good morning guys how's everybody doing
today
I'm just distracting aim from here only
ran to the shower we're getting ready to
go out we're gonna go check our p.o box
and go to Home Depot and pick up a few
things we found a new way to distract a
broom the neighbor's dog it's cold in
there pick the door closed hmm can you
see the dog can you see him
we have to distract him when he's taking
a shower or he'll freak out
he'll try to run in the bathroom I'm
gonna try to get out of the shower so
who would hold
yeah mommy's taking a shower buddy she's
taking a shower you're doing good Oh No
see you guys what'd I tell you you made
it more saving more doing Home Depot
come on doesn't my wife look adorable
look so cute
especially those multicolored leggings
or those two pairs of leggings your
socks leggings every month ahead see
look at a bro manager he just holding
her what's he doing somebody
andr want a new drill yeah my drill
quarter went missing so I can't charge
my old drill and it's kind of a piece of
junk anyway though when you look through
these it turns all the lights in here
into rainbows wow it's awesome
sure see the rainbows
this is what I'm getting guys and get a
new drill set here we're getting new
toilet hardware on the we're getting a
new what is this you're you're right we
do gonna get fire logs too but I really
want to get outside more I think
building a fire with her and doing like
the Bible devotional with her will make
a big difference so that's what we're
gonna do we're gonna get a fire pit
alright cific we got our new fire pit
now what do we got to get do you want to
pick out the logs show me what time you
want there's two different kind I'm not
sure what the difference is there's
always options even when it comes to
fire logs there's options just to make
it complicated on everybody you want
those ones
it's POA the post office getting our P o
box stuff we haven't checked this in
sweet Florida wow you guys are so nice
like all those letters we love hearing
from you guys you guys are so cute
sending a stop Thank You hey get back
over here get back over here
well name a girl here these are
oh my gosh guys he's anywhere else we go
through pretty like call home and stay
next inna like mommy if I walked I feel
like she sings back to walk all the way
over here and even still over there I
want to move on it
we're bargain we're on air Kelly Anthony
Miko and Harvey Erica and Stanford oh
yeah come on Avery we got to put the
tools in the toolbox I got me a new
toolbox and tools
I brought Andrew home how'd you do what
you wanted huh Thank You juju look what
have you were sent to us Abram that's
Sam his name is Sam the doggy's name is
Sam screwdriver screwdriver put in the
toolbox drill drill drill you don't like
the drill it's like a gun oh wow does a
belly button gun because it's a belly
button god how's it going good just
transferring tools in this case thing
over here are you just kind of throwing
it all in the bottom of that one so we
got a card full of goodies and it says
it's our turn to return the favor hope
it puts a smile on your face please
enjoy these gift cards to many places
that we know you like to shop and eat
courtesy of your Secret Santa
so we have sonic Walmart $50 to the
Cheesecake Factory my all-time faves
and $50 Starbucks gift card what I can't
even believe it Thank You Secret Santa
sneaker Santa thank you we're gonna have
a fun week I know I want you secrets and
I know you share them though like I get
what how do we how do we make sure we
share this Starbucks well that's kooky
all together better so guys check this
out this is another present one you guys
sent us her name is hunter this is
really cool you guys know it's way too
well I think so I attached this thing
that looks like this to our car keys and
you download this app and it helps you
find or locate your car keys or your
wallet or whatever else you want to
attach this little thing to I'll show
you in a second I want to find our Honda
Pilot keys so it press find and it tells
you on here says Honda Pilot Keys is
close by hint it's probably a few steps
away now it says it's about an arm's
length away sure enough there it is our
car keys we'll never lose our car keys
again or at least we'll be able to find
them this is awesome thank you so much
hunter you're awesome ready we got the
fire pit already he had just left to go
to Bible study into her discipleship
meeting us weird one roast marshmallows
and have a devotional all right
so I really wanted to have a devotional
with Symphony this guy is not handling
it well I want to discuss Ephesians six
one through three can you say Ephesians
and today we're going to talk about
obeying your parents and what God does
not obey your parents okay
I want to talk about a linear pair some
people might think that's manipulating
or whatever but the Bible says you know
children obey your parents in the Lord
for this is right so that's what you see
the dog the dog is peeking yes I see him
God is saying children obey your parents
in the Lord for this is right honor your
father and mother that is that it may go
well with you and that you may live long
in the land remain live long on the
earth we're gonna look up a few worship
day we're gonna look up the word obey
we're gonna look up honor commandment
and promise okay
do you know what obey means okay what
does obey me you do the right and not do
the wrong I'm sort of obey means to
follow commands or instructions okay can
you say to follow instructions
marshmallow I got my some more right
here no take it out let it burn for a
minute then we'll blow it out he keeps
trying to grab stuff but it can't flip
it over ah there you go yeah hold it
like that that's good baby take it out
you know some more now yeah there she is
Symphony you don't hold it with your
other hand take a bite out of that mmm
good all right buddy chocolate
you break it for you let me break it for
you
oh you got it that didn't go as well as
planned it's freezing outside this I
won't have it out there you keep running
around trying to get after the dog and
he starts crying asking for mommy
yeah so we're back inside we're just
grab some popcorn and watch a movie
until this guy comes down a little bit
you just really upset whoa bless you
bless you do you guys love his new often
or what yeah daddy yeah oh sorry I
didn't see you guys there woman go ahead
and say good night now I mean the kids
are gonna play for a little bit longer a
couple more hours a broom usually stays
up an hour two later than he usually
does when he is here so it's just me and
the kid Oh looks like you sleepy already
how about that hey you sleepy buddy I
see a sleepy guy man that's a bad pimple
look at that all these papers showing up
everywhere quite anyway guys children
don't forget obey your parents in the
Lord for this is right honor your father
and mother that it may go well with you
and that you may live long in the land
Ephesians six one through three four you
want mom or dad out mama yeah here yo he
got that here we here at the Raider
house we love you and remember love each
other
don't
