oh my gosh look at that you don't need
baby
we've got to give
and this together good morning you guys
how's it going today we are having a
quiet little morning in the house and
this hasn't happened in a while Sam is
at discipleship with Heath and we are
just relaxing at the house Abram is
playing with his toys hey buddy what you
got and you guys remember that house
that Andrew gave as the white elephant
gift to our Sam's brother David
well now Symphony is painting it that is
so pretty Symphony there goes home early
today yeah usually when you meet the
heat another two hours as soon as I
walked in the door this guy was the
first place that I saw there Lee soon as
I opened it he was like he's turning
into Andrews room I came into the back
door calling you so lucky to have
already getting on side of there you're
so beautiful baby so proud of you
painting morning guys how's it going
maybe I should say good night I just got
home from work or from meeting with
Heath it was very nice finally getting
to meet with Heath Heath we haven't got
to meet over a month so it's very nice
Kenan catch up with him every time I
leave I just feel so rejuvenated and
just like ready to start my life I would
totally suggest all men have another guy
that you can have a heart-to-heart
conversation with sit down talk about
everything that's going on you know your
deepest thoughts your deepest struggles
it's just always so nice to get that off
your shoulders and you know especially
praying about it together we've got to
pray about it together and just
understanding each other
what you have to step on everything
you're stepping on for eating it's in
the middle of the day and I'm trying to
keep myself up I don't want to go to
sleep so I can sleep tonight I have a
productive day tomorrow and this is a
very confusing part of the day for me so
what do I do have a wake
I have a sleep honey what do I do with
my time well I have a suggestion
this is what I think I think you should
go take like a two-hour nap not just one
and not like six hours I think it should
just be like a problem that they're like
really drowsy the rest of the night like
it's hard for Sam to wake up see like I
feel like anyone else you'd probably
make that we're having barbecued chicken
want to get stuff done either today
probably not today tomorrow there's just
a list of little things that needs to be
done around the house bathroom sink is
to being clogged for way too long in our
bathroom in our bedroom the Christmas
stuff needs to be brought down our front
door handles loose I got to tighten that
up our door won't lock our back door
won't lock I have to get a drill so I
can redraw the whole what else this
kitchen seat keeps getting closed the
door knob on our bathroom will be here
is just incredibly hard to open up and
it wakes up the baby every time we try
to go in there what on the toilet in the
main bathroom like
like squeezes majorly this is that you
Indian flushes there's just so many
little things that I haven't got to do
Sammy it's been two hours I'm going to
make him some coffee and get some yogurt
and stuff made for him and try to pop
him into waking up maybe we'll all serve
him breakfast in bed which is really
like the third lunch for the day I don't
know whatever the weird time is almost
3:00 p.m. so nothing alrighty here goes
nothin what better way to wake up down
to something this yummy and I'm going to
garnish it with these little blueberry
rice cakes that I got yesterday at the
store guys if you're blueberry things
like ice and I'm not trying these you
try them there quicker pops wheat oat
crisps wild blueberry and they are
delicious I have food on a tray waiting
for you but you have to come to the
couch for it watch out you guys this hot
stuff on
yummy yummy well you pushing his little
tricycle and he fell down on the ground
and scooped on the concrete do you know
where the band-aids are at the need one
for handle bad thank you thank you baby
how do you feel buddy nothing that
little sucker can't fix all better
well then on to cooking dinner for me
we're having BBQ chicken sandwiches
tonight and I'm so excited even though
we had barbecue on Sunday there's some
reason I'm just really in the mood for
it so I'm getting ready for that we have
mac and cheese get my buns ready
little man Abram ever look the noodles
what happened
did it hurt his feet he's so cute you
ready come from you'll play with the
noodles he set himself up sitting
himself up for this
come on buddy dig in come on nose look
at clay with the noodles you can make
rain all right you guys share the
noodles now don't eat him buddy they're
too hard not edible yet no no yeah Vicky
film through me I shot her wedding in
2011 you remember Vicky and Jamie
winning he said good evening seven blue
yeah and Symphony we're playing like we
were losses of those sticks but I'm sure
me I've did her wedding in 2011 and she
said our house recently burned down and
we lost everything and she wants the CD
of the images and it's funny because her
name is Vicki and Jamie and she said I'm
a CD you wrote Valerie Jamie I feel
really bad that her help for now but
then she said Esther make me laugh like
you did do a Valerie 2011 all of the see
if I still have a picture that's a long
time ago good have a couple horrible at
the church right down the road here oh
yeah
are you serious yes remember honey can I
say you did amazing at these Burke you
chicken sandwiches
and everything so - you like him his
head is blown away by how good these are
so what you're blown away so I should
borne away expression no not your
bellybutton
no you better buy yeah there it is it's
the blown away expression so when I'm
eating my chicken sandwich I like to add
a little bit of extra chicken and
barbeque right on top like filming aunty
shame
that's our face durable
what are you doing
he's just too much oh my goodness well
anyways guys we're gonna go ahead and
say good night say I'm didn't quite make
it to the end of the day he kind of
passed out doing bath time for the kids
and I don't think he's gonna be coming
back up to reality until tomorrow
morning so we will see you all tomorrow
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other high waves
book kisses music where's those cards
what a mess
