we've got to give
in this together so this is Jennifer
there's a better angle right I hope I
was ready to do sit over there
so me and Jennifer met at tanker which
is pretty much where we're at right now
you miss those days
I miss the fun but I don't miss hours
the hours before they were horrible yeah
I was in races the other day and they
were trying to like close I wanted to
get my stuff yeah we're talking about
what makes us happy through the day
because you know sometimes being a mom
and the way especially stay-at-home mom
things get routine you know we're kind
of not like what makes us happy and what
what makes you happy like what helps do
you get through like you know
yeah day just what helps you get through
this how honestly like a thunder laughs
I love all my life at that salt or
something in just having a nice bath
reading
kind of just quiet time journaling I'll
carry my Bible in journal afterwards you
should knees
is flowers I'll go to work is that I
like the $5 cheap flower oh yeah I'm in
my house
I've had enough they would need us
that's cute cute idea so and I was
saying that in contrast I don't have
time to do a lot of those things because
I have little little kids here we never
have time to read unless it's at like
midnight
I don't ever take a bubble bath the
reason is because the time for me to
take a bubble bath is when they take a
nap or whatever but that's not like what
makes me happy of having one thing each
day to look forward to like if I get a
new coffee I want to go to bed then at
night I'll be like looking forward to my
coffee the next morning or like last
night I went to bed really late and
playing on a phone you know I knew that
I wasn't tired today so I was looking
forward to my lunch today only how well
are you Jennifer tomorrow and that kind
of brightened my mood what's a cuddle
with it
everyone see the birdies he was the
birdies oh it's okay it's okay it's just
birdies hey it's okay
why does it scare to the birdies since
if you're scared of those touch it it's
okay buddy look I'm not scary okay
here's a tree you know the tree stops
certainly no more that he doesn't want
this picture look I'm gonna put the
birdies back Abram say bye-bye birdies
he said bye-bye birdies hey everyone and
I throw it's been throw stuff like crazy
you want to cover up with you
cover him up something Nachum you suck
the win last night was probably the
busiest night I've had in over a year
really did it feel my feet hurt our ICU
is full so we got hold him down in the
ER so it's taking care of two ICU
patients and then two more rooms with ER
patients coming in and out it was crazy
and these ICU patients had a lot of
medications oh really oh yeah
Morbius infused and the other one
somebody got this for Christmas she's
really learning how to walk it around
doing it did you name it yet and and
maybe nervin a it's been a week
so what's made your life easier with a
mobile toddler whoo I can hear her I
feel like more often
oh really yeah that's true I thought I
know exactly what room she's in
what is your favorite thing to do when
she naps I never I sentence Kerry you
know what this is so embarrassing so
okay I'll just admit this on the blog so
the other day the kids took a nap
the kids took a nap bag and shopped
online a shop yeah I wasn't even lazy I
was spending money sitting around that's
a horrible there were so many things
like I've been doing my time but I
didn't I'm getting ready to unwind for
the day I had a very hectic last couple
of hours I don't know what is going on
if Symphony had a growth spurt or what
but she kind of lost it tonight and it
was not very fun for me Sam's not here
and you know especially when he's gone
being the primary disciplinarian it's
not always easy especially when you have
a baby
luckily andrew was here and so I was
able to give him Abram so that I could
go be with Symphony and just take care
of the whole situation but it was
dramatic and I'm feeling pretty
overwhelmed so I was reflecting on the
conversations that I had with both
Jennifer and Caitlin today and I thought
what were we just talking about you know
that really kind of gets us through
these kinds of days one thing that came
to my mind was crafting that really
takes my mind off of things and helps me
just unwind I can just completely focus
and Zone in it's kind of an effortless
thing for me now and so I decided to
pick up this wreath that you guys keep
asking me about thing was I would use
this natural-looking mesh to be like
ground and then I'd have like grass and
then I would work in clouds see how that
works but anyways you guys get the
overall idea of what I'm trying to do
here and I'm kind of annoyed because if
she watches this now it's gonna be
spoiled which I know she's probably too
watch it so tada
womp womp usually this is my first time
to work with this mesh like it looks
like burlap but it's not it's totally
like a plasticy earthy mesh so I think
I'm gonna go work on that and I will
keep you all updated on what it's
looking like okay you guys this is the
gist of it I don't have everything
secured in place yet but didn't it turn
out pretty cute I really totally kind of
fixed it up and made it look the way I
wanted it to look yeah you saw I have
you guys to think that you guys asking
me questions about that wreath and the
background of our vlogs is what gave me
the motivation to fix it and finish it
so now I can send it to Rachel and David
and little baby Noah for him to hang on
his little nursery door thank you guys
for coming along with
today we hope you've all had a wonderful
day give us a thumbs up if you liked our
video and we will see you all tomorrow
bye guys
