so yesterday I left symphony on the
porch for a minute to just play out
there on the porch and I came aside for
like five minutes to open the box Devi
goddess had put my new case on my phone
now went back outside and she was gone
and this together good morning how's
everybody doing oh my gosh
green wait where's your other shoe buddy
behind you you're the shoe gonna go to
church for running late did you tell
mommy about come on missing yesterday
when you went missing off the porch I
went looking for you anywhere you're
scared I got to tell you something
simply stitches I want to tell you now I
went back outside and she was gone I was
running around the yard like Symphony
Symphony where are you I came back in
the house yelling for her so I picked
the paper I went back outside
so went outside as if she went to
sideways I went to their house and to my
dismay their living room was dark oh my
gosh
so I knocked on through her plane came
to do her and he's like she's in the
back town us stories she told us that
she told you she's coming over you
probably told I didn't hear no she never
told me she said I got to do one more
thing time she's gonna go to blame
to Sally's oh my gosh like my worst
nightmare celibacy ad implemented into
the party so I looked up at my phone and
the only text that popped up on my phone
was Tiffany was all out on the porch she
gave whatever Becca said she was gone
nothing else no other description I'm
freaking out I called Sam then I just
had to open up my text again because I
was driving by this point and he had
explained that she was at the neighbor's
house and she was fine or whatever but
oh my gosh I had a little bit of anxiety
all through the night into every memory
because she was gone I was boiling
every parent's worst nightmare missing
I'm still missing
I gotta get to the car it is so cold up
here see the ice there's an ice another
I've been so cold up all morning
go guys go
really bad I'm the only guy here with
hair oh wait I saw through there I had
apologized about really bad coming in
here with her
me and I are teaching the kids today
right now we're making glasses to
represent sight and the light that God
brings to us is to represent what he
does first in our lives he brings light
to our lives that's that's Lea can
anybody tell me what helps make us see
better Jesus helps us see better guys
Jesus how eyes can see because I have
Jesus well grab to eat you guys want to
know what the popular dad does it always
takes a few quarters inside every
restaurant any loves drugs so many
barbecue so miss barbecue we're gonna
eat with hurricane sandy how they got
the hang of it Eric you long huh
come on Eric hurry up man it's so cold
you already chest bang that's what I got
go mashed potato potato yeah we've been
here once before yes I okay so you get
your own size but we provide the meat in
the bread you gotta get your own
barbecue sauce we're gonna go back and
get the barbecue sauce yourself at
server over side what get all
restaurants be the same they just serve
you everything at once and you don't
have to think about it too much think
you require here now my brain hurts a
little bit ah I just want to eat is your
brain
that ain't right
there you go they have all-you-can-eat
ice cream cones here the cones are
written everybody there you go yeah pull
it out there you go
yep pull fill up the cone there you go
that all you want
that's it that's a small ice cream cone
there you go yeah get it on there yeah
perfect
is that all you up are you sure that's
pretty small put your little edge come
over yeah there you go
get it on there there you go good job
there's gonna make a big one
this is Eric's what six one seven or six
all right
since Eric's ice-cream skills here
dude have you taken any queen before you
won't ever go
that looks good honey
that's lopsided Sydney put your hand in
it looks like it's going to fall that's
a good ice-cream cone right there
that's looks like a little sculpture
shutter speed yourself
that's it work I think on five
there you go who wants a quarter for the
gumball machine there you go there you
go I don't know where the gumball
machines are at but I supply the
quarters that's all ideas right I don't
know where the gumball machines are at
what you want you go ask the guy at
first you take my new nappy what do you
open the mouth wide open one kiss is
just a kiss
the gum baby if she looks today guys
chokers sure my girls chunker's he's
serious I just cooked 20 are like 20
minutes
apart from each other that was a lot of
barbeque I've like I had a cooked or raw
to just saying
don't force it please nap Sunday nap in
I'm about to get my nap in for the day
hopefully I'll get an hour and maybe two
to if I'm lucky but I have to go to work
tonight
yes I'm to go work again I got to catch
up but and all the work that I missed
was on vacation so I'm gonna leave the
kids again tonight I gotta take out the
secret don't tell anybody did you guys
see those in yesterday's vlog I am still
wearing them today and I have not taken
them off sense I love these things so
cool what do you got there Symphony
what'd you just say hey did you say
you're gonna pee in that box you're
gonna pee in that open box me I don't
like the way you're talking right now
you pee in a toilet
not in a box you would appear to in
their box
ooping in that chair are you pooping in
that chair
yeah you're cute so what are you cooking
on him I don't want like chicken and
rice I load a dishwasher yesterday and I
forgot to empty out the silver tray and
put the other silver and so I did around
the dishwasher and so whatever a long
story short I'm having to cook my rice
set to the side and then cook my chicken
in this pot Oh daddy that I eat
someone stole me but as that Brandon
Sallie talk to give them their elephants
yeah Eli
Logan everybody wants to see you all our
viewers love you they're having Logan
withdrawals 30 days guys there's mr.
Logan my little Menace I miss you buddy
what you been doing today man nothing
just sitting around you're always up for
something what kind of music do you
listen to baptized ended like a big
community rolled up like a burrito guys
remember all that um Valentine's Day
stuff I was showing you the other day
well this is what I made out of it and
there's another one behind me you can
kind of see on the wall back there it's
going to a new home today I'm definitely
making one of these for our home as well
because I just love it
and so my friend Elaine's stopping my
hearing a little bit to pick it up hey
Lane I was blogging when you pulled out
something I'll just say hi to her on our
blog hi I'm going to show you the new
magazine on my wall guys you wanna see
it and it is right there
you like it isn't it cool it's a frozen
page and let's see what's fun is after
this Oh Chris stuff climbing a mountain
mommy
this is dark and you can see it better
through the camera
there's Christophe Christophe Elsa and
Anna who do you guys think they are and
there is one of us is Breyers
