we are gonna go do something really
super fun with sandy I got a new goal
for this guy together good morning guys
it is bright and early we are gonna go
do something really super fun with sandy
and the big kids and the babies the
Middle's are preoccupied elsewhere until
we are gonna go have some fun with our
biggest and our littlest and it's gonna
be amazing but first I gotta make it
where everyone can fit in my car
I did it guys check it out we have lunch
in the third row now so glad about that
I had to take out our little thing I've
got these things from Japan's canopy at
church and hasn't happened yet
okay let's see how it's fitting are you
guys fitting in nice you lost your front
tooth oh my goodness I'll close that
right now close enough
yeah-huh the middle seat you can't get
any because my car seats to be just
figure it out you guys can you guys can
do it make it work make it work make it
work
me I should do that taught you how to do
what truth your mouth closed opposed to
and retard
welcome to Buncombe Oh guys I'm putting
this little man to work today
he's working hard too so I got a new
goal for this guy when I'm coming out
here to work in Broken Bow and that's to
develop a good work ethic in him but
he's only four marks a lazy hoot all he
wants to do is play when he does one
play one sport iPad so this place is
such an awesome opportunity to help him
build a good work ethic first he didn't
want to do it he started crying but then
he got started made him get started and
he's kind of enjoying it work is very
enjoyable for men once you do it a
thought of work for most men including
myself it just doesn't seem very
enjoyable but once I get out and I start
working it's just so pleasurable it's so
like part of our nature so I finally
finished putting the supports in between
the other ones so this is old now I'm
going to clean all this up today
okay so Symphony knows where we're going
but cook does not I don't know a total
surprise what's that you got there
anything what is this it's an envelope
envelope
I don't wanna point this out but I have
to this is somebody's first note from my
boy are you coming oh that's so cool so
now you write him a letter okay feel
good work
high-five good job
check it out guys I just collected all
this metal all over the property the
house a shed behind the shed another
shed the old shed how much you guys
think this is gonna be worse I decided
to go ahead and recycle the aluminum
because right online there's just so
much aluminium in here I read online
that you save like 80 percent of the
energy that is used to make that that's
how much you save when you recycle that
it's something to interview say put all
that metal I got we're gonna go get
money for it how much you think we'll
get that's not bad guess
never on their closed course is closed
today Saturday shoot really needed that
trailer to pick up some stuff I was
gonna bring it home with me
oh wow that's really frustrating
I'm secondly distinct on Monday now so
does he know where we're at
you got it guys I'll give you a boost I
want to do it let me see if I can do it
I wasn't giving these kids enough credit
that is actually really hard like I
totally thought I was gonna die right
over do you want to try some of the big
people stuff I just tried to climb that
thing right there that hill and I
totally like it's so much hold on I
don't know you do it I can't I tried
it's so much harder than it looks
puffs gonna climb that wall you can try
again get to swing to it I'm gonna try
this wall again now that my back
in her zone let's race ready yeah now
you guys gotta try and run and go all
the way up there yeah uh well I'm just
not sure about that right now
all right
American Ninja Warrior
you got to the antenna secret hideout
spot well they called our colors if
you're wearing a blue bracelet it's time
to go home we're doing well but follow
me with that hatchet watch your fingers
see this fence right here we're gonna
take it down we're gonna take this fist
down cuz all this is ours too it's all
we're gonna make it all into one piece
of land because remember the book buried
the hatchet one of the first books I've
ever read and the hatchet was one of the
first tools I've ever learned about it
was probably these starts me wanting to
be in nature and an interesting scene
avram po2 Hatch I was telling him about
it earlier I have the flow of pitting
down thinking there's just something
about it it's almost like liberating you
know you're enjoying this I was actually
looking forward to this part of cleaning
up
 this
check that out barbed wires going
straight through the tree like crazy oh
that goes in right there it comes out
all the way over here same with all of
them the tree grew around it is that
cool
I cannot get the hot water to work here
the past several times I've been here
and this time I texted the previous
owner I asked them about it and he to
give me any advice but I shouldn't hot
water on it and it was working it's
really crazy so Abram is gonna take a
bath naked back to camper no naked
dances on camera what's that dude for a
long time since your birthday Hamburg
yes so we are here we're gonna go to
milk and cream in Dallas Wow at the
recommendation of Matthew tgreider
photography we're gonna let you choose
but you got to share with the moms okay
what are we getting for our topping
since and what are we getting for the
inside
oh my goodness that looks so good blue
try it
super-good Judy do you like the ice
cream here do you want to lick the bag
on sugar
dang Abram you were dirty just kidding I
just took a bath in there I really took
a bath in there anyway Abram and I are
off to the movie theater we are gonna go
see
everybody we're gonna say about talking
about the candy huh we're not allowed to
bring the singing piano okay we're not
supposed to go get in trouble say no but
Hotel anybody that I put in is in our
pocket because they don't have peanut
butter mmm and they also don't have Red
Vines and I have to have very bad don't
let me down let's do it
whoopee Shh I say Maxie you tell anybody
in my pockets is it noticeable fairness
to for the star please we got a fan
basic here what's your name baby Demi
Demi like Demi Moore wow what a cool
name ever know what movie you guys
watching cocoa fun bye buddy
this is ours bud go ahead what's going
now we can take a look heard trying to
give them away the Holy Spirit
overshadow you and the child will be
called the son of God for nothing is
impossible with God
early movie was definitely just ok we
left an hour before it ended thanks
April for letting me be one village a
piece of junk
Avram it's definitely not a biblical
movie it doesn't have any like
educational aspect to it in my opinion I
was hoping for something really cool
kind of like the movie that movie was
amazing to me as a kid I was just so
impressed by it and it made me like
really want to know the story more well
see you guys tomorrow apron I decided
state another night that's why their
bars are there behind that's what we
have they had a couple vlogs because
we're here in Oklahoma without internet
still guys we love you and remember each
other and it goes straight to mouth I
love her to fit that in my a new pants
