what are you doing you want a snack I
got a great idea for a snack won't you
go get our nature box nature box let's
open it up we got hey Jer box for
you guys who don't know nature box
sponsors us here at Sam Ania and we love
nature box you get a box of snacks every
month but when you're ordering from
nature box you're feeding the hungry
they vow to give a meal for every order
they get on HR box which is awesome
because sometimes I feel helpless when
it comes to feeding the poor and help
your homes yes I know it's trying out we
got barbecue kettle kernel did you pick
the snacks that are in this box sir then
you choose five snacks from the list of
like several snacks that they have
available every month
what does everyone like what do you like
what is that
you got the blueberry Greek yogurt
pretzels ooh look sounds awesome
really good blueberry my favorite here
Ben what are you eating some flowers can
I have some I just think it's so awesome
that they want to sponsor us it's just
it's really cool since there are
projects awesome and all the snacks are
just really healthy and very inexpensive
but for you guys we get to offer you
guys a special salmony of viewers if you
go to naturebox.com/tyler we'll put a
link in the description you get a free
sampler box these are so good you guys I
don't even like anything Anders this
snacks acted pick out our really yummy
huh see a piggy bar love monsters were
fav yeah so what do we get we got
cinnamon spiced almonds a whole wheat
blueberry Figgy bars as yes see I got a
lot of blueberry items sunflower kernels
cheddar and honest of our kernels
blueberry Greek yogurt pretzels and then
barbeque keto kernels breast cancer
awareness and wearing my pink sweater
and my heart's I'm heading to shells
house and we are having a head shaving
party
gonna come back with some pink dye in my
hair we're gonna do why mommy's gone
Symphony - hey just have fun
a little weekend mood huh you know what
happens when mommy leaves no I'm just
kidding you guys know you've seen all
the vlog stands pretty active with the
kids you all my hair is so horrible it
has been so tingly lately so today I
just put like some gel Sam's a texture
cream in my hair and scrunched it and
then I pulled it back into a bobby pin I
really don't like the way that it looks
and I'm not sure what to do about it I'm
probably enough redoing it before I get
to the party I'm about to go pick up
sandy and we're gonna head to this
shindig we're gonna head to the shindig
for show
we're getting the decor all laid out
Katie be these cute hearts I made those
cute hearts gift area this is a banner I
made cute sign in your head let's get
flashes those tattoos oh these are cute
I can't I said I'm gonna go get laid I
gotta go get the Cape fur guys this is
your loving really big right letting her
husband shave her head
yeah otherwise I would not money
oh my goodness would you be mad if I
accidently oh my god what do you think
so far
right here and you in the future the way
yeah that's what did you say oh I want
an elephant never forgetting it I'm
getting really what's a relief I'm not
one I really want like a shiny line or
almost a bony elephant
uh-oh yeah like it that's cute getting
blind putting my hair now about pink you
already have you want so many dogs mine
is crazy crap
Oh mine broke oh no I broke in my hair
take the take the color thing every Sam
Eric pretty much yeah that's probably my
wallet from Davis house and you sent to
some cases jump just a bunch of junk
mail guys nothing to see here
we're talking about how she'll look so
great on the outside but you can just
kind of tell away in her eyes kind of
seems like photo shoots little nervous
it's really it's really this one where
your arms and legs
okay okay which has been your favorite
style tonight probably this was really
cool dinner got me a new kiss from my
iphone six-plus
this is the one I had on there I got
this from a friend at work this is two
pieces two pieces to put this on first
then the middle die cut piece stepping
fancier than my other one what are you
guys watching hi Clark
Juno look at that guy that's a full
belly right there we just went out to
eat I can't find my the vlogging camera
so I'm logging on my phone for the first
time ever how's it look guys this look
bad
that'd be kinda cool just get a couple
clips of us at home Omni is out during
her little party this guy really wants a
fling
mmm others so he said
someone favored bowl here while I was
doing this is not to be some bald
Natalie Portman and I just gotta say
showing you can kick her butt at the
bald women you are so
is also kind of here but you totally
picture but in the bald fashionable
department you are rocking it girl look
at you we're heading out now
I have a new beautiful ball thank you so
much on the Fitbit problem oh boy I love
you guys so much hunger free you
come along with me yeah me too are
friendly to watch yeah well thank you
guys don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other and love ya
we shall just
