good morning it's time for us to go run
some errands Hobby Lobby has an amazing
sale after Christmas and this is when I
stock up on basic supplies like the
reface is my floor oh why are stuff like
that by this point it's usually 80 or 90
percent oh it's freezing dude are you
guys like a bundle laughs we are yeah go
clap oh you see a doggie Wow boy the
doggy heart here's my Christmas buggy
hooray for 80% off at Hobby Lobby that's
awesome the only downside is that while
we were out of town that's when the mega
Christmas sale started and I missed out
on the wreath bases that I use last year
I was able to get like all my wreath
bases for the interior for like a dollar
fifty each when they're typically about
six dollars high what do you have you
have my fabric marker think I'm gonna go
with the gray I think I'll be the most
satisfied with that one I don't love it
I know but it's not your makeup bag when
you're a big girl and you pick your own
makeup bag then I'll let you pick
whichever one you want okay getting
fabric cut for more wreaths those polka
dots
it's Valentine's Day that's okay awesome
three dollars and 36 cents for the
fabric over one entire reader how
awesome is that have a Valentine's crown
yeah did you get a Valentine's craft
today yeah and who are you gonna give it
out to my family anyone else like your
friends maybe we'll have enough to make
your friends at church one
symphonie found ballerina cupcakes and
she's just so excited about it well I
don't know about that sweetie that's a
lot of cupcakes hi Whitney
symphonie ran down the aisle to get to
Whitney does she give you stickers
Whitney it's about time you made an
appearance on our vlog Sam and I went to
my sweetest girl ever
oh yeah like he's waving at you are you
gonna be shy now sippy what are you
doing over here why are you taking all
the books on the Shelf Tiffani you only
get the 300-seat on things to do to make
and do that's perfect for the new year
cuz I really wanted to give you a list
of my New Year's resolutions but I
didn't have a chance yet so I was think
about maybe doing tomorrow but I can go
and give you a few than now just like
guys ever had a chance left
yet so I'll do it tomorrow you're lucky
I gotta go to work I'm gonna leave it
like five minutes that's not a thing
about my new year's resolutions here's
the initial things I came to my mind
read the Bible within the Year exercise
and you know getting getting fit get fit
getting fit in shape what was the other
one obviously was important but the
point I'm trying to make is New Year's
resolution I don't think they hold up
very good because the biggest motivation
we have to complete these goals is that
it's a new year and it's just not enough
I mean a week from now all those goals
were just going to be exactly the same
as they were one week ago
so my new year's resolution is I'm doing
one right now is to pray more go outside
pray be with God do one-on-one time with
God more often and ask him what I should
be doing for my life and to to live more
in his will for me that's my number one
resolution I do want to get a gym
membership I used to have a gym
membership but one day I showed up to
the gym to go workout and the doors were
locked or my car wouldn't work of like
well guess it's just not meant to happen
with that cold never got a gym
membership again but I gotta go to work
now this one that said how do you guys
make an appearance in the blog can your
new year's resolution be to do the
dishes once ate uh yeah so I want to go
ahead and say goodbye now before this
gets out of hand
yummy we can move yummies those are
yummies
you want to sing hey yeah move man
you're so cute
that's I seriously I'm addicted of
blueberries people on a whole case of
yesterday and I ate them all I've
already eaten almost another one cheers
three of them in here and I feel like I
want to finish these kind of take them
with me are you sure you don't mind how
much are these 75 oh my gosh six bucks
and one say 20 bucks a week on
blueberries I was like you know there's
one thing I'd wanna be spoiled with I
don't drink beer I don't drink cokes
just keep us stocked on blueberries
that's all I ask for just blueberries
that's our Jeremy's in the console who'd
do that anyway that was that Jeremy or
Kendra you got a really good artist you
drew blueberries in there that's
hilarious
hey blue BOE boobie we had are you
trying to pull the tank out
just leave it you get stressed out about
the tag just leave it here senior song
goes right here
see ya a big book for a little girl
that guy took a ticket down am I looking
at spider pumpkins oh that's for
Halloween no maybe we'll do that on
Halloween all right guys look at ago
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other seriously this year make
it a goal to love people more often with
more strength everyone give me a hug bye
bye whoa don't get too excited
Oh daddy oh boy I got out I hit my teeth
you okay you okay oh I feel easy
something hurt up there oh hey daddy go
to work Oh
yeah hey bro-bro good she wanted to
really FaceTime daddy singing her song
and they're gonna do their plug in a
kiss and uh FaceTime me do nuts in the
morning okay baby I'll put you go yeah
and they do knit holes and then gear and
cinnamon y'all bring some doughnuts off
of you so much hey daddy mom come here
do you feel better yeah are you sure
yeah
oh that was so sad I'm gonna get it
dinky little monkey hey Jerri monkey
Abram come here what does the cow say
okay guys I'm going to share with you a
little excerpt from symphonies devotion
last night and I thought it was perfect
to ring in the New Year
so here goes you know a big you know 365
more days or to come and you know it's
kind of daunting just the big number
itself and the fact that we don't even
know what the future holds we don't even
know what's gonna happen tomorrow anyway
I just thought that was really cool I
wanted to share it with you guys I'm
also I also tweeted a picture of it if
you want to go and like read it better
without having to scroll down it with me
symphony you've just got it made in here
she was all set up with her new fishie
light that she got for Christmas from
uncle Andrew
away words there's a timer to light a
storm for a timer and also there's a
timer for it to go up and like Nemo
mm-hmm hey some funny plays like hey
that's like dory yeah yeah is this the
one you don't like yeah night Hey sleep
tight little fishy and then eight this
is what I'm about to work on you guys
Valentine's Day stuff one of the cool
things about being a stay-at-home mom
and doing my reef business is that I'm
never stuck doing the same type of work
like during the day I do my housework at
night I do my wreaths and even with my
wreath business I'm never making like
the same type of craft all the time it's
always like a different holiday a
different season all types of different
things that I'm making and I usually get
to like make my own styles which is what
I'm working on right now so I'm gonna go
get started on this sparkly glittery fun
I cannot wait anyways guys thanks for
coming along with us today hope you've
had an amazing day don't forget to give
us a thumbs up if you liked our video
today and we will see you all in
tomorrow's vlog bye guys
you
be a shout you
of your head don't be
within misty
