you are my brother you are my sister
made by the same guy
by the same
got to give
and this together we're getting ready to
do our Jimmy Fallon lip-sync you guys
like her outfit we chose the outfit that
we were and then Disney music video we
just did um well I'm hot gluing a thing
to like make a makeshift headband like I
wore in the viral video hey buddy no I
really just lounging around shoes
there's the new gopro hero4 silver
edition there's any mounts that I got
for the window
there she is this thing is awesome
because I gotta flip it over we used to
have to put like a Velcro on the bottom
of our cameras and put it right here and
now we got this sucker that is awesome
so do you like a new GoPro setup do we
have guys
myself see you later oh it's okay keep
your name oh I'm sorry
well we're already out of the house
maybe next time okay we decided to do it
before breakfast because it Abram fell
asleep perfect timing
you guys won't see shot of it I'll show
you a shot of it threatened now
how can I wear the head take my still
delicious raspberry raspberry peach very
baby pancakes but you're not even a baby
my omelet hasn't got what do you do is
Symphony like let me help you you know
look I can sit on it mommy for Christmas
and daddy I made this tasty little
cheese roll dip for Sam's work for New
Year's tonight this has become like one
of my favorite things to take to a party
or a potluck and it's also always a
favorite like there's never any lip
we're opening a belated Christmas
present from J house vlogs hey let's see
what's in there Symphony deserve a treat
for Sam while editing my treat while I
edit no balls
there's a wreath gilmoregirls is on that
iPad over here hate that earrings me as
cool hair thing
Jeremy's dream come true oh my gosh to
be in the backseat of our car Abrams
occur Sam steals all but random budged
it no listen look Sam still skinny jeans
no he did not see if you don't like
minivan needs to wait okay oh my gosh -
- oh yeah that's so cute like the ballet
oh my god so cool there's awesome there
Slade go through it see they're like oh
yeah so cool I feel like ears goat ears
thank you can you put it back thank you
put it back where it goes mister where
does it go where did it go
where does it go that's right
good job thank you thank you always
I miss you I hope I get to see you oh we
do hope we get to see you guys soon
Kendra kind of gave me a teaser that
they might be driving through to go to
Arizona and hopefully we're gonna get to
meet them it has been so much fun making
friends with Jeremy and kyndra from J
house vlogs oh oh no he is not trash
anyways thanks for thinking of us guys
it means a lot we love you well guys I
had an awesome time with you during
Thanksgiving at Christmas but all good
things come to an end I gotta go to work
on Year's Eve what a bummer
a New Year's that was the agreement if I
could get Christmas if I could have a
Christmas vacation oh thank you and have
Thanksgiving off then I have to work New
Year's Eve and
okay Courtney just sent me a Texas that
she's on her way so I've got my New
Year's sparkly shirt back on and it's
time to get the New Year's jams going oh
my gosh she wants to dance with you
Doosan up for hey so he looked at me I
got my facebook squirted all over the
mirror yeah
yes we will facetime okay you better
face to me this is the first time in ten
years
Thunder war came here is a hundred years
kiss from this guy very nice year era
alright I'm all set up for the girls to
come over and their Christmas gifts from
me on either side I've got board games
ready for the night thank you here's how
I served my dipping into it do you like
it
oh yeah sure so the robots going to play
Pictionary while the kids play food oh
what a phone pole it looks like she's
got with electricity on the screen mode
shoes mehmood's
no you're so close
we made that one and that one and that
one too and so blah blah so whoa huh
okay y'all while you meet your jello
tell me your new year's resolution
eating yellow you're gonna eat more
jello what's our new year's resolution
eating more yellow if your entire family
all of your family had to move to a new
country where would y'all pick Mike I
was short on hood I could just get on
the table
Courtney's got some skills here she's
gonna try this and I don't know if have
skills but I'm gonna break and had a lot
of opening we don't know how to do it
oh just time do I have presents hands
you have to turn it okay oh we got it we
got it I pulled out the can opener my
toast yeah it's not real wine you can
give me whole glass it's new this cute
oh dude Cheers what do you want - cheers
- okay yep still - sparkling grape juice
and they went down so sweetly like you
joining the party
blogging our New Year's resolutions
they're calling me I know are you ready
I'm gonna stop body shaming myself in
this new year I'm gonna love myself no
matter what hallelujah what I am going
to pick a name for my kids are your
brain blessed
okay so my new year's resolution is
about name-calling too close to love
better mainly specifically to show God's
love to my children better through the
way that I love them that is my new
year's resolution and there's a lot of
different things that come and go with
that so cheers to that
yes resolutions we want to know tell us
in the comments below and we are gonna
hold you - he's happy new year and don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
check it out answering me okay come here
seriously
