good morning guys we're off to st.
Augustine they found the car keys to our
bus where they found the keys at Dave in
the bananas like no they found it over
in there here's a law in the direction
of Walmart it was about a hundred
thousand square feet that they pointed
in so that the exact location is
undetermined Matt y'all play heads-up
with us Rachel oh boy
heads up you just got to describe the
word that I put on my forehead and I got
against it okay blockbuster movies so we
enter a neck you know too many I pick up
snakes in each of them there at the time
of perhaps in my city to black Trans Am
walk my dog go to that's left for their
lives on the beach he said he got
another and maybe put it bugs it sounds
like the name of his peers armed dragon
okay the name of his drum we're talkin
yes oh yeah yeah yes fun is really good
oh it's a bigger I wish I had let's tie
perverted causes here is B car
yeah we got it
you got eight of them all right
all these superstars
Oh Miley Cyrus I really load up its look
we follow the Raiders built a whole
elevator ha ha now let's get a picture
Rachel screws are okay sander why are
you wearing my bows all right you think
Oh Cho yeah Deb you got a new boat I
like it
thanks ray like it okay we just made the
st. Augustine guys the oldest continuing
city in America we're in the very
eastern side of America so is pretty
cool right along the Atlantic Ocean
vanish exploring lady oh yeah we're
gonna go see some of the forts this is
Matthew yo wants to be in the vlog he
wants us to sponsor our channel actually
I'm considering it he's considering
sponsoring our channel and get you guys
over to his Instagram account he's a big
Instagrammer go check him out guys
what's your Instagram account what
Matthew I matthew underscore key
underscore raider i'll put a link in the
description below just makes the cut
Matt where we going Matt the
commemorative Air Sam Turner fair where
he's gonna choke me what he's doing oh
wait about a tonne weirdest apartment in
this area here we need to move explore
this area all right can't do this for
too long okay cuz I got a party pooper
yeah I'm gonna do this all day take that
back
I'm a party pooper thank you can you
have choked me put your hands on my head
oh it made me crash look it's the guy
from Big O says you pay for a dog uh
rather now - creepy come on go there
we're going to espresso bar right now
great perfect UI Oh picture video
oh it's a video now there we go here we
go let's go sign in what are you a good
coffee girl okay what Jen I would like
an iPhone a of some sort okay wait what
did you wish what drop it drop it
look yay did you make a wish buddy you
wish for more cookies see the ladies
over here yes
you guys look good together very
fashionable anything good with you what
I don't like that wish at all damn I bet
Nana doesn't like you let's go see the
doggie see the big gold dog
he's chasing Atlas that's it cool keep
really big we got to get this guy dog
your doctor yeah he just loves to see
their tail wag wag wag wag walk dog
Seattle and some kids like no and then
they've hit some home were like yeah and
then they get close and oh yeah yeah oh
wait he chased this one down
I am so mindful paper marks his dog for
the first time because we guys sent me
and Logan have become pretty good
friends since she's been out here what
you guys talking about
about what
where you going to buy I just kept tears
in my eyes watching Sam and David talk
about fatherhood it is so cute buddies
they're talking about the right way to
hold a baby like me and Rachel we're
just going to stand him back to the side
she's talking now but it was they were
just having this conversation about
what's best for the baby after they eat
how to hold him up maybe he might be
here too much that's what we were
thinking uh I'm like it's good it's
going to come back for some sort of this
smell yeah we read that a piece is that
so cute right there's such dad oh I've
never seen them have this kind of
conversation together before it's so
cute you guys just having your little
fatherly conversation over there no what
is your dad Ian boys say just play with
me so we like a monkey give me a lot of
food so cute look at Avery with the
sucker guys we're not looking for
cleaning this up
you want the red ones of the round one
the red one good choice
hold onto the red one squeeze really
tight nothing gets in or out hold on
with both hands perfect Stephanie I'm
gonna take mine just like before I'm
going to take my one give it a little
wave with that little wave you'll see it
disappear from my hand and right there
here is open up your like an IKE
together again how did you do it
thank you very much sippy can I get a
round of applause for Arman a symphony
they all meet up right there the Boop Oh
Boop Oh
so cute what is he doing
you guys want to see what I got mom you
wanna see what I got Mike I got a
brand-new blowgun that that's gonna be
fun we could shoot darts or you can
shoot targets with it you can also shoot
people have little rubber ones a little
exploding cap Dart they shoot them at a
tree or a wall or something and then pop
it scary cool huh
I see you he blow at this side you load
it right here and then you blow right
here can I shoot Umberto say 25 for
everything there it is and it goes
inside here alright here we go
can't shoot you yeah I'll shoot the wall
right here
was cool I came back bounce right at me
over down you're not blowing hard enough
apples make caramel apples in that look
Abram good apples look at this dart I'm
not the shooting somebody
this actually has a metal spike on it
can you see it shipping I'm not sure oh
nothing that dirt that is in there hey
guys my name is hala oh I call a bad
girl okay
we're gonna get a picture what a
messenger discuss internal for the
bombing Rachel started gagging oh yeah
call the show anger gets severe
migraines to the point where he starts
vomiting this isn't the first time it's
happened before you guys get here
through much five times
whoo oh I'll get it oh look you made
some poor my puto let me see
I missed a different shade of brown in
there smash it
part should be gun that on the carpet
yeah Oh gross what are you guys doing
sir my hair like this oh you like don't
laugh about it I got the whole bottom
you guys need help no we got it what are
you guys looking at chips
what's that turn what did you see what a
tree did okay look he threw up in the
car and then I was waiting on
Stephanie's Oh gross Oh miss Abrams
isn't it
you think if they were yeah that's so
big for Abram now he's a big boy huh it
is all so what's the plan for tomorrow
guys I'm not really sure I think we
might go boating
excuse you what are you always punch the
viewers so rude all right guys well
we'll see you tomorrow tomorrow Matt not
gonna go do some urban photography and
some of the abandoned buildings around
here Lake City there's some really cool
buildings don't forget we love you
remember to love each other he's holding
a turd
you guys could fit just lay across here
I swear this like oh you gotta push it
back oh come on no no no okay three yes
sirree miss so here's a surprise guys
ever been on the elevator
this is pretty close to the heart
