Lemaitre guys were here 12:30 and we
finally made it Rachel he's pretty fussy
there's Rachel come on mama
I see the weird guy hey Sydney what I
tell you before we came here no hugging
Uncle David he already hugged me sub
that really what's up brother
you are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same heart
well
in this together all right guys here he
is mr. David Rader and David Rayner
Sam's brother Cody I'm a 32 now 32 Wow
today was our rich brother no we got to
tell you David story it's really awesome
he was unemployed right are we
unemployed for what we here are we
working I was in college I was in
college at the time and I was unemployed
what we working there or would you apart
from the last nine dollars an hour at a
warehouse okay he was working in a
warehouse and became unemployed and then
he started repairing cell phones right
yeah that's how it all started me and he
was walking he just offered people
friends and family to fix your cell
phone about 20 bucks and stuff yeah any
take testing market is that then you
started taking it to the flea market and
you got a huge a bunch of customers yeah
we got quite a few we still have a lot
of regular strong a flea market the
market yeah all this time later and so
now what do you have a large store now
we have our own store it's on 2,000
square feet okay no we're definitely go
check it out yeah um why are you buying
a sandwich here visiting Cole mania Nova
mania it's just awesomeness story so
cool he said something I don't usually
boys said there was a he went from
unemployed to pay employment tax yes
there are anyways yeah now I pay
unemployment tax
yeah informed Jackson hey unemployment
before I was collecting unemployment now
I'm actually paying unemployment every
every this is so awesome and I'll have
to give you guys a tour of his house
which is like amazing like this view out
here pull you that
oh you can't resist watch out there
he's got a beautiful house we'll talk
more David he's trying to run away
this is his wife Rachel and their baby
no uh the kilt I know he's nursing sorry
I got it John Madden wrong time she's
out here with the family nursing Rachel
how long have you and Ava been together
three years three years four if you
count our dating but we've been married
three years okay Rachel just showed up
all right you to it yeah Rachel's my
sister if you guys haven't met her yet
and what is your Langley you knew oh my
mom's here she's has her army she has
her own room here now that's our way so
for a week so that's cool yeah that's
Michael that Sam that's me Andrew look
how big Andrew looks he's a big baby
like yeah there's Rachel and there's
Matthew yes think Rachel looks like
Symphony people say she does yeah course
she does look at her face look good
David ready for the Raider bunch for
Christmas those are the Gumby fun
here's their this beautiful home is that
awesome hey you're here yeah all the way
back here wait I want to sit in the very
back we mom can dad even learned a lot
of needs in here I think there's room
for one person per row yeah that's a big
all my hair that is just too funny
Abram we going there's a Hummer that's
our bus or cell phone shop mobile mania
I'm not crazy that the living off of
cellphones think it's crazy there's Dave
putting this Sam thing for me a bro just
rivers most convenient very good yeah
it's a heavy
oh let you dump it there she's a cool
try forget the carseat situation I'm
just standing here watching driven a bus
before okay putting their David and
Rachel they got a couple employees here
who watch our blogs a couple family say
here it is guys thanks Matthew Matthew
works here too sometimes Global to the
manger oh brownie hello kitty
well she's part of that quick
she made a beeline to the Hello Kitty
Cassidy look at this cake I don't want a
new phone play let me love you should be
okay my stocking oh the perfect for you
I know so cute oh oh we've got Abram
sure buddy all right hold on one second
we're the special access cuz we're
family hahahaha
what do you rearranged huh this all
looks the same I can it was 16 if
there's a little work area Oh
as they do their cell phone repairs Matt
show us around buddy
you work here how long you been working
here just for a week just one week I
work up front
oh you don't do any repairs he's okay
you're good with customer service anyway
that's your strong point oh boy Oh
mom you're gonna start working here - oh
I just hang out with this should have
you like standing out front
like waving a sign he's got some
professional issues going on one of the
look at the case isn't a broken self
seat over here so as you can see they
sell cell phone cases but that's not all
they do here at millennia they also
repair phones like you saw they also
like set up customers with new phone
service I'm not sure what surface I
think there's one specific one what else
I do here is so anything mobile they fix
iPads I need to any kind of tablets
Matthew staying down here temporarily I
think for like two weeks but two weeks
just earn some extra money while he's
out of a job
he's he works temp jobs right now he
doesn't have worked some days getting
something to do okay let's if you
repairing the phone but yeah get a
picture personal Billy when we get a
video you go Symphony pry on that little
thing there yeah look so my parents II
see it makes it bigger Oh someone's on
hold who is it um can I help you girls
handling kidnapping no no no we're gonna
go girls ago can't leave there's nobody
why do you feel like you suddenly have
the word Mobile mania thanks for holding
here may I help you
she's trying to find out where our
phones not working what kind of phone do
you have ma'am Oh be careful city boy
what do you do it all these phones over
here iPods you just kind of fix those as
you have time yeah whatever
and all these tablets all these iPads
all these are just bags shows your
head-banging skills what happened
freaking is make me and she's about to
do drawing for the world's largest
Christmas you alcohol all right and the
winner open it
aha and the winner is hey David right
todrick Frank hajeck Frank's come on
back make me sell the best F&E you know
look at the customers joining us what
are you standing there are you doing
she's don't you she's so tiny
what did she do it she there - no not a
cartwheel she's got a prick huh little
why she doing that
so she she let it go let it go yeah you
do it
this little guy smells like such a
newborn he says I know it's so cute
noises like baby it's so tiny compared
to Abraham's crazy guys look up look up
big Abram is compared you always think
Abram is so small
hey buddy you so jealous April Korres go
play here come on let's go sissy
a broom come on so yeah that's my
brother store we're about to go to the
mall now as you can see my brother's
doing very well with the store
this way this way oh nothing goes kind
of fast
he had preached the gas pedal no you
can't go this way you gotta stay on this
side he smashes nose they've never gonna
race the Rhino versus the horse
come on Sammy you got it okay
Oh
and the horsey is in for the win
she wants to say that with everything
I'm trying out hair straighteners and
curling one and she showed me how to use
this curling oh wow that's good so this
is the curling one side and this is the
straightener side I've lost my hair
straightener he went to LA and I'm
trying them out there's this cute little
red one here I'm thinking about it I
don't know we'll see what do you think
Rach let me see which side I like better
I don't know this is my Christmas gift
from Sam you wanted to get me a new
iPhone 6 and I'm like no thank you it's
too big for my hands
beautiful straightener of the wand okay
so I think Sam's gonna get me the
strainer and the curling barrel thing
but that guy was like okay there
buy-one-get-one-free it's 300 for both
and I was like what happened $300 on a
hair products that's ridiculous to me
and he was like well what were you
wanting to finish I told him I was
thinking 120 if I was getting both and
he goes okay well I'll do both for 150
after taxes 160 I don't know I just feel
like should I even get it after he was
so dishonest about it come on my little
shopping partner let's go shopping
in case you're wondering where the rest
of the crew was that we all split up
half of the siblings went to this side
of the mall the other half went this way
Nana and symfony are on the playground
hey and their workers are looking at me
like a baby what do you go buddy the
buckle worker gave Abram I choo-choo
train oh and he's ah that was so nice
for that Thomas oh yeah Thomas that's
how he says baby mama this is baby yeah
I don't know why he's confused
mm it's a baby oh yeah know what's wrong
baby
these are sleeping a lot hungry oh my
gosh he's so cute Wow look at him go
this thing's pretty steep got a little
muck time on her hands he's got this we
is so brave so today's been really good
reconnecting with David and Rachel and
my mom and Matthew and Andrew it's been
awesome having a whole family together
tomorrow's gonna be really fun we're
gonna do some I guess some Christmas
lights we are so tired you guys were
running on like zero sleep and even
Abram he has not had one nap at all
today and he didn't see very well s and
he was up every two hours so it should
be interesting
I'm really sleepy entered in face to
face Wow Shutterfly brow
alright guys well that's going to be an
exciting week we're also going boating
it's supposed to be 80 degrees on Sunday
alright guys well we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget we love you guys and
remember to love each other ah
see you all tomorrow Merry Christmas
we can't make it
but then mister
we shall jump
and mister
