this is it he's already go on his trip
guys you are my sister made by the same
guy loved by the same
not to live
got to give love
well
and this together I'm just cleaning out
the car and look what I happen to notice
in here this little guy me yeah you
yes happy notes you I was cleaning out
the car when I'm so ready he's so ready
we're not leaving for a couple hours
somebody took your seat for a trip to
Florida you're gonna want to see this
who took your seat everybody
yeah sit up on the shelf that's my feet
up on a shelf at a symphony seat you are
not coming with this creepy little doll
you are coming with us so I got home
from work at around 8 a.m. got to get
about three hours of sleep but just woke
about 30 minutes ago so I think I'm
gonna go it's 2:30 it's a lot later than
I planned on leaving for the trip but
what can t do it's go time
Andres playing outside with the kids
keeping them entertained mommy and daddy
load the car
do you guys notice that Sam has the same
travel outfit have you guys begin to
notice that he wears that outfit when we
travel we got two beautiful Christmas
cards in the mail from aunt Stephanie
and then also from a viewer and I'm
gonna hang them up and they'll be here
right when we get home waiting for us
look at all the cute cars we got this
year and I know there are some more on
our p.o box guys let's go to Florida
where to go to Florida uh-huh
already eating snacks baby sleep this is
uncle Andrew and you better not keep my
seat man what I have to get a little
napping before I start driving tonight
both available take a nap we'll see what
happens we're officially on the road
13 hours 8 minutes left that means we're
not almost there he's exhausted already
Louisiana that I know of
it's so cute here there's like you're
curious well guys it apartment on your
order cute here with all the casinos it
was so the line they're like you know
flashing around the signs and stuff oh
cool we don't and ER we doing gay can't
have it sorry one day you'll learn how
to blog just not today
I'm picking up a pillow as you can see
daddy I'm not sleeping comfortably at
all it just don't cool this tattoo Rose
we're Louisiana but that doesn't mean
we're very far because we're right
outside of you doing Google woman
driving for three hours how do you look
at me like that like I could speed it up
and go faster something looks like three
hours we've already had two stops listen
guys I'm going off doing a great job I'm
going off on I mean three hours of sleep
for like three nights in a row and I'm
Tara had to get a coffee then I drank
the whole coffee it was this big
a documentary okay so let's see man
Abram are just walking by in this gas
station and look at Abram he's so cute
guys we are in Mississippi now and I've
been driving since 5:00 p.m. and it is
now 11 p.m. and me and dad we're finally
gonna trade except he's in the gas
station getting some snacks and drinks I
don't know what all just I guess just
stuff to keep him awake it's been gone
really smooth though when we stop this
time for a little potty break Abram woke
up and was pretty inconsolable
other than that though it's been really
smooth we've made a few stops we've
stopped this is our this is our third
stop so for some reason the boys think
that that's a lot but I don't think it's
that much there's five of us in here two
girls and I don't know I'm I'm the one
driving so I have to be comfortable
while I was driving so anyways I don't
know where are we heading next driver
where we honey what did you get symphony
in my G oh you did yes what I got
what did you get into these girl flamin
hot popcorn claiming ha I'm noting and I
found my stack here turn extremes me
go down
Oh
every ready didn't you see buddy oh he
fighting these nothing to hit the road
Jack come back now it's 11 o'clock and
it's time for me to drive he said I was
snoring for some reason I just do not
believe that I don't ever snore except
when I'm in a position like this it's
true he did this is were right right now
right in the big toe of Louisiana okay
we went to Mississippi right here and I
came back down into back in Louisiana I
were about to go back into Mississippi
and I'm not very short trip through
Alabama right here and then we're
getting all the way here to like city
like city for those of you who don't
actually know where we're going right
now we're actually on our way to my
older brother's house he's my second
oldest brother his name is David and yes
he is my brother that's why I came here
but yeah his name is David he moved out
to Florida I don't know how long ago
it's been a long time I first I was a
little bit hesitant on taking this trip
out to Florida to see him for Christmas
and spent a week with him because we're
not very close in fact I think it's more
of the opposite we're not close at all
in fact a pretty distant I'm hoping this
little this trip will bring us close
together because I don't want to have
that distance between anybody in my
family especially my immediate family so
this is kind of a trip for Christmas and
a vacation for the family but it's also
an effort to salvage that relationship
with David I'm kind of bummed that
Michaels not gonna be there my twin
brother he's in Hawaii he said you can
afford to come out and other reasons but
um I'm really bummed about the
everybody's gonna be done the whole
family including my dad you guys get to
meet my dad this is gonna be crazy
I'm sure except me payphone 90 with the
payphone symphony
that's like our cell phone that's how
people used to make their phone calls
please enough to walk around and look
for one of these things and pay a
quarter to make a phone call
is that cool Oh
raise the net summer and then he of
course he lost eSports
one with its bark for our second busy
city together
like a drop of
it's drawn on the Snickers Timmy get the
stickers we are now affordably have
three and a half four three and a half
hours ago this little guys excited about
it as you can see and we're getting a
soggy start to the Sunshine State so
pulling rain since we've been here in
Florida yesterday's vlog is going to
merge into today's vlog so this is like
today you guys are going to watch the
same day vlog because it is now six am
going to go and head in yesterday's vlog
right now pick up on today's vlog a
little bit so thanks for coming along
with us today guys so bad I didn't
exactly deck for the weather that I'm
feeling
it's really humid it's humid I prefer
we'll introduce you guys to my family
tomorrow in the meantime don't forget we
love you
you can't make it
and this together
we shall just
for MST
