we're home the guys are home while true
is good job baby
it comes timber and it goes straight to
remember good morning guys
how are you hey temps we are getting
ready to go to church Sam and Abram are
still in Oklahoma
hell we may be back by this morning but
it didn't happen today is family for
Sunday and I want to show you guys what
I packed for Julia and Symphony to use
during the service because they're
staying in big church with me today
books puzzles little toys such as this
and I think I've got like yeah like a
toy banana and crayons for her coloring
book we've been doing this family verse
anything in our church now for like
probably more like four or five months I
personally really love it I think it is
so good for children to learn how to sit
in big church that's something I grew up
doing it wasn't something I learned
really I mean I guess I eventually
learned it but I don't remember learning
it because I did it since I was an
infant I think it is actually so awesome
that the kids are actually learning and
absorbing knowledge versus just sitting
next to me playing yes I know well when
I first thought Juliet's talking that's
what I was thinking and I was like well
just let this be symphonies cuz it's
pretty but then we decided to switch the
fur to Juliet because it's a bunny so I
think that candle is all gone don't you
my guys are home the busyness doesn't
stop we're going to a birthday party we
have a friend over can you guys guess
what it is it's a friend from school
running into me hey hey it's bright in
how'd you get here today today I came
over by my scooter I wanted to see if
Stephanie could play because no one was
over at my grandma's house
I get so do you live around here yeah
right now missed me
I didn't even know you live that coming
to us well I'm glad you came over he's a
good kid I missed you so much little guy
yesterday I wanted to cry because I was
so sad without my buddy and daddy
hashtag not interested we have a
reindeer daddy hasn't seen Jules yet she
hasn't seen daddy yet
phrasal dirty she's been playing outside
she wants to kiss you
hmm JC's birthday party happy birthday
boy
good job baby
what's up about cheese actually
jokes breaks no yeah
yeah
some guys we are here at no no the Home
Depot we're doing things extra classy
this year and getting our Christmas tree
I look so sad she's so sticky it's like
the wife is ripping on the perps skin
alright guys this is the Christmas tree
selection we're going to cut it down
ourselves this is it
which one should we cut we're going to
have my cut there's so many to choose
from
I kind of want to peel it one miss no no
I mean me too
come on guys which one you want me to
cut down adorable all right I'm cutting
it now that comes timber what is it it's
not a real saw you gotta keep this woman
is we're here for a Christmas tree look
at that Christmas tree pretty dumb
actually everyone into the forest buddy
I'm gonna pick out a Christmas tree I'll
be right back
oh man it's really tight in there lots
of pretty Christmas trees in here oh
he's a prisoner under the Christmas tree
hi little present you want to feel it
killed a Christmas tree do you like that
Christmas tree oh wow it's so sharp huh
okay laid you've yet here look who's
that what's on our pants
haha and it goes straight to your mouth
that's the one I want right there going
great in the living room I'm in the
woods you want a white one right Abram I
told you to remind me to bring mommy
flowers home this is the one you're
looking at six and a half we can do thin
for a small living room I think we
should do it so kids what do you think
is it perfect for what
have you been naughty or nice that's
what she's trying to say $69 it's gonna
fall off
was to come to the day guys did it go
comment of the day goes to Hanna solely
er I've had a bit of a stressful and
frustrating day God knew simply story
was exactly what I needed to hear to
have a good laugh thank you for sharing
you're welcome Hannah and thanks for
watching thanks for joining us say guys
Abram and I got back from Oklahoma today
we decided come back cuz we all miss
each other too much so well could you
guys tomorrow
there's the drawing us today don't
forget we loved you and Anna number two
love each other and our little Christmas
tree
your very first leotard by the way
