my brother you are my sis
made by the same guy loved by the same
heart
not to live mom
if
and this together the whole time I was
sleeping last night you slept with your
eyes open the whole Turing daddy how did
you manage that and how do you know your
eyes were open hey think my boy okay
what makes you think that though Ricky
this is a well I you dated your parents
I'm a charge able to spring me in a
nursery we have Adventist worry and I'm
here without Sam you work blocks on your
works tonight let me just say the kids
have been like less than cooperative
this morning it has been crazy these
kids mornings when you feel like I
should even like be in church just my
attitude I'm trying to change I have a
pimp's morning practicing a little card
it's just
as we prepare our hearts to celebrate
the coming of our Savior and anticipate
us return as Christ the King
we remember Christ as our hope
Philippians 4:4 rejoice in the Lord
always I will say again wait joy this
night but to us a child is born to us a
son is given the government will be on
his shoulders we will call him wonderful
counsel so we just got back from church
and this is the first time I've gone
without Sam in a while as you saw
earlier I was pretty frazzled before you
went to church but I actually left
really at ease and just like with peace
in my heart I've had this question for
God for probably like two months now and
today during the sermon I it was just
completely revealed to me the answer to
my question and it's just amazing the
little things like that happen here's a
little snippet from today's sermon shake
things up all up so that you really
see what's on a firm foundation see how
he's talking about just like needing to
be shaken up we need to need God and you
know I just I completely realize why
there's a certain factor in my life that
I have and I just up until today have
felt a little confused about this one
little area of my life and why I just
cannot quite seem to get a handle on it
or to find like total peace in this area
and today it was revealed to me that
that's why God wants me to be shaken up
for him I am to remain at this constant
need for his presence that I'm never
just sitting and satisfied with where
I'm at with God in my life and I'm so so
thankful for this morning it was just a
blessing and it's just amazing when God
reveals himself to you he was really
like cool coming
bring it on you can play this hey you
guys naptime let's go no night Symphony
why do we have this iPad because manor
that Florida oh that's right Sharon has
this iPad and she left it for Symphony
to have does it make you miss Nana seen
her iPad hmm we're gonna see her in two
days
yeah I suppose when she left Symphony
like a reminder of herself and this is
something that they do together like
when Sharon reads her Bible Symphony
plays on this iPad next her and they
like College other roommates and
something that it's really sweet that
she has this reminder of her but I also
especially like it because Sharon had
roles attached to it when she gave it to
her she couldn't be in Sam first then
she was like so Symphony you can have
this iPad and it can stay in your room
but you cannot play with it when it's
time to go to bed and you cannot play
with it unless mommy or daddy tell you
that you can this will put on the
outside of it just a friendly little tip
to all of you moms out there I had some
chickens set out for our dinner tonight
and then when I went to go cook it it
was like nine days past the sell-by date
I never let that happen I know what
happened but so I had some tilapia
frozen in the back of the freezer and so
that's my tip always have a back-up meet
frozen in the freezer that you can cook
for for emergencies like this Sam goes
to work in like two hours and I was like
racking my brains I'm like what am I
gonna make for dinner so we're gonna
have Chinese crusted tilapia something
like that well let me tell you guys
about a couple patients I had it so it
was really fun
two really interesting cases that happen
me last night I don't think I've ever
had happen to me before first I gave
this got two shots one injection and
each gluteus maximus after each shot
when I pull the needle out blood squirt
it out of his butt cheek it was
hilarious was like what the heck is
going on the blood was just squirting
out of a hole
I was only 22 gage you know from a
22-gauge needle was that tiny they're
just the squirting out blood like whoa I
did like jump back I've never had that
happen to me before giving an iamb
injection and then like right after that
I gave another girl a shot and her
boo-hiney and she was there whatever the
matter why she was there but I give her
a shot and she was so terrified of the
needle when I went to go to the shot you
actually passed out
it will pass out but not from a needle
I'm she was freaking out she was okay I
mean she turned over and gave it a shock
like oh it's like after I gave the shot
she passed out she was like blacked out
this went like this hopefully I won't
have any strange buttocks injections
tonight but um - we don't know how the
whole time I was talking to you guys you
didn't tell me yeah that's it Laura
we just finished bath time and symfony
husband doing the cutest thing I taught
her how to like flip her hair back after
she washes it watch whoops she's already
getting started go hahaha why do you
like doing it so much and symfony I
can't believe we're putting all these
things away
me and my pudding dish that shirts in
here too
um yeah you can start putting some
shirts in there just some of them though
I'm sending all these clothes to my
sister-in-law Rachel for baby Noah we're
gonna be meeting for the first time
tomorrow I'm so excited it's so cute
though like all these little outfits
that Abram wore it's so sweet like
watching the me like a man in 1672 I
hire toy gun in there like like his
first little fourth of July mommy's
little firecracker his little baby shoe
that's so cute I get so sentimental when
I'm going through stuff like this so
basically what I'm doing I've got um two
huge boxes full and basically what I'm
trying to do is get them all like level
on the top so that we can pack them and
stack them on top of each other in the
car these are a few of my favorites that
I came across I just thought I'd show
you guys look how cute abran was so tiny
it I was able to completely knock out
one of the other boxes by just kind of
reorganizing it in these two boxes and
so bye-bye Baby Abram clothes are so
cute look at this little hat you guys
but it's worth it I'm my they're going
to somebody in the family and I'm
honestly kind of glad to get rid of
these two huge boxes they've been taking
up all of Abraham's closet space on the
bottom half so yay for that okay guys
it's that time again I have got all of
our stuff ready to pack like socks over
here the kids clothes plus some of our
symphonies for sure pile over there guys
I just made a snack I need some
refueling it's 11 o'clock at night I've
still got to do all of the packing there
are a few Christmas gifts that I still
need to wrap and I need to show you guys
something hold on one sec after watching
back the video I made about the
stockings last night I realized I left
out like the most important thing ever
candy make sure you put candy and your
stockings guys duh candy okay so the
packing is practically done I did it I
managed to get me a room and Sam's stuff
all in one suitcase and Symphony's is
back here in that suitcase I've got a
little travel kit for crafts and stuff
for the road we have a big day tomorrow
I'm excited so come back tomorrow and
you'll be in Florida with us whoa Merry
Christmas you guys we'll see you all in
tomorrow's vlog bye
No
but then nest
