so we have our neighbor's car so what
did happen I have no idea I was trying
to I'll see you know it's down oh gosh
nobody was in there oh my gosh it's
horrible in there right now
you can say robust ringing Santa
as for me Holloway Babu come on let's go
see Bebo and pop off about the leaves
need some shoes buddy you ready go see
Bebe's getting lost on Hobby Bob hey
since vivos been recovering from a knee
surgery we had to do the makeshift
Christmas tree see the poinsettias over
there
that's our makeshift Christmas tree is
the presence accordingly around it
well niet Mars the Christmas tree over
there I meant Mary's pictures of her in
high school whose knee in high school
and she took color guard this is my
little cousin Josh I was nine when he
was born he was the first little baby in
my life and I think Abraham's gonna end
up looking a little bit like that when
he's older - the ears he has his dad's
ears but they just have similar features
that come from my dad's side of the
family
focus I only heard from home what do you
guys think I think that they might
resemble a little bit Oh push your
button sugar show
Wow what did you give oh it's an on a
Barbie what do you say to bebo thank you
right up you have God you have to owe
both our hands there what you leave it
in the bucket would like a lot longer if
you issue yeah me oh oh there's a lot of
presence in this bag for mommy sit dear
Papa said he's seen you're supposed to
leave on inside of the box
that's a purposes you get a little
emotional
yeah not okay look these are for the
frigerator and emotional 306 like a
calendar I'm open my present now
so offer you a new pen nice has a really
nice grip on it and the group is letters
that say the man who walks with God
always gets to his destination now how
cool such a great reminder for when I'm
taking the foot from the EMS that's what
I'm using my pen most look what I got a
copy but you guys know how about my
common sense first of all it's really
pretty and then it says God answers all
prayers sometimes it says yes sometimes
he says no and sometimes because you've
got to be kidding it so cute the frozen
blanket open it up blasty laughs hi
I see you buddy hmm if any look at it
it's Kristoff Elsa Anna hello
mommy oh hey what your new car park
Oh get him on there buddy
put him right there put him right there
watch watch the car watch the car go you
try what happen a boy give you toys I
got so many cars tivity wreck your new
rug there's a magic kitchen you don't
have to be at me I'm not afraid please
don't shut me out again please don't
slam the door
we don't have to keep our distance I
can't play frozen with you well maybe my
walkman we're just yeah all right look
at all the spoils that my parents gave
the kids okay can I just say something
crazy that light is crazy
good morning daddy he's on his third
nerve of the day oh look at this Elmo
ball you guys hey really cute Abram
where's Elmo you're I'm a boy
well Moe mama Elmo does everything this
name Kevin to you guys for a minute
yesterday it was a bad day for me
because I had a horrible sleep schedule
I slept
Nia went out with kids the
chuck-e-cheese and we're there while
they were I took your cheese I pretty
much slept the whole time so it came
time to go to bed last night
I couldn't sleep of course I was up all
night long watching that dance ember and
making our vlog and this and that
whatever I should have slept all day
really what should have happened but it
didn't happen so ty is gonna be a really
rough night for me and I just wanted to
share that with you guys maybe you can
show a little bit of empathy sympathy
human empathy hey guys I'm just putting
stuff away from today that's my cute
little mug opal we have a coffee in here
in a little bit
I love pretty to see you oh god she was
a cute stuff in wintertime and summer
and spring of course just something
special but winter here
I guess is to smuggle that sweater on
video
Oh strings that your lips my mom got for
me last year for Christmas how are it oh
thank you hey guys I'm just doing my
stocking filling we're leaving for
Florida on Monday early so I'm finishing
up all the wrapping of the gifts and the
filling of the stockings and in case
you've missed some of our previous vlogs
I am the primary stocking stuffer of our
family I love love love doing it but
there's a lot of us Sam is one of six
siblings plus his parents plus my
parents now we have two kids his
brothers have kids and there's just a
ton of stockings to fill so there's one
thing I've learned out men especially
the men in our family is that they hate
shopping so get them some necessities so
that they don't have to go as often
during the winter season one fun thing
that I came across a few years back is
poo pourri
have you guys heard of that I did a
different brand this time it's called
toodaloo step one shake well then spritz
three or four times into the toilet bowl
water before going number two step two
wait a second for sciency stuff to
happen
step three say goodbye to odor and
embarrassment whoopee cushions how fun
we are gonna have some awesome crazy fun
going on obviously wallets are a big hit
with guys because I think for most men
they don't buy themselves wallets for
the most part I think that someone like
their mom or maybe their girlfriend
might get them a wallet one day and they
use it for like years and years and
years and then it's all worn out and
beaten down so it's always nice to have
a new option in their stocking who
doesn't like fun games at Christmastime
you could pull it right out of the
stocking and start playing with everyone
around you this is going in one of my
sister-in-law stocking it's a set it's
not just random stuff although sometimes
I do use random stuff first of all women
love lotion and soap in general I got
all kinds a little goodies from DICOM
this particular goodie is a boot cuff so
you wear it around your ankle above your
boots and it just adds a little bit of
flare and layer to your outfit
lip balm isn't necessity for all girls
none of us really like spending the
money on the more expensive stuff I know
that like I tend to buy like the 98 cent
tube of chapstick but this is my
favorite and it's three dollars another
really it
of ideas that women love our smelly good
stuff for their home I've got Eric over
here and essential oils over here
I'm really trying to be selective as to
what I show you I know that my
sister-in-law recently has gotten into
photography a camera bobby pin like how
cute this is this is it focus on it look
how cute that is guys and she loves to
do cute little hair cells with her hair
I mean I would just like pin it up like
that but I found these little journals
on Jane comm and they had all kinds of
different themes for the journals so
this one is called my bucket list 2015
and I did get a couple for Sam's
siblings and I just think it's really
fun we have a creative family and so
this is just kind of like me showing an
interest in what their passions are and
then one little thing that I think is
really good for like moms and their
stockings but I didn't just give this to
the moms it's this little empty soap
container with a decal on it and it says
Psalms 24 4 and 5 he that hath clean
hands and a pure heart shall receive
blessings from the Lord and
righteousness from the god of his
salvation so what do you guys do for
stockings when it comes to adults do you
guys have a big family do you feel
stockings for all of your siblings or is
it mainly just you and your spouse I'd
love to hear what your stocking stuffer
experience is because it's such a big
part of my life at this time of the year
I spend a lot of time shopping wrapping
planning making lists making sure that
everyone has a full stocking so I just
thought that I would show that with you
guys in case any of you struggle with
the same things that I do trying to make
it fun interesting and new each
Christmas while also being frugal at the
same time well guys the Christmas spirit
just could not be more alive here in the
Rayder house so one more little secret
before I say goodnight today I got Sam a
Christmas gift and it is going to be so
cute when he unwraps it I cannot wait
for you guys to see it and hear all of
your reactions because I think it's
gonna be a lot of squealing from that
side of the camera all right guys well
thanks for coming along with us today we
hope you've all had a really awesome day
we will see you all on tomorrow's vlog
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
