okay we're on guys oh my gosh how
awesome I thought you guys winning
coming up tomorrow
by the same guy loved by the same
to live
got to give
in this together oh my gosh you guys
like the first Christmas gift of the
year and look who it's from baby
choo-choo wait to dive into this but
first we have a little get-together with
some friends at church we're gonna be
doing a little Christmas dinner and so
you guys stay tuned we have to get to
that I can't dive into what's in here
yet but I cannot wait it feels fun and
heavy we're at Chuck E Cheese
birthday festivities is never
interesting so we are gonna go have some
hardcore playtime and let me tell you
like even the grown-ups you like to play
too
this is me you guys are has stretchy
team lost a lot of weight they used to
be so chubby
seriously you remember that
we're gonna be leaving here and look at
I have to go home I need to be home
around 2:30 2:45 is just me and Sam are
doing a live broadcast for the in cember
with Judy and Benji from its Judy life
fighting is that I cannot wait
hi guys welcome home I got something for
symphony this is a surprise but it's
actually from Sally the neighbor I told
her to stay in the room so exit
presently and we got old sometime say we
did dashing through the snow on a
one-horse open sleigh o'er the fields we
go laughing all the way
oh there you go it's a sleigh made of
candy Sally made that for you
like cool not only didn't have to paint
not telling you had a bit of eating and
all before you got home oh my gosh
because this candy has become like it is
so good I came in a magic Christmas
without it now
is there a meeting it - what are you
eating too much in there look how pretty
they have a true set up guys do this
it's so beautiful
all decked out Christmas this is
supposed to be a Christmas party and
you're trying to Barbie
Church it's supposed to be like a
special dinner to some of the indigent
families in there you look particularly
cute in it this outfit your blazer
Brisas 11.50 chilled this is the host of
the party you did a great job who's the
host Oh Danny this is the this is our
guy
this is Dan he's the host hostess with
the mostess okay I can do it are you
sure I can do 200 okay we're just here
just kind of throwing a celebration for
everything that Jesus system of forsen
is who he is what do you need to us so
we usually you know celebrate Christmas
and Jesus in our own individual families
but we just want to do that and it's a
greater bigger family of Christ's
the would have a delicious drink this
table looks pretty amazing over here
there's the main table
would you get Casey I think is that all
for you you must be hungry
home from the Christmas party simply
doing your damper you got a church with
stuff fun bigger and all red shirts
friends and family and now it's me -
seventh generation baby diapers size 5
April we'll be getting some big news out
of the awesome these are awesome because
they have the characters on them which
we can love being a ball healthy and
organic
I like piggy bars sure we got some
coconut oil new type of coconut oil this
is awesome what is that for honey
well virgin coconut oil well you can
cook with it but I don't cook with it
because Sam overhears a little bit
picking coconut this is awesome not for
your children's skin if they have
sensitive skin that's good a drink too
isn't it you had yeah you could put it
in smoothies awesome car okay guys so
that's just a few of the exciting things
that we were sent in our little healthy
bundle today so to see the rest of the
items in our care package go over to the
baby lee channel subscribe watch their
unboxing and enter to win a free gift
card to the thrive market calm they have
all healthy organic products and I know
that as a mom I love getting free stuff
that's healthy and good for your kids
because it's more expensive the
healthier it is the more money it cost
so who doesn't love free at
Christmastime that was good that was
really good squeeze her she did a good
job too but the squeezer was really good
knee and IRA groom done in approximately
ten minutes I'm nervous and I can't
believe I'm about to drink coffee to it
well I'm nervous it's not a good mixture
for me here we go
see what happens when I press two and
I'm really sure what's going to happen
we didn't see you guys hi hello hi gang
how do we make you big I said let me
know when we're switch
I know insane oh my gosh yeah thanks for
the you might be a chair she's kind of
joined on this this is too fun Symphony
yeah you sleeping they blog but what
their better known for is doing rosin 30
song from their car and their little
girl in there you are so cute
we're about to perform our lip-sync live
for benji and judy basically in total
that was up for this yeah we got the
outfits and everything so we're gonna
perform it live but we can't hear judy
right now we're trying to song okay
crazy
well loves it we just hang out with them
now so much fun oh my gosh I was so
dance with them we can't hear the music
they said they're playing some salsa
music but could you guys we broke it
down where do you guys look yeah we're
anything to guys watching us what else
miss me I know you've never bit live on
the Internet forever is like a hangout
thing that was amazing and the fact that
it was Judy and Benji like so yesterday
guys we asked you what you guys thought
in the music video and so we'll tell you
guys what we think now I think it was
really fun but just to be real honest
about it
aside from it being fun and we had an
amazing experience I feel like it just
wasn't as professional as I thought it
was gonna be yeah I have to agree a
little bit just because Ian has really
like creative and like deep his videos
have a lot of depth to them and I felt
like the idea that he presented to us
like just wasn't like super deep on the
video I can't imagine that he probably
feels that way too looking at it I just
feel like the video wasn't up to par
with his other work it doesn't look like
his other word it was really good but I
was expecting it to look like his his
previous work but how many times I say
work alright guys we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other and Merry Christmas it's
time to start say Merry Christmas all of
you guys I love Christmas
side assistant lost my keys in the car
oh my gosh I don't
