look at my little helper this morning
guys got an extra little visitor he's
gonna go to the nursing home with us so
he came and welcomed me up bright and
early this morning so we're getting some
breakfast ready we've been already doing
some crafts what did you do this morning
punch some holes in paper take it
adjustable she's not in the cooking mood
good morning cutie I think daddy's home
go into the table Sam's home the kids
are gonna scare them let's see how this
goes oh hey welcome home just fog in I'm
so proud just walking around just
enjoying my time even crying to stay
here wow that's really pretty
leave it it's just like a peacock this
is really exciting for me I had to grab
the camera so I can show you guys it to
our bag I got me when I'm gonna do it ya
know I just do it at the same time I
wouldn't tell my differently okay but
I'm gonna do it first
okay finishers you were almost done
indeed and in Jesus name
okay your turn your God bless the
sinners ah I'm messing up dear God thank
you for all the food
thank you for out the linen and good bye
baby
hey morning everyone's almost done
eating you know it's my turn oh my
head's killing we're all ready to
go to the nursing home I've got little
candy cane necklaces for the kiddos to
wear let me see your symphony that looks
great hey not yet we're gonna eat those
after we sing to everyone and these are
what you guys are gonna be handing out
to the people in the nursing home
they've got little scriptures attached
to them do not be overcome by evil but
overcome evil with good Romans 12:21 I
was hoping to have like a Christmas
theme for the tags that are on this but
they're just regular mercies I'm sure
that's gonna be pretty difficult to read
for an elderly person I got really gave
me candy canes - its dum-dum flavored I
wish I could have one I'm gonna share
Abraham's that's what I'll do
are you guys ready look at the Christmas
kids okay you need to go in your bedroom
and get your a red jacket Abrams show me
your Christmas outfit elf crossing we
need to get him more Christmas shirt
it's like his one and only I love making
spirits bright you ride and sing a
sleighing song tonight hey jingle bell
well we are at chick-fil-a now about to
get some lunch and I did not get to vlog
very much of the little performance they
did because had a big meltdown and it
was kind of stressful for me because
Abram wouldn't let me put him down that
caused Symphony to kind of start whining
if she did good though while we were in
the place but so we were there for about
25 minutes we sang like six or seven
songs then they could just passed out
the candy canes and gave the elderly
people hugs and said Merry Christmas
guys you gotta see Abraham's outfit
y'all see that
he poured the water out on him this is
first time I don't think he's a huge fan
it's like he wants to be a fan but he's
not loving it okay can I just say
something crazy of crazy all my life has
been a series of doors in my face and
maybe it's not
you marry me should I see something even
crazier yes so they could do their own
lipstick to it
Stephanie's like when we were up we're
really gonna lip sync to that good
teamwork guys
that has a great art what did you guys
think of being in the nursing home today
seeing the older people good it was good
but not very good why wasn't it very
good Caillou didn't let me see my son I
didn't know you really wanted to sing
that song Cuffy the other kids didn't
know it we understand one that everybody
knew sing it for me real quick see you
don't know the rest of it if we started
singing it and you were the only one
singing we would have been we would have
been done nobody would have known it
girls night cream eat when I was
pregnant to eat okay I'll make it better
I crave dirt when I was quick Hika okay
having people better guess it's true I
crave dirt
we're doing this and we're gonna go to
painting with a twist and paint the
Christmas tree okay you're just not your
yes has a role sandy wants to sit by
herself and she doesn't want us to know
it you look so cute
hey how's it going I was on the phone
for an hour with those Katie had a rough
day at work ethic yeah me Katie gun
would not think this tiny person is
about to devour that gonna happen
painting with a twist Tinsel's here
y'all there's our canvases - oh they do
have a bird this is our team while you
guys my buddies here really oh and she
has strep
some except rather I mean everything
with you might leave you just hang in
there it's really really simple really
like country or is it a little step one
we had to draw the square it's a lot
harder than it might seem
look at this square ladies really good
at this she's gonna nuts cool us it's
what she's got it going on and you look
so confused
alright here's where I'm at so far you
see where the girls are how's it going
oh good sandy very cute
- how much darker than their so I get
from over here ours look the same
all right this is where a guys working
in the last couple turns up into these
classes I was like ooh while I did it
Oh Sammy
see you would wipe your brush off in the
shape of a bar there's keyboard
we're gonna have to like middle-aged
they're all like shaking it
the space
this is how our hashtag is more my god
she doesn't hate my handwriting this is
so annoying and it's all my gravitating
to the left yeah right your eyes she's
just saying that look how good news
looks it's so even oh what and perfectly
even look well I just made my really fat
this is where we're at now we have
turned it into a polka-dotted brain
ornament tsch candy I like your ways I'm
like weird yep this going down Oh Katie
your little hook thing is so cute oh my
gosh like how much personality her hook
has that is so cute I don't have to look
at my painting to make sure it looks
good that's pretty cute though we're not
done yet but so much fun you guys it's
been two years and I'll end this
together - that's too long we should do
it again next month like so cute profess
to be weird if you guys have never done
painting on this way I highly recommend
especially for all very very laid-back
and free in here you can mess up it can
look kind of crappy but then also look
amazing at the same time I've been
thinking I wanted their video yeah don't
forget guys and remember to love each
other yeah
he shouts
like this everybody like here's a to
 your painting
