symphonie what are we gonna do look how
cute it's all decorated I didn't bring
her leotard that she's supposed to wear
in the recital first recital not on the
right clothes crazy luckily there
hopefully
to give
in this together
good morning little me whoa that is one
bulging diaper what is inside of your
pants buddy do you have a ball in your
pants good morning good morning Tiffany
hey don't baby oh look at the morning
hugs John worth of Elf on the Shelf oh
really
yeah he we almost got him those two John
Wright who's up on the shelf I think she
might be in the kitchen somewhere what's
she doing in your chair she's eating her
doughnut elf on the shelf
those are sissy's doughnut you can take
your doughnuts back up on the Shelf is
so silly
except me just had this genius idea of
eating my blueberries with the blueberry
doughnut that about she didn't know I
bought a blue berry Dona today
blueberry doughnut with blueberries
sounds really interesting I can't really
put the blueberry on top of the devil
for the world balance on top so I'm just
going to eat the blueberry and take a
bite at the blueberry Donna
mmm knee is still sleeping and
understant been a little bit longer
today I still feel good the kids are up
she's in bed so all kind of worked out
in her favor so I'm just kind of going
with it
we're playing outside so that I can take
pictures of the wreaths I'm sending out
today that's right I have another
shipment to make today and it's
the last one for Christmas I'll still
continue to work on orders but today is
the last actual shipment day for me
here's this one isn't that pretty
got a shabby went over here the kids are
like at the age where they can like
argue over toys and drinks and stuff
like that and they totally do it
sometimes there's my little helper she
keeps bringing me things outside I never
worked like this where I'm outside doing
it while the kids are away I tend to
always do my work when the kids are
asleep and but today I have to get this
done and go to the post office so I've
got to just do it taste they're playing
outside I'm working outside it's
actually kind of nice I should do this
more often I had those movies for three
weeks and you can only have movies from
the library for like three days at a
time okay you guys I got a solution
today I'm gonna carry the boxes and
Symphony is pushing Abram in the
stroller what was I thinking yesterday
bringing them with nothing to hold the
baby in oh my gosh that was hard thank
goodness people were here to help me
yeah you see if glasses you know where
oh these are ant rate cheese boo stylish
dude they have an extra here I'll take
your clothes go ahead go in there miss
Erin I'll help you fix it okay perfect
thank you so much huh vivo are you
excited we can't win
did you good she realize she reminds me
of me at one point in the mirror she was
born a belly dancing she reminds me so
much of me how she gets sidetracked it's
so good
hey bruh hey why me what did you guys
think of her little ballet performance
she did such a good job all the little
girls did so good and she's just
exhausted are you missing sauce it from
all that ballet well all right guys
we're gonna say goodnight don't forget
we love you and don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other she says
it best you know she does
