isn't brand messy on there boy yeah
Sydney are you eating my cereal
that's my cereal favor
he's still into doing this and it's so
cute I don't know
I think likes to feel brighter at around
in school feels good doesn't it at
church symphonies classes learning how
to do silent night in sign language and
this coming Sunday they're going to
perform it at church so you guys all
have to stay tuned so you can see her
and although the little kiddos perform
that Mommy just delivered a raise I went
and met someone at Starbucks to deliver
a wreath
so that means traits for the girls I
have a nice peppermint mocha what did
you get Symphony Snowman cookie I'm so
excited this is one of the main perks of
having a little business while I'm a
stay-at-home mom so now we are off to
the post office to mail out some more
Christmas orders before Christmas is
actually here then we're going to be
going to get more supplies for Christmas
orders and after this week I am done
Christmas orders for wreaths Pinilla is
officially cut off
while Symphony you're so good at helping
me the kids are having lunch in the car
on the way to Hobby Lobby I've got to
stop by the bank this is just like
totally Aaron's day for me and yeah the
post office was crazy oh my gosh the
line was like two miles long there was
an elderly man in there griping out the
post office guy and it was just
hilarious because this post office guy
helps us frequently and sometimes you
can just tell that he's irritated like
when I come in with a lot of boxes he'll
make a face like this like it'll be like
how's it going I was in line like
laughing out loud I was like this is
just hilarious cuz this guy does not
hesitate to show his irritation girl you
look awesome today I love it look how
tall Symphony is she can push the buggy
now all by yourself you're so awesome
what you're looking so so sweet I got a
few compliments in the store and hunger
the kids behaved parking spot spot but
hashtag the office again no they do
would you find Oh
frozen fruit snacks come here sweetie
we're in someone's way symphony gets to
pick a fruit snack if when we come to
Walmart if she doesn't ask for anything
oh yeah third okay Lola
yeah and tangled and ahna that's awesome
Abram is so done with today I just score
baby I feel bad for him let's get these
do you want to get this cereal this time
yeah she's been begging me for many
weeds I did not know what is up with our
family
Raiders love cereal I do not like cereal
I didn't grow up eating cereal symfony
Sam all their brothers even Avram they
just love cereal yeah she brightens my
day yes I've had a busy day
you got a fish eating why I've had a
very busy day yes I wouldn't believe
we're here the doctor's office that it
can be so oh yeah ridiculously busy
giving a rare mastic I can't hop yeah
wear a mask you're pregnant you should
wear a mask how's the pregnancy going
it's going great
really I've got 95 days left 100 days if
we're gonna have a baby
yes so the other day on Costa birthday
vlog on with you watched it yet but
there was talk of it yeah baby names
that are definitely enough fluffy puffy
what are the perspective yesterday okay
a couple Grayson Kade yeah you're okay
Oh what happened sweetie you gotta let
him cross what's my role when our
friends come over me okay then walk away
from the motorcycle you guys we just
have the whole neighborhood here sandy
and comfort here we've got this over
here on the swing say hi Marissa and
camis here to our sweet little
neighborhood oh they're so long she's
tall cami this is another in-law moved
away that means Sam's mom who is
primarily our babysitter and my mom just
had surgery so soon we might be calling
you soon baby said she lives next door
like right next door to us
and she's so good with our like
earlier today I let her come outside and
watch Abram and Symphony while they
played and it was good did it go only
like five minutes so you want to try it
sometime I have to talk to your mom
about I think I'm going to
are you excited we're gonna do that I
just told cuff what we're doing on
Wednesday which is going to a nursing
home to sing Christmas carols to the
elderly people are you excited not so
much you didn't want to leave daddy
Symphony are you gonna remind daddy what
tomorrow morning is oh yeah oh yeah
thanks for the reminder
I almost forgot yeah Sam brings home
doughnuts every Tuesday morning will
almost huge deep Buckhead and look for
anything
oh I want to pop them so you're gonna
get room really can I at least look at
them put for your head Jonathan I don't
see deep ones I like right here I see a
finger I talked to the production team
with lip sync battles of Jimmy Fallon
show penis count Spike TV and what we're
going to be a part of is several
youtubers so several youtubers lip
singing and I guess a lot of them are
popular on YouTube for lip singing I
don't know who else to popular I know
there's a little guy little kids do lip
stains oh really
yeah he's he's like a small person he
was oh cool I'm interested to see how so
excited so we're going to do it will be
the intros wouldn't be a part of the
intro for all of their episodes they
said they want us to do it outside of
the car they think but we haven't talked
to the creative director yet so maybe
we'll just do something like outside and
the house has been crazy announcing the
phone
it's a 20th century boy by t-rex in case
you don't remember
don't forget we love you remember to
love each other come hang out with me
why whoa guys it's the most fun time I'm
feeling stuffy so it's for my
sister-in-law Rachel oh yeah I got Noah
our new little nephew that we're going
to see I got him hopefully his first
little Bible oh this is my absolute
favorite children's Bible but look how
cute our stockings are so these are the
sisters there's Rachel the other Rachel
and then me and all of our stockings
match with their different colors see
red green and they're all sweater and
then like symphony and Logan the older
kids match and then the babies match way
down there oh yeah I got this for Abram
look how cute this is
and this little doggie book and it has a
finger puppet you saw it one morning and
thank you he's gonna love that I've got
my little elves here helping me here
come symphony she's gonna give me an
item thank you thank you little elf
here goes traveling into the story oh my
gosh this one's stuffed to the brim
pretty much and sister-in-law Rachel if
you're watching that you know what lip
balm I got you
symphonie think I know it's with no
peeking cami you can help me yeah just
don't if it's for her don't get it out
that one's for Symphony that one's good
for Logan I love these things run up
where you like grow bugs and you grow
like flowers and sub like that I love
filling stocking it's the funnest thing
ever
oh yeah that's for Logan how cute is
that it's like a kraut like you throw it
on the wall and it says watch me crawl
hey bro I got some adorable little PJs
today Abram where's your pants can you
get me her pajama pants can you bring
him to mommy oh thank you job little
Christmas Mickey he's a cutie oh he's
he's been in circles II what are you
doing haha he's gonna be dizzy
oh did you get dizzy oh my god dizzy
silly boy
whoa he's still hey we get him no silly
just working on a family Christmas cards
before I go to bed you guys want to see
we went with the chalkboard theme and
the family fun photo in front of the
Christmas tree i over ordered on our
Christmas cards I always over-order so I
want to send you guys some Christmas
cards so if you want a Christmas card
DME or address on Instagram and I'll
send them out I guess it's gonna be like
a first-come first-serve thing because
I'll just send them out until I run out
I've already been sending some out to
the people who've been writing us
letters in the past couple of months so
whatever I have left over I want to send
out to the rest of you just to say Merry
Christmas we love you guys all right
guys well thanks for coming along with
us today I had a busy busy busy day
we're going out of town this weekend and
I crammed five days worth of errands
into one day so that way I can take care
of little things and tie up loose ends
before I have to start packing I have to
pack again for another week out of town
oh my gosh I'm telling you my laundry is
never gonna end it just won't ever end
but that's okay it's worth that I'm so
so so excited to go spend time with our
family and I see the new baby baby Noah
oh my gosh you guys he's so adorable
okay guys well you have an awesome night
we'll see you all on tomorrow's vlog
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
we shall just
