first thing on the agenda I've got to
give you guys a little update my little
review without giving too many spoilers
because I know some of you haven't read
it you're waiting for the movie or
whatever but I really like the way they
ended it everyone was like you're going
to need tissues we're going to fry your
head off this is a spoiler alert
don't go read the comments I want to
talk to you guys about the Hunger Games
and on the house to it so let's talk
about it my brother you
sister
by the same guy loved by the same
mom
world
in this together there's Nia doing her
pre Church instructions to the other
teachers he's in charge of little pillar
are you Bobby oh there's some tell hi
guys I just wanted to say how much I
appreciate many of the seminary basic
just giving me such encouragement in
love is for doing the start time
your words prayers mean the world to me
oh yes you'll have my share
thanks for guys you guys have been
awesome Michelle honey you come in every
what are you doing hey not save the
darker yeah
I'm convinced absolutely that if Jesus
was right here if he was walking down
the street or rock or rolling people
over to get him in front of Shelby do it
every single one of us right and you
look at Sonny taking bashing you do it
right and there's no difference between
him doing that the past and doing that
right now there's no difference are you
going buddy
putting the leaves as you're like stuck
he's gonna fall face-first really wish
you had time to sweep these leaves and
plant them with the kids today's weather
so far has been a really good imitation
of how our church looked today
it was raining pouring down hard just
like the tears were in church today over
shawntel's news I was really sweet
though Jill had one request through all
this and it was for everybody to get
closer to God I don't know why I even
bothered putting on makeup to go to
church I cried like the entire service
literally the whole entire service I was
in tears hey you guys have to share you
can lay on one part look here let me
show you yeah
a no-no you should remember how labour
chutney the other day at the grocery
store well this is what it's for I'm
going to show you mango chutney burgers
with ciabatta bread it's supposed to be
like a healthy hamburger but still
having all the spices and the flavors of
a regular hamburger but it's a little
bit sweet and spicy type of thing
because I'm about to go to work now it's
been crazy busy in the ER at my work cuz
we had somebody come looking for me at
another er no yeah what a viewer came
out of heard this story yet and I'm told
you know someone who works at my
hospital told me that the other hospital
that she works at a patient was asking
for him they said is Sam here she's like
no do you know him and she's like yeah I
watched videos she's like well he
doesn't work here but I know where he
works and I can't tell you where any
words but okay guys don't forget
remember it's like this one is ready to
hold you supposed to put chocolate on
top of it to make it extra chocolatey
you're really busy there that's how you
eat it don't have
mmm chocolatey oh man that looks so big
funny
what does I'm trying to restrain myself
I'm eating more of them there's only one
more let me sit in your lunch box no you
can have it it's a lot of chocolate hurt
daddy go ahead to eat it eat the whole
thing it's okay
you can wash it when you're done cookie
cookie tastic
huh I finally started making a dent in
all these clothes back here they've been
piled up on Symphony's toy box and piles
that she can wear now that she can wear
next winter that she can wear next
spring and so what I did I went through
and I cleaned out her closet so here she
is spinning around I found her Halloween
costume from two years ago oh you guys
pretty much match that she doesn't have
that stars right here my uncle don't
have Abram is being so adorable after
his bath let me try to capture something
ready tonight super baby super bedtime
flyer are you sure you want blue and
sparkles yes it's amazing
hey pretty oh really okay we decided
that symphonies at the nail salon she's
sitting on the toilet in our bathroom so
they do lotion
this was a nice scene at the nail salon
at home oh there's the final product
cute little toes scan ifuse don't forget
we let me remember to laugh Wow your
jumps weenie hey that's right we'll see
you all on tomorrow's vlog don't forget
to give us a thumbs up if you liked our
video today if you haven't already seen
our lip-sync that we put out yesterday
we put a lip-sync out the new Christmas
one and you guys should go check it out
it's a really adorable and there's a
cute little special surprise in there
for you all good night
but then mister
I'll be
