where are we going
Joe coffee birthday party what are you
doing are you so strong
we've got to give
and this together yep we're heading to
cuffs fifth birthday party
five five years old oh my gosh that's
just like he's just like a big kid I
can't even believe it I remember when he
was born and how he was like hugging my
pregnant belly when I was pregnant with
Symphony and he's turning five I think
we had dry wood Eric and I are Eric
trying to make a fire it's a camping
thing for his fifth birthday party you
got a tan out here Eric loves fire
Eric's got gasoline we can't get the
started the wood is kind of wet what is
it with guys on the fire should we use I
think yeah I think she'd just dump a
whole gallon on that except you might
want to stand back to this bed what oh
it's like naturally boys just love fire
the princess back to our most primitive
time when that's all we had is fire that
was there that was our entertainment
main thing we mastered yeah take two I'm
building fire I don't know what we would
do out in the wild without gasoline
worms Oreos and pudding Kourtney over
here they're making some more is over
yeah these these geniuses this is our
third attempt at the fire keep throwing
leaves on top of it do you guys like the
sign Eric and I put up over here it says
happy birthday we also put this one up
but took us forever glad to get a level
out ladder and everything hammer nails
we had to reapply a coat of paint up
here so it looked good against the wall
you like it something yeah this is just
an Eric's brother older brother somewhat
older
33 years older Wow yeah look good yeah
you look great I was vlogging I was like
okay well we met each other you're like
15 and 16 we have four and
five-year-olds we're old only regional
about having a five-year-old know what's
really weird I was just telling them
earlier okay I was just trying to be
Raquel ear what's really weird is that
Sam and Eric have one five-year-old kid
me and see me when they still are four
but if he's gonna roast the work first
we need a you got to hold the handle get
hold of would handle that way you won't
burn yourself stretch it all a little
closer
keep going keep going keep going
this is cadence she's a regular viewer
over there
we got a fan basic here today honey
you've been watching our blogs well
thanks for watching there's anything you
want to say to everybody that's always
surprising when they have somebody local
watching us because that big I think it
just broke it did look at that's not
made for two people to have your
permission to put that in the blog I was
told that Sam and Eric are gonna stay in
the tent with the kids all right that's
not gonna happen
well no if he said it on camera he got
it no I didn't get it so she's gonna
name her child Wolfgang's
No okay so Janelle aw seriously they
clean he should name the baby Wolfgang
and call him Wolfie
would be helping out
I think Symphony is one of your presence
cuff is opening his present he'd love
for the one that we got him I got him a
ninja turtle board game with mass that's
the one we got it right there Symphony
screenshot there's a good screenshot
right there all right everybody smile
can you read me I'm going in
symphonie are you there can you read me
over and out over 10-4 49er I love you
sweetie I love you daddy
so you talk to you here from the house
well those are short and sweet birthday
party coke did you have a good time
though because that's all that matters
right that we have a good time that's
the only thing that matters in life that
we have a good time right there's more
to life than just having fun Eric you're
a good man
he doesn't have music and he's like
flowing my very rhythmic frequently use
it pretty impress their music in there I
guess that's why Eric and I are best
friends cuz we're opposites we're about
to leave but I got to show you
cuffs first Christmas I took this
picture when I used to have a video
I got cute we're gonna open up these
packages now we got them at the PIO box
the other day he's already going to town
over here press-up jigsaw puzzle like
you put the pants in right here put the
shirt in right there hey dress it look a
little fun gift to help you grow your
family that's what Innings Beauty Belle
Bennett somebody wants you to get
pregnant hey guys Starr shirt
yeah good job but this it's the story of
Jesus's birth which she's very
interested in right now she loves
hearing the story of Jesus's birth and
all the different story books and their
versions that they have oh yeah she said
me she said she's a fairy she was hot as
she's been wondering what to do I think
Abby's clothes look at me like what miss
Amy is this wears a robe where is he
dinner yeah I wouldn't get you you play
hard-to-get right now
my little pony helicopter wait but I
thought my little pretties fly where
they need helicopter anyway that's cool
it's a Christmas edition you're reading
a book over there wow these are
completely brand-new this is awesome I
cannot wait to do this Persephone like
cool it great we used to help like learn
the letters and how to write them and
stuff just all kinds of stuff to help
practice with the things that symphonies
already been learning so this the cutest
dog seriously they're already closed
these last two packages are from Amy and
Louie we met with them what like three
four months ago they came down to Texas
to meet with some family some or another
but we ended up having dinner with them
we'll put a link to the vlog where we
had dinner anyway Amy annoyed we really
loved her if they faced lockout for
thinking of us it's going sweetie can
you say bye we went to the viewers
say nine nine long kisses no he's gonna
bed a little bit early tonight yeah me
and mommy can have some time together
yeah
there they go let me guess let me guess
mockingjay yep
the reason I came in here is because I
wanted to say good night with you do
yours Oh what I like doing it alone Mike
she does sometimes it seems like I may
have offended a couple of you guys by
taking the camera away from me what she
was logging I guess I should apologize
to you it's apparent he did apologize
it's okay it wasn't that yeah it wasn't
that big of a deal guys I was late I was
basically gonna start thank you Frank
guys we'll see you tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
