we're heading out the door to go do
family pictures we're running a little
bit late
story of my life right to the car I got
to put this stuff down they're always
running late somewhere
to give
in this together we're just gonna walk
around downtown and flying some cute
little festive areas to take pictures in
so I wanted to give you guys like the
rundown for me when it comes to doing a
family photo shoot like what are some of
the top ideas to having a successful
family photo shoot especially when
you've got multiple kids it's not always
easy there's outfits to coordinate naps
to work around all kinds of stuff so I
would say step number one is finding a
photographer that you trust having that
one person that you can go to and say
hey we need our pictures taken like this
week or tomorrow if you have a chance
and you know that even though it's
last-minute you can trust them and the
pictures are gonna be amazing we use
melodyday photography and she has been
our photographer since I was pregnant
with Abram can you know with Sam being a
photographer himself it's it says a lot
to me that we found someone outside of
the family that we really trust and I'm
just really excited about so number one
is having a photographer that you trust
hey guys Mia dressed me up you guys like
it because I feel so successful family
photo shoot
make sure your top button is a button
for showing cleavage for Christmas
shoots not classy and nobody wants to
see your cleavage up for Christmas okay
let's go down back here leave this guy
running around here shirtless so tip
number two for having successful family
photo shoot especially one that's kind
of last night is planning ahead last
night when we got home I laid out all of
our clothes and had like several
different outfit options
brought them all with us so that we were
ready and you know just kind of on the
ball with our with our clothes and stuff
today so number to plan ahead for the
guys kept lead you're still filming
that's pretty cool though stink true to
film it's pretty cool
choo-choo choo-choo train you see the
princesses been waiting here they come
come up here with me area yeah hey
there's the princesses show me show me
everybody a little turtle I liked him
the night before Christmas those boots
who's that car what's his name you don't
remember his name who's this who's this
no that's not a ladder yeah who's this
over here
I'm a dog inference bonding with a green
baby green baby baby that's what you
look like most of the time buddy right
there that's what you look like
screaming and crying yeah you wish you
were a green baby think of scooby-doo
guys and an e or back here looks like
he's thinking about you know what if it
was look like he was doing over there
what is he doing what does he or doing
what does it look like he's doing for a
Christmas look but we don't have very
many options here in Tarot we have this
beautiful Christmas tree look at it guys
is that not the prettiest Christmas tree
that you've ever seen
well I can't even walk straight because
I'm rolling my eyes so big right now
it's going pretty good so far I'm just
getting sleepy and the sun's getting
high so lights changing pretty quickly
out here I think we're gonna call it a
day
all right guys let's eat later
click guys are blogging right on the
side of the road we're taking pictures
on the road
come on sweetie come stamp my dad tip
number three for a successful family
photo shoot also semi last-minute
bribery
I was bribing symfony towards the end of
the photo shoot and she started parking
up and getting some smiles what should
be our tip number four
I'm giving you five the five top tips of
a successful family photo shoot that is
somewhat last-minute because we just
planned it this week and don't know your
other tips for finding a photographer
you trust planning ahead with their
outfits and bribery and make sure that
the kids are fed and well rested that is
a big deal we did that but we did it I
would have to agree that that's the good
one Abrams took a three hour nap before
the symphony was just like lounging
around with Sam she had some I've had
time they had both had like three snacks
from our house to here which is like not
even a mile away why would you say that
low and because it's not you want the
kids to be happy and it's not fun if
they show up all grumpy you know hungry
wrapping up the shoot this was our last
location we just like the texture this
wall not sure what we're going to do
with it hit this guys having fun with
these blocks you
you did it buddy
I'm just having fun climbing over that
yay we have beautiful kids simply you're
gonna be a big girl
what do you think I think look out slim
the boy sight is what do you guys want
don't have hopes high hopes
to announce the baby name right now
we're back from the ginger reveal the
babies are in bed and Sam and I are just
working on some projects over here we're
going through some of the photo shoot
pictures we got back today from melody
it's pretty exciting I love getting
family photo shoots done and seeing the
results so I'm sure you notice we did
really vlog that much at the
gender-reveal party I don't know if it's
because we just kind of had a long day
we were all kind of tired maybe it was
the fact that we haven't seen our
friends in a couple of weeks and we're
used to seeing them pretty regularly so
we just kind of wanted to hang out and
be a little more relaxed with them I
don't know but for whatever the reason
we had a really good time with them and
glad you guys got to see what's going on
with Sara and Dan and their new little
baby girl we are so excited for them
there's still one tip that I haven't
given you for a successful semi
last-minute family photo shoot and that
is don't be afraid to tell the
photographer what you want luckily we're
friends with melody and Ryan and it's
pretty comfortable when we're around
them so we can say you know like hey we
were thinking about over here yes they
are the talented ones they know what to
do but sometimes we have ideas in our
minds and it's it's not a big deal to
tell them and speak up and say hey I
really want to try this out if you don't
mind I can guarantee you they're most
likely gonna comply and try to get the
shot that you want also just let me give
you guys a little reminder please
remember our friends Bosch Ellen knocks
in your prayers if you guys want to
follow her journey she started a YouTube
channel it's called love is greater than
cancer just showing how love and
especially God's love is bigger than
than cancer and just anything and she'll
is so you know faithful and relying on
God in this and so if you want to follow
along and see how she's doing and have
updates on her we will put a link below
to her channel there's already a couple
of videos up and there'll be more to
come all right guys well we hope you've
had an awesome day thanks for coming
along with us make sure and hit the
thumbs up button if you liked what you
saw today and we will see you all
tomorrow
don't forget oh we love you I remember
to love each other that's
she shot
for amnesty
