me and the kids are getting ready to go
see my parents my mom just got home from
rehab last night so I made some lunch
taking some bread and I made pasta under
there
it's all garnished up pretty cute well
kind of cute I made like holly leaves
out of the basil it looks kind of cute
hey little apple this is Tiffany look
like a little apple ornament today Abram
do you wanna go see bebo
okay go see him go see people you want
to - - they saw Andrew come home between
the blinds can you say it say juju what
they call Andrew we could Symphony run
it in my old wagon with pop oh hi baby
thank you for a ride in there I know you
jealous he's having a turn now oh sweet
this used to be my wagon when I was a
little girl yeah you can do it laughs ah
are you making paw paw exercise daddy oh
she's making your exercise they're
excited over that little bitty pile he
loves these piles uh-uh
where's a bruh what do it daddy
so guys are just driving home and I was
at a red light so I opened up my phone
to call Sam to remind him of something
and I had a text from shell you know her
friend and our pastor's wife home from
church and a little shaken up telling
you guys about it so
a couple of days ago I guess actually
about a week ago she found a lump in her
breast and went to the doctor they told
her was going to be a couple of weeks
before she could have a biopsy taken and
all that but she she actually went to
the doctor sooner than planned this past
week and today it was confirmed that she
has invasive breast cancer she didn't
give us a whole lot of other details in
that except that it was confirmed as
cancer she's really sad for me to even
say that
tell silly Freeman crying because I'm
not even the one who got the bad news
but she's such a good friend to me and
that just hate it for her her family
anyway so I just feel like I wanted to
blog about it and especially like you
guys have seen her face a lot on our
blog she's just been a really big part
of our life maybe this was a good idea
to vlog and drive and guys take your
time
anyways my point was to pick up the
camera and just tell all of you guys
about it so that you can be praying for
her and this you know as often as you
remember it just remember in your parish
she's a beautiful person well yeah
that's that I can't really put into
words what I'm trying to say right now
but that snap just please be praying for
her and for beau and their family
I mean they watch our vlogs so I know
they see the comments so if you have
anything to say Philip farm our comments
was encouragement to them we'll make
sure they see it and whatever but
yeah because we got some good news and
bad news today so we just heard shale
our pastor's wife has breast cancer
we're just like devastated about it so
it's hard to be excited about this news
that we received yesterday but we're
going to be praying if you guys can
remember them in your prayers Bo and
shale there are pastors who just
recently diagnosed with breast cancer
it's just pretty unbelievable I'm just
like really heartbroken for both of them
and it's just so sad I can't even
imagine what they're going through right
now they're alright guys so yeah we got
some exciting news yesterday so on my
way to work I know psy had a voicemail
and it's from somebody from New York
City and I was running a little bit late
so I didn't have time to check him so I
walked into work I think I actually did
listen to it on my way in but I couldn't
understand what she was saying so I just
turned it off so the night was very busy
around 12 a.m. kind of slowed down a
little bit so I picked up my phone and
checked out my voice melon do you guys
want to hear the voicemail you guys do I
play it play it oh you better love play
I heard it yet but I've heard what it's
about
so do you ready unfortunately buzzing
one about country substances I conclude
my goodies opportunity for teaming up
and as I just wanted to quickly chat
with as about it I can do a junkie one
commentator yes hear that she's with
Vikon entertainment from lip sync
battles he has no lipstick battles is
when he told me this I was like oh
what's that
but it's get so much better so I started
thinking isn't that the Jimmy Fallon
piece that he does on a show and I was
like so I googled it's just to make sure
I was like this is their announcing all
over the place that Jimmy Fallon is
taking this piece that he does on a show
and he's making it into a TV show an
actual TV show called lip-sync battles
and they're contacting us that she said
she has an opportunity for Nia so my mom
I just go crazy to do one either
lipstick on the show maybe go
head-to-head with Jimmy Fallon now so
we're gonna call her back with you guys
all ready for this yes hi Brittany the
same I received a call from you oh how
are you hi this is me is here with me as
well
hi Brittany how's it going oh I'm doing
good excited receiver thank you so much
for giving me a competition no man we
didn't talk to you guys about one of us
shows and we have humming lipstick
battle I'm not sure if you've ever seen
anything about it but it's conflict in
you and we are doing show it Jimmy
Fallon John Krasinski and Stephen
Merchant or coffee Kingdom so we are
calling it as if you're interested in
talking to you about being part of our
show
Wow Jimmy Fallon see our lip-sync
Wow crazy our green song is our 20th
century boy I just do your thing kinda
thing open and kind of submit and there
will be a song so I just wanna like if
you guys are interested or yeah of
course we are
yeah we're losers kind of looking in
with our production company okay awesome
well thank you so much for the call this
is so exciting okay great bye yeah
goodbye thank you guys bye bye
it won't be a part of the open now what
is that about the intro or is that like
the opening act
yeah it's kinda like the opening act I
guess like the first episode
their pilot there's gonna be like ten
episodes supposedly they're gonna start
filming in January and then it's gonna
start can't even take it right now I
can't even take it right now so we're
gonna be on TV what do they want us to
don't want us to do don't want to record
it and send it into it maybe I want us
to do it in the car I think they want us
to do it in the car huh that's gonna be
the determining factor there if it's a
bad song or not whether we're gonna live
singing hey t-rex sounds bad
no I'm down it no it's gonna sound kind
of Haiti wrecks children what was the
name of the song 20th century boy oh
there it is here's the psalm that wants
to obtain okay toxic rock
oh wow cool crazy is this guy's insane
Oh crazy like becoming professional Ipsy
goodness what the heck is up with this
and crazy oh my god she's amazing
I think I want you to do it No yes I
think news run Benison think so the way
she said it was like lots of check
because she didn't even mention just me
that's so she said opportunity for Nia
maybe she did whatever anyway
wow I'm gonna say I don't work alone I
first got the the woodsman I'll start
looking it up and they said I hadn't
announced the host for the show yet I
was like do they want Nia to be the host
with other guys is that or hosting the
lipstick battle show well it's so cool
they said they loved our lip singing Wow
Tiffany your mom is a professional lip
syncher yeah
that's pretty wild isn't it go wow see
wait this is like the only one I've ever
seen it apparently it's like a thing you
know why someone she's ever seen cuz she
thinks that guy's cute
Jason gordon-levitt not this guy Jason
Gordon loved it yeah ever since angels
in the outfield we'll go back on our
tummies oh yeah Apple my eye
it's do you get me
all right Sophie I'm gonna save you oh
don't watch me to savor no no big reward
can I get you wanted no let me get you
once I got you I got I got the birds are
very simply just looks extra beautiful
to me today I just want to kiss her up
seems like a little Apple running around
this house I just want to take a bite
out wanna go hi dang she's aggressive
nah look at our super spider what's
going lay here I won't even touch you
cuz this is what I deserve for doing
that to you and so I will endure the
consequences forget you that no I'm
getting symphony get you better get you
got me well you you so guys I thought
I'd just give you a little update on the
Hunger Games trilogy series that I'm
reading I finished
Catching Fire last night and oh it's
like an exhausting series to read like I
get tired just reading it um so far it's
all been pretty similar to the movies I
got to give props to whoever did you
know the movie storylines because from
the other books and movies that I've
read these are like the closest to the
books there are some details though that
are left out that I would have
understood what was going on more had
they been in there some specific ones
would be like you know the actual
relationship that Katniss and Peeta have
which is like in the movie I totally
thought they were like legit in love
which maybe they are but in the books
she totally
like like spells it out that she's just
doing this to like survive the Hunger
Games or whatever so yeah so last night
I started um what is it Mockingjay I'm
only on like page like 10 or something
like that so it hasn't gotten intense or
anything yet and this is the first book
that I don't know how it is I don't know
how the story ends in this book so I'm
kind of nervous about it I'm really
excited and anyway just thought I'd give
you guys an update my moves go big
missin headache yes I do
oh this is a beautiful day really good
beautiful celebrities yeah yeah dude
Tiffani's just being extra durable today
I've just been kissing any Street man so
much today
I just keep enough of her right now and
I'm kind of exhausted from squeezing her
so much I used to like really be that
way with me I still just like squeezing
I was being fight here I'm kissing I was
being on that I was doing dishes while
they were playing in here and I was like
I even made a face I was like I remember
the days when that used to be me in
there like we used to play like that
together and he would just squeeze me
not like that oh you know kids won't see
Methos new hipster haircut
what do you guys think why is that the
haircut lady yesterday recommended this
hairstyle with my beard how they sure
let's try it
hi is this a good time the baby just
woke up yeah and he has a pretty upset
so I guess all the brothers are being
coming out and then over here was it
because of us yeah y'all already
hmm see I told you I'm tired I told them
yeah I told you guys but um anyway we'll
see you guys tomorrow don't forget to
let me Jackie she came running into the
can we don't forget we love you and
remember to well eat juggle me kiss
alright guys don't forget we love you
number two love each other
