I'm gonna get out see please don't think
I've ever been more proud because
Juliet's first time paint or I'm at or
I'm like I need break
Hey look it's a fan base Nick hi guys
everyone's watching a little bit record
Ralph is there you know the other one oh
one of the best things in the whole
world are when garage sales come to you
our neighbor is having a yard sale Kimmy
sack full of something doing a car oh
yeah help me out here you're sending
this one too you know looking at you
even know what you grabbed he had four
cars well thank you this is Teresa or
new neighbor hi Teresa good morning guys
it's actually not morning it's afternoon
now baby is taking a nap and Symphony is
reading and guess what I have been
working on it that's right stocking so
far I've only worked on hours the
family's and me and the kid but I
usually feel stockings for his siblings
as well and I'm gonna working on those
later but I have to have a place to hang
them up which is where my project is
gonna come into play but not yet so far
here's the lineup of the stockings this
one is symphony this one is still Juliet
there are only two things in here it
looks like there's like four there's a
toy in the bottom and a pair of shoes at
the top and it's completely full and it
says baby's first Christmas should I
change it out now because it's not her
first Christmas anymore is that one of
those things you just used once it was
only five dollars I don't want to do
this one is Abraham's it was mine last
year but he asked if he could have it
and so I'm gonna let him use it
this one does Sam's got the little
California bear the little bear is in
the woods this one is mine and as always
it's empty but I mean I can't feel my
own stocking all of us sisters have the
same stocking and I can't find Rachel's
Rachel's is red mine is white and I just
went to Hobby Lobby the other day to get
Andrea one because that's where I got
that one like seven years ago and they
had a new one they've never had exactly
the same one before made out of the same
little sweater material and I it's a
green one
so I'm white wretches red and Andrea is
gonna have a green one anyway I'm gonna
go hang them up on the mantel no you
guys want to come
hi baby bro what you can do a somersault
in your bed oh my your says
a good nap you guys what I'm not gonna
get out please
the girls are matching again you need to
paint out for my back come over yeah
let's get you some paint clothes too
where's Josie oh did you get something
on your finger you don't want it there
yeah okay that's what she's trying to
tell us guys
Symphony's ready to paint can you guys
tell princess butterfly ready to paint
all right it's time to start the day
pick up the toilet man guys it's a ho I
took some metal put it up and put it
inside my metal rake and I'm able to
like rake debris you know is that cool
so much easier than a shovel I got to
get all that out of here I got one of
the piers made this is one of them I use
the old ones but I made sure those
concrete on the ground he's a concrete
touching the ground before so it was all
rotting out I have the second one coming
right here Abraham's helping me do that
everybody's letting me take a break soon
a great job buddy I've been digging for
me my dad's struggle I'm really good
with this sandal remember him dead
okay so so I need your help before we go
outside under your bed there are a bunch
of big boxes from when I used to do my
wreath we're going to take a few outside
cares mr. package they all are okay now
I need some point all the way I'm gonna
take this glossy white paint this white
paint it's kind of off-white no I have
some more somewhere I know this is gonna
sound random but I think it's in our
pantry yeah well you got all those toys
good job
Stephanie you set this up so lovely good
job do you want to take these things and
organize them in a good spot over there
okay yeah
symphonie likes organizing or you know
organizing it's her thing huh
a symphony your next job is to dump the
paint onto the plate I want you to do
half of that one
Wow oh did you hear airplane
okay Juliet you dip it like this you
come and you're gonna put it on the
board you're gonna paint just like this
on the board
this is Juliet's first time painting
with mommy a project yes and it doesn't
have to be perfect I don't want to see
some wood in between the creases you
know what I mean see how this looks I
really want it to look like that good
job baby get more paint oh well
j4 Juliet looking super good says
our snow kiss stocking holder is almost
done it's finished and now the kids and
I just two kids you all missing a broom
so bad Sam keeps sending the most
precious pictures of him and each time
he sends a picture I swear I like see a
room as a baby in the picture it just
goes to show how badly I'm missing him
I'm just gonna have to tell Sam that the
next time he goes he's either gonna have
to take symphony go and she's out of
school or just leave all the kids home
with me he doesn't take a broom because
I'm asking him to or I'm like I need
rake last time when he took both of them
he did do that to give me a little bit
of a break but he doesn't make a broom
for that reason he takes it because they
run like sky time and Sam likes guy time
and it's kind of their time together but
it's happening so much and it's gonna
just keep happening while they're you
know doing this project there's a baby
bunny look at my sister's oh you girls I
love it when you match are you guys
ready for a playdate well guys it's
about to get dark so I'm gonna give you
a progress update anyway so this is what
I made right here I'll reinforce it
ready to friend this I'm gonna friend in
this whole room right here with two I
six is instead of two by fours it's more
energy-efficient you could fit more
insulation in the walls here's all the
new peers I made these are gonna hold a
lot of weight so I'm gonna add peers in
between these these are every eight foot
and the other ones are obviously going
to be a foot in between a broom is
crushing his new part why'd you get shy
so this is all level now look at that
like that straight line on the bottom
this is that not beautiful I think I've
never been more proud of any
construction job any remodeling job I've
ever done than this right here oh so
glad something triggered this memory in
my mind
off the toys that we bought last weekend
for the families that the kids shopped
for they have to jerk off in Rock Hall
is where I could drop things off so we
do that okay guys that happy lousy I
realize that Juliet's talking was just
too small as I told you guys and we are
gonna go on a little play date so we
came early to drop some toys off I'm too
late to drop the toys off anywhere
everything's closed so we're gonna stop
here and get Juliet her stocking but I
had an idea
symphonie this is the reversible
sequence doc you wanted to do a
demonstration for okay so I have a
proposition for you what do you want to
have this one as yours and your Juliet
the furry one says she is the bunny what
we decide so this is excited that this
is mine well you decided right all right
sure that's what you want I'm sure I
thought you would
you got it created with it we can strap
around a little bit and look around at
stuff if you find something on this wall
right here I'm not gonna go shopping for
crafts but if you find something on this
wall right here you can pick it out
since you've cleaned part of the
bathroom today after we painted I gave
Juliet a bath and Symphony came in and
she's like you know mom I didn't want to
clean the toilet I'm like okay go for it
and so she's completely when I'm gone
every surface in our bathroom and it was
so sweet so I'm gonna reward her and I
had already made everyone I was gonna
reward her with the craft if we came to
Hobby Lobby and we're here to see
exactly what a meeting
huh those are tiny little things of
silly putty yeah sure baby you can get
that thank you so much for cleaning all
the surfaces in the bathroom okay Josie
that's not real candy
hey that's fake don't eat that that's
fake silly girls gonna make you sick
when I told somebody I'm making a wreath
from a Sally who is our neighbor on this
side she said she want to make elite for
our other neighbors and her little
friend Dustin so we're gonna make a
wreath for their door so Britney
watching this you got to get in a wreath
yes that's too
okay now who wants some chick-fil-a
Hobby Lobby and chick-fil-a in one day
yes please we made it in guys and guess
who we saw right away I was gonna vlog
you but I couldn't get the camera my
hands were so full my important working
at chick-fil-a it was a cue to saying I
like squealed at it and I was like oh
sorry I hope I'm not embarrassing you
but it was the cutest thing don't we
have made it and it is crazy jam packing
over here at 6:15 so seems like after
dinner time for kids hey do you guys
remember when we went to Mexico you guys
were such buddies in Mexico remember oh
yeah she went when he was that probably
that's a hard I mean I think what we
were just saying it's like they're on
little dates they're on a little date
they're in a little date we don't want
to be here
have you got a little shovel today you
ready for some dinner yes me too
this is where the Beatles your night to
the fan basic he didn't mean that guys
he really gave me everyone I have been
having a lot of fun together
I'm starving his face earlier with a
white so funny new comment of the day
hopefully great service out here but um
don't forget we love you guys remember
love each other that was so much fun in
such a like random impromptu little
playdate / running to the fourtner's any
dinner together night it was awesome I
loved it I'm so excited that I got to be
at chick-fil-a on Mike's first night of
working anyways I'm ready in the vlog
with comment of the day and question of
the day are you guys ready and comment
up the day comes from mayor imma do is
it just me or does he kind of look like
Rick from TWD I don't know what you're
talking about but that's an interesting
question and I want to know if fan basic
agrees with you now question of the day
comes from symphony back here what's up
babe your favorite fish happiness is we
had it at chick-fil-a
Wow and don't forget guys we love you
and remember to love each other we are
gonna go do something really super fun
with Danny
so I got a new goal for this guy what
there's my cleaning his sweeping
sweeping his cleaning I don't know what
I'm trying to say
