even when he turned on the camera he's
like it's fine let them see us in this
kind of mood together because they've
never seen it before and why we don't
need to hide it from them whatever I
don't know so there you go you guys just
got a little bit deeper into our lives
just a tiny bit you are my sister
made by the same guy
by the same
we've got to give
well
in this together my gosh the idea of a
snack is stressing him out so much we're
at Walmart at lunchtime big mistake on
my part so we're gonna get some of these
little popcorn chicken eggs that they
have over here huh I just got off the
phone with my friend Stephanie we she
helped me organize the auction that I
hosted for my friend Cassidy you guys
might remember me telling you about it
went amazing you guys we raised one
thousand five hundred and thirty two
dollars for her and I mean it's just
like amazing that's the most accessible
auction I've done seriously we lost a
shoe hey Ramirez today oh my goodness
whew that was a close one if we didn't
get a snack in these kids mouths before
too much longer
I think Walmart was just going to have
coveted for themselves pretty better are
you better
what are you looking at Abram Abram saw
a little girl like way down the aisle
and he started going like mama big
sister might have got a little jealous
she jumped down and came around to him
did you get jealous and he saw another
little girl wanted her yeah so I'm
looking for chutney you guys know what
chutney is I've never cooked with
chutney report so I asked this lady that
was in the aisle with the jellies I knew
it had to be like a jelly substance
because of what I'm making so I ended up
beginning
each mango preserves because it's going
in some quesadillas I thinks I think I'm
just gonna be mixing this in with the
salsa and I think what reserves will
work what do you guys think what's the
chutney for versus apricots why would
you use chutney and not just reserves I
didn't mean it for consequence but
anyway check it out you guys all off on
the Huggies wives these are so cute you
guys were in the middle of Walmart and I
hear this an always going like little no
what could that be we're just walking
down the aisle then all of a sudden I
smell the most foul horrid smell that
you can even imagine and Abram seriously
took like a huge poop I'm like I can't
even believe this just happened it just
the sound of it makes me like look
inside you mister he's stink
I'm just looking for Chinese five-spice
and instead when I find our cricket yep
that's right dead crickets are in this
bottle on the seasoning aisle is that
crazy then over here we have worms
ladies let me blog about it worm you see
that it's not disgusting or what just
helped me she's like oh my gosh is that
what I think I'm seeing if we look over
and sure enough there's like dead
insects in a bottle over here crazy but
I found what I was looking for not
really I was looking for like a Chinese
5-spice but I'm going to take this Asia
sweet and smoky hibachi what I'm looking
for what do you guys do it out there you
crazy kids Abram you want a boo bear we
ever come with you boo berry come
greater blueberry I love him in just a
t-shirt you're out come in here come
here
power boo power to the mawa every man I
love blueberries
woo-wee these are big ones key kind of
just woke up and he's kind of mad at me
I didn't just wake up it's been an hour
I had to make the vlog not make it
he made the vlog but I had to get the
thumbnail done everything I was going to
go run but what you just do anyway Nia
wanted me to go run with the kiss and
she gave some time to herself
but it just didn't happen I have to get
ready for it and Wow she made something
delicious I know guys know Tommy's
everywhere man I'm still not exactly
sure
oh I'm not taking out today I'm Greg you
had a huge meltdown and started
screaming and Sam was napping for work
tonight but it was time for him to get
up anyways he gets up around 3 or 3:30
to work on the vlog thought to be
anything of Ntaganda news and special
and instead of coming in and offering
hand or saying how's it going he starts
getting on to me because I haven't kept
Avram quiet enough when he's screaming
blame hurt or nothing has worked I've
tried everything
so then he gets up and he's like I
didn't get on arses Oh surfing ok I
don't want to do it on the vlog because
you are you did get Honda me baby
boo-boo we booby we bite it Wow you guys
know blueberries are like a brain food
they're powerful they're really good for
your brain so try to keep I trying to
get you to keep them stocked in the
house but the hard to come by for extra
big leave these mmm I love blueberries
they're my favorite fruit right now by
far I can see your and eat the entire
thing of these he's got loved them too
Wow that'd make me so happy
go get it pick it up
me and I are gonna play the blueberry
challenge you ready honey come on
talking one what's up yeah let's just
throw him at me go oh hello blueberries
but where we blueberries blueberry out
so see if you can catch this with your
mouth open
you ready open put your mouth up oh
whoops yes huh you got to move it you
try to catch it
mouth up ah blueberry field forever
don't your cup says is he doing back
there
Oh April pass that on for me okay down
there buddy what are you doing is the
floor nice and cool he's hot yeah you
oh hey where'd you go
Picabo oh it's okay just let him drink
in himself why are you arguing with me
there you go buddy be careful
no silly
I'm doing a good job
did a good job buddy thank you oh you
want to share with you baby you should
share with him now he's walking and
sitting in the water so let me just
explain what was gone a little earlier
I'm not like actually super mad at Sam a
little bit of that was kind of like just
me not wanting to be vlogging in that
mood but I wasn't necessarily mad at him
what happened was I had a really
stressful earlier part of the day
especially at naptime Abram had a huge
meltdown that lasted for an hour
nothing would calm him down he didn't
want a nurse he didn't eat food he
didn't want to get up and play you want
to get down he didn't want to be in his
bed he didn't want me to rock him he
didn't want anything I gave him some
motrin because I thought maybe he's
teething maybe it's hurting him to nurse
and that's why doesn't want to
I tried sectioning his nose because it
sounded like it was stuffed up whatever
long story short it was just that part
of the day was really stressful I really
just wanted like a minute to myself I
didn't really want to be working on
anything for just like ten minutes
and then Sam was like well I'm gonna go
running and I was like oh D or you can
take the case as a gag bills get outside
we'll go which it felt amazing so the
way he said it seemed like he was really
going to go and I just got my hopes up
that's it it's not a big deal like I'm
not having the worst day of my life I
know what kind of bad about what
happened with Sam but he no I mean we
made up like he was like I'm so sorry I
needed to go and I was okay whatever is
fine like we just like dinner and who in
torques like normal but little bummed on
to bigger and better things
what hey because and hey what are you
doing with that snow why do you want the
snow so bad he's reaching for it crying
for then way with the snow yeah I don't
want him to have the snow silly Tiffany
and a1 how'd it go snow why there's no
oh okay we're painting our feet now we
ended up tracing Abraham's little foot
and we're making one for him too so
here's what we did instead of stamping
it we sat their feet down traced around
it and we just traced over the top of
their toes and then I've like made
little circles out of it so kids feet
are kind of wide and so it takes away
from like the shape of Olaf's body so
we're kind of making some adjustments
this is our practice a lock right there
I don't know if he looks like ol aha
we're working with it aren't we watch
out you're both the color at Oh lanolin
a tree some snowflakes snowflakes whoo
so this is what Abrams Olaf looks like
I'm not sure how Olaf is she really
looks but I traced I mean I drew some
snowflakes and somebody's gonna trace on
with her glitter pen over here okay guys
it's almost done
symphonie here's about to fall asleep
again she's cuddled up on this pillow
over here so we're gonna call it a night
the only thing we have left to do is put
arms and hair on Olaf
but his glitter is still drying so I
guess we'll do that part in the morning
and still show you guys the final result
tomorrow I just know that glitter glue
and I know it takes a while to dry Abram
just woke up he's been down for about an
hour and symphonies ready for bed he's
still kind of fussing on and off in his
bed and I don't really know what to do
he doesn't wake up in the middle of the
night anymore
he's not the middle of the night but
once I put him down for the night he
doesn't really wake up anymore but he
did on our trip not been the most
pleasant day for me you guys but I'm
still not in a terrible mood I am NOT
like gonna sit here and cry about it me
and zippy are gonna tell you all
goodnight because this little princess
is done with today if you say good night
doing tell one more thing oh but I also
want a snack well sorry babe your
dinners on the table she didn't eat her
dinner tonight go eat some okay you want
to help me tell the viewers good night
don't forget we love you don't forget we
love you too remember to love each other
that's right we do we love you and we'll
see you on tomorrow's vlog don't forget
to give us a thumbs up if you liked
today's video and we'll see you later
bye
