ready for it you guys ready for here
comes my brother you are my sister made
by the same guy loved by the same
to live
we've got to give
in this together welcome home thank
basic how does it feel to be back in our
home place I love it I'm so excited I
just started out of bed today and I just
started working and cleaning getting
things unpacked I just feel so in my
element as much as I love vacation I'm
so happy to be home I left it kind of a
mess we had a really hectic week before
we left and we came home to a pretty big
mess I'm sure Sam will agree but
never-fail super mommy is already on the
ball and getting things going so I'm
gonna go get back to it but I just want
to tell you guys good morning how did
you guys like the trip what was your
favorite parts leave us some feedback in
the comments below I guess making we
just made a little book from this
magazine that my mom has a subscription
for Symphony humpty-dumpty my mom and so
we just made a book when the circus
comes to town final place for a new
frozen retirement home sign I think I
should go in the refrigerator oh it's
not a magnet I thought for sure doesn't
magnet looks just and it feels like a
magnet just go away
no put it right outside her house on the
hot side of it no out sign on the door
hmm
okay sit right there there how about a
chick just like this just put on Andrews
a door perfect hey we can make this like
a frozen wall because we've got our fan
basic art look-alike that there and I
could hang the other picture hearing
that she gave us that's not frozen no
not frozen but like our channel wall
channel wall that might be cool yeah
let's do it let's have one let's have a
channel wall oh no Charlie never need a
wall over there hidden just put on this
brick wall is it this is really
something we want to like amplify our
home like you feel comfortable enough to
let you all the way back to this room
you can see it but if we're not then
whatever go watch it on YouTube nope
hey guys it's okay did you like your big
bed
stepping back in your big bed come here
grab my neck oh you're so little
you're just such a little monkey man hey
Yoshi Romo shoo bless you for about
seven eight hours and you will suddenly
hung out for a while you take another
like three oh now he's a tired boy it
was just dirty nose
my mom's leaving now bye mommy turn the
light now would you thanks for watching
the kids for us as a couple of days and
spending some quality time with us I had
a wonderful I will miss you my body's
sore but I had a wonderful time from
picking up that lug over there
there's Andrew guys welcome back to the
vlog Andrew oh man oh man oh you got a
haircut hey what are you doing see you
later
what are you doing that's the last bag
of hug unpack and it's all done I'm
officially done unpacking the day we
arrived home and our bags are
successfully unpacked I've got the
laundry going but everything else is in
its home and where it needs to go except
the toiletry that hard time you needed
to Latrese put away because Avram was
like screaming at my feet but they are
in the bathroom and kind of where'd they
go the kids schedules are really weird
today though like their Nats will kind
of off they both slipped in really late
symphony woke up at noon we got home at
2:00 a.m. in case you guys didn't know
that so I have I had any like mommy time
today and I was like okay I have to
figure out a way to have like mommy time
Jay what can I do and I'm not gonna get
it they're not going to nap Abram is
only taking like one big long nap since
the
yeah cantock symphonies not happening
today and so I decided to just make
myself a cup of coffee I had one more
Starbucks cake up left and some yummy
creamer and I like la just sent me a
yummy coffee and I'll try to like just
sit and enjoy all the kids play so
that's where we're at right now
Sam's asleep he's about to get up and
get ready to go back to work here in
just a little bit and I'm just like oh
my gosh I've been with him for like two
weeks so you guys saw how last time I
was a big baby ready for it you guys
ready for it here comes all off doing a
dance with a Christmas present is it EQ
2014 and how frozen changed our love
forever all right Sammy I'll put him on
the tree hey baby
and Abram loves to bowl
that's a good spot he's facing the
inside of a tree tree up Sam's mom made
us all Christmas ornaments at a craft
fair that she would try things cute she
made that Abram and I have one Sam how
to learn they're all over the place this
is my husband laughs and gladden it okay
I'll turn to Olaf around why don't you
have it oh no I wasn't recording none of
that no spur over I'm never getting off
yeah I was recording that
it's wrong oh you did well we can still
get one for you dad do you want to take
this one off and put on your tree are
you sure I'm sorry baby
sweetie you got so much at Disneyland
remember what we got you the rep 200 but
we can't always get what we want okay
let me try sometime just my find you get
what you need what do you need water I
didn't know that yes every tree think I
did because they're gonna get the shower
go to work I can't believe I have to go
to work baby it's gonna be okay we're
gonna get you I'm gonna get you one
Sydney do you wanna build a snowman and
hang em on your Christmas tree we can
Google templates that we can use so we
can build really cool Olaf
did you accept me how to use Google
because we're going to Google a template
to make an Olaf wonderment for a
Christmas tree we're gonna make for your
tree how do you search Google you type
in right there Olaf or mint this one's
kind of cute a footprint
there's a footprint you can make a
button or if you just simply make my
that's one we have I like that one
daddy's gonna old do to paint them white
and put a nose on them that's perfect
or sock that's so cool you get a sock
you fill it up and stuff it and you tie
it off I think I do pick things up the
footprint is cool daddy what I'm buying
a hug you mean a kiss ah but you said a
barn a hug so that's all you're getting
by hug you said a buying at home I'm
Vienna kids Oh buying a kiss and a hug
Wow all right guys I love you can't give
up leave you guys we're gonna stay super
distracting to have lots of fun so we
don't think about the fact that you're
gone oh that sounds perfect just forget
about me no I am starving for maybe any
job but you guys you can't drive on the
roof plan till you change depends how
busy you are what do you guys think
should we take names along with us to
Florida for Christmas sounds like a
whole lot extra work to me but maybe
yeah well I thought you went back to
your room
mmm ffunny are you ready to make our
Christmas Olaf ornament exciting
Oh neat red painting yeah of course you
can yeah okay step one
awesome be really careful I know you
will here you go see hey guys
there's the artist at work
and the next step is to paint symphonies
but white which will make the snowman
Bonnie are you excited it's like Andy's
here reunited and it feels so good
seriously I miss Andy so bad I was
almost crying yesterday I was like you
don't wait to get home and I was
supposed to go to church today and I was
like you're not there I'm gonna have a
huge meltdown and crying your arms all
day I said that and I meant it you're ha
oh oh yeah when you're back at my home
huh it's an Olaf body okay no here we go
we're gonna do it like it this right or
Ready Set Oh what happened
Andres bail that they know that our
failed it um I think obvious fail but
that's okay we're going to make it work
somehow
Sandi thinks this is hilarious oh my
battery is dying womp womp okay well if
you don't love it I know I could the
princess is falling asleep we're waiting
for the blue part of her ornament to dry
we had to redo it so I think we're gonna
finish that tomorrow it's getting kind
of late something looks exhausted
Tiffany huh can you say good night okay
guys don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other well guys
welcome home I'm so happy that we're all
home and I guess that we will see you
all on tomorrow's vlog guys if you guys
liked our video give us a thumbs up and
we will see you all tomorrow bye
for their nest
for their mystery
