I mean it Stephanie or clean up the
kitchen this is Sam's and but more like
my own hi everybody
isn't she cute she's so sweet she just
came over and started helping clean up
and get everything ready for us we're
packing my came home she had been doing
laundry like cleaning our towels and
stuff she's got you all to be no you're
not like it Abram back you're being a
troublemaker how many of those do you
guys think he'll pull off right now what
are you gonna do he's helping us clean
the kitchen what time is it one went
through the house one last time they
gave us a couple extra hours cuz I
didn't realize we had a checkout time
pickup time was 1 o'clock and it's now
2:00 so we're saying goodbye to the
house hi
what did you want to say something or
did you scratch your face on the camera
I'm just gonna show that hey something
who you sitting with who's this yeah
Jesse yeah Jesse from tour school
Jessica doesn't look like a Cal girl cuz
I'm not whoa God
oh just a cup yeah yeah right big cousin
Jessica goodbye room this is where
little Mikey slapped him and his wife
I'm really sad about Michael leaving I'm
hoping that you'll come to Texas he
talked about coming in Texas and staying
for like six months or something so we
could maybe start a channel together and
you know spend more time together I just
have so much fun with him it's a really
unique relationship having a twin
brother and only those with the twin can
really understand what I'm saying we
share DNA
think about it Mike is definitely the
saddest part about leaving La feel like
I'm going further away from him he went
that way back to Hawaii we're going that
way back to Texas or even further apart
I said that we have to go home not
really
can you say bye-bye house say bye-bye
house say bye-bye la you hear the truck
this is it guys
we lived a good old life here for a week
it was very nice
it was extremely pleasant stay such an
extraordinary opportunity you're gonna
be miss beautiful house you're gonna be
missed greatly staff were you gone
oh so number one take Symphony exploring
somewhere I haven't had a chance that's
I've been here in LA well I had one
chance I took her exploring on the set
of the movie that we did Brian from
daily bump suggest did I go to a
Salvation Mountain but it's like three
hours away so that ain't happening honey
you've been miss this place
yeah I thought the sad leaving the
kitchen cuz I I mean it was just like my
home like I got up and cooks breakfast
for the family we made dinners and
dishes and stuff and I felt like you
choked and I leave in a little bit of a
home know I lost my voice um no guys if
you think about it pray that a room goes
to sleep so that when we get home that
he just goes back on schedule you got
everything
yeah where's my bag though all right you
got your pony all buckled up in here I
don't know if you introduce my aunt yet
this is Annette Stephanie my mom's
sister okay my mom's younger sister and
this is her daughter Jessica the camera
hog it's all dyed definitely that's too
beautiful not to be died
this is my sister my baby sister Betty
you guys look alike it's weird why do
you guys look so much alike oh it's so
weird it is weird
do you well do you guys have the same
dad I want to snicker ice cream bar
please
so we have like a couple hours before we
have to be at the airport right so we
found this park that's on the way we had
to pay $12 to come in here this little
man down he'll hi buddy
good I got green eyes you go what okay
crib Oh crayon ice cream okay here you
go Jessica are you
snicker bar please look what I got guys
the spongebob my favorite dollars I got
that offer Oh you bite his pants off
first
all by his head you guys are none of
these growing up how have we never had a
burger keep this fungus going it all
right come on y'all like get over candy
go to the candy oh man that looks so fun
what are you guys doing you guys look so
beautiful down there I like to say guys
looks like cat litter
look it feels gross in my hands toast
hippy not to get in it and like at a
broom ah I forgot to tell him he liked
that ball he's gonna go get it oh no
don't put in their shoe that was close
look at this guy's that is so awesome
those tricycles
good job man oh dude look at those
before
they're like little swivel wheels in the
back I want one of those for me me
that's what I want for Christmas
hey guys hem Ania here coming at you at
the park here in LA I don't know what
it's called we want to welcome all the
new subscribers from daily bumps thank
you guys so much for coming over and
daily bumps thank you guys so much for
the awesome shout out you guys gave us
if you guys haven't checked out the
daily bumps please go check them out to
like an amazing family I'm sure most of
you guys already know about them but
those those of you who don't go check
them out subscribe we'll put another
link in the description right here we
hope you end up sticking around and
seeing the things that we do from day to
day we've got some exciting things
coming up possibly something that might
be including Brian and Missy as well so
stick around and see what that could be
but we're just so excited and grateful
this is awesome you guys we had such an
amazing time with Brian and Missy
yesterday just almost kind of bummed out
that we live so far away and it might
potentially be a while before we end up
hanging out with him again it was
definitely a major highlight of this
trip for me and I know Sam as well the
kids had so much fun and Symphony really
was like warm and welcoming welcoming
towards them which you know when kids
are really warm and welcoming to people
that says something so you guys are
awesome kids love you that means you're
awesome right Abram he wants to go be
adventurous so bad but he's just not
doing it
hi cutie going the shaky bridge shaky
bridge shaky bridge
he's not going to brave it I don't blame
them
good job buddy way to know your limits
we're having boy time over here and
there was a girl time over there does
this kind of how life is right you know
the guys are out being active the girls
are sitting around gossiping I hate to
say that but no it's true right what's
the latest I love how he looks in these
shoes
everybody's wearing my mom thinks he
looks poor I think it looks middle class
or lower middle class when he's having
fun he just does not swallow his saliva
it goes everywhere but down his throat
you're a snotty snotty boy buddy you're
going down the slide come on buddy
come on now look we owe so dirty right
here he isn't he's so much braver than
Symphony was at this age it's soaked is
that the little boy Sydney was so scared
of slides and she still kind of is are
you gonna go down the bumpy side this
time he's gonna do it whoa whoa whoa oh
good job buddy
with the fun you're so brave I'm so
proud of you I'm so proud of my little
boy he's so brave
that's sick of one finger prize my eyes
contou after she ate all the chocolate
off no you did it oh no you did did you
see that she's dipping her fries in her
ice cream just because potatoes and ice
cream comes out sounds like a horrible
idea
you ready that is me coping go go
oops sorry seen Erica bars
Oh
so cool
by Stephanie
syrota kiddo be good to your mom to get
your dad okay don't forget they raised
you you bet Stephanie cute and delivered
you to this sorry sorry place she wants
to go to Hollywood to go find some
famous people but I'm like famous people
right here why'd you have to go to
Hollywood who are you hoping to see
famous enough who are you hoping to see
I don't know Taylor Swift okay what
Leonardo DiCaprio Johnny Depp who who
I don't you there's got to be somebody
on your mind there's got to be somebody
specific I don't even care but you just
want to see somebody she's a story to
tell
Tiffany found herself a little hideout
hey you
- cool shot
what is that
like that were you scared he was
flirting with this girl beside me long
ago
he was she was fighting with a girl boy
I was so capable and just like do this
he's like too bad and he was like half
like he said hi smelt and he was like
out of nowhere and he never does though
that we just doing it supreme yourself a
paladin huh we have now a baby we got to
go to sleep I thought it would be busier
at night end but it's not it's like
though wasn't it wasn't it's like at
5:00 a.m. this seems like my old Orange
the way they never would like that it
was rude you guys would never be you're
disrespectful never they just did things
that work well let's go to here where
does we made to the airport again with
40 minutes to spare it's nice I've never
flown at nighttime it's always in the
morning so we're just hanging out now
we're going to put another link to the
daily bumps make sure you check them out
believe right here and again guys
welcome to our channel you new
subscribers thank you so much for
checking us out and welcome to the fam
basic fan basic is what we call our our
viewers over here the salmon new channel
stands for fan
brothers and sisters in Christ so
welcome to our channel guys and we'll
see you guys tomorrow and don't forget
we love you and remember to look each
other
six minutes of full time should I be
there on the ground and 1225
minutes after that on to the game
thirty minutes before our landing I'll
give you a quick out there weather of
the airport enjoy the fun
