lemme show you where that walking off of
that you are my brother you are my
sister
made by the same guy
by the same heart we've got
there's no
where I won't
in this together this is a little little
office on this morning simply found her
first thing simply what you think of
miss very elf cooking in there that was
a cool greatest thing about bo mom you
might get past their both Mike with this
money
Marco boom yeah don't get here on this
face look for getting ready rushing
around the house
honey you're looking great huh thank you
hey guys we all doing today I'm sure
they're doing wonderful you guys are
gonna love my shirt it's like the winter
rendition of the frozen lip-sync shirt
here it is right here
oh yeah notice that it looks kinda like
you're frozen shirt and it is raining
outside kind of a bummer well it's been
raining it also just stopped they picked
the perfect we do this video on kind of
a bummer
nothing not a big deal because most of
this gonna be shot indoors anyway trying
to find my new shoes oh you guys like my
new shirt this is a shirt new got me
doesn't he look great you guys well
we're pulling out the driveway and we
get a text from the producer saying you
got to bring symphony some extra changes
of clothes and so we're in here get
accepted me ready at the last minute she
got pretty upset she was expect to stay
home with Nana and Andre in the can
Abram so simply is going to be hanging
out with us today I'm excited I'm glad
to get to be with us this is a geyser
made it it's pouring out there just
wanna get the sign this is what it's
called
Castle green 99 come on guys go wow this
is really pretty look at it it's a
natural castle out here this is going to
be the setting it's actually going to
mostly take place inside but there's
going to be shot outdoor somewhere in
the grass or something look at it this
is beautiful look at this place guys
let me see if I can start practicing you
lock it come on where is it I don't want
to mess a moment I wouldn't practice my
lesson okay can I be our new member
there's the gaffer's
look at all the equipment does the
cameramen over there
oh wow look they got a diffuser over
there go on huh sir are you just going
you guys are coming family Zach I mean
other costume designer here she's gonna
fix this up for our lip-sync
oh wow she's got some blue shirts over
there yes this place this is like legit
leave this stuff is there's a camera
crew yeah this place is beautiful
leaders like you kill okay buddy yeah
maybe that was a similar vibe and then
and that but I think what you learned we
got a blue base shirts Berkeley I prefer
that one to be honest or what I'm
wearing no this this world and then for
you I got I can change you get that
warms Kristen Casey so it looked like
something you might wear but it's a bit
yeah outfit
it's your hi choreographer Samuel
YouTube which is going to help a bit
okay okay
so what I'm gonna be dances or not a
performer but content of help like
elevate that okay hi menges
oh yeah just making gotcha oh so what's
your role is the main makeup I'm trying
to get that okay even if she's gonna
make a roll it was
she's the ager Tiffany what you eating
over there blood games oh dear I just
found out honey play that the people
doing our makeup is one of the guys who
did Benjamin Button ah touch Brad Pitt's
face and he's gonna touch my face Oh
same hand on breast it will be
underneath like crap my god like crazy
the same artist who made for the man but
Nicole you should do it off while you do
it inside she cover up all in blemishes
she thought it'd be cool if my hair's
like this cuz it's a little bit
different than the original video so
we're doing a lip sync but they want to
mix it up a little bit they wanted to
make it look different but a little bit
the same so people can identify with it
pretty quickly when they see it so
they're kind of making the same color
shirts but to do a little bit
differently with her headband I'm deep
using flour so you're gonna come out of
her head well 3 we're going to do
they're like this I'm going to come back
work you're walking in the back of the
camera
Frank's now out the window there he come
down and we see a nurse who thinks she's
got powers and there's a male nurse
behind with a fire extinguishers trying
to make them think that she's like okay
I've been a prawn run down you're in
front of the camera there look as Oken
receptionist the nursing home the words
the oken so you know the oken character
you're the guy who's opened the shop
okay yeah is there here's where Michael
is playing with the fuse box and the
spark goes 15 minutes oh yeah three
seconds Wow
cuts rap is your plane to Bangkok this
whole room right here is gonna be packed
with people thanks guys not really our
first lip-sync but you are lip-sync guys
so they got the car all set up they got
a GoPro in there some lights I'll show
you guys a grenade oh it's the reason
why I'll be working I look at this man
really look at there they got this car
fixed
yes mom maybe just just before I'm going
to ask you remember you guys did this
before and you're joking mom and dad is
singing except on this one I love you
today really similar like before and if
you would like to color this little dog
in can you do that the whole time we
make a video yo you're filming sure like
we'll put colors in your folders and you
have all your options nice lighting in
here right guys okay well lit Oh
Cynthia's back there Wow
oh so there's a cable go ahead put it
back I mean I would do all the way up so
and you cannot stop there and
mr. Pugh yeah oh maybe it's the party
talking or the chocolate fondue also one
of those two mics lots of movements
really helpful for me because when you
cut so like do you guys have a lot of
movement as it is so if you're matching
when I cut you guys being old you'll do
exactly the same movements and the
movement is great for an edit so like
say you go all my life or something and
then you've suddenly turn old man you're
going at the same time like I'm just a
little old okay yeah we'll keep that in
mind that's not very good once we go
we're going to run in and check the
footage real quick just to make sure we
have what you want so good hanging your
particulates for did you want to go back
in we could just hang in here at the end
just hang here that's fine okay great
that'll be easy as well that's great
okay guys we did like 12 takes not the
whole song just the first part of the
song so they took the GoPro they're
inside reviewing the footage that we got
how do you think he did I feel like I
messed up a couple lot of times I feel
like we have maybe one good take we're
just so nervous I try to get the cue
exact we weren't exact in the original
video I mean his perfect take is my
unperfect taking oh really how family
would come back say I'm gonna need a few
more takes me you guys do know the song
right come on guys actually you're fired
we're gonna go those other viral people
actually we actually got another couple
here who did the lip-sync as well that
really sang the song they're
better-looking parents so we're gonna go
ahead and use them but anyway we're
waiting just give you an update Michael
said he's in there and he just met the
grown-up Symphony so that's gonna she
was pretty you gave a girl look like old
people I'll go to look I got old people
okay our second outing we just finished
it and we're heading back to the cast
it's called the castle green and
hopefully we're going to get a little
bit of grub in our tummies I'm super
hungry that felt really good I felt like
the first take that we did was just like
we got it right on cue so hopefully
we're good to go inside and I'm a little
nervous I don't understand because we're
supposed to be doing rehearsal and
symphonies not supposed to be with us at
rehearsal it's like an all-day thing but
she's with us because we filmed the
video so I'm like oh we gotta go get her
Andre is gonna come here I feel bad for
Andre it has to come get her it somewhat
with pretty good ways away simply this
is you in the future oh you're gonna be
beautiful you guys think they look alike
yeah they do it does though I'm Sammy
over dad this is Nia are you sure you're
an actress regularly or what just saying
her son is oh oh oh sure so how do they
find you I have a Disney okay nice
there's the forest creature your foot
cover gungho man leave this don't go out
there
that poor guy right there leaders Oh
one two and then drops over there and
then broke perfect she's going for crazy
in exit and so that gives you guys time
to have theoretically to chase around
here so you're a nurse huh you're a
nurse are you gonna be like giving
somebody a shot or something slamming
them down and just give a shot I'll be
fine well lit in here oh that's why so
there's the car goes so she's over
working on the fake car that we're going
to get in a very
symphony simply going to take us through
the hospital and we keep kind of pulling
away from her going in our own direction
and in between there's going to be like
different crazy scenes all right now
we're just blocking at all so we're not
doing any details right now just walking
through it try to get the time
and it is right here in this room these
are the cool guys that you guys our
viewers our fan base get the city to be
the first one to see the inside of this
video you guys are first ones you can
see anything related to youtuber work as
I research the award show and I couldn't
find a single thing on looks like he's
probably like 85 like I have like your
inside love your little menu so adorable
there he is right there you guys know
yawning sleepy already that's the first
time I you all know that when I caught
it right away playing the music for the
first time bringing back memories really
good memories
running through it from the top for the
first time with the music I'm sort of
like I am I'm fighting you guys are just
following this is in England you're the
right below your America
is Mikey oh we were early so yeah we
just spotted immune so we thought well
then we go again
frequent over there please no
right
already there
yes
Michael's helping with the car
symphonies driving it she loved this car
you lived that car symphony maybe we can
drive it home Deniz
let me come best little talk of the year
is she heavy Oh
let me know your stability to her thank
you for being so good for there what
we're doing is all you do I'm training
your training yeah
fun up there eat a snack and a ride yeah
everyone
I want to jalapeno while ago I said Sam
I wonder home he knows so bad because
they have the pickled ones back here so
we got this little break and Sam comes
back here to get snacks and he's getting
like a handful of crackers but he comes
back up there no I'm like where's the
jalapeno did he get me one nope alrighty
here we go
my memory
did you do your funny flag for the with
you
we're good at walking off a bit too
early
black piranha practicing help me the
shit is good yeah you do good crazy
there you go all right
wow you got it down well that's a wrap
guys we're done practicing for today
there's a bro home now you can grate in
there when Ana get up and look baby hey
buddy we're about to come see you I see
a little baby man he thinks today was a
long time with that mama wait till
tomorrow
oh he get great fitting hi cosmos at
least you should see a hug big hug
you're such a good sister you really are
something we take care of baby brother
we'll get haircuts
look this is Jesse hi Jesse
time for Marco to get naked oh no birds
are flying out millions are falling out
I said there could be anything in there
you know could be a sandwich in there
and maybe a chicken leg fender was
bought Pandora's box no way
maybe a little troll a troll look
exactly like me now Wow Wow
he really is hungry under there it looks
just like me keep it just like that yeah
just like that like that oh yeah I'll go
up what do they call that out what
Sanchez Dirty Sanchez okay so it looks
like I have a really dirty one you just
so I get a Sardar feels perfect
which book with cherry flavor yeah
watermelon hey Roma is just seriously
crying for his bed oh no did you
overstep that is so sad Lisa spookiness
to your face looks longer than mine it
is taller husband uses a little bit
thicker shorter and more masculine
anyway we were staking out pretty early
Jen hey coz we gotta get the blog done
pretty quick I usually get it done like
right before I go to bed but I'm trying
to get it done you know within the next
hour it's like what time is it six
o'clock seven o'clock as I seen you guys
uhm yeah we'll see you guys tomorrow
tomorrow is going to be the exciting
part the very exciting part we're into
the video and Nia wanted a ring remind
you guys that we also have another
surprise coming up at the end of the
week so don't forget to come back on the
weekend and check out the fun things we
have going on the chicken because after
we finished filming the video tomorrow
the fun exciting things do not stop and
I can't wait just so excited about it
been planning our outfits for a so today
I have to clean shave because tomorrow
me and I want to get prosthetics and
turning to old people I'm going to do
really cool time lapses of those
tomorrow so be back tomorrow for that
it's called me a wild eye we got to be
that 5:00 a.m. it cool thing about their
haircuts being similar as that so I've
known Pam for 10 years away and Michael
for 10 years now and this is the most
twin like I've seen them since high
school but I'm very first of all they're
like very first time for the first time
I was like whoa they're like I did
and cows have always been different yet
very different as you get to know that
like like immediately that's the first
time we ever had like exact same haircut
oh dear dear anyway alright guys don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
we shall just
for amnesty
