good morning the very main man and then
others over here
yay blueberries Walmart was out of
regular blueberries and the produce
enters hard to get frozen and they make
a mess so today is packing a as you can
tell I'm already doing two loads of
laundry at the moment we just get up
like 20 minutes ago you are my sister
we've got to
um
where I won't
in this together from this bowl on the
tree that's a room in which one is you
pick
beautiful day huh water your winds
I don't clean very often in the backyard
but I have a lot of junk out here over
here just stuff that's built up over
time like old doors old we had an old
dining room table out there and we had a
lot of trash little things here and
there I don't know what it is about
taking a long trip it makes me feel like
I got to really clean up maze because
it's kind of like a dangerous trip or
taking if you think about it we could
all die and nothing all this mess for
somebody else to clean I'd hate to do
that so I'm out here
subconsciously preparing my family to
take care of my belongings take out a
lot of trash though just junk sitting
around somebody's gonna pick up that
table before the end of the day I
guarantee it kind of sad though isn't it
then I have to wait to have a go on a
long trip before I start really cleaning
up something I'd really like to change
about myself
No maybe it's just that I want to come
home to a clean yard maybe that's all it
is and I'm not forecasting my death at
all hopefully that's all it is
I'm sure there's all of this simply
wants me to come help her do some
stickers down you're a cutie stall read
about the wait I just want to clean up
the yard a little man and help him go a
little bit tears in his eyes oh you're
going your car okay okay
putting another foot in first can help
you it's been an hour look it's already
gone I had the legs inside of the trash
bin in the table set leg along the trash
cans and it's gone people pick up stuff
fast around here
I don't understand we don't have much
traffic on this road maybe it's my
neighbor I don't know Persephone sandy
we got to tell you something come on you
can tell her what sweating what are we
telling me taller mm what you know why
just tell her last night know that we're
staying in no I already asked for so
you're not staying not coming back no
you have to we're moving to San Diego
guys Andy's been fearful of that for a
long time I think yes like sisters over
here I said you're not saying they're
right I do see your wall hanging is down
yeah we're trying to pack up see we got
empty walls I don't like it however we
do have flowers up now did you see her
flowers you like them yeah we're just
gonna doing he's just cranky right now
where's your son at huh okay cool mm-hmm
his name is cuff you should know I do
know we know
Oh Christmas tree
oh did you hear I thought you meant the
Sun up in the sky really moving there
this has been one of those days where
like I got out this morning to run my
errands and then since then it's been
one of those like lazy days but not
really because I've been packing all day
but I got Sam like a little surprised
you that it Hobby Lobby to me give it to
him now
you can put on the tree pants to plus
while Sam was catching up on his beauty
sleep I cut up the stocking there's so
many oh my goodness it's crazy I don't
even feel like I have them all up
they're the ones that I want Sam I got
this for you to hang on the tree do you
like it yeah what do you guys think
let's go sip negara Christmas amazed
yeah and it comes with a Barbie look at
that mom that's nice real nice am I good
at the sexy one oh really
so one dress opposed to another way have
you see my mom's here ready to take the
trip with us I know what she's thinking
wearing those boots on a long trip oh
wait she has to there this guy's real
picked up ready to go are you already
going so everything's pretty much pack
as far as our clothes go things to Nia I
just got to get my clipping together I'm
gonna bring one camera one lens so I
could take pictures of symfony do some
exploration pictures with her somebody
told me about an old zoo in Los Angeles
like an old run-down Zoo I'm gonna have
to take her there that sounds amazing
for exploration photos I'm on here check
out the weather and where we're going to
be staying you guys want to see where
we're going to be famous is like a
duplex will be standing this pushed in
the house I'm not sure if we'll have the
downstairs and upstairs but it's three
bedrooms big enough for all of us 50%
chance of showers tomorrow and it's
going to be a nice day on Monday kind of
a bummer I think we're doing most of the
shooting on the 4th but we're going to
practice these days
to those days it looks like it's gonna
be raining 100% chance it's gonna be
raining on Tuesday so that's gonna be
kind of messy oh well
are you excited we got to wake you up
really early again are you gonna get up
with a good attitude again like you did
last time
are you decided to get on the airplane
who are you gonna sit with can you go
underneath the tree and be our present
keep going there you go dad a present I
have like a surprise in here for you I
want to shopping and I got Sam some new
clothes and your shoes what I was gonna
say you're rude yes cool it's not sure
do you wanna see it I know isn't it cute
try filming okay I'm gonna show see him
every day I got him I went to get I
snuck out today doing my thing no no
realest leave that for you that's pretty
cool oh did you see the shoes don't pick
it too soon yet shoes not only that
pretty nice shoes and then a cute casual
top for you okay and Jen's Day has been
my name's in commerce and he told me
please don't get on without him but he
never went to got to get him and I
wanted him to have him for this trip so
I got him some and believe it or not
they have this new style of Commerce or
new to me like little leather and suede
like you could get them all leather with
suede or like all suede with leather so
it's like a soft leather up here and
they're wider they're made for wider
feet are you doing Oh what's wrong baby
it's okay baby
come here I'll turn them off she got so
upset about this dog did you guys see
that
hey I know I want you to wake you up was
it just frustrating me
so sad I thought she's getting up to go
pee we all packed and ready to go what
you eatin some ice
you know ice and beans remember that
guy's rice and vegetables about six
hours till go time six hours he let me
sleep today so I'll probably a bowl
night again I'll do the vlog here in a
few minutes but we just want to wish you
guys a farewell until six hours where we
will pick up the block we're packing a
lot of extra stuff this time because
we're going to be gone double the amount
of last time so the kids have their own
suitcase we have our own suitcase we all
have carry-ons there's a lot of junk to
carry around even got gum like that yes
it's not over everything I even brought
something for something we have a little
surprise for her we have a little
surprise at the end of our trip for you
guys as well
so be ready it's a pretty big surprise
we're pretty nervous about it but yeah
definitely it's gonna be really cool
until tomorrow guys don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other
can I guys good night see you tomorrow
No
for amnesty
