I think a your same ring in the tree yay
yes there is oh I'm so excited
my brother you are my sister made by the
same guy loved by the same
got to live
to give love
in this together hmm can you take a
drink so today for the first time I
hosted some friends from church to have
a playdate at our house and I was really
nervous about it I've been really
nervous about hosting stuff at our house
for like new friends but I did it today
and they made me feel super comfortable
about it it was a lot of fun I didn't
vlog any of it because I was already
kind of nervous as it was and I wanted
to make sure you know the kids were all
where they needed to be in that Symphony
and Abram were in good hands plus we
were working on a craft together so I
kind of needed to use my hands anyways
hey you're thinking of my shot over
there thanks my name is drink your juice
thank you need to drink thank you need
to drink your juice but it went really
good and it made me feel comfortable
like in the future I definitely feel
like I can host more things now for new
people so I'm just wow you're proud in
that way
I'm trying to talk them into getting the
Christmas stuff out of the shed so that
we can decorate talked him into it guys
Sam they want to do it get the Christmas
decor out we want Christmas we want
Christmas can you go get it out Sam let
me think we have a Christmas tree we do
have a tree we have decorations out
there of a tree
didn't we get like I think we got like
three trees last year cuz we did a big
photo shoot don't we hum don't we have
like a snow-capped one and everything Oh
gross no catch where did it go we did
throw it away but it was new you guys
want to see the Christmas wreaths I've
been working on I'm almost done this one
that one is not done I got to do a
letter and then this one I just have to
paint the letter Symphony's away we're
Symphony she's in the bathroom okay
sissy oh he knew exactly what I said
Oh Zim Phoebe Jin ho ho whoa whoa
somebody woke up on the wrong side of
the bed I can hear her going hmm I think
I your Samri in the tree yes there is oh
I'm so excited
oh is this is Ruth Supriya lit wine it
down and feel where the box
yay you guys it beginneth oh my god
Christmas I just almost ran over a
Brooklyn where should we put it
Sam did he go back outside I don't know
Wow yay tree time Oh more decorations
come here oh whoa something about
putting these icicle lights all on the
walls in here you think I should put
icicle lights along the walls in here
blonde goes ceiling yeah
pretty I don't know what to do with that
I ended up doing the count you guys oh
yeah
I was imagining you're looking
sectionals Oh what do I do I don't know
what to do with it come here sis come
look at this oh yeah Sam's progress is
looking a lot cuter than mine look at
this room so I'm rearranging the
furniture look at it whomp-whomp
but the furniture is coming along nicely
it brings back good memories for me to
sit over here like I remember sitting in
this area when they were pregnant with
Symphony and just really nice I'm
pushing right here like this can you
guys please let me have it just in here
cooking dinner and look at my sights and
sounds
so cute oh yeah
it's a tiny Christmas tree Symphony just
a tiny one good sized tree for a little
house that's our fake tree guys we
really wanted to get a real one this
year but just didn't happen downside of
this treatise on the lights are out all
right change some of the fuses but still
not working there you are
Tiffany are you gonna put the first
Christmas bulb on the tree you are which
one is it gonna be I'm not gonna kill
you yeah come on Sims tell me yeah I
bought the pickle it's on the floor in
the kitchen that the first one you're
gonna put on there
our very first moment here we go this is
a momentous moment for 2014
to
symphonie ever since you've been born we
had a Christmas tradition okay we got to
do it this year too we put you at the
top of the Christmas tree niyama we lift
you up and on top of the Christmas tree
every year are you ready
come on Christmas tradition one two
three jump now you're in there and over
proper tree there it is guys I'll go out
to work and then just look there for you
guys but for a couple strands too short
you come over here where they have
enough
bright things shiny hey guys come on in
every year Nina I always listen to the
same Christmas music by folk angel
that's like my favorite Christmas music
of all time he has got to try them out
full cangzhou they sing o come Emmanuel
the First Noel silent night headed home
angels we have heard on high just such
an awesome voice listen to him Wellcome
you
and ransom captive Israel
rejoice rejoice we man
Chantal asked me to make her a bow for
her tree I thought I would make one for
our tree because I've never made my own
decorative oh here it goes
Oh beautiful honey you did such a great
job a beautiful view and garden you
don't like the bow you like you can put
a star on your tree how about that okay
I guess we could put more lights on a
tree make a little bit more even there's
a little gap right now okay hey here's
hello kitty
Oh all dressed up and sure Israeli NGO
Heather - two eyes like your tutu
durable champagne they're helping to
decorate the tree may ask and the game
gear they have a peg goose deftly peg
goose you're so cute soon
of course you found a snowman this guy
loves - no man you're a little snowman
he's got snowman thighs actually for
those where you going dude you want to
put it on the he was put on the piano ah
cute he wants it to dance
yep he's gonna go by the piano watch he
loves this thing so much guys here you
go buddy
baby
I gotta put some batteries in the form
I'm sorry you little snowman you're so
cute
this is the wolf symphony made last year
for her third birthday or third
Christmas I mean she gonna put on her
tree this crimson you remembered that
sand in there what's it called
nothing yeah you loved moon sand and
there's like little crafts in there that
you'd like to do look there's a gum
wrapper yeah you know why that's in
there why because you love gum
especially on the third year I Stephanie
love these fuzzy things like gluing them
and putting them on paper last year I
was one our favorite crafts come on
dream up sir oh he's trying so cute so
cute ah such a beautiful Christmas mom
flowers
oh these are kind of cool
sir dude look at these cool lights Arnie
we're gonna step away from true form
indoor sizes they're asking for our
sizes for our video so we can do some
measuring
I need my height waist hips inside leg
chest caller suit size I don't know what
my suit size is my t-shirt size my jean
size on my shoe size well they're going
really dresses up I guess I already know
your neck size 15 yep exactly
yeah pretty my mean it's like right on
the mark right very much just not this
is like a little bit over a bit I'm sure
if I was me that's good I think you can
just put her on there
there we go that's beautiful
I get that pretty tree Oh
we'll put it back up here well here's
what our family tree is looking like so
far oh my goodness is like when I'm a
snowflake I put some flowers on the door
all these Duke the guys be honest I
bought those like good we're less sure I
also put this little garland in the
kitchen be honest i stupid
yeah not doesn't fit right looks kind of
silly now all we need is you guys
presidents to put under the tree
go ahead spend them on him he's like Oh
totally kidding guys you know I'm
kidding
well since me and Sam got married we've
been picking out um and you wanna meet
Joe which by the way we need to get a
new ones there so here's our first one
our first Christmas together there's our
second one but Mammoth Mountain um this
is second or third and I know sometimes
we get more than one
here's definitely like our fourth one I
think Dale or Texan we went there for
Christmas at your first Christmas Boone
yeah that's change you want to eat with
it you can eat Syria with it in the
morning
No
right oh yeah this is totally separate
from what we're coming to film this is
just we just thought it'd be fun to like
include this with you guys well we got
the kids down guys it's a very quiet
house right now very quiet but very
Christmassy yeah I'm not sure what we
were thinking getting any stuff out on
the day before we have to get ready for
our trip we're pretty much leaving
tomorrow because we have to leave the
next day up for a in oh my gosh again
and for you yeah that'll be fun though
it's exciting my mom is just like so
incredibly excited about the trip she's
just like ecstatic she's like I can't
even tell you in words how excited I am
we're just kind of working on our our
crafts I'm over you're catching up on
photography I plan to get all my shoots
up to date all of them out before or by
the end of tomorrow this is what I'm up
to I'm shipping out wreaths Christmas
orders my goal for this week was to get
all of my Christmas orders out before
with on our vacation I only have one
that did not get completed that feels so
bad cuz she's gonna get it like right
before Christmas the only thing that
we're not caught up to date on with the
whole Christmas spirit thing is gifts I
have bought a couple stocking stuffers
well a few and we have no gifts to wrap
for under the tree which really is not a
big deal I always wait til the day
before Christmas anyway to do my
Christmas shopping I am not like that I
like a month ahead of time or like all
throughout people I'd be like that but
I'm like that I want to try something
new this year you guys and Sam doesn't
agree with me tell me what you think
actually I think that we shouldn't buy
the kids any presents they can have
their stock any presents and then have
four dancers doll cake presents I mean
they have so many toys look around our
house you guys where are they gonna go
where are the toys gonna go we get rid
of some more toys but anyway um hope you
guys had a Happy Thanksgiving if you
guys didn't see our Thanksgiving video
yesterday go check it out was really fun
we did a lot of things I went running in
my stupid costume really we went and
passed out socks at a nursing home that
was really fun and then we went and had
a huge family bash at a friend's house
and just played the tickle challenge and
it was just a whole lot of fun you guys
gotta go check out yesterday's vlog okay
guys well don't forget we love you and
remember
to love each other
No
he shot you
