Happy Thanksgiving you are my sister
made by the same guy
we've got to live
not to give love
where I won't
in this together happy Thanksgiving guys
as you can see him representing here
Cowboys play the so-and-so today so I'm
looking for them
turkey trot just pretty early I feel
like everybody's mad at me giving
getting month early are you mad at me
huh you mad at me yeah not at all well I
am a little bit sweet
yeah next we got to wake up the little
man he's the one who really mad at me
Happy Thanksgiving
hey it's okay it's Thanksgiving he did
put us happy thank you buddy there's our
little turkey man excited when the
alarms were going off this morning else
in all my gosh Thanksgiving is ruined up
way too early what you set it for four
o'clock 4:30
I thought you toys
it was 5:30 I'm so excited Abramson Oh
turkey right there okay she's spinning
your turkey feet on those turkeys hey
put your leg down put them as are so
yeah buddy oh my gosh how cute there you
go look at that warm turkey daddy this
is gonna keep you even warmer sweetie
sweet turkey girl
look at that cute Turk oh no your bear
sign English
just a little bit not totally I'm just a
thief and embarrassed visible I'm the
only one not dressed Turkey ish I was
gonna get a headband but it just didn't
happen I didn't think I was gonna be
running or walking I thought I was gonna
be on the sidelines so like what's the
point but friends are going to be
involved with kid stuff so far were the
only ones dressed up as turkeys I am the
stuffing he said you got to put some
stuffing in there though here we go
No
it's blowing up come here Symphony look
at daddy hey this guy over here is like
are you kidding
Wow Sam oh my god wow wow it really blew
up like a turkey oh my gosh you're crazy
how's it go up there's a little motor
there oh the baby turkey ready he's like
take it off mom oh you didn't like it
never headed towards the line now I'm
not really sure where in fact we didn't
bring safety pins we're supposed to
bring your own safety pin to the time
we're new at this obviously there's only
like two other people dressed up sock
monkeys every Thanksgiving
here's some cute tutus nice tutus for
Turkey hats I need one of those hats
I've got my uncut version look at all
these people
ladies and gentlemen of 2014 Capital One
Night ymc Turkey Trot official time is
8:45 5k date my little began 15 minutes
yeah
night
we knew
it doesn't matter under any officer
offered rum raagta rum
this is still good one good one
you guys like my shirt I love it this is
such a cute Turkey Trot shirt all the
colors matches my shoes and my shorts
my legs are turning to jelly I don't
normally work out this intensively I've
never run as much as I've been running
Happy Thanksgiving girls they're so cute
they're in that little outfit
nice best 5k is one hour 11 minutes we
did it happy butterball day follow you
guys online dear oh yeah Oh me what
you're Mary Fisher
Larry Fisher restaurant owner is my
daughter Lori Ann hi I'm happy for you
all the things you
it's very good oh happy Thanksgiving
guys are you the guy who looked at your
frozen yeah we're the one I love your
costume buddy yeah I didn't think I was
that recognizable in this know your
favorite cell dude we almost won but
there's a lot of people ahead of us we
couldn't run very good but everybody's a
winner there we are guys you guys hear
that
that's the calm before the storm here at
Walmart we're shopping on the day before
Black Friday and it's pretty quiet
around here what are some people we're
gonna go to the nursing home slash rehab
or Bebo's that and we're going to hand
out some socks to some of the residents
there and I'm going to dress up in my
turkey outfit again
my trick and blowup costume and make
some of the residents laugh or smile
hopefully right now these are cool we
could get these four guys these four
girls they got funny guys they got all
this stuff wrapped up for Black Friday's
shirt sweater for like four bucks more
shirts look just I'll live it all up
front this stuff none of it looks like a
good deal to me I don't get it I thought
it'd be cool if we just handed out
panties we're at the rehab center where
my mom is staying we have our socks and
flowers for my mom there's Sam 15th
right up here
all right Sydney take us to our first
room go pick a room yeah all right go
ahead knock on the door you want a first
on Wow
no you know okay I'm just a bar ball
Turkey here just coming I wish you a
Happy Thanksgiving
look I'm really good
it actually took me kind of seriously
even though I was wearing this big guy
one lady was like you have a large man
they're really cute they're saying such
cute things the last lady I was like can
you tell what I am she's like Santa
Claus those kids really cute such a
blessing talking to them we could hand
it out and let it air socks and we
always had prayers for them and they
loved Symphony like a couple the guys
give her big hugs she's kind of scared
but they brought her real close as like
well have you been a little good little
girl this year was really sweet about
that darling I am so bad at you you
don't forget my name already can you say
Margaret I'm so happy that you came to
see me because I don't have any memories
here
Oh Oh Kyle's coming at me does Matthew
Raider yeah yeah Jimmy
everything's Kimmy don't fall
rachel is Oh everybody's excited about
the turkey
I wanted POV on YouTube that's not
making the cut so this is Kristin's
house guys
she holds or hosts Thanksgiving for us
every single year without family every
single year starting last year Kristin
the cook my mom's got some really good
news that she wants announced to all of
you guys here we go
so I went on to AdvoCare clans about
three weeks ago and they told you she
was off sugar for like six days I think
last time we talked about it I went off
sugar for 24 days I did a 24 day
challenge and I've lost 700 pounds Wow
mom we get you look amazing even with
that boot on thank you Sam yes to has
been for us you look great mom you
really do thank you yeah I'm so proud of
digging
face the turkey
in Turkey I think that's a turkey base
is my sister she's one year younger than
I am exactly rachel is a consultant at
where Noma administrative assistant eth
consulting Oh Andrew he's not our little
brother he plays video games for living
uh-huh dog ma gamer gamer game you are
the ceremony Mario this is my uncle not
look wrong TV I'm not sure what happened
but I think we all turned into
hillbillies
ever let her go rectify we're doing a
tickle challenge and Matt was the first
one I have not been tickled like that I
can remember since I was a kid
let's do organized in the same to talk
Andrews really not that ticklish oh man
I'm so good
who can breed now
we got one herd out of 13 that ain't too
bad you okay Adam I'm you okay down
there buddy the back of my head pressure
hose
I felt across
Abraham's upset over here you okay buddy
America's are gonna wrap us tonight with
things that were thankful for I'm
thankful for the ultimate gift a brother
on MTV I drove I'm thankful for the
gifts that God gave his son Carson and
I'm thankful for the obvious things my
family my home my car all these things
obviously that job you guys
but mostly I'm thankful for Jesus Christ
and for probably eternal life so firstly
the cameraman I'm just gonna go with
what kainoa mine was my freedom to
worship freely in this country I can
just go to church and serve and worship
and be a part of you know teaching the
children in charge without any kind of
like real persecution so that's what I'm
mainly that you're for thing I'm not
recording you are just
he's your Sony stuff
how does hold it like this anyway you
look at so cheese by the top focusing
right thing don't pay yourself focusing
focusing all right my five seconds what
do you thankful for
one two three four bar symphony rare and
safe and sound very I'm thankful for
this girl and you guys what do you think
before Kristin one two three four five
times up for the whore mom for five and
Rudy favor four one two three four box
ready Etha would it be four one three
four narrator family member my men first
not like difficulty oh yeah edram what
do you think before
Christian you're gonna go
thank you for every case it really did
Alexis what are you doing over here
you're so sweet what a helper everyone's
over here working in this method I kind
of got out of cleaning overs I went in
today yeah everyone was leaning when I
came out a lot happier he's like you in
a circle okay this house never comes
down these people it just costs to the
rolled up tomorrow's love get over here
love you we're gonna put this ice cube
down angle it back a block i cuted i
just got the whole you got him do it do
it you'll see you later thanks for being
on our block today we're so mad
oh my gosh oh my god and remember
we shall just
Wow so what your oh my god Wow Wow it
really blew up like a turkey oh my gosh
you're crazy
