Hey what do you doing buddy
man you hungry you want to eat your toes
mmm
what was that
where are you going
did you hear me say hungry I was talking
about your feet
he's running through the table yeah you
pulled out the chair everything he's
tapping on the chairs like mama is that
Mommy see you
this
by the same guy nobody say
to give love
the world won't know
in this together what is going on in
here Symphony what is this where is this
commotion about
pretty Romina wait The Hunger Games
Charlie what you Teresa knows cold
Courtney why did you do this to my wife
why those are nice books I know I can't
visually are guys my good days did you
like him Courtney I did I like them so
much
I read one at work one day and as soon
as I got off I think I have to get the
other ones and time you read it all one
day why Brad one in one day and then in
the wind a couple days to get the other
there so I didn't have any children or
care for this happen
I still couldn't do it did you offer any
more
whoa man he's fast let him go he just
turned that thing moving around we're
looking and go wow
hi Courtney fine thank you don't bring
me these looks I'm excited about it this
was fun surprise hang out all morning
yeah we ended up coming to the library
what are you gonna make at cakey yeah an
apple turkey left a bunch of little
setting where you gonna go every year go
find a spot like here's your Apple
you're gonna poke it and make a turkey
out of that what is the turkey say yeah
that's it
I love it see little tails that's
awesome made guys I went out today and I
forgot the SD card for the camera what
the heck so here's what you all missed
Abram was screaming hysterically at this
dog in the Christmas aisle at Walmart
they have like those blowup animals that
are like way up high while there was a
weenie dog and also a dinosaur and he
was going nuts oh my gosh it was so cute
you're like really so adorable so
anyways today is so beautiful outside
we're outside playing yeah right awesome
and I and I also got a brand new kitty
we have something exciting planned for
tonight we're gonna go on a double date
with some fellow youtubers how exciting
is that
hi Bryan Wayne Abram is seriously
getting around so good it's ridiculous I
can't even believe it just get on and
off walking around parking stuff I don't
think we've been able to really play
outside a whole lot since we started
walking really good my goodness last
time you tried to walk with us he
couldn't do it what a big boy
thank you
oh that's so pretty would you come put
it on my crew all right it is very star
balloon daddy says there's trouble there
you go whoa why oh this is funny
it gets funny huh good boy
that's a good boy so today's the day
where I got to catch up on my schedule
it's like a half day sleep for me
yesterday was not last ship to work so
now today I just got to kind of make it
through the rest of the night or day and
night and get some sleep tonight
something pretty rough for me I'm just
saying you're watching a few of them
like I have to stay awake because I have
to get some sleep for the turkey trot in
the morning you guys ready for the
turkey trot hey guys what color should I
get I don't know I only had something
frozen related gonna be in the video
shoot I don't know which ones to get
what color should I do so last night at
work we had a really interesting case
this guy came in who was involved in an
MVC a motor vehicle collision and he
died
well we actually got to see the
surveillance camera of the guy who hit
him on the news isn't that crazy
it was actually a police chase that was
going on in Dallas and the car that was
being chased by the police ran a red
light and hit this guy going through you
know green light at the intersection and
just like t-boned him and you can see
the guy the guy who was running for them
please hit the guy that we received in
the hospital and the guy just like
flipped his car just like flipped over a
van who's on the other side but anyway
it's really interesting that we got that
it was really sad to somebody just
coming home from work and bam he's dead
because some idiot is running from the
police this makes you wonder should the
police really be chasing people down the
road like that I understand that they're
going to get away I mean
but is it really worth it chasing a guy
down road mags for burglary or something
or another
Gambhir you're gonna hate me not really
I just want to exchange these jeans and
blogging with Amber funds my first
things don't work kids look at my cute
little holiday bags all those goodies in
there for $44 ask me my secrets maybe
I'll share I got such a good deal get
this chandelier you guys can you see
what it's made out of hangers and not
notice I love it
I know lit up hi guys it was doing good
job filming are you going where you
going how much home Mama's home mommy
can you give me some orange juice for
sure Jeff on I didn't really get to vlog
a whole lot all right let's see him they
honor this is a final product I was
telling him I wanted to move shimmery
maybe shibori
yes horribly or blue but then I was like
maybe silver so I decide to go this is
Nagus daddy I want to pick up this bug
right yeah today you're gonna do it
mm-hmm
wait that's not a bug this is a cup Oh
daddy yeah there's a bug another cup
yeah I put it on the cup of it because I
did it like it was when I are sitting
right
wait didn't it weren't you just telling
me that you're thirsty daddy I am looks
Anthony if you put something in a cup
you have to drink it daddy just logic
you have to that's just what a compass
for daddy yes I had on students
see that thirst anymore Zoe turns over
yeah cuz I just woke up so you're not
gonna drink the bug right now but you're
gonna drink it later
yeah I'm going to show you what happen
for you to look at that brave girl
touching that bug alright now drink it
come on drink it
oh come on come on you good juice
everything Jews yeah that was bug juice
you just wasted bug juice it was not jus
- see that buck was bug juice tripping -
no I was astir oh wow this is delicious
so yeah what we're doing for dinner
tonight
we're gonna put stew and tell so Cheers
yes I made this stupid yesterday and the
juice is all going on until we're gonna
have like tacos yeah yeah I think it
sounds good okay ever hey come here
don't go in the drawer come here you
push it there you go
oh so impatient just like me
our mission everywhere ever yes yeah
y'all get inside cuz the door like the
light of the hair your spin whoa okay
okay oh he's rescued don't ever get in
there without any supervision okay buddy
here you go I thought I'd give you guys
a little update on the whole weaning
situation with Abram nighttime is going
great
I've taken it down from 10 to 15 minutes
on each side two three and then five
that's eight minutes so I've cut a
really good job like not nursing them in
our bed I'm really proud of you really
yeah I've been really trying hard like
when Sam breezily just jump out there
like here just nursing my dad with him
lay with you guys she's like no we can't
nurse him in bed she'll just jump right
up yeah I'm really working on it
Oh here's like I'm really trying hard
it's so hard I let him I let him have
like a what is it not a cheap but
wouldn't work I spoil him once a day if
he's really really really crying for
especially while he's teething like once
in the morning or once in the evening
and I'll tell him only a couple minutes
a room and then we'll be done hey guys
we're about to do a Skype call with J
house vlogs I haven't got to meet Jeremy
yet and he has already met Kendra I'm
excited me - we're gonna have a devil
day all the kids are sleeping and we're
gonna do a double date they have a game
for us and we have a whisper challenge
for them we're calling
ah we did it huh yeah we're doing sorry
they are Wow hi guys hey Jeremy I spent
so much time watching it
so there's topic on a card and so I'll
read the topic for example smart so for
example popular foreign city so we would
all start writing like as fast as we can
the time ends when you have to stop
writing or finish the word that you
started when one of us one of us four is
going to yell the word
brain ready Valentine gifts brain great
I wanted a boy more alright look at that
teddy bear
chocolate and roses look at the same
exact tree yeah who's this chocolate
teddy bear oh yeah nicely like any right
and then you got a 3 point bonus because
you exceeded the amount oh and then you
already have one point before so so ok 7
0 you're up to 7 7 zip then they're
letting us my help it's to and here's
the question ready where things people
sleep in or on ready good yes
um Crick no oh nice a floor no ok let's
go I put um pajamas as well oh that's
good I don't think picking this up
because it's good hey so we don't get
our bonus so we're at 12 you guys can
see ok I got bad camper and mattress I
got a sleeping bag bed cot and car ok so
we got 1 point this is the last round
we're gonna win it right now yeah let's
see what he can do this garage a house
workers that wear uniforms anyone in the
world bring did Sam is for sure not
gonna have what I wrote like for sure
you tell us you put spa tech we're
stupid
she puts the ball tech I
to delivery this is gang closed at 16 to
17 now and our fair Sam in the we're
gonna think like each other think like
me and I'm gonna think like oh no no
let's just slow think like you well they
give the unfair advantage they've been
together longer how long happened coming
up ten years is December 28 you've been
together for 10 years
Mary we've been married for 10 Mary
married for 10 years
okay they didn't know each other very
long forgot me okay so where's the same
so about the same yeah no so you guys
don't have more advantage names of baby
animals oh my god okay got it
names for baby I go Sam you got this
names for baby handles ah there's no way
we lost no know if you guys got three so
oh my gosh you're actually thinking of
names I did you actually write your
names couple mom wait what what what are
we looking for
I'm happy oh my god they penis after all
you guys one yes
puppy okay that's one chick oh my god
okay then my bring my good I'm funny
no and a what to lose we we got to oh
man what is that doesn't matter I got
Joey you don't like Nicator ooh I was so
proud of how oh that's good a puppy
kitten full calf and a chick put Mickey
Minnie and Teddy oh my well even though
J house vlogs beat us in the game of
what was that called I don't even know
what it was called what was it called
guys it was called the shenanigan game
there were a lot of fun there's such an
awesome couple you guys said check him
out J house vlogs that's miles the big
day I don't know if I'm gonna actually
run the turkey trot because they said we
can't run with the stroller I think I
already mention that but um make sure
you come back on Thanksgiving come check
us out or the day after Thanksgiving
this is I will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for stopping by
again for another day with salmon eeeh
the Raider kids don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
for an misty
