ready I'm ready and look what was inside
of it you hang it on back there together
good morning fun basic school I'm
feeling like talking German right now I
don't know why I just did a really fun
video with Juliette we did my Ipsy
makeup Tryon video for my channel and it
was the cutest thing ever when it comes
out I'll have to somehow show you guys
just to go follow me on instagram at
near girl night I got Starbucks this
morning after taking symphony to school
and it's cold now and it didn't have an
extra shot of espresso in it like I
asked for so I thought well I'll just
make espresso hey after I drink it
almost all the way down and then it'll
be like a new law agency on taste
perfect why am I sitting here why do I
need coffee at this moment because I am
working on a little project for the
auction that I showed you guys about two
weeks ago I think it was it's ending
tonight at 10 o clock so by the time you
guys see this video it's all gonna be
over with but I just found out that all
the donations for the auction are gonna
be tax-deductible so I want to make like
a cute little tax-deductible thing to
post on the Facebook page called bidding
for the benefit and I just want it so
coffee while I do that all right so I'm
trying to pick a background that's a
good one yeah I like that one I also
like that ooh I like that one that's the
winner
tax-deductible exclamation point
do you want some Apple baby okay let me
see it give me your Apple
thank you want me to cut it for you how
is it cutie pie is it good is it yes yes
silly yeah boy a fan basic how you guys
doing today welcome to Ho Chi town it's
a beautiful sunny day here it rained
really really hard last night but
thankfully it stopped before we got up
today we're taking care of some business
these pallets here this one here I have
one underneath these and then this one
which was packed with cinder blocks as
well and that one I'm just about done
one they charged me 20 bucks for each of
these pallets they said if I take them
back it's been a while they'll give me
20 looks back for each one I'm gonna do
that today take those in 20 bucks the
pallet guys that's pretty expensive
right I'm used to them just being free
picking them up up the side of the road
and getting them up people's hands
that's what I did with my coffin video
if you haven't seen the coffin video you
go check it out I'll continue to work on
the porch that is going around the side
of the house the tire swing isn't strong
enough it was a closed claw love to make
another one this time I'm gonna put the
Rope probably on that thick branch right
there everyone has a little friend over
today he usually goes over there he's
showing off a little horse wing you guys
I just got this giant box in the mail
and look what was inside of it look guys
I noticed it's like a travel bag and so
I looked at the tag and it says it's
Judi time she is so sweet what could she
have sent me where's the car to go here
it is is MIA I just launched to make it
back collection at Walgreens I hope you
find this useful during your travels
love Judy Judy this is so excited for
her watching a mega back collection in
an actual store that's a big deal ok so
let's see what's the next one
oh my goodness this one's so pretty it's
kind of like an under the sea marble
look oh how pretty look at this you guys
doesn't that just have Mia written all
over it
you took the lid off the milk Juliet's
in the fridge back here saying you know
do you want some yogurt
no do you want this
yeah that's yogurt say please pray there
you go
no oh is it not gonna work it usually
works let me see maybe we owe ya it's
about to work I see it moving here he
goes here comes here comes thank you so
much Judy and if you guys are in the
market for a makeup bag or a travel bag
head on over to your nearest Walgreens
and show my friend some love I love
these I'm gonna start using this from
everyday makeup and ditch my old bag
we're gonna call it a day
hopefully we'll be able to make it to GC
in time my mom has been very helpful
thank you yeah I had a good time with
you mom that's the cool part of this you
know you get to look forward to it it's
not like we're saying goodbye for good
you hang it on back there you're gonna
stay back there all the way home
yeah that is pretty good all right guys
and now it's time to grab symphony from
school and head to gymnastic oh why am i
carrying this ball might you ask because
it's part of the activity for tonight
kids lesson which I'm not in charge of I
mean I'm in charge of the lesson but I'm
not in charge of the kids tonight so how
was your day today baby
didn't wear anything and really whether
we're a dream yeah cuz it sure wasn't
wearing anything but that's not what
anything I know we made it just in time
for gym and GC and look at that there's
mommy pulling in with symphony for you
oh I miss happening this year i wittle
baby give me death hey you look so cute
I miss you
I've always forget how cute you are so
cute to sing it's like several times now
my daddy
I'll bet your daddy
skipper just got to ring the bell when
they complete of course or some they may
come over and bring the bell but josh is
coming over during the middle so bring
it before the camera
where did you find our little delinquent
water fountain daddy whoa thank you so
much look at the man what is that post
what it is what is it spit out what is
it that's terrific it nice you completed
the bronze you're gonna go - good job
Symphony it's so exciting
what are you doing baby you're backing
me the lawn through the hip burn I used
to do that but you have a little baby
that right there I'm ready whoa good
oops
who's that who is that who is that you
school and bow just so much look I get
an Enlightenment over
pretty cool toys cigars tonight I don't
know both most of our show
what do you guys watch him yes yes yes
yes yeah
we made at home guys finally good to
take a shower after four or five days so
it was a good night the guys and girls
split up and pray together just awesome
pouring into guys who can rent and be
late and then you're doing it with other
women just such an invaluable thing to
have in your life anyway call my other
day I wanted to just put one thing that
happened in my meeting that didn't
happen in yours do I know it was yes but
you don't know if it didn't happen in
verse oh I know what happened
I changed a poopy diaper and heading oh
yeah that's enough noise doesn't change
the poopy diaper more like five days
guys I mean man tomorrow babe I'm ready
comment of the day goes to Carrie Lunt
finally figured out how to comment haha
I just love love this family I love how
I feel like I know you guys so well I
feel like Nia and I are so much like and
could be best friends plus our kiddos
are all about the same age win-win
thank you pay for the sweet comment and
we will catch you guys tomorrow
on the flipside as always don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other that looks really good Jennifer
