this is my first time ever as a mom to
breathe it was just like a new side of
me it was so amazing
oh we're not Lee if you wanted me to
pull I just want to say a girl and
that's how it's gonna be done together
you guys I took you Lea let's go get
shoes and shoe in her room all by
yourself and got her little shoes
they're so sweet it's kind of sad and
cute all at the same time julia is doing
something for the first time ever I'm
not quite ready for it yet
Juliet come keep your lunch box birdies
or nap and to the beach today si si how
you guys doing today
welcome to Broken Bow as you could see I
got a load here I was at a Home Depot
for like two three hours last night
trying to get this trailer and all the
stuff I'm not even sure what I'm gonna
be doing today but I'm gonna make a game
plan right now it's 8 a.m. I don't know
if I'm we do more of the foundation or
there's a lot to be done
so last night guys I got all this stuff
at Home Depot and I was so nervous about
getting it all I don't know why I guess
there's something new for me I was
buying the trailer getting a trailer
load full of material it was just like a
new side of me it was a side of me that
I've wanted to see surface for a very
long time ever since I was a kid I've
wanted to build I guess I kind of felt
like this was like the beginning of
officially building you know I've done
my house there but I never built really
anything in my house I did all the
renovations and stuff but nothing like
this
not construction so yeah Avram and I are
here in Oklahoma for the next few days
I'm excited ready to get to work you
forgot your tools
did I mention to you guys that this is
my first time ever as a mom to bring one
of my kids to daycare it's not preschool
it's just regular daycare like a
babysitter and I've never done it before
you're my first one and it's only one
day this isn't gonna be a new thing for
you okay you only have to do it one day
for like three hours only okay that's it
okay Jules so what I need to do thank ya
nice purse oh gosh it's too complicated
I'm just gonna take it all in my hand
already holding or Pasi so can you book
an inch box Thanks good job okay sippy
cup shoot don't have one in the car I
think I do I think I have a water cup in
here
ready another you have to call me back
in three to six hours oh gosh you guys I
wanted to stay and like zoom in and get
a shot of her playing but there's no
hiding place for me to do that so if I
would have done that she would have seen
me and probably cried hi and so I didn't
want that to happen so basically though
I put her down
she went to her friend Malik I took her
passing out started talking to Malachi
with her little backup I'm rid of that
and never look back
didn't even look back for me nothing I
stayed in there for at least five to
seven minutes just to make sure
everything was gonna go smooth she did
not nothing I told the lady I was like a
part of me kinda wanted her to cry for
me but I'm so thankful that she didn't
because of course that would have made
it so hard to leave and I probably would
have just ended up taking her with me Oh
y'all mommy first over here oh goodness
gracious
alright guys next step for our Oklahoma
cabin I I'm gonna take down this roof
right here this cover this deck cover
because this is all gonna be part of the
house I'm extending house forward so I'm
gonna get started on that
and that's how it's gonna be done
hey where you go with those gummi bears
are you ready to eat lunch favorite
peanut butter jelly you want strawberry
jam or a grape which one okay too messy
I just stepped outside to make a phone
call came back in and Abrams was making
himself a second sandwich sitting on the
counter how'd you even get up there man
did you jump in the bed cabinets hey
guys you didn't went no I gotta go pick
up my little baby bunny from daycare
let's go get our turtle guys I'm so
excited oh my god
Oh
hi
so it's just been three hours and I left
her wasn't the most heart-wrenching
greeting you've ever seen from his
little sweet precious angel in your
whole life
they told me that she was the first one
to finish all of her lunch cutest baby
well that's done guys now I have to
level that floor out because as I said
it's going to be part of the living room
and the extended utility room and then
I'm gonna have a porch made in front of
this I think that's what I'm going to do
I'm getting a new dumpster that was a
20-footer it filled up so fast before
everything at the empty this pile so
they're bringing and 30-footer now there
again and symphony just helped mommy
clean out her car it was a total wreck
you guys so now what we're doing now
they brought all the junk inside is
we're putting it where it goes before we
get started on more arts and crafts and
let me show you guys when I go
this will serve as a primary Christmas
decoration focal piece this year in the
Raider house is it a stocking stuffer
for daddy or symfon here Avram I don't
know maybe juju maybe Andrea symphony is
on day two of painting so tonight she's
finishing up her little gingerbread
lady's house look so cute I just want to
eat it I want to take a bite right out
of it and hope that it tastes like
cinnamon and ginger bread far as I'm
gonna go Julieta settle coloring in her
puppy book but she got from her little
cousin her older cousin vwz Leigh what
does she think that says please she kind
of said it like me you you got yellow
yeah no can you say yellow yeah whoa
look at that preciseness on how she
holds her pencil are you want purple
so I gotta Jack this up guys right what
is so good about this guy leaving so
many tools out there is I keep finding
stuff I need it oh I found this baby
it's a hired hand Jack it's four trucks
around us now I never have it guys I
have this already to put some peers in
new peers solid Pierce appears that are
gonna hold up walls and a roof right
here Andrew now I probably gonna do all
that tomorrow I feel like I got a lot
done today looks really good those are
just temporary supports by the way guys
I have a five-year and we have our first
baby Christmas jammies of the season
aren't they so sweet hi Christmas girl
she's trying to blow it out you can't
blow the fire out good
no that's right you're not gonna blow it
out no look at these sweet you did it oh
you need a kiss Oh No Oreo chewed up a
crayon Oh trash let's take it all to the
trash you like so yucky huh you and take
some trash here take that one
good job little Christmas girl you like
so suede in those jams okay call them
all Raider girls to the fireplace please
company have a really hard time getting
oh that's so cute
so I ordered these jammies from Jane
calm and symphonies are way too small
and we were like jumping up and down a
leg stretch and all around okay we're
gonna take a picture real fast and then
she gets to change I just want to make
sure of the girls on fire oh look my
girls they're so pretty
Bobbi has some for when he comes home
too
oh man you're so good at getting in my
lap all by yourself it's so sweet
everyone are at Walmart now I forgot the
pack is both underwear and soft everyone
do this size underwear you wear for I
usually let me a pack and turn off when
I know I try to detect myself screw up
big time
he assists it on his own bag for his
underwear socks as soon as we walked
into Walmart guys the guy came up to us
while I was turning shop for underwear
socks and went not leave he wanted me to
pull up our YouTube channel on my phone
does that was Christian it was cool but
I just saw this funny and then a worker
walks over to me it was like hey sir you
record is like no sure does says no
firearms you have a gun on you be sure
check your pants
he's pretty good everyone's eating like
a big boy he got as much as I did
eating like a little boy oh is that what
it is I'm eating like a little boy okay
that's a little boy's name
hey guys know what I do
we made two trailers safe and sound
every what you're gonna watch but
everyone gets to watch a movie when he
goes the bends a lucky guy when he's in
Oklahoma tell us where you're gonna
watch a Christmas story great choice
oh no Abram I forgot my sword what are
we gonna do without my sword baby we're
just going down women fight some bad
guys I cannot I'm talking about my Bible
my Bible as my sword we do we fight with
God's words our protector keeps us safe
and gives us life I'm not the read on my
phone I really like reading my physical
Bible when I'm here I'm gonna let Nia in
the vlog say she'll do question and a
comment of the day don't forget guys we
love you
I remember the love each other well guys
the end of another day I am getting
these ready to send out these super cute
let's get you a comment and question of
the day guys comment of the day goes to
Janie Ginny's sometimes I don't like my
hair but I fix it and sometimes I don't
like my stomach girl preach I feel like
I relate to you so much sometimes
I don't like my hair but then I fix it
in a way that's nice a man and then
sometimes I really don't like my stomach
when I read that comment it really
resonated with me but you know not in
like a bad way like yeah I really hate
those things about myself too but just
like why do we as women pick apart
ourselves like who cares if our hair
looks bad who cares of our stomachs not
as flat as her stomach her or it used to
be in my case I used to have a flat
stomach and now I don't and I feel like
I've just come to accept that about
myself I have a stomach that carried
three babies for babies birth three of
them and it just is misshapen now and
that's okay and I'm okay with it and I'm
I'm not insecure about it I mean
sometimes I'll put on something and I'll
think oh this definitely used to fit me
cuter I read a lot of these comments
tonight you guys about what you don't
like about yourselves and a lot of them
majority of them were from girls and
about you know your body or you you know
their noses or you know your skin and I
just want to say girls out there you're
beautiful just the way you are you are
made exactly the way that God wanted you
to be made
and love yourself you know just choose
to love your imperfections and your
great qualities all roll them all into
one and just love yourself as a whole
because you are wonderfully made in the
eyes of Jesus as women we're too tough
on ourselves we're too tough on other
women we're mom shavers we're guilty of
so much as women as we say all the time
here I'm saving you don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other and
you remember to love yourself too but
I'm still gonna do question of the day
the question of the day is are you the
type of person who does Christmas
decorating the week of Christmas or are
you the type of person who decorates the
week of Thanksgiving let us know in the
comments below and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
that when you get out see please I think
I've never been more proud
first time pink why'd you get shy I'm
asking him to her I'm like I need a
break
did yours even take some to the trash
mm-hmm
