want to wear it give me your hair you're
ready for me oh yeah don't go Z oh my
goodness dutchy QE my papa cozy my
brother you are my sister
we've got to get
well
in this together we get my helpers here
put it in I'll do the green one then
we're doing colors we're doing
symphonies laundry together and I'm
teaching her to do colors so we're doing
only reds and pinks but I let her put a
green in there too good job give mommy
five yeah thank you good morning
everyone I'm on load one of like 12,000
loads of laundry that have to do today
I'm trying to get prepared for our trip
we leave Friday Thanksgiving is Thursday
Black Friday no wait we leave Saturday
Thanksgiving Thursday Black Friday is
Friday and Wednesday I'm going cooking
and preparing other things so I'm just
like so go to get ready you got to get
ready so Monday Tuesday Wednesday and
focusing on getting all of the laundry
and our house done which we have four
hampers and I would say that's probably
about three loads per hampers to 12
loads see that's not the end of the
world I could do it I'm trying to set
these off Fitness pundits for dance
split ha ha whoa hey Abram get stressed
out when I think as close I don't know
what deal is uh
there's no what I realized I think that
our first set of keys at waiver law
shows have you've been watching for a
while know that we're missing assess
she's like our main I think they're
behind the washer and dryers because
Abram was sitting up here the other day
and he had our spare key which is like
our new main keys and he went to go drop
it behind here I just happened to catch
him I was like oh so I got there back
there I just need to pull the washer and
dryer out and see if the keys are back
there what do you think Symphony I think
you should look back there what is up
with you guys oh my goodness gracious
y'all are so silly
washing machines jiggling every my
singing to it
not gonna do it
my plans for the day have drastically
changed I was planning on staying home
all day and working on laundry which I
have done I'm on my fourth load of
laundry for the day but I started
looking over my wreath list and looking
at the supplies I need I need quite a
few and I would like to get all of the
Christmas order shipped out this week
which means I'll be working pretty
tirelessly tonight and tomorrow night so
that Wednesday I could go get them
shipped out Oh am I still can you say
please oh good job he's also wearing his
first Christmas shirt of the Year Elf
crossing leap I'm here love you little B
this is my first time getting resupplies
without the kids in months so thanks to
Nana for that she's gonna be going with
us this weekend to LA and so the reason
we did this is though is so that she and
the kids can kind of get used to being
with each other without me there because
everyone doesn't do so good without
mommy around and hey guys men's store
and right now can you guess which border
I'm shopping for I was asked to make a
wreath or Judy from it's Judy's life she
contacted me in order to read from me
I'm like oh my gosh I can't even believe
it I'm just so excited so I'm picking
out the stuff for her right now and I'm
thinking way too hard about it I'm like
it's got to be perfect it's got to be
just like exactly what she's pictures
and all this stuff behind me she asked
for like earth tone but Christmas earth
tone colors and something like so hard
like I wanted to be perfect I want to
feel like the best rate she's ever seen
and I'm just super duper excited that
she asked hey Caroline oh my gosh I
can't even believe it the way I found
out that she was gonna order a wreath
mr. Twitter and when I saw the tweet I
was like I just are like sweating like
like I couldn't even believe it I feel
like some celebrity has asked me to like
make her read those it's like I didn't
say don't can't I can you maybe read the
notes Judi which is even better
so anyways I'm over here working
shopping trying to figure out what to
get and I'm getting kinda nervous about
it and all sweaty I don't even know what
to buy I mean I do I know what I should
get but I'm still overthinking it way
too much I came in with this side and
I'm leaving with this buggy but way too
much stuff to fit it all back into my
body she was like filling that one up
while this other buggy I was still
pretty much completely full of stuff
Christmas diamonds Oh busy this is
awesome lady who rang up my purchase for
today it's been taking us like 25
minutes and I've been has it been
annoying we do have a lot I have a lot
would you rather have small ones that go
quickly or big ones that take up the
time either one either one to me well
that's a good attitude Christmas spirit
right there she's a nice lady she
checked me out often I'm kind of like
made friends with the workers in here
because I mean you're getting resupply
so often finally done with the raid
shopping experience for the holiday
before we go on our trip normally I
would just get about half of what I got
and just kind of work for this week and
the next week do some but we're going
out of town next week and so that really
just kind of puts a stunt in my business
through those season we went out of town
last week and we're going on town this
next week and I'm like that's two whole
weeks of work that I'm missing can you
guys believe I've to perform in front of
the big screen in a week and this sucker
developed on my face whoa the mountain
on my forehead yeah is ready for it but
I want to pop it well let me pop it
retry can I do he's gonna pop it for me
wait put your head down a little bit all
right ready
I did not want this on the vlog oh wow
honey ah Tiffany thinks she's a big room
she can open beef jerky better so let's
see it they're coming to get you sons
are you in danger
daddy
now you can t give up so hey you always
open it mm-hmm that's how you open it
you have a lot of trouble with it this
time huh mm-hmm
daddy I need help
listen I open it that's how you do you
pray please pray I love it when you pray
say such good prayer yeah but it's a
good space to pray I know I do but you
say really good ones have to go to work
baby
I'll let you have snack thank you listen
to our bodies and please help us be
obedient and kind and please help mm not
to cry when mommy walks our liking and
please help me not be sad anymore
thank you see you always is just good
prayers are you doing huh
so fast Evren wants to vlog hi guys
what's up I'm just hanging out with my
mom I'm trying to eat the camera hey
give him a half of could give him her oh
he's on the moon put it in the chest and
start going good job you're supposed to
drop it in there though you guys I'm so
proud Abram just put his trash in the
trash what kind of he got done with it
he kind of showed it to me like that now
that it was all gone and I said go put
it in the trash
and he went really fast all the way in
the kitchen he kind of held it over the
trash and pulled it out like you guys
saw pretty yeah symphonies organizing
her book show she's doing a great job
look at my sweet little book readers are
you gonna keep organizing yeah okay I am
gonna tweak you books too would you
rather have Apollo books tonight instead
of a movie since you've got them all out
thank you but every model ever does the
bed you'd rather have a book night
instead of a movie night MV book me yeah
yeah I'm so proud of you I just so
awesome seeing my kids what hook I'm so
grateful for that I was always told that
I loved books growing up and I still do
love books
speaking of all of you are telling me I
should read The Hunger Games and I'm
like I just don't think I have time guys
it has been like the longest night ever
oh my gosh it's midnight and I'm just
now ending the vlog and getting ready to
like shut down for the night as you can
see behind me I have been busy at work
working on wreaths I did these three
tonight and something else like half a
wreath over there but I also posted the
auction for my friend Cassidy and it's
live on Facebook now so I'll post a link
below it's public so I think you guys
should all be able to like seeing and
bid and donate and stuff like that if
you want to but anyways it's time for
this girl to go to bed
super-tired it's been a long long long
long long long long day with very little
sleep last night
that's okay if you guys liked our video
today please give us a thumbs up and if
you haven't already subscribed subscribe
to our channel and follow us around see
what we do hang out with us everyday
we'd love to hang out with you anyways
guys we love you and we'll see you all
in tomorrow's vlog bye
can make it
we shall just
