we know but we you know what Bobby Bobby
why are you always searching for
something else no something more buddy
took a dump mr. waffles not that you
change it oh she did
made by the same guy loved by the same
heart
we've got to give
in this together there you go well why
do we know you're here hi mom good
morning my mom crashed on our couch I
didn't know it that is so creepy
I got home this morning and the door was
open why was it door open my mom walked
it last night that's why you locked it
with the door open I'm always so fun
she made me smile Matt help me unload
all these groceries and now him into
something I think my name of Bonnie a
little bit this morning uncle we're just
having lunch right now we got back from
the grocery store and it seems like it's
been a very hectic morning and a very
hectic day is going to ensue so today's
plans we're gonna be doing a photo shoot
with some friends that Sam and I went to
high school with and their whole family
then I think we might be having dinner
with them afterwards our shopping trip
today Aldi I've been before in the past
like a couple years ago I used to shop
at this Aldi that was like like a half
hour away from our house but I did it
anyway so that's chain links very short
they put one in down the road from our
house pretty much and it is awesome I
got our regular weekly grocery shopping
plus our Thanksgiving shopping done for
like not quite half the price of what I
normally want to spend but almost half
the price of what I typically spend at
Walmart plus the good thing about all
these that there's not all these
distractions like Walmart has all these
extra things that you're like oh yeah I
do need that oh I've been wanting one of
those and that wasn't there for me with
all the so I actually save even more
money that way
okay guys I just want to address
something from yesterday's vlog because
we had a couple of questions and I have
a question for you guys too so first
things first symphony was at her Nana's
for her Nana's birthday she asked if
Symphony could spin the night and that's
where she was at I thought we explained
that in the vlog but I don't know maybe
somewhere in the editing that part got
cut out
also Sandy's apps that she talked about
they were check out 51 the Walmart app
RetailMeNot and survey mini you guys
have heard me talk about survey me
before when I got a gift card for $25 to
Bath and Body Works then the last thing
I wanted to address about yesterday's
vlog was
the woman's meeting that we had a lot of
you guys showed an interest in what we
did and talked about how awesome was
that we got together as church friends
at our Bible meeting and did that and I
just wanted to encourage you guys if
you're a part of a church group be the
one to initiate something like that even
if you don't have weekly Bible studies
or monthly Bible studies no Bible
studies it doesn't matter I encourage
you women to initiate something like
that in your church I mean maybe you
even initiate something that you guys do
bi-weekly like we do because really guys
it's been like a life changer for me I
I'm telling you I don't even know how to
go into detail about it right now but
it's been life-changing for me to have
Christian women as like a routine part
of my life and you know they're more
than just friends to me they're my
sisters in Christ and you know when I
say sisters I mean they love me and
through Christ you know like a sister
whether they're and times were you know
even some of my own friends don't even
know things that went on in my life but
these women do and they're just you know
they love you and pray for you through
it all and it's amazing so I encourage
you guys to get involved and stuff like
that you girls and if you guys to y'all
should show off your talents to guys our
guys should do that okay come on we're
running way behind on our dance though
so wake up Sam like 15 minutes ago and I
don't quite know organize you gonna go
with me let's go wake up Sam the viewers
wanted to wake you up with me they told
me they screamed through the computer
and said let's wake him up together
you look so cuddly Sam's photoshoot
having some cookout dinner and display
pablor stuff what do you make
this is a Christmas room what are y'all
doing over here
oh well what happened to it
Brian threw it away symphony right there
he threw it away
I thought she was gonna like cry at him
when you didn't feel bad I just taught
change but one reception yes yes it's
the new lumberjack look that's going on
the new style for me see my girl my baby
see Michaels beard shaved as everybody
grew back that she's got the plaid shirt
on everything to go with this
right here what would you call that oh
yeah finally I guess more of a Western
yeah what does it taste like sunshine it
must be pretty hot let me taste sunshine
burns sunshine burns and it probably
tastes like snow all right
yellow snow you know yellow snow is
yellow snow is when somebody pees in the
snow and it turns the white snow into
yellow snow so yellow snow is peace know
you're eating peace know fish fried
Brian chase and Tim colors took you guys
how long the kids all this fish - in two
minutes he said two months as a Sydney
does
know what we do picker knows it's taken
by an example figure pretty high up
there did you track in high schools
outside kind of some larger speed and
then enough symbolize Looney to 30 it
really isn't
Looney Tunes awesome we're about to show
Tim Roadrunner geek Karnataka
me and Jenna are talking about the an
auction that we're all trying to put
together with fringe for Cassidy the
girl I told you guys about who had a
little baby she had her baby today right
no the first time so we're just trying
to get like an option put together I
made a post on Facebook we're donating
I'm gonna read she's done anyone across
Jenna Jenna makes coffee on a thief way
all day every day perfect that's and so
Stephanie white Shane got a watch like
Jim she gonna do judge of the place mom
yeah and I worked in her sonic well she
keeps doing anything white I know I
thought that she was she didn't say so I
don't think they're related
Abram no sir Dora is Hui boom party so
this is chase that's Jenna they named
her kid chase after chase in general is
that cool you guys know some ninjas
that's working so you thought shapes I
don't wanna leave my son chase we put J
in front of it
ehm just put J he's a cute little guy
he's a new friend
oh he caught one
now let's go cook it so excited for
Christmas decorations
they're all like roll it up when we make
an Symphony remember when Tom cornbread
I'm making cornbread dressing for a
church potluck tomorrow I told you don't
throw up I told you it would be yucky
yeah well get a joint work I told you
it'd be here let's get some water
Sam's got steak you over here wait wait
wait anyways I'm sure everyone at church
one significant Agana where the
cornbread that I'm making wishes me good
sugar she's helping me and really cool
thing guys I've got some fond memories
for the first time tonight using this
cast-iron skillet it belonged to my Mimi
Leipzig chives again that's a huge role
model in my life and dad cleaned it up
for me
it was really old it even had some rough
spots on it and my dad really like
worked on it very hard and got it all
nice and cook a bowl for me so I'm gonna
cook the corn bread and my cast iron it
and I'm excited about it it took him a
year and he just kept working with it
and working with it because he wanted me
to have it because if I want to make her
mom and it's a real test I feel like
this thing is heavy this is like the
thing that Rapunzel knocked out Finn
with or Flynn on tangled symphony this
smells amazing
yes you can you guys want a peek there
it is in there it looks so cute in that
skillet oh my gosh video part right
there ha that was so cute okay guys it
kind of talked quiet because my kids are
in bed and I'm up late baking for the
potluck tomorrow at church but look how
cool this is so every year I try to make
homemade stuffing with cornbread and
stuff because my grandparents made that
growing up and it just means a lot to me
to have it at the holidays I don't know
I just love it so I signed up to make
stuffing or dressing whatever you call
it for the potluck tomorrow and look how
cute this is my first time to do it like
this I'm making like homemade croutons I
cut up seven pieces of brand luck yeah
alright guys well I'm gonna finish up my
baking over here if you liked today's
video give us a thumbs up hit the
subscribe button if you haven't done
that already because we want you guys to
come along with us and just experience
everything we're going through got some
exciting stuff
coming up so anyways hope you guys all
had a great day and we will see you all
in tomorrow's vlog
