the coldness has kind of left us a
little bit so Avery was able to run
around in his diaper which is his
favorite state to be in
by the same
when catching
and this together good morning guys how
are y'all doing today I am getting some
stuff ready for our women's Bible study
meeting tonight we're doing something a
little bit different it's like all about
our gifts and talents and just being
thankful for what God has gifted us with
and so we're all going to be doing
little demonstrations and tutorials on
how to do different things and so my
thing is obviously wreaths and I'm going
to be demonstrating how to do a burlap
wreath so I'm getting my supplies ready
why can't you guys let me cook you know
funny you do that yeah it isn't nothing
what are you doing guy yesterday I me I
just do not understand now I'm in the
kitchen and the cookies are flat what is
going on here you saw them they were
puffy they looked nice and yummy and
just like a cookie should look now look
what the heck this is pre-made oh by the
way - I bought it it's not anything I
mix stuff it's not like I'm not mixing
the butter right and whatnot absolutely
like what's up with my cookies before
heading off to my Bible study I'm going
to stop at Walmart to get some bananas
for Abram
bananas kind of like comfort
I know I know 13 month-old well he just
turned 14 months and so pretty much not
even close to being weaned
so after the name am i kid
banana be a na
ain't no hollaback mom be a na na there
Abram your night is saved
hi guys guess what me and this little
guy have all night together just me
right my number one thing unequalled
people that more than anything else is
trying to be healthy is that they're all
or nothing you can change your mentality
you will be on the road
you don't play ukulele here you go plays
ukulele you just lost the camera near
ran to the store to get bananas for us I
think she put him on the pork grab those
so last night was pretty tough for us in
our er we had a really really sad case
come in it was a two month old baby girl
oh man it was so sad I don't think I've
ever done CPR two-month-old for I've
done one child I can't really talk about
the details of it but it was hard father
I had a little meeting afterwards and
time for everybody express express
themselves I probably got cried at one
point but you just gotta really keep her
composure in those kind of situations
cuz it's the baby's life but the baby
didn't make it and it was just just such
a horrific situation I couldn't help to
think of Abram when I saw the little
baby and so today we're gonna celebrate
Abraham's life by checking out his
developmental milestones and see if he's
doing what he's supposed to be doing and
see if he's at where you know this baby
center says it should be at you just
turned 14 months huh yeah little man
love you so much
couponing and improved way to coupons
LED app here to be get Clark you take
that up to the customer service will
give you a good part
Oh without amount this one everyone
they're not mom's back just on yeah
shopping and then you don't have to be
those people who all of those so one of
the things that's website said that
Avery should be able to do by now is
drink from a cup but that's what we're
gonna try to do here hey what are you
doing in there
hold it
take a drink your drink
everyone here hold the cup water
does that count or is he supposed to
hold it your toddler should be able to
stand alone or walk at this point he's
walking great naturally line your eyes
she runs thinner we wanted eyelashes as
possible because if you keep it thinner
aligned closer to the eye it actually
draws up the eyelashes and makes them
look thicker so I curl my lashes first
and another tip when you're putting on
mascara do not do this guys know if you
do that you push air into the bottle and
it dries up your mascara it also answers
the question if your toddler needs shoes
Abram does not wear shoes very often and
this website says you should keep shoes
off your toddler as much as possible
he's walking outside or sharp sharp grab
her ground obviously you should be
wearing shoes but it says to keep shoes
off your toddler as much as possible
because that helps improve their balance
and he's doing a great job at that we
keep them barefoot pretty often it says
your toddler should be saying several
words everyone says a lot of words he
says not a lot he says none of her food
he said Nana for his grandma say please
me there you go what I want to know is
when will my toddler begin a dressers I
feel like we have quite a bit of ways to
go
but then I just really shows Church here
people I got that word shell is doing
hair
Church hair Church hair that's right and
you guys know Abram is still nursing
this website hey buddy you can't do that
look at him look Abram that's know
nobody you can color on paper yeah he's
still nursing
but this website says that you should be
kind of taking them off of it not off of
it but he should be doing a lot less
because right now Abram because right
now he's learning to talk and if their
mouth is on the t4 too much it can like
delay their ability to talk because of I
guess the way they nurse it actually
delays the muscles and speaking so he's
supposed to be doing less of that and
guess what he is doing less of that he
has been working on that the day before
yesterday on vlog I thought it was funny
when I got scared of that dog we should
have saw me today while I was running a
huge German Shepherd came out from
behind the tree while I was running on
the sidewalk started barking at me he
was he ended up being tied up but I
screamed like a girl like and there's a
lady outside and she had another dog
with her in that German Shepherd came
running at me I don't like run out to
know the road but you guys would have
thought it was funny if you thought the
other day was funny you guys okay he ran
over you guys
I feel me I feel like I'm holding this
camera in the background I'm just like
watching everyone and like being that
creeper in the back hey bro come on
buddy
Andrew and I are going to race the Abram
gonna race the manager everybody put the
banana right here by the camera he's
either gonna want the camera let's go
get the banana you're fast do you think
one on one Abram
everyone come here do a headstand with
me
come on go back to me throw it back to
me
roll it back to me sure the son with me
give me that and Kimmy
sit down sit you can say ball well I
guess he's not there yeah he doesn't
seem to understand what I wanted to do
damage didn't like lean forward or
anything so I'm gonna the bark is kind
of a good I'm gonna turn sideways turn
to the side face me nothing and you want
to sink your hip back and your butt back
and you want to put it all the way in
your heels
I want to sink down and you want to push
that and so you guys should see like my
bar Disney as Barney it's just
going up and down oh yeah straight up
yes it up and down a broom and I are
going to explore his sense of touch now
right now he's really curious about
things touching everything's just like
really examining different materials and
everything we're gonna get two of each
of these different things that I've
picked around the house to smooth
batteries different shape to snicker
bars two of these blind and or curtain
ends or whatever they're kind of rough
and jagged and interesting shape
two pieces of burlap as soft and two
snowflakes which are pretty rough and
jagged shape I'm going to put them
inside of this box one of each inside of
that box so then everyone's going to
explore an item outside of the box and
I'm going to take it away and let him
reach inside of the box and see if he
can grab the matching item we're going
to start with a battery we're gonna play
basketball with it so can you find the
battery in the box find a battery
can you find a battery this is a battery
find the battery
you did it buddy
you got the other battery yeah you did
it can you find a candy bar in the box
see if you can find the candy bar no
that's not a candy bar peel that
material yeah feeling with your mouth
find it in the box can you find the
candy bar that's not the candy bar find
a candy bar he's not supposed to peek I
don't think it's a little there it is
you got the candy bar good job buddy
he's good at this he says the fuse box
that's pretty fun yeah I'm gonna try the
other ones he just won't pull out that
snowflake
now he's just dumping out the box he
likes his texture box all right pick it
up put it back in put it back in
I'm gonna make my eggs on the floor so
if you can't see me just kind of hover
over me and so I got a little a complete
it I'm gonna put two things into one
that like how hard or so I do the Rings
and then time for this dirty boy to go
to bed I'm gonna get him cleaned up and
put him down
hopefully he doesn't cry feed him a
banana before it goes to sleep because
he doesn't get the nurse
can't say night-night do everybody say
night-night
can you say night-night he really likes
to go to bed overall alright guys don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
Oh burlap soft huh
