I'm calling them hey Sam
hi hey Ian I am yeah
Ian okay sorry hey hey you don't man I'm
good
this is Ian guys put you on the blog man
yeah so where you at man you're way in
London yeah wow that's awesome
so good to speak with you said it's so
good to speak with you yeah
NIR couldn't make it she's out with the
kids doing something or another there's
literally just waiting for that final
bit of paper for the signature you are
my sister
by the same guy loved by the same
got to give
where I won't
and this together who's Abraham's little
puzzle cubby and get him out and seek
wants to come do some know that there oh
you want the one with the doggy hey let
me go get it
Oh found it let's bring it with the
other ones come on
bad doggy what's the doggy say Abram huh
the kitty says meow
what's the doggie say though uh-oh
what are you doing over here Missy I
have to pull the paper you doing what
are you making out of these hey I'm
making a cracker we only add may even
have some mental Frankie oh cool we
don't have to bring a B video Angelo so
you're putting a baby rhino with a mommy
lion
oh honey cuz I cuz I couldn't find any
lion baby mommy I couldn't even find
penguin day oh man
okay guys day one of working on the Bob
books with symphony and she is doing
fantastic I am so so excited that I got
these books for her what do you think of
them sweetie you like oh you feel like
you're learning
alright feel like I'm really cool do you
want to show the viewers what we can
maybe do let's look at this title and
you tell me what the book is called nah
good job good fam wow you're doing so
good this is our first time to review it
we went through all the pages once and
now she's reviewing it seemed that fam
that good job
Abram just found his belly bud okay he's
been looking for it he knows where it's
up but he just kind of found it where's
your belly button Abram baby so for our
viewers can you introduce who you are
okay hi everyone my name is Ian from
show I'm a media video director and
unlucky enough to be be working with
some salmaniyya on on a really mad video
I won't we won't tell you exactly what's
going on so can you go in and tell our
viewers what exactly this video is for
yeah so this videos for the YouTube
awards and it's going to be honoring the
fact that Disney the Disney frozen film
was slow went so caught it's people's
imagination so much on online with
comment videos and parodies one of the
most successful and best ones of my mind
being salmon liars
good-looking parents Inc frozen so this
is basically going to be this like crazy
spin-off inspired from from that
original video so they're going to be
able to come along with us to the making
a video like maybe a little bit of
backstage stuff we're going to be able
to vlog the whole thing right yeah the
more the better yeah okay cool yeah
we're making a music video for the
YouTube Music Awards and we're flying us
out to LA for about a week are we making
this music video with this pretty big
director here what kind of videos have
you made before you made a really big
music video what it was a called yeah
the big one was the most each one was
the naughty boy called la la la witch
Chile and Bolivia swing that's one like
400 plates on over over 400 million
years now 400 million years it was at
the 2013 music Wars right I saw where I
was watching it the other day the Music
Awards I was like wow that's his movie
it's in this video and I just had
another one out today though well send
you oh really
yeah you just finished one kind of a
hollow one yeah oh nice he's really good
you got to see the music video it's just
like really interesting and so creative
I love your style man I'm really excited
working with you well that's the news
guys so we kept you away for so long
just kept it I told him like two days
ago we were going to tell him and then
yesterday I couldn't get ahold of you so
you guys as excited as we are this is a
pretty big deal I mean this guy like tix
is going to go borrow he wants us to
post a video on our channel and that was
in the original script that he sent us
so hopefully that's still going to
happen but this is a big deal this guy
is a big director and this is what he
does very professionally so basically
this job was kind of like a competition
between several directors they were
pitching and ideas to the commissioner
of YouTube so this is what I want to do
for Disney this is one dude represent
Disney and they all have their own
pitches and this guy got the job and we
have to be a part of it so this is a big
deal it's a pretty high budget movie he
wants to do the the whole video in one
shot it's going to be really fun I'm
just so excited so as you can see it's
pretty much 100% but there's one
signature that we're waiting for it and
he said this is completely normal for
music videos that they would tell the
last minute and then you only have five
days to film it and then like a day to
get it to them that makes me feel a lot
better
but anyway isn't that so exciting it's
sad that Nia wasn't here to talk with us
it was just it's just so exciting it's
gonna be so excited you guys no doubt so
it wasn't official at first we'll read
this hype it got back to me the contract
will arrive tomorrow so that is the 100%
confirmation and they'll also put out a
press release so it's all official and
you can vlog all you want about it well
it's official guys we are going out to
LA to make
I'm using video I'm too excited to go to
work this is just oh wow I want to thank
my mom I want to thank my dad for the
years that he stuck around the ten the
eight or so years that he stuck around
or was it ten something like that
bettering my thanks dad for those years
um I got to thank I gotta thank you guys
of course I'm just so excited about this
guys we're leaving here on the 29th and
we're going to stay in towel December
4th so it's a long trip and we still
don't have a babysitter for the kids we
have to we were going to bring my mom
along with us to watch the kids while we
were there but she broke her ankle a few
days ago not her ankle but her foot she
broke a foot grant Kyoto's for Nana's
birthday honey birthday Nana Hardy made
you have you had a nice day
yeah show my foot what I did Nana broke
her foot you guys I can walk she might
be coming with us to LA are you guys
excited Sam announced it today though
that it's official we're officially
going yes he knew before 5:00 yeah he
found out and told us in London what do
you think what do you think about that
yeah I want to go she's going to come
along and watch the kids while we do all
of our filming and makeup and whatever
we're going to be doing we're really
worried about their broken foot but like
she's getting around good what do you
guys think she should go right she's
gonna watch it again I'm excited that
you guys finally know sorry we dragged
it out so much how do you feel on your
birthday do you feel older and you feel
you look younger um I feel really good I
feel excellent why didn't this healthy
cuz I've been off sugar for 26 days Wow
no sugar that's a big deal for her but
nobody told owes the other day she goes
daddy
Nana didn't eat sugar for three days
and she drank it all over the house have
been only three days and who told her we
are here at Kyoto I've never eaten here
before and I didn't know we were coming
here and I felt under dress that's so
excited I can finally dish the news to
you guys I'm bummed out I won't get to
see Nia today before I go to work but I
just want to show you guys how amazing
it is as a wife I woke up coming to the
kitchen and I see this cute little setup
she has for me this bowl was empty
because of crock pot meal cooking for me
with this cute letter good morning
handsome there's broccoli cheese soup in
the crock pot for you in a bowl waiting
also you're also your lunch is packed
you just need to put your soup in there
I have at up we're ready for you on the
stove in case you forget why I'm gone
discipleship meeting plus your model
birthday dinner I love you and then on
the bag PS your work clothes are already
in your room PSS the crock-pot needs to
be turned off at 4:00 p.m. the Jerry
teller pattern our new news okay I mean
it's all like this you're not so we're
not right now we we got another deal to
go make another music video
video
for my mom's birthday I wish her a Merry
Christmas and a Happy New Year and I
wish for her a year of lots of personal
growth as she's currently overcoming
some amazing challenges that I really
admire about happy birthday Sharon and
um I wish that you have many more happy
birthday Nina and we're going to give
you lots of one I'm not doing this mom
that's Irish my mommy here to save those
for at least a little years hopefully a
lot more that leaves and I love her I
wish Sharon my mother mom to become
loser grandma once again thank you guys
oh I wish that I can keep that mine my
Nana could play and play all day and and
and we could go to sleep every day when
I get
hi little guy when you do it into that
table at camouflaging with symphonies
beanbag how funny is that it's like the
exact same shade of feet that is so
funny anyways guys how do you feel about
our news are you as excited as we are we
are just so excited and I feel like a
burden has been lifted off my shoulders
because we can finally tell you guys I
was feeling so silly that we kept like
saying I'll tell you tomorrow I'll tell
you tomorrow anyways guys thank you for
sticking it out and waiting around to
hear our news I mean I can't even fully
wrap my mind around it Sam got to
FaceTime with the guy today and I didn't
so I don't have all the details that he
has but it sounds like it's gonna be a
really interesting parody to the
lip-sync we already made and what's
really blowing my mind is the thing that
we're doing this for which is the
YouTube Music Awards we watched it the
other day the one from last year and the
thing is just so cool and so big and
there are so many people and youtubers
there and like famous people left and
right and viral people left and right
and I'm like we qualify to be a part of
that like a little Sam and Nia like I
know we made a cool lip-sync in it I
know it went viral and it's just been so
long that it feels like it's just like
another video that we posted on our
channel and really though that's like
what started all of this if we didn't
post that video then nobody would have
suggested for us to start vlogging which
we had no clue what was back then and
it's just like what you seem to be
working out with Sam's mom and her foot
I was really stressing out thinking that
we were gonna have anyone to come with
us and help us with the kids while we're
on set because when we went to the
Disney in summer video shoot we were
there all day and it was just a lot for
the kids to be there cooped up there and
we were shifting back and forth the
makeup to wardrobe to the set to this
rehearsal and oh my gosh it was just all
over the place and we were just like
cameos we weren't even like in it that
much and this one I'm pretty sure we're
gonna be doing some pretty crazy makeup
on her face and stuff like that and I
don't know I'm just really excited to
see how it turned out alright guys gotta
go to work don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
for msg
annoy a short-film a guess is basically
like kind of it because like the music
for example I was imagining having it
sound like it's coming from some
speakers in the space you know so it
will sound like it's coming from the car
okay get out of the car and you start
walking towards the like a care home
place
