so we're doing our morning ritual just a
little bit early today I'm sitting at
the table together I'm drinking coffee
and he is having blueberries and bananas
what do you got buddy where's your
blueberry he's trying to say the word
blueberry says good morning Hey
he is expressive this morning he's
amazing you are my sister
by the same guy now by the same
we've got to give
where I won't
in this together so I wanted to talk to
you guys a little bit this morning about
something and if you follow us on
Facebook you saw it last night but I
just wanted to share it with you on
today's vlog as well we have some
friends that we went to high school with
and you know I think we were pretty
close to them in high school and even
over the years we've kept in touch
especially me and the girl that I'm
gonna be telling you about her name is
Cassidy white and she's very young she's
27 years old and she's got a little boy
and another baby on the way he might be
here now actually I haven't seen an
update since I made this post last night
but she just found out that she has
leukemia
and it seems like it's pretty serious
she's 29 weeks pregnant and they decided
to induce her and try to get the baby
out as quickly as possible so that she
could start treatment immediately and
I'm going to post a link below they have
a GoFundMe account and if you feel led
to go donate to their family please do
so I can't even imagine if Sam and I had
had to experience something like this I
think this guy he has his sideview
mirror hanging from the cords you tell
us been there for a long time because
it's all scraped up the morning
why did you just take it off the Sun was
in Abraham's eyes I solved the problem
for him and I think he really likes them
he's actually not even reaching to pull
them off smile all right guys I decided
I'm gonna make an appearance in the blog
today I really did not want to show my
face just because I've been so Grogg
yoli so good morning guys how are you
doing today we're gonna write we've been
driving for about an hour and a half now
trying to find this hospital that her
mother was at my mother's having knee
surgery is it a knee replacement surgery
really she's getting a new knee she's in
on knee replacement surgery what do you
know a replacement surgery Sam as a
nurse like what would you know about it
what do I know about knee replacement
surgery nothing I really know nothing
about it
because I work in the ER we don't deal
with surgeries at all so he procedures
so we're gonna go in I'm gonna make sure
the nurses are doing the job though it
was supposed to be doing giving her
enough morphine and whatnot and he's
gonna go in there and show her mother
some love Stephanie would you make her
did she make her something some cards
some cards how many cars did you make er
um I made her one card actually okay he
was getting a present from Symphony I've
gotta save five cars
oh hello kitty in a balloon and there's
another guy oh gosh oh well I've defined
it wait you told me only made one on the
way up here no I made mommy okay sorry
oh that's just for you to have when you
go to your rehab
oh thank you babe here it's got red
birds on it mm-hmm oh I can't really
City can you me try it on for you okay
I'll be right back soft though I'm uh do
someone's socks you can see who's in the
room from outside the room kind of weird
see who's in there this room's empty
though somebody's in there who's in
there what the seven eight
what are you doing in there kids were
screaming in the hospital so one of the
nurses brought them ice cream oh my god
I'm quiet pretty quick
this little way of saying shut you feel
good
gave one to pop over there is it good
daddy uncle Johnny he said it tastes
like ice cream yeah what were y'all
talking about that does cartons being
worth money back when we were children
they were movie stars underneath when
you open it up there's a movie stuff on
the inside of it wow that's cool what
you were just using as a spoon you're
using it as a spoon it was it had a
movie star picture on it and you're
worth the make years ago the people at
home really still yeah this is aunt
Helen Bebo sister she's my aunt
my favorite is an uncommon way it always
has been
got a disappointed little girl back
there you guys see how cute that little
baby is why are you disappointed sweetie
this is a second week in a row with Miss
ballet class mom fail you make me home
just cooking dinner you know me Tyrell
thinking with the spoon cooking with
another spin on the other hand kids are
playing Sam's trying to figure out Skype
so that hopefully we can share our
exciting news with you guys I feel kind
of bad that we dished out the the fact
that we have exciting news because it
seems like it's taken a while for us to
actually be able to present it to you
guys so people who are like behind the
scenes on this deal as we're having a
debate right now
I think Nia's scarf smell like meatballs
do you oh my gosh just so Hina TV
Meister is really stinking oh look
everyone spilled meatball juice all over
her new star folder interesting
Cletus Abram shame on you shame shame
shame
what meatball volcano my wife make such
delicious cookies get real whoa you see
that there's a little bit of no
thickness to all please it can you guys
see the thickness look real closely
Tiffany and I went exploring after went
to the hospital saw bebo bebo is doing
great and long she's doing wonderful the
surgery with surgery went really well
everything went as planned they even
finished an hour early which is good
they finish it got her out but she's
going to start rehabilitating
Hey okay buddy so we went exploring
under a bridge in Tyler and we met a
homeless man we give them $10 hit me
down to him hey buddy wait wait grab on
to dad down there you go stay away from
that mess over there okay
meatball Abram hey don't do it don't go
over there Oh guys the conversations not
happening today you're gonna hate us
again he's not responding right now oh
man
I'm trying to do is I'm trying to do I
promise he said still no confirmation
100% but we can still chat I was like
that would be good five will be good for
us he's like perfect and I just wrote
him at five o'clock it's that are you
ready for the call it's been 30 minutes
no response I'm really sorry guys please
don't hate us we're going to get this
done you're going to hear about it
thanks for hanging in there with us I
get to go take a shower because I gotta
go to work all right peace well they may
not look good but they sure tastes good
tastes floppy flat thin little cookies
thanks great I'm there's no number one I
do not think you should go to work
there's no snow on the road yes means if
you're trying to formulate a plan to
keep staying here with us he's been home
for like 12 days I don't want him to go
back to the fair all right guys I'm off
to work I'm gonna work in a week and a
half time see if I still got it I'm not
sure if I even remember how to check a
blood pressure go start IVs daddy I
didn't get sleep today I step in but I
didn't get the sleep today you do kids
you know think you know everything
I am so bummed that Sam is leaving I
can't even get up and like do anything I
don't even know what I should be doing
right now I'm so sad I have to do it
these kids right here they count on me
everybody goes ah we're not gonna like
when Abram goes to work either like she
just has in her head that min oh you're
not ever gonna go to work seven inch now
cuz you're just gonna work oh yes they
do sent me get that out your head right
now oh yeah your mommy maybe you won't
have to my girls work baby mommy works
every single other day I just clean my
dishes oh I hope so baby I'll be able to
stay home hey little guy that was
obviously a joke guys Neal works very
hard every single day alright guys we'll
see you tomorrow don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other
forever and ever alright have fun with
me it's night with a friend guys guys
guys guys I gotta go I'm sorry I love
you
are you gonna open it up proudly I'm so
happy I'm using a hey guys I was like I
should get to Caitlyn I just don't want
to get up get there so bad how you doing
Oh her husband works in the oil field
how do you do it so I don't know I think
I'm very hurt
I think Abraham's gonna have separation
issues with violet he doesn't understand
the town I grew up in has this
McDonald's and apparently it's been your
blank centimeters around very often but
anyways we were just discussing that
we're like staying in the play pace play
play ball yeah I'm not like super tall
people but you know normally you can't
just stand in the place you know and so
we think they like dude it should be
parent friendly it's all steps and it's
like tall enough for an adult to fit in
here wait oh my god like so much easier
than like trolleys are tonal so I've
done my fair share crawling through
tunnels oh you're so old are you 31
Kaler pretty much that's how he says
peopIe that's our money oh yes you are
so tall up there hey guys yall become
like hotel Abram is we're way up here
guys we are gonna take the babies down
this good have you tried this before
Caitlin I didn't want keep me alive in
between your life she didn't like it
she did not like it okay
Wow Dora don't work dude how'd you like
it buddy didn't even face him here comes
Bradley yeah okay that's cool cake did
you like it Rosie
I'm jamming eltis and Taylor Swift while
cleaning the house - Scott finish doing
the dishes now I gotta say guys having
say I'm gone for the first time in
almost two weeks really really just
sucks
I'm so grateful for his job and all it's
just the awesome thing about like
finding the one it's just the coolest
thing about being married to Sam you
know not only is he my husband and just
the man I'm in love with but he's my
best friend like I miss him being here
just chilling like me cleaning him
hanging out doing photography or working
on the vlog or whatever the heck he's
doing just sitting there while I'm
making a wreath entertaining me and
keeping me company just miss him I miss
his presence being here and oh but I
can't always have my way right I mean he
has to go to work and I kind of just
have to get over it so anyways guys if
you guys don't follow us on Twitter you
need to follow us on Twitter Sam and Nia
I know a lot of you follow us on
Facebook and we're pretty interactive on
there but lately we've been really
interactive on Twitter and I will post a
link below like up at the top or
something like that's already somewhere
but like where you guys can easily find
it because this week I posted a tweet
about my mommy channel and I'm just
wanting to include you guys and involve
you a little bit more but we are really
like breaking ground on my mommy channel
it's just we're having a hard time
finding a name I would say stick around
well let you know tomorrow but I'm not
doing that today because we've done that
twice already so it might not be
announced tomorrow it might not be
announced the next day but sometime
within this week you guys will know the
info you'll get this down-low so anyways
where you guys have an awesome day and
also night whatever you guys are up to I
hope you guys are blessed and we will
see you all on tomorrow's vlog bye
hello
