woke up this morning and there are snow
cover in the front and backyard it's
pretty cool not exactly covering but you
know there's a small blanket of it
I'm trying to get symphony to get up so
I could take her out there and try to
find some snow any snow that's left but
the Sun came out melted it all away but
when you get a chance to see the snow
accumulation as Jay house blogs would
put it come on Sam let's go sweep upon
some snow accumulation come on
sleepyhead what you have along that baby
still no it's going to get dark soon
you are my
made by the same guy loved by the same
heart
got to live
got to give
in this together fingers handsome slow
down there no I think that's ant poison
but I think I pop them over here right
there
no that's just paint is there any snow
left for us Anthony it's hard to tell
crystal on my white
because snow is what my car sees why
that are very true very good observation
yeah I think I haven't told list of you
told this to little viewers this is all
Christmasy on Christmas but but now it's
all falling so so so now it it has
flowers daddy
swimming pool and try to pick it up why
it's frozen no it's not frozen see those
red berries are they pretty
Wow oh he's just excited
any snow out there no I don't see any
snow pick one to berries for this hippie
hey doggy
hi hey don't look I hi
I don't know if you're mean or nice I
can't tell her whoa eyes scared me woo
all right go get another one
the dogs making her nervous is that snow
oh let's trash it sleek we could pretend
it's no that's piece of paper he tasted
secrets no no I gotta go run guys just
can't get myself to do it right now I'm
still trying to recover from the jet lag
okay what do we got
what about it some of the paint came up
yeah that's what happens when you keep
things out in the weather for a long
time somebody's gonna put her berries in
the winter box you found some red
berries no snow it's all gone
you know who melted it yes enjoy the
sunshine you did where Oh on the Snowman
the dancing snowing everyone loves it
put a bag
what does he have a dryer filter wait
look at this no man swallow your saliva
right we had to get ready for Christmas
no come down just like trying to figure
it out
he's like this doesn't make any sense
it wasn't acting on before but you get
your own piano it's frustrating me what
is going on what happen what do you want
buddy
he was a big turkey eye that we're
eating dinner we'll try to figure out
what a Vermont so happy for a second
without life buddy you want a knife just
what you want oh it's a mummy's funny
that yeah thank you like guys this is
fun but no that's not anything that I
want oh my goodness be tricky this guy
know that oh that's it
closin up good spice and herbs Wow there
it is that's what he wanted you want to
put his fingers in the little holes
of course he always finds a little hole
to put his fingers oh yeah
you're crazy guy no okay it's gonna be
really salty
ah good good that's gotta be salty
you're adorable sipping I love your
little laugh goofy laugh no you know you
have a beautiful life yeah my dress
dinner was good and now it's time to
catch up on some photography have two
weddings at it and with that engagement
shoot I did for Brad and Katherine our
viewers
I got to get on those this is a kind of
a cool photo take it out from a wedding
I do look recently it's really hard to
get creative shots in this room because
it was just like the fluorescent lights
and just a solid white room but anyway I
had several people asked me on how it
did I learn my photography where did I
go to learn it and also some people
asked me what a lot of people asked us
what program we use to do our blogs with
and the answer is we use Premiere Pro
and Photoshop
we use all Adobe programs for everything
we do that's not an ad but anyway the
answer to your question on how our dad
learn photography my self-taught yes I'm
self-taught but there's one place that I
always went to to learn more about
photography it's called lynda.com it's a
really cool website it's for we laughing
at
yeah it's messy down there still working
on that it's a website of videos meant
for creative professionals or anybody
interested in a creative program we got
developer videos design videos web
photography then they have a you know 3d
animation videos education whatever
under photography they have like 432
courses but it's just lynda.com guys
this is exactly how I learned to use
Premiere Pro when we first started
vlogging I was using iMovie that took me
forever so I got on lynda.com paper
membership I can't remember what the
cost is it's relatively inexpensive but
that's how I learned how to use premiere
I went on Lynda and also that's how it's
learned how to use Photoshop my brother
my twin brother is also developer he's
as lynda.com but recently we came across
an opportunity to to benefit from you
guys signing up through us on lynda.com
and it just so happens to be that this
is the program that I use to help me
with photography and with Photoshop and
with Premiere Pro this is like the
website to go to if you're a beginning
photographer beginning videographer it
is amazing dev like instructors perfect
outline courses from very basic to very
intense or complicated you know
tutorials so if you guys want to help us
out and you're interested in the arts
yeah I'm talking buddy check this out
and I'd sign up you get ten days from
free if you don't like it just cancel it
up to ten days
I'll take you to the page and say start
your free 10-day trial so you can select
any of these down here and you start any
of these trials ten days for free so
when you click on try it free it'll say
$25 but up here to say your free 10-day
trial code has been applied successfully
being the hotel made me realize
something and I was not gonna say any
about it yesterday and she kind of just
confirmed for me but I noticed that aber
was really content in our hotel for one
of two reasons
he was happy because I was pretty much
within like arm's reach of him the
entire time because there's only like
two rooms the room in the bathroom but
also I think because it was really
simplified in there the kids only had
like three or four toys to play with and
I think it was just not overwhelming for
him at all he just had a few choices to
choose from he knew what he wanted and
he went for it we've got to simplify I
am ready to just have some organization
around here more so than what we've got
and it's a learning process for me I was
not one of those kids who like did a
whole lot of cleaning and chores growing
up I know I know yes I was a spoiled
brat I was raised by my grandparents who
just took very good care of me and I was
just someone I'm like brat but at the
same time I didn't have to like go out
as a cleaning or housework so here's
what we're working on all of that to
show you what we're working on tada
Symphony just cleaned out the kid
cupboard and it was so cluttered I love
this pic I have to share it with you
guys like so cool somebody's gonna
really love that picture we're all
watching a football game right here on
the phone
all right Symphony let's show the
viewers together ready count me off one
two three four five six seven
that is so much better
oh look at this love I'm getting o3o
down love dead love I love you Oh
because I wanna be squeezed too hard
sister Avery was helping mommy clean
don't wear the hangers go buddy I say
please in handy thank you see I don't
like that big one alright we can't even
buy yeah good job buddy hey bro come
here come here my gosh who are you doing
come here hey come back
magic Randy boy get it oh this way go
back that way thank you hey guys you
wanna hate us you really are gonna hate
us right now yeah well so we really want
to tell you guys our news but I asked
the person who this involves and here's
what this episode hi stones so I was
wondering if it would be okay for us to
announce this news to our viewers in
tomorrow's vlog he said maybe wait for
final final confirmation so that we
don't jinx it I'm sorry I didn't do this
on purpose I promise I really want to
tell you guys today so the plan is to
tell you guys tomorrow we're gonna do a
Skype at this guy you learn who he is
this guy or girl you'll learn who he is
and he'll be the one to announce what
this is all about tomorrow come back
tomorrow for the news okay you don't
want to miss it
happy birthday
you happy birthday dear viewers happy
birthday dear wheelers that's right
happy birthday to Jacqueline Amram and
Harriet wheeler hope you guys had an
awesome day and thanks for watching our
channel guys happy birthday have a good
year make it a great one alright guys
well this is the another vlog for today
we'll see you tomorrow and don't forget
as always we love you may remember to
love each other
Thank You Symphony I really appreciate
that don't forget oh yeah guys my mom is
having major knee surgery tomorrow and
she's kind of nervous about and I'm
pretty nervous about it for so if you
think about it say a prayer for her for
her recovery and just for at all go
smoothly and the doctors everyone have
wisdom
we shall jump
