you
okay guys so Symphony learned how to
buckle her own seat but for the first
time today she did it for the very first
time we missed on video but you guys are
going to get to see the second time here
we go show us how you do a girlfriend
hey buddy
come on you got this girl good Symphony
on the inside of that little armrest now
if you say look at our girl growing up
we are so proud of you Symphony I think
you should Susanna and she sings
you are my sunshine my only sunshine how
I guess on every time you see that one
you'll think this is what I got for
buckling my own seat belt and being safe
every time I get in a car we're all the
Folies guys it's so beautiful out here
mix with me click leaves with you yeah I
don't want to I don't want to oh so
we're just hanging out here waiting for
my pants to be altered it's really cold
outside but it's actually kind of
enjoyable just because it's so polish
out here Nia's cold once ago in the car
bro mic no listen actually this weather
it's not too cold the cold cold enough
to Snug the kids I love that here
Symphony is extra snuggly today I'm
excited about dressing up Nia let me get
a really nice cashmere coat let you let
me let me we're getting ready to go to a
guess another rehearsal for the awards
tonight I'm starting to get a little bit
nervous
we've been practicing the lip-sync and
singing along to it just kind of
casually not too much pressure because
we know we know it but we just kind of
have to keep it in the back of our mind
so we get our parts right and stuff like
that so from this point out we're just
gonna be hanging out at the venue
getting ready practicing rehearsing
getting to know the people within our
skit a little bit better and you guys if
you think about it just say a prayer for
our kids because there's gonna be times
today where we're gonna have to kind of
like trust someone to watch them while
we go perform while we were hers and
different things like that even fixing
our heater something's wrong with it
yeah close that maybe that'll fix it
just close it yeah no I didn't do it
turn that knob there pull it off there
there you go maybe we should just kick
it buddy
we're just not showing up on the day of
the big show is 1 o'clock the show
starts at 7 o'clock and they want us to
be here this early and I'm really
nervous I wasn't nervous at all
yesterday I was like dude don't be
nervous does nothing be nervous about
we'll never say anything people again
but I think it's because I had a good
night's sleep and now that I had a rough
night
no when I'm sleep-deprived it's makes me
all the more nervous than usual
what's up Oh daddy yes I to go inside
we're taking our first steps on the
stage here it is the stage they got some
funny ideas for us so we're gonna be up
here this cat over here she's gonna be
playing sinking
no pictures please look it's us it's us
they're going to play our viral video
back here
doing a live right here guess he's
sleeping
when we walked in everyone for me
ballerina the most
I'm with mahir North Carolina for 2014
it's rotted oh cool can you borrow us
tell us a little bit about what you'll
do when you in the service Norma and
this particular year my your service is
to give back to senior women 60 and
above we go to rescue your answer
welcome centers where are three men want
to have an opportunity to learn more
about life and about what they've given
in their life and so is like queen for a
day queen for a day Lodi just why was
bragging about my nice suit
I lose a but I believe this guy's like
everything's for us
very cheap Oh Tyler
we want to welcome y'all to the red
carpet
my friend
Oh
we made it in guys but party what I'm
off to meet you everyone start crying
again playing judge bet for veteran
we're almost at that time you need to
get a good nap
got a ticket everything really came
together nicely then so led all our gear
tonight at the 2014 AMG heritage or
I just heard our name on the
walkie-talkie
I'm just worth cat where you going
Oh simply get real close to him baby
hold his hand who's Tiffany dinnerware
that she's sweet lady she's been so
helpful with a girl's head if I think
that's my dad you get to stand next to
him alright
cemani reporting for duty that guy's the
big moment you've all over here we did
one
just for fun Leary our cat Christopher's
pain
if this audience behind us we need the
opening video where's the opening fire
yeah
and you believe they invited us to the
AMG Awards and this is our set up yeah
really
as long as I'm here with you that's all
that matters
it's
I do that great I messed up a couple
films did you mess up at all um it felt
like it one more time late but I don't
think anyone's gonna be able to tell
from like as far away as there's like
and you know what felt weird to me
though is that I felt like I should be
singing it and not lifting yeah I'm like
I enunciate II my work yeah we're
singing it a little bit like I don't
know I didn't hear you though that's
good I didn't hear that well either
that's why I messed up we're doing just
a small cue that I take is a bass line
and you can barely hear less the music
wrote is it allowed I didn't hear that
bass line she's a ballet dancer too
maybe where's your nose where's your
teeth anybody watch vlogs on YouTube
yeah you guys heard of Sam in here oh
yeah chuckles ooh we got logs your kids
are home oh thank you so much
bully hey Billy I Love You Billy Billy I
love you my wife is in love with Billy
no not in love it's a childhood
recording all right we're youtubers make
daily blogs right what a man - awesome
and she's just wanted I just wanna get a
picture with them this is like so really
close big beautiful so back in the
traditional symphony sip oh I love that
career symphony what's always you know
buy him here a lot of us for video
though you might still forwards
are you ready for video up here in
manure
what
Wow
we prepare a speech but obviously we
have to think Disney because they made
the song we did not sing that a lot of
people thought we actually saying it
will just lip singing um thank you Dave
coupe for savings over here this has
been awesome and and all glory to God
we're so grateful to be here I'll leave
that it's awesome congratulations your
child did you left your child just so
excited world that's off the bag thank
you you can congratulate this awesome
whoa uh should have kissed it up there
oh my gosh can't be we want we did not
expect this yeah you want 2014 AMD video
the earth you don't hold it it's really
heavy
love it will be played kissing give it a
big kiss ah you won't work guys
definitely did not expect this at all
I'm not some nominee even it looks like
a bunch of local people Saracen yeah a
lot of people who actually made the
video wrote the song made the video
that's just crazy
we got me to the Year by mg littlest
such an honor
yeah why did you win you want we all
want it we went together you were part
of the video I kept all the names I know
I was leaving we left the keys we were
at the car about to leave and Nia or
Abram dropped the keys underneath the
table we had to go back and get him and
if we had anything we would have never
known I mean I don't know that's so rude
they live without getting your that is
so cool I can't believe we want it we
actually want it man yeah we did a
YouTube video and we won video of the
year so oh good job what did I look it
up oh it's but it's good-looking parents
seeing Disney's frozen
love is an open door okay yeah we have a
channel on YouTube and the video Amaro
okay what's it I subscribe to your
channel oh thanks salmon is what we
called all right guys just tell me Dad
the window okay all right good with your
order okay Oh
not just boat Ronde oh my gosh on this
Russian beach isn't easy to do rice and
beans this aside arrest means
are you doing yeah congratulation thank
you so much are you taking out there are
you important yeah we do daily vlogs on
YouTube yeah you guys could have it just
kidding you guys like a weekend yeah you
might be asking yourself why a couple of
AMG Award winners will be eating at Taco
Bell after after winning our first award
it's because it's 11 o'clock at night
and nothing else is open and that'll
bells good whoo okay guys well the kids
are in bed and we are gonna call it a
night we're exhausted it's been a really
long but fun day it's been a great
experience for us so thank you for
coming along with us this weekend and
just experiencing this whole deal with
us it wouldn't be the same without you
guys and we just thank you for joining
us it's been awesome alright guys well
don't forget we love you good night
you can't make it
but they missed
within this
