good morning fam basic welcome to our
today your tomorrow we are just getting
ready to go out we have to go pick up
our formal wear I got to get me a nice
tux and he's gonna go pick out here at
gown she says gonna take her a couple
hours it's better not because we have
practice for our lip-sync in two hours
by the same guy loved by the same heart
to live
we've got to give
and this together man I feel great I
slept so long yesterday and I just feel
good I'm ready to start the day not only
because I got sleep because of high
Drive if you guys have this energy drink
before high drive today I had the honey
lemonade oh it was awesome actually
brought some with me you guys are
probably wondering how I was actually
able to stay up for 24 hours after I ran
broke my record for my three mile run I
got to give the credit to high drive
that did it for me what I liked most
about them is they're not carbonated and
as you guys know I've been trying to
watch my figure and these high drive
drinks only have thirty calories it's
called high drive energy water Nia loves
them too they're all kind of different
this one's called immunity formula they
have vitamins in there for certain
things like once concentration ones
extra power but these are really cool
and we kind of showed you how much just
the right amount of caffeine in it so
they're like a healthy choice energy
drink speaking out I've been waiting for
morning to try this there's no good
coffee in this hotel you guys I mean
it's absolutely horrible watered down I
don't even taste coffee it tastes like
I'm drinking just blah so today I was
looking forward to the blue raspberry
and I'm gonna dive into it I've already
had some of the honey lemonade that's
never showed you know is really good
this is really good it's like a mix of
juice and Gatorade which is this is
extra power blue Row 3 I need the extra
power today Abram woke up twice last
night so not only did I miss an entire
night oversleep but last night when I
was opposed to get good sleep it was
broken so I'm having a category two
I can't have any more I reject this and
I'm just like let's do this let's go get
on a tuxedo I'm just like oh my god I've
got a small bone to pick with you buddy
me yep okay when I was packing Sam was
all gung-ho about as little as possible
as little as possible so we already have
a few things that we kind of left at
home you wish we had here but I
specifically wanted to remote we don't
have it and I washed my hair today and
it's so greasy still like shampoo is a
horrible how do you use the dry shampoo
that's my bone and I'm taking it you
guys like the car we got and look at
Abraham's jacket my friend Stephanie
gave him this corduroy blazer jacket and
look at the sleeves you guys got to see
this first I'm gonna go through the door
he does a dormir to it so it's kind of
an emergency situation he is back there
try on dresses from what they have
available and I'm not able to get it
finished here because I have to order it
and it's gonna be like 200 bucks to get
here overnight this is my way that's
gonna happen then this is my fault I was
supposed to measure myself and send it
in but it never happened I thought I'd
be able to just to get it do do with Wow
look at those hips
oh you look incredible
so it's not gonna work that's really
being in certain spots okay you know
beautiful it is out here guys look at
this hey guys the beauty is just
overwhelming me all the trees and how
they're all different colors like these
clusters of trees where summer orange
red and green and yellow and I'm just
like right there just like proving God's
love to us like he wanted us to have
something beautiful a joyful to look at
when we drive down the road and walk
down the road whatever and like back in
the olden days as people were like
toiling the land they could just look up
and see this marvelous sight you know
there's a reason for that they could
have all been the same drab ugly color
they could have all been bright yellow I
mean they could have all been just so
just blah you know and thank God mixed
it up and made it beautiful and just
amazing to look at it's amazing
that's very true I think God actually
made up our eyes to think the trees are
beautiful my colors in general I think I
made our eyes to think color beautiful
or colorful trees are beautiful I think
really they're probably really actually
pretty ugly
but they're beautiful God made horrify
the things are beautiful we made it guys
30 minutes late but we made it the show
is going to be taking place at the
agricultural center kind of interesting
it's a really country type event Wow
this is it this is the i'ma talk to you
so much
good to see you look at there
Chubby Checker
you know the first part of the song we
did do the twist the twist video tapers
I saw you this morning I were just here
on the second floor because I okay I
don't know tell you were seeing that you
had lost something I think it was some
money you lost oh yeah she lost a penny
remember when you dropped your penny he
dropped a penny oh my goodness she found
it
so that was Dede sharpening I just saw
she's a legend according to David Cook
care what's your famous on mashed potato
yeah gimme gimme gimme gimme grab it
tonight man I'm to go home give me smack
potatoes now she just she just everybody
this is David Cook he's also a legend of
course David L cook david elkin old name
how do you made that mistake once
yeah so what was your big you were he's
a comedian and what else bankrupt if you
weren't somewhere I did a lot of
television theme songs I did seven Emmy
Awards what's the theme song you've done
any big ones that everybody knows about
oh yeah Sesame Street or something you
know I was on I was on The Electric
Company I was a regular on The Electric
Company when I was five
oh really yeah yeah you're a regular
when you were five that's right so he's
been famous all his life my family were
the cook Family Singers the Grand Ole
Opry stars so I've been out there a long
time
okay it's really good to meet you David
Wow some time to see you guys get to see
you it's good I'm glad you got out of
the car
we just asked Chubby Checker who do
small interview with him for you guys
may ask him a couple questions about the
twist he wasn't down for that give me
hard and sat back down maybe here's a
little bit shy or something I don't know
who knows I think it's probably just cuz
I unless you got the money
I ain't got the time maybe but it was
funny because when we first walked up to
him he saw us all walking up to him and
he was like he got up and I here give
her your camera taking pictures he's
like no need to get the fans in and out
like okay give her the camera we take
the shot I said they're telling us to
let's go
we flew
that's good
she tried it highly
we're going to actually be walking down
a red carpet tomorrow and this is the
official red carpet it's beautiful it
smells fresh that's a fresh rug right
now we're just waiting to see when we're
up for practice we've been hanging out
for at least an hour now
right now the practicing the Brady Bunch
you tell us we're not supposed to let
out too much information because you
know this is going to be on cable
television
this is the original Brady Bunch you
guys to see that the same are you guys
the original Brady Bunch
so who exactly are you guys well that's
a lot of sunlight okay so you guys all
sitting together
the Weaver believers survival revival
come here go get dad dad cut the dad -
Oh what are you going on
oh hey guys I would totally wear it
wasn't so Tucker ish look but yes I do
I love Jesus
well careful there make them fall what
oh nice catch buddy nice catch
I see calm self but you gotta be careful
Symphony okay baby
remember I taught you that after you
pushed him down that indoor ramp
remember that ramp how many four needs
prom dresses for a bilk try on dresses I
thought it looked amazing so that
everybody else you saw come up here no
way dude no way he's not get out of
there would you find cute bracelet
okay show me what bracelet well these
are necklaces you were one and your best
friend wears one who would you give the
other one to okay are you going to ask
for anything else
simply to get off that table what are
you doing yeah mommy's not here right
now so I should answer your all your
questions I'm gonna beat you with that
whoa be careful buddy you ever be
careful you'll beat you at that hotel
now we got all our stuff picked out I
have a brand-new tux Nia has a brand-new
dress
we'll be expecting to buy those
absolutely not absolutely not I'm
actually hoping I'll be able to sell my
cuffs after I'm done wearing it I got a
really good deal on it
for the shoes the tux the shirt the
bowtie and that's it I got it for about
$200 that's not bad for a tux right they
were wanting to charge me that just to
rent it I'm like this is brand-new tux
and you got an amazing black dress you
have to see all this tomorrow anyway
guys we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget to tune back in every day
at five o'clock
tomorrow's extra special day because
we're doing that live lip sync all
things set aside guys don't forget how
did I used to do it when I very first at
my very first 101
all right guys don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
because I need to go with this hotel
stuff the contract and I lost somebody
here
