morning guys I feel like I just said
goodbye to you guys on last vlog pretty
much did it is now 3:30 and the kids are
still sleeping me I just woke up Nia
we're going to leave here around for
maybe a little bit after 4:00 but I'm in
the same clothes in fact actually just
put the shirt on that Nia was wearing
how to make it clear everybody at the
airport that I'm a youtuber with love
did get any sleep last night
needless to say so we got to go wake up
the kids you
by the same guy loved by the same heart
we've got to
if mum
well won't
in this together
get ready for the airport
ready go to hotel yes okay
just cookin April Marley oh well I'm not
scared I don't use chili but when I am
here I do
oh that's i G
well the cool guys cold he peeked at me
nobody I'm so sorry
I really am oh you're sleepy I woke up
two kids ready to go to the airport
you ready go to the airport you can't
wait you're excited yeah I love their
brains you make me excited they also
want to go I'm a Jew Jane one day okay
we will raise little guy ready let's do
it
take a tick break from walking
you
on the bottom of the lucky
the neutral will get the random loose in
his hands for gunpowder because
something special about our flight guys
we get like a camera crew team here
there's like photographing people
getting on the plane maybe we got a
famous person on board Sam you may be
our own I better go let me know that
we're about to work there one day we got
five minutes huh right seem like they're
those guys those are the ones they did
it guys I'm so embarrassed to meet you
in my traveling clothes
I keep telling your nerves this is fun
right oh hang by my juicy like couture
well I'm not embarrassed somebody famous
boarding our plane as somebody famous
boarding our plane are you are you the
famous guy is it me that's what I was
thinking but I'm not sure you'll get the
kind of things that make me nervous to
fly okay
I already feel slightly nervous until
nice line just because I do not going
the right off you get situated okay I'm
so sorry I'm not going to never go wrong
you got this babe you don't Rick you're
just gonna cut she told us sorry I'm
with her I don't know what else to do if
they've got it I'm gonna smile now so
you do not need it in Chicago is that
right we're bloggers never happens I
don't feel any different tag on there
right now they haven't taking her
pictures that they smile put your tongue
in your mouth smile at camera
prettiest film unfortunately some
trouble power oh cool it's not first
guys eager we thought you guys were here
for Sam Linea vlogs new YouTube Louis
dr. oz like but they knew we were coming
whoopsie stop soon
I can't get away from the cameras cos
they actually went over here interview
want to test us all our names for some
laps and asked us where we're going got
really nosy but said they won't put a
caption for simply picture that's so
adorable walking down the road right
three-way you're cursing look he's got
legit camera to that guy in the legit
here comes the airplane say goodbye to
the stroller we have not taken one thing
off that's our guy right there
kids have been going extremely well
city of babies
so excited about it
now this guy was so happy
so looking out the window over there
is
but this is your pops off so I'll enjoy
the residue days also weekend ahead and
get that a little wicked smooth them a
little bit
I cannot tell at all
we're in North Carolina made it two
flights later and we made a huge mistake
agai get a globe air up for the mommy
daddy so no we're not at the hotel yet
baby so we're we're at the first airport
we get there my life it's really easy in
your life you really got this down and
we are on the flight lights almost over
the first flight and I look at him on
lights and the car seat he's just like
what were we thinking
he's just like what were we thinking you
so we just had to call a rental place
and get a car rented and all that so
anyways I think one person said that
we're going to be able to make it to CS
so what about the girl back is playing
we'll see if anybody actually made it
work got a lot any suspicious persons or
angel activity to your view
otherwise you guys would have been here
I'm sure all of era's you want to be I'm
sure you guys were all flown out here if
it wasn't for school the kids so we
totally understand we do we get it I
hope you totally do but you know next
time we're gonna be so forgetting oh my
gosh look there's thousands of you guys
waiting on us down a little sign what is
this a pay day
I'll close a little pencil case so
where'd you come from this is a long
drive to get here 30 minutes from here
and I'll even have to drive about eight
years ago I always see if it's awesome
that is so sweet
you get a water bottle to look at that
so this is Suzanne our biggest fan
obviously drove an hour to see us so
what do you do it helped me see you work
from home
our give you our preservation so we like
saleability
so how do you do that from home there
shouldn't be Oh people together I'm a
consultant
yeah it's that's just a fancy title they
give volunteers so how did you first
find our Channel first I found y'all
because of the phrase would be is real
and I started watching blogs every
single day and it was when I was working
in these scenes and I would wait to
watch this video
27 take over all my friends are like
area have little families and there were
time I need to settle and then I saw
y'all and she's single Phillip M basic
that means so much I mean it I really
did before you know settle am gonna keep
like investiture even got a little book
yeah it's a book of trucks calling
digger dump truck the bulldozers gonna
love these oh yeah something posed in
the hotel he understands it's a little
boy
he knows everyone even really know the
proper noises - so do we look our work
because we feel like our worst writer
Steve is that the one I'd like maybe two
hours sleep on the way how long was the
flight from the other chair I had yeah
so we didn't sleep on aikidoka bar
actually just not hard wake up at that
weight I marry Robocraft
yeah so here would be there we made a
friend right away when we got off the
airplane airplane not off it worked
she's so sweet to check off work to come
see is exciting so cool so so like
natural when you see people because they
can already know a little bit about us
we feel like we know them too just
because of our tune
Thank You North Carolina she's given me
all the tips of where to go shopping
which is obviously our priority and
you're kind of on vacation gotta go
shopping to get a gown for the event so
thanks for that and tips for Sam where
to take submitted my scarf and your
dress look like they'd be like brother
and sister
I'm like 95 I told you I know she's
50,000 no I was expecting none I was
like this is the middle of the day and
middle of the week oh so it's exciting
oh yeah thank you yes thank you she
brought the kids gifts and ice to got us
some some coke or Sudi as you guys know
Symphony says and I'm ready to try it
out I need some caffeine
I made it to the hotel guys me and I are
feeling very well taken care of right
now look we got us a room at the Quality
Inn and Suites know what that means this
hotel or hotel slash motel has suites in
it we probably won't get one of the
rooms but man just think who might be in
those sweets oh man it's just really
exciting anyway
Tiffany do you realize that this motel
slash hotel has suites in it dev Suites
they're big rooms where I getting one of
them but they have big rooms
I had a car crash guys
leave this guy's we got a bag of goodies
they have Christian Music Hall of Fame
in there simply is gonna dig through it
we haven't seen her butt crack all day
long a cup wow they really fixed us up
we got a cup we got a cup whoo let's
party
hey lovebirds later bouncin on it
already don't jump don't jump don't jump
are you gonna go down that way you got
this no you're not no come on you got
this look at this
oh man it's turns good nice to learn
they have a nice shimmery texture show
they have a telephone
Wow again just like last time cuz I'm in
the delirious phase of my sleep
deprivation we're both so exhausted I
feel so exhausted to the point I'm
feeling sick it's not America music Yelp
guy sorry
it's artists music guild duh what are we
thinking our dis music heals i remember
at first when he invited us to this i
was like whoa we're not really the
artists you understand we didn't make
the song right it was a Disney song that
we're not the artists who made it he's
like it doesn't matter you guys made
that video that's what makes you artists
something along those lines was said but
a what we're here now ms/ms I don't know
how they feel back I'm just feeling
sleepy and like tired and I feel like no
no I just want to take a more boat over
I feel like I wish it was bedtime anyway
we're supposed to go to a reception I
was like David's not happening
none of us don't sleep the shoes are
cranky
Oh cranky
hey Rosalie pivara mental I didn't know
well guys Sam's already passed out in
the bed I'm extremely tired I've got a
headache and I could just fall asleep
any second
but I'm making the kids getting them
ready for bed we're gonna play for a
little while because I still want them
to go to bed at bedtime now no earlier
no later so we're gonna try it out and
I'm going to tell you guys tonight now
and we'll see you all on tomorrow's vlog
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
when you
No
for msg
this is big guys this is really exciting
oh it's a beautiful rug it's beautiful
looks like it's running in yeah let's
have a brandy run straight from the
knife Centauri by
