Juliet's blogging right now did you hear
that so this morning guys I want to put
my nose where it doesn't belong
what up fan to the beat to the edge you
guys like my best I got this at Costco
there's only 17 bucks so this morning
guys I want to put my nose where it
doesn't belong so I get my news in two
ways either on my computer or through
the Today Show just found out Matt Lauer
was fired for sexual misconduct towards
one of his colleagues and I was just
like stunned by it and I started reading
some news on it and I'm Kathie Lee said
something so amazing I was just so
touched by it and the star was so
incredible for her to say this on the
Today Show
where they have millions of millions of
views per day she said no person is
perfect in the world nobody is we've all
sinned and fallen short of the glory of
God as well scripture says she goes on
to talk about not Lauer still being the
man he was before he did this because he
did this didn't define who he is and I
thought that was such an awesome thing
such I also remind her when we make
mistakes we shouldn't let that define
people when we see somebody we love make
a mistake we shouldn't let that be the
thing that defines them
my neck East Communion oh I got it thank
you
and that said don't picture oh I don't
know why because they left it justice
you think so yeah Dave damn three half
hitches in or jet one did you play
outside this morning with Daddy your
face is a little dirty I need to give
you a baby wife hi guys good morning
good afternoon whatever gonna call it I
woke up with a migraine this morning
like heads they're all being nauseating
I want to throw up everywhere migraine
I have probably only had like two real
migraines in my whole life and I am a
baby and it's so weird because you know
Sam gets headaches just never realized
how bad they actually are we've got our
own little McDonald's Langlais in here
so cute change the age well it was
perfectly clean before we got here well
when we got here it was perfect Sadie's
grown-up house is so cute look at her
table oh my gosh
doesn't like this fake snake Juliette is
so scared of things that move now she'll
scare the bugs
terrified like his fly of Russia isn't
crying about it she's so scared
everything
hey bro sis tonight he's dead even
though he's dressed up like such a baby
he looks like a little preppy baby shoes
and like
you wanna do something I wanted to do
since you said I could beat you and a
little changeup in man then I'm headed
to your friend Lane oh that's a good
idea can you pick one for Jules
no good idea hey Missy that wasn't much
of a nap this one's for you and you can
color it that's a gingerbread man yeah
yeah you got that one can you give him a
kiss
you get symphony some water for a
prefetches hi guys cut matches my shirt
I just got back from working traffic at
Symphony School the guys are headed off
to Broken Bow so we're gonna do a fun
girl craft did you hear that Daniel and
red-brown not ready around
you guys it's so sad and sweet Juliet's
running around the house saying Bubba
Bubba she's looking for a room
everywhere Juliet just misses the kids
so much especially symphony and I'm
thankful that they have each other this
weekend how's your gingerbread man
coming see looking so good yeah that's
what you do huh she's show me a bear
Juliet's vlogging right now hey need a
bath thank you for being gentle black
hair she's beautiful I love her oh you
are okay hey guys so Symphony has a math
test tomorrow and she did a review today
in class and did very bad on it I am
making a practice test
right now I'm writing up a little story
problem mom has six vitamins symphony
gets to Abram gets to how many
over here we're doing all these problems
so yeah I mean super usually is like on
the ball with Matt so I'm thinking she
just wasn't feeling super great we had a
little bit of a rough night last night I
know she was incredibly tired and so I'm
thinking that maybe that affected how
she took her test today I don't know
okay guys and all symphonies getting
ready for bed before she does her little
test we're gonna FaceTime our little
cousin coral because here in my hand I
have a package that she's into Julia
isn't that sweet
so we're gonna say summer hey this is
for you that's your package let's calm
down now there she comes
hey say hi coral today there we go
Hey Andreea we have to do this more
often they're so cute do you want open
your package your package thank you book
it's called wake up oh she loves flip
books she loves but it's bedtime at the
Raiders oh wow we didn't have her bad oh
my goodness maybe you guys should
practice some results real quick you'll
come doing what God doing wishes he can
let her do one now good job tada
oh my wait wait wait
she's doing another one her heads tucked
you got it good job okay sissy are you
ready to do stage it's song time
oh my all right heavy combat be careful
when she goes oh my gosh look how she's
holding on to the sides okay guys we're
gonna do a comment and question of the
day I'm gonna start with comment of the
day and it comes from
nermeen Vitali and she wants to know
what the red dot in the side of my eye
is and the answer is I have no idea I
didn't even know I was there until one
morning I was putting my makeup on and I
didn't put it on until like nooners yeah
it doesn't hurt I can't see it when I'm
looking out and it does seem to be
getting better I don't think it's
getting worse
so yeah somebody's got a question of the
day for you guys kid what do you want
for christmas oh it's so cute alright
guys and on that note we will see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember and love each other yeah that
too this is my first time ever as a mom
to bring I just want to say girls out
there look at that preciseness on how
she holds her pencil it was so amazing
it's kind of sad and cute all at the
same time
