Sippi I forgot I got you something a
wedding popper I got this for you at the
last wedding that I shot like reading
passage you want to see here you go
figure it out ah of course we got to
open it now you just turn this and you
hold it up okay like this you all gonna
do to you undo it for you
keep turning it keep turning it yeah
you are my sister made by the same guy
loved by the same
to live
in this together actually just finished
editing the wedding where I got that
from mom to show you the picture I got
of everybody popping those as the bride
and groom exited the reception it's a
cool shot check out simply c'mere so I'm
don't dis wedding maybe I'll share some
of the photo with you guys during the
dancing portion of the night I like to
drag my shutter which adds that motion
blur to the dancing and kind of helps
better capture the excitement of the
dancing and here's some of the pictures
I got this the bride and groom isn't
that really cool you can see his face
like going into her mouth and I can come
together really like that one let me
show you guys a couple other ones I did
look at this one does this not tell a
story or what look at that face you
don't need any words for that here's
some really fun shots of the bride and
groom dancing together this one that one
this one's cool too I really like this
I'll have her framed with the groom's
arm and the frame of the shot is that
cool I love this shot is that not cool
it's so sharp and crisp and get that
awesome blue backlight here's another
good one I love to capture the bouquet
right as it leaves the bride's hands
doing the bouquet toss I think it's a
really fun shot and adds a lot of
anticipation to the shot and I get
another shot as it comes down here to
the to the ladies see there it goes and
bam you see the person who gets it right
there this is another one of my favorite
shots of the night I got so many good
pictures doing this weddings done the
dancing part everybody it was so
energetic but this really captures the
night that they had I just love the shot
I love the light streaks in here and
just look at that face she's just so
excited and this guy back here he was so
energetic both of these people were
since I'm on this wedding I'll just show
you guys all my favorite shots this one
I really like she's getting her hair
done back there you can see a close-up
of her eye here and her whole face back
here in this mirror one thing about the
photo that I absolutely hate is his
water bottle it pretty much ruins a shot
for me here's another one of the same
shot I really like this one I have a
light back here and shooting through the
hairspray really makes it stand out and
I love these cows kind of brings your
eye into the shot I know it's a kind of
a typical getting ready shot but I think
it's cool because you
one girl here who looks like she's
looking in the mirror at herself here
but it's actually a different girl here
so you got two different girls getting
ready in the same shot I like this shot
over a wedding dress over here beautiful
lighting I have a flash off camera this
way pointing to light up the dress it's
not washed out like like it looks on the
camera it looks really great
all right like this one position it's a
shoot through her own arms I love shots
like this she's putting in her contacts
you can't really to see I'm here that is
this is another one of my faves
utilizing that little mirror right there
it's really cool because it shows that
the nervousness of the wedding back in
this mirror she's kind of gripping the
back of that chair while her bridesmaids
are down here out of shot getting her
dress ready and you see her face her
expression here in the mirror just looks
nervous and just thinking about the day
ahead it's upside down - which kind of
gives it a different feel I love shots
like these where you have double stories
bridesmaids over you're getting ready
bride right you're getting ready this is
a unique perspective of the bridesmaids
helping the bride get ready this is a
really cool emotional shot all the
bridesmaids looking on bride if you get
if you see the shot better she's
actually got a tear coming down her
cheek right there it's perfect
there's me right there anyway as you can
see I'm really proud of that wedding I'm
gonna go eat lunch now if you guys want
to see the rest of the images I'll
probably posting them on my photography
page sample photography within the next
couple weeks or so what's for lunch
alright I got a joke for everybody you
ready
I'm knock knock knock what who's that
Megan and chicken
Megan and chicken whoo he's making a
list and checking it twice gonna find
out who's naughty or nice go to the
library post office for the last time
before our trip we're leaving in the
morning yes I'm excited I really want to
go check our pol box and have one last
little sentiment from you guys before we
head off on our big trip because if it
wasn't for you all this wouldn't really
be happening you guys got David cooks
attention when we asked you to so that
symphony could be a part of it with us
and now we're just taking a broom along
for the ride what we're doing is this is
the AMG Awards American Heritage Award
is what we're nominated for our frozen
video was nominated for video of the
Year by American Music guild American
Music guild but it's all the way in
North Carolina and they paid throughout
all of us to fly out and perform our
lip-sync live on their stage and it's
supposed to be kind of a comedy types
kick cuz somebody else is going to take
Sidney's place it's gonna be an older
black lady who's popular and then jazz
realm and she's gonna take a place and
do her part Walter's gonna lip-sync on
stage and our original attire that we
were gonna do is gonna be really fun and
interesting trip that reminds me I got
to give him blue polo ready to go about
my sparkly shirt ready to go but I'd
forgotten angry hollow out of me love it
we don't have all right we got to
practice our lip-sync okay can we just
say something crazy of course all my
life has been somebody kissing a
lingerie it's so funny and it's all
purple every time showing this stuff
look at this guy's
I'm embarrassed I think they're
dangerous so there's a minute per visit
but there's also like a matching silky
blindfold man in the Hat Shane hey guys
where are we such procrastinators we
procrastinate so bad you're going to
cozy dinner she's about to cook when
I've impacted go tomorrow morning we got
to be at the airport at 5:00 a.m.
we live an hour away from the airport
I'm so stressed out about it so I'm just
going to go run not even think about it
and it is so cold outside right now guys
it is 38 degrees and it's very windy I'm
a little bit nervous about I'm not sure
how far I'm going to run I want to do
three miles before I get on that
airplane I don't want to throw any blood
clots or anything but anyway wish me
luck out there and I'm doing this for
Jaime today you know who you are Jaime
paddling he knows where the snacks Trat
look he opens a pantry and peeks in
there yesterday he opened the door down
here and opened it went side and saying
no no no not close it you guys neck
right there I just gave him one of those
yeah that's the one you gave okay honey
I need to do some math for me okay I
started running in 1952 and got back at
20 17 18 seconds
25:18 seconds yeah I got a new time my
best time yet for three mile 25 minutes
18 seconds
I want to thank several people first of
all I want to thank Nia because I
thought of all these people at this a 2
mile mark when I wanted to start walking
thumb Nia I thought of my brother
Michael and I thought oh you'll Lana I'm
not gonna but Jamie Fairbanks
I thought of Bo and shantel Doster thank
you guys for your cursor I really
appreciate it thank you so much Wow and
I got an awesome message I gotta show
you excited yeah well as doing my cool
down on the way here I picked up my
phone to seize the time or char up my
music and I got this awesome message on
our cemani a page let me read no yet I
can't read it I'm closing my eyes 7 eeeh
I work for Disney ABC and I'd like to
talk to you about your frozen video and
incorporating that into our Christmas
special this year let me know if you're
interested beat my best time and come on
to that so excited oh my gosh taste it's
not my whole run salted it's more of a
sweat smell yeah overwhelm does not know
you guys think I'm gonna start crying
I'm trying to pack my room looks like a
thrift store or boutique store just like
threw up and look what I walk into
yep you got it Abrams spilled this bag
of cheese's I opened it up and ate like
five cheese's out of it and it's for our
plane ride tomorrow
you guys are so great crew oh good job
little hands good job did you talk daddy
into going yep in his head oh yeah
that's all he said hey you're wearing
our YouTube shirt that's right huh
that is awesome we could have material
because we recently had to go up on the
price of our t-shirts because being a
print on the front and back made the
shirt it's pretty expensive to make I
think we ended up having to pay a little
bit our pocket to get all the shirts to
you guys yeah with $20 that we're
originally offering sure for but it's
just too expensive these are really high
quality shirts just so you know there
were 35 bucks they're going to last a
long time and we'll get a little bit of
problems from that so you'll help us out
a little bit so go buy a shirt from us
guys at Sam and Nia calm right was it
shovelful damn basic Wacom Oh fan basic
Wacom I had on some $0.90 and here while
I'm trying to pack I'm having a horrible
time tracking you guys just terrible am
Bruno Mars grenade came on easy come
easy go that's just how you live
I'll take take take it all but you never
can I shouldn't know you was trouble
from the first kiss had your eyes wide
open why were they open
give you a headache tossed it in the
trash you tossed it in the trash you did
ah to give you a head oh I have a an
spurt what to do but what you don't
understand is our catch a grenade for ya
yeah yeah yeah yeah
take a bullet straight through my brain
yes I would die for you baby but you
wanna do the stream and I wanna keep it
in vain oh yeah I want you to sing rocky
the whole time back back back and blue
Madeleine
give you a head and toss you in the
trash thanks felicity guys yeah yeah
yeah sing it brother
I mean son are you telling me to shush
does that Barry die is that a donkey no
I don't - oh so I got to pin the tail on
the horsey ha ha which way do you go
daddy that way well I can't see you my
eyes are closed
daddy this way baby that's right this
has got to go and pick it up inside
oh yeah the little boys with the donkey
oh here yes I'm gonna no here am I
going the right area right here yeah
right here yeah I didn't realize we
proud of me go hey hey you got pretty
close
Oh baby you guys like my Instagram
magnets this is a couple shoot I did a
while back this is from a wedding I did
this is one of needs best friends I did
I love this picture thrift store she's
sitting on a really old cab couch
outside the thrift store me looking an
intelligent one your shoot that I did
mean II mean Cynthia when she was tiny
looks a bit mean you and your tech this
guy right here he was actually just some
guy I was out photographing doing some
street photography and I asked this guy
who was standing right outside this cool
building I said hey man can you put
right here for me he got right from the
arrow and post for me is that cool it
was my favorite man
that one right there that was a cool huh
this was a senior shoot I did work out
my squats guys since I don't have
weights at home and I can't afford a gym
membership I'm just doing at the house
yeah
don't forget guys we love you late night
guy run for what these feminine products
and you can't look while I pick this
product out okay you're gonna like stay
behind with Symphony Symphony you're
proud of your uncle and daddy right now
she grabbed our hands earlier Redford
she came in here hold my hand
here daddy hold my other hand to the
center I Christian Center open you like
to critic the Christmas center such a
happy person I love it I'm gonna show
you okay all right where's Olaf oh there
is $33 Yeah right
all right city you have to show me where
mommy where's cuz I really don't know
come on I'm showing Cindy's going to
pick out the product cuz I don't know
what size what cushion thee fund it it's
on one of these walls one of these pads
oh wait no it's not pageants
the other thing can't even say the word
Unspeakables oh no it's not panties but
pretty close so what's the difference
between Playtex and the you Kotex not a
100 gentle glide 360 that's not about
right guys all right we're just going to
go up to glide gentle glide sounds
comfortable I know what you guys are
thinking oh man you started her period
she's not pregnant
she's not pregnant she started a period
so I got the goods now we're gonna go
Andrew stop man dude I thought you
always got a bow my gosh dude which one
of you ladies can check me out cuz I got
this here all right we're going in this
line she's up for the task
all right kid I got it they didn't have
a one-size-fits-all but I tried to get
the 1d one I have no idea what Brandi
used but hey I got the I guess the size
you wanted that right yeah that's right
it's alright Brian - oh I don't buy this
brand cuz it's like the most more
expensive brands it's fine okay I
thought it'd be extra comfortable for
you this time okay what a nice husband I
am you are he's so good I can't believe
you're not lying bad news babe
oh you did I told him bad news - are you
dude yeah okay yeah let's we still have
a lot of the head of a style right guys
we're gonna have another one just not
yet
but I guess we'll say goodnight now we
got to get the packing tear so we got a
lot to do we're going for three days
look at this no wait sorry this is
just like hey she's preparing us for a
hotel to be snowed in this is what's
going on she's preparing us to be
straight there for a year all right guys
don't forget we love you I remember to
love each other
No
but they missed
