oh yeah stretch your side stretch it
lean back lift up your feet off of the
ground
made by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to give
in this together they're dreamy
downward-facing dog
there you go so we're on rocker calm
during yoga for kids the five W's of
yoga
I told Cynthia we'd do this in the
morning that's been pretty fun Nina I
discovered this website called Crocker
you guys heard of that
Crocker calm it's a video network and
they have videos and three different
categories cooking yoga and fitness what
the website looks like Crocker calm you
can search by the experts a guy help
conditioning me you like sports
conditioning strength training this
one's kind of cool abs and core
exercises and you just put the videos
underneath that expert break your search
by category really cool site you guys
should check it out crocodiles home
we'll put a link to it in the
description good morning everyone or
good afternoon it's almost noon five
minutes and Counting and I'm ready
because I'm hungry today we're meeting
with some new friends we have not met
these people before and they're also
fellow youtubers it's called Matt and M
vlogs and you guys can find them in the
links below I started talking with Emily
and we just started talking about
hanging out sometime found out that they
live in the Dallas area Matt her husband
works in Dallas and so we were just
gonna meet up on his lunch break here at
the lot are you excited to meet Carter
and Drake you you she goes she goes mom
they don't have any little girls I was
telling her about it at the house all
your didn't ready I got really carsick
on the way up here I mean I'm just like
so nauseated right now I'm going through
the curriculum for a little pillar and
just reading over some of the stuff
because I'm about to drop it off with
shell and I just want to make sure that
all my T's are cross on my eyes are
dotted and I got so carsick oh my
goodness you guys don't even know we're
here with Matt and fighter we're heaven
it's done
parenting talk me and mr and then the
guys what are y'all talking about music
oh you're gonna be called guitar okay
just hearing your main job is so good
and this is like blizzard weather out of
here and the kids are playing in the
sand I'm like crazy are you I didn't
bring a coat anything gonna be outside
today it doesn't look like a cold day
but it actually is like really cold out
here and we have a freeze more than you
do earlier oh yes we'll just snow this
weekend they said it's a possibility
say no we'll be gone
Sippi what you're making over here just
concerned about Paul all right bring him
over there was a kids area they have it
all closed off for some reason the kids
found a way in you're gonna call under
there you can go through here Stephanie
hey you're gonna go through here so you
have to crawl look at everyone thinks
it's funny
come here buddy hey look can you figure
it out figure to go under there
we'll see if you'll figure it out I
don't think he's going to I always got
to make it deeper what are you doing
Abraham just tried to take a nap in the
sand you see all that mud on his face
Sam did the typical prank he told him
right when we got here he told matinee
you forgot his wallet what is up with
this guy I cannot get away from the free
now they're talking about dining and
dashing and that was fun okay guys well
we have to say goodbye to our new
friends here this is going to be the
coolest thing about doing YouTube is
making new friends and we made the new
one today Matt and him and their kids he
has a brother named Matt so it seems
kinda natural I do yeah a lot of guys
took the kids outside me and em have
three parts of Hearts sister talk you
know loggy montage and it was good I'm
gonna be finally got this coordinated
it's been long I know our schedules did
not meet up for a while she even gave me
a band-aid for my wounded finger cut the
trim oh okay guys this is a big day for
us as far as meetups go I'm meeting some
other YouTube moms Abram is soaking wet
what the heck
what did he get on himself Oh Abram I'm
meeting Shane Lee and Jessica from
Shaylee and baby and Jessica in the
mommy archives and I gotta say I'm
pretty nervous I don't know why I feel
nervous but I do you do patootie dump
this drink out so I'm going to be
getting some tips from them on having my
own mommy chip I'm really looking
forward to having my own channel and I
want to get some tips from these moms
because I believe they started with the
mom channel I don't know if Jessica does
daily vlogs in their family I know
Shelly ventured into the family daily
vlogs
she started with the mommy channel so my
goal is to get some tips and learn a
little bit about them and their family
they have two cute little girls Kennedy
and Eaton and excited for Symphony and
able to get to play with them
we're here at the peril Museum in Dallas
it's big museum Science Museum
this guy over here this construction
worker is peeing inside of that building
I cannot believe this
maybe he's not peeing this is Eden hi
eat it and this is Kennedy can you say
hi okay we just ran like
here they're Shaylee and here's Jessica
I've been texting Jamie oh she was like
I was telling Shaylee the other day I
just like love her hair blonde dark red
always awesome he wants her so as I said
this is Jessica and Shelly and I'm just
talking to them about having my own
mommy channel I don't have one yet I
really want one you all know that and so
I was just wondering if you guys would
give me like what are some ways to like
dang I keep getting Jessica out what are
some tips for having a mom and channel
like and making you know those
connections you guys will seem like
really personable and down-to-earth and
just you know genuine
I have an idea
write it down because yeah somebody out
there somewhere will be interesting
angle crazy like this is my first time
because like I'm so better my first time
to like connect with like mom's from a
channel versus like other families and
stuff like that and so I'm like extra
excited about
the moment do their little thing Tiffany
and I are going to go in here and watch
a universe video Chris third time so
that was the end of today and actually
see the sky the team so in all this
tuned to the time of year it is the day
and all that so it is pretending those
two days and fast-forwarding charts
sunset tonight
there it is the portable universe guys I
need your help I'm here with three very
chatty women and I'm all alone there's
no other man I all I had was able to
back me up and every time I'd pick up a
room he starts crying for mommy somebody
please get me out of here come here
stand on here this is going to show you
what earthquake feels like do you know
what earthquake is that's when the earth
shakes from the rocks adjusting
underneath the ground and this is going
to show you what it feels like
get on there get out here press that
button right there press that button
right there get me press it for you
this is what earthquake feels like stay
there
that's what earthquake feels like isn't
it scary you see somebody well you see
the ocean up there I was in the 89
earthquake that happened in LA in 89 and
we're living in San Diego I remember a
whole family ran underneath the table in
the dining room my mom was on there
nursing my little brother well the earth
was shaking we got the we went to San
Diego we were in San Jose and we got
kind of Alps crystal history
Oh get it honey
that's exactly how it felt right there
you guys hit the tornado Wow
oh cool we're s
that's fascinating it's a tornado you
see it you come down here you can see it
better this is me guys check it out that
was awesome
Freddie hit it hit it yeah
oh look at that hit nice hit babe
he's testing her reaction time
Oh bad that's medium just straight
morning I had a bullet Oh meal so a cup
of oatmeal run that off I played
basketball for fifty minutes and that's
how you lose weight you have to burn
more energy than you take in if you're
burning as much as you're taking in
you're gonna lose weight but if you're
taking in more than you're putting out
in the game they have been such an
awesome day just immediately the girl
this has been such an inspiration for me
I love you guys hopefully we're good to
do it again I'm lining on hopefully
meeting up with them on Tuesday or
Monday whatever day and maybe we'll do
like a collab video or something and
talk a little bit more about mommy's and
mummy life and YouTube Mummy Mummy Mummy
that's what we talked about right Chloe
thank you I had quite a scare today
Symphony was pushing around the stroller
with Abram innit
and she's on this big indoor ramp and
she let him go down the ramp and I was
standing there taking pictures of Nia
and the other girls so I turn around and
I see the stroller going down the ramp
and sitting me just standing there I was
like waiting it is evidence of it sure
and I just like dashed over that's
pretty though my legs even heard from
like so fast I ran over there and I
caught him just to tell me this question
hey the wall
yeah bloggers can't fly out of my pocket
oh man it was scary I went to a
fight-or-flight mode I was just like
shaky or just oh my gosh it was almost
like a life-or-death situation it really
wasn't but what's oh happy Veterans Day
everybody
all you guys out there and ladies who
serve and they're listing the US Armed
Forces thank you guys so much I want to
give a special thank you to Michael my
twin brother who served and the Marines
and who also served in the Iraq war
overseas Mikey thank you so much for
your service I love you bro thanks for
defending your country and your family
and all your other people who do the
same thank you so much
you obviously wouldn't have my precious
family here if it wasn't for you guys
I'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you I'd remember to love each
other
what a mess
