oh my gosh you guys I just found the
most amazing thing like ever I cannot
believe it so Walmart had this big huge
display it's obviously like the first
day of this display and and it was all
extremely marked down bar love all kinds
of foam material I mean I just got all
kinds of stuff all I can say is that
this is just amazing for my business
it's gonna be a really nice outfit for
me because I bought quite a bit of it
for like next year maybe like after the
holiday sales and stuff like that not
only does it give me a chance to offer
my wreaths at a lower cost but the ones
that I decide to go all out on like
embellish them a lot it gives me a
chance to make a nice profit off of it
so it was all 90 percent off for every
single item for 75 cents apiece I didn't
spend over $50 you
yes
by the same guy nobody same heart we've
got to live
got to give love
where I won't
in this together it is reaction when you
first see Sam can you guys see Sam run
Forrest run
boom he looks good running got his eyes
locked on daddy but starting to get his
reaction you woke up whispering dad
he waited daddy how was your run Oh
honest - I could do in one mile call
tomorrow I did it seven minutes
holy moly I'm off limits that is pretty
fast collapsed nothing about I filled
the grass I've never the better you fell
in the grass oh I just yeah just don't
let myself fall where did you end the
mile at not here one miles formed a trap
okay
small laugh and then back to that Street
oh I've been teaching Abram where the
moon is and and the other day we were at
Walmart at night which is very rare but
they have the big parking lot lights and
he was pointing going moo moo was so
cute he's learning Oh another thing
everyone learned how to say is I love
you back ba ba ba bye dad
Abram say I love you he says it
different though he says whoo-whoo every
man let me Bob I go for a job bye bye oh
my roses fell over I got to bring these
roses home from Bible study the other
night we had a really awesome study on
the topic of study so I got to keep
these roses my group studied nature it's
actually really amazing the study we did
he's so stressed out
I've been a fantastic data for me I have
just been phill'd off town just
overwhelmed by everything that whoo
so I came out here and did a run I just
have so many photos that Eddie and I cut
off to the last minute it's been really
hard you know keep up with the things
that I used to do since I've been
blogging just been quite a challenge for
me and today just all gonna hit me hard
when I have a big plate in front of me
it's just hard for me to consume it all
if you go she's the princess has risen
from her slumber and was her first
request
she wants a Yoplait yogurt but I
explained her at the store she asked me
for this yogurt then I I got this yogurt
for me and Sam when I was putting in the
bunny she's at oh I love it and I was
like what you picked out a little kid
yogurt she's video adult yogurt I mean
this yeah well me when that is it's so
young you just do the kid yogurt but can
you really reduce the same flavors
strawberry yep this is strawberry and
this is strawberry oh but I love the
bunch kind o yours orange okay now one
of the neighbors have a pecan tree we
can go pick up some pecans from her yard
I asked her if is okay she said yes do
you want a little slot he's having
looking guys yesterday was just such a
fail that I couldn't resist today at the
store sugar cookie cookie dough and I'm
gonna have one roll and then I'm gonna
cook them and we're gonna enjoy them
we're having a feast tonight we're
having roast with potatoes and corn on
the cob and I am so hungry I'm about to
let Ava roll around and all the mesh I
got today at the store I think he's
gonna love it
let's watch it
I know he was gonna love it
he wants it all behind him get this out
of my way this stuff was probably the
steal of the day they had really long
rolls of burlap I usually only get like
half of this size for about $3 a piece
that whole roll was under $1 what is he
doing okay
a little competition with a bro
show us again a ver oh great mommy had
to come okay he's doing that is so funny
hi buddy baby you doing something oh my
gosh you guys are hilarious
now flip forward flip flip flip Symphony
well flip forward what is he doing
Andrew look good
nobody showed you to show dude you think
it is curious little thing
yeah entertaining and read and read this
is all right we have a lot of registry
those ruby teal and we don't know about
okay so what's going on over here
we're setting up faint station I'm
working on my restore haters got like a
curly initial in the middle and it's
gonna be like a big bow on top kind of
look like an ornament because it's round
and I've got a lot of them and I really
want to ship them out forward on
vacation so Symphony is going to help me
paint so guys we want to do a meet-up
this Thursday and Charlotte North
Carolina we're going to be there our
plane is supposed to land at 2:15 so
anybody in the area would be happy to
see you guys right there on the airport
where our plane lands you guys want to
meet us there like and baggage claim
area right yeah that'd be perfect
yeah we'll just meet in baggage claim
I'm sure parking is gonna be hard but
that's our only option because we're not
gonna have a car somebody's gonna be
there to pick us up and take us to the
hotel and now from there it's going to
be hard for us to meet anywhere so let's
just mean at the airport at we're going
to be on Southwest Airlines coming in
from Chicago be there or be square
daddy we're gonna play again okay so I'm
gonna check you up first who's next in
line I didn't get anybody else okay go
get him I'll be waiting okay sing any
Warnie this might hurt a little bit okay
but first I'm gonna give some laughing
gas so it helps relax you well I look
inside your mouth okay all right have
you been brushing your teeth yes three
times a day after breakfast after lunch
and after dinner yes are you sure yes
because it looks like you have a couple
cat
these people on that side one on that
side so I'm gonna have to operate I have
to remove all of your teeth I love them
yes I'm so sorry
okay I'm gonna drill mount with my drill
are you ready you okay yeah dared yeah
don't you think you're supposed to talk
like this now could you know how many
teeth do they still do daddy
but we're pretty daddy
alright Union you ready boo teeth are
looking bad can you hold her down for me
please
no I'm removing her teeth it looking bad
watch your hands please she okay
Symphony mm-hmm they kid because she's
um doodle bears friend so she never ever
cried okay she's done a great job we got
to do one more procedure here open up
doodle bear dad Elsa I named her Elsa
Oh Elsa you're looking pretty rough
today we got to take the teeth out sent
me we got to do this please stay back I
mean this can be pretty dangerous
drool for this part yeah you're venting
it daddy
I'm begging it uh-huh I got to push
really hard teeth are hard to get out
those are not just your toes those are
my golf my golf stick your golf clubs I
thought they were just my tools but
they're my god what all right I'll
be more careful sorry all right please
move your hand while I do this second
part of the procedure we hope to see you
guys this weekend and if you liked our
video make sure and give us a thumbs up
and subscribe if you haven't done that
already that way you can see more of our
family alright well we'll see you on
tomorrow bye
we shall jump
we're a mess
um doctor yeah um I've been feeling
really sick here lately and I need some
help
well we share well it's just that my
bellybutton
um well this morning when I woke up he
he started talking to me huh can you
pick it up for me yeah chocolate ah
