put your foot door
when I cook
is where my favorite PJ's this morning
put your back in your bed buddy what's
going on here
you were to go church
you know where PETA is the church today
by the same guy
by the same
to live
we've got to give
in this together
we're hiding the calorie shoot the
retail hurry we're just gonna kind of do
that so nervous does it kinda have to
introduce it's like that and really were
supposed to be there right now in two
minutes
right no no we're just here like his
word they got up put us in the lineup
for the service but well they asked us
to come at 10:10 myself please not mad
at us well he's the one who asked us to
be early so this is what I think I'm
gonna say something like I hate when I
think it's mad at us so much so scary
does he get - I saw I've been practicing
what I'm gonna say everyone you all know
that I get nervous want us to be
different people I was thinking I'll say
something like this and now I'm going
blank I had I seen a lot of really cool
boys and girls right up here and they
are gonna come and they have a song that
what they would have seen for all the
moms and that's all the girls today and
I'm just betting that their singing is
way better than y'all singing okay so
they've been look at this awesome one
we're gonna cook it and come up and
stand on this carpet lady and dirty to
their boss ignition
do y'all know what's happening on the
other side of the wall well pastor Boas
preaching a sermon to all of our mommies
and daddies we learned earlier this
semester that weren't friends treat us
badly or we're supposed to so can you
guys demonstrate that a little bit he
did something to you and that hurt your
feelings would you say sorry and then
what would you say Sunday profile today
we have a special guest mr. Robert Lewis
Murphy known as the Texas cowboy who
came all way from Australia he's famous
in Australia I'm gonna interview a man
at Tommy's request here can we do a
interview with you yes sure what a
pleasure so this guy has it like it is
it a Sikh it's the sixth series of a
cooking show in Australia it's the
number one show on TV over there it's
called My Kitchen Rules oh wow that's
awesome so we have probably some
Australia viewers probably know who you
are so what brings you to America well
uh I'm kind of off for a little while
we're almost finished seeing everything
for that season six okay
she's in so I've got a little bit of
time off and I've got a rush back there
had come back for her funeral and so
then now I've got to go to Australia for
what reasons before the gel now I live
there I've lived there for 23 years now
my wife is from there okay so I went
over there and I've taught school for
elaborate ages be amazed how have you
step into you know making videos my wife
well not my wife but my daughter
probably got me into first she just
asked me if I won debating this cookies
show with their said sure of it I didn't
think it would happen but you can never
have enough Texas he wants to know what
you guys think
I understand hair stuff shy shy I
interviewed the Texas cowboy
tassels for graduating graduating with
honors I say your golden castle awesome
is that a necklace was a party a dress
our friend are making a fire you guys
making over here a pile for what reason
you're gonna make a fire over here under
the tree at Church sprinkler roofers are
coming they would shoot us Symphony wait
who's gonna light the fire who's gonna
light the fire though it's already going
we are totally those families right now
that are letting our kids run around the
roster my second-favorite all around I'm
logging about being those those parents
that are letting our kids run around the
restaurant I always swore that I
wouldn't be that but it's better than
listening to the kids scream right
yeah their kids got a little me for you
we didn't take them to place for the
play place so we make around lately
yep hi Titus wow you look so handsome
today
you said fly over the enemy what y'all
say the enemy
where's not hey guys guess what I got
going on today another photo shoot what
do you know this is actually a day after
shoot the wedding I did for brandy and
Austin about a month ago I'm doing the I
was less than a month but anyway I'm
doing a day after shoot today remember I
do like a day after shoot for the
newlywed type thing something excited
about that
Avery man just woke up from our Sunday
nap which is right the most glorious nap
of the week and my personal reason
really want some sugar came home and I'm
her to make sense it's freezing in the
house I'm gonna have some coffee do some
baking and excited minute right now it
feels so wintry in here right now I've
got a scarf oh man I'm sleepy
you know when you're in the winter time
you just always want to like cuddle up
and get in bed go through this guy's up
- yep right we get those rosy cheese
okay you're so silly
there's a wreath I made last night isn't
it cute you guys love it it's going to
be called the Christmas blossom that
sound pretty symphony just got it from
her nap and she wanted no part in the
helping then I told her she wanted to
lick that suppose she had to help me a
little bit in here's your Ian
hey puppy we're in here no no no not yet
good job you guys I'm horrible at making
cookies I've never made a batch of
cookies that were like fluffy and nice
the way they're supposed to be so I just
scraped this cookie off the pan and it
kind of looks like this I mean that like
looks like scrambled eggs some advice
just you know kindly give my wife some
advice on cooking cookies there's
something she does run like pretty much
every time she does it I feel bad she
tries hard so now what I do I've never
seen it turn out like this though but
she did what happens when she cooks
cookies as they usually turn out really
flat and like cake like they're like
really puffy and airy and they're not
like cookies you know they're not chewy
or crunchy after the dryer whatever but
show some help wait they're what I
always thought they were like flat to
crunchy
sometimes they're crunchy and please
don't open that back up I just closed it
please no please I can't take the music
in you what the heck hey hey bruh what
are you going are you going on vacation
me say bye bye perks of having a
daughter I love it I just did symphonies
hair she's like me blow-dry it
moisturize it and then straighten it and
it looked so pretty she calls it her
Rapunzel hair check it out you guys look
how long it looks it's so pretty damn it
well we're off to do some crafting and
we're gonna tell you guys good night now
so thank you for coming along on our day
if you liked our video give us a thumbs
up and we will see you all on tomorrow's
log bye
