to give
in this together my day started off
great today I went outside and I
actually ran three point four miles
that's the furthest I ran so far since
I've started running again I feel great
I was actually inspired by Benji from
it's Judy's life I watched their vlog
and he said he went running like 12
miles yeah that's never happening but he
inspired me to go out that I run I kept
trying to recite part of the scripture
today I was running he really encouraged
me to keep going it was from John 3:13
and 14 when jesus answered the Samaritan
woman and said those who drink of this
water will thirst again but those who
drink of the water that I shall give
them will never thirst then I got home
and you guys were snuggling on the couch
does look cute with it Abram is 13
months he's about to be 14 months old
and so I've been catching up on my baby
app to see what milestones he's going
through and right now he's in an
extremely moody phase I knew that but I
wasn't sure if it was normal or what was
going on or if it was just a tooth
coming in so I was reading on the app
and it was just saying that like right
now on his face he's in he's gonna be
wanting to nurse a lot or eat whatever
their eating patterns are they're gonna
want to do a lot of it and they're gonna
want to do it close to mommy
another thing that he's doing right now
is he's in the phase of patterns I
believe it's called and that is where in
his mind he has a goal pretty much every
single step or crawl he takes he has a
goal in mind like lately he's really
been into climbing on the stool in the
craft room getting a crayon and sticking
it through the hole of Symphony's basket
for her schoolwork this morning when he
did it I went over to him I said good
job Abram you made it you did it and I
tried to like let him know that I
acknowledged
he reached his goal do you want a snack
Oh going to his highchair Oh cutie pie
look at this man I love salmon I'm
telling you
sometimes I just walk around the house
and pick up those dirty clothes that he
takes off here sweetheart let me just
put this away for you we have this nifty
little rack up here for stuff like that
where you can strip off and hang it
there we go I'm about to leave to go do
my photo shoot with Brad and Catherine
our viewers coming all the way from
Louisiana six hours away five hours away
I feel so honored to do that for them
it's just so awesome that somebody likes
my photography that much that chills
drive that far just so they could get in
front of my camera or in front of my
eyes brother I'm gonna leave you guys
here with me and the kids with this
vlogger Nia he's about to grab my drink
and I'm gonna take the other bloggers
with me on the the photo shoot did you
sleep with your bunny nibbler you can
get down and see sissy someone's happy
she's home oh are you happy to see your
brother he's hard a leg down Reena I'm
sorry Jimmy I gotta be vlogging we got
show up right hey you guys doing this is
Kathryn Brad newly-engaged once you guys
get engaged I didn't get that 24th okay
cool so I wanna start here at this Park
the tell-tale signs that Symphony spent
the night away this comes bouncing
in a room okay Craig right she's the
first shot of the shoot stood up there
yeah see him up there trying to get the
sunlight coming through the trees get
these nice flowers on the foreground and
get that light coming through them get
some nice backlighting here's what looks
on my camera that's the first shot of
the shoot right there is that awesome I
love it
unfortunately my mom brought her home at
nap time and so I'm not gonna skip her
just because she was away at night
because that's how you get a little kid
off of their routine you just skip it
one day and they're a team gone and now
it's different when you skip it and
you're out like if we were out all day
and she skips her nap that's fine but
when we're at home and we start skipping
naps and you know what becomes an issue
we're at a new location now Catherine
said she loves this place
what does she love this area or just
area oh wow
Sam and Nissan those are for us you
painted that yeah how cool thanks guys
basic cool symphony oh she's gonna love
that thanks guys that was really cool
Bradley here said he was actually
mentioned on one of our blogs what
happened yeah I was uh the reef contest
that Mia did yeah yeah so he got an
honorable mention he didn't win tried to
win her for Cathy nope oh yeah it wasn't
for me and then what did I say he said I
said something - I don't know guys guys
gonna stick together
okay I remember saying that I remember
saying Bradley though I'm so bad with
names but we're gonna go over here now
so since Kathryn likes horses I'm gonna
do a picture of them against this horse
on the wall
do you like that horse over there
Kathryn like horses and I couldn't take
you to a real horse
I just knew this place is here oh yeah
I've seen it before last time I came to
Dallas actually saw that there I was
like where did I see that horse that I
came in here before I met you guys and I
found it so let's go over there first I
wanna check out this building up here me
and my little princess are spinning some
alone time together while Abram takes a
nap this rarely has usually Abram wakes
up before Symphony gets out of bed and
I'm so happy to be spinning some alone
time with this cutie gosh there's one
theory neighbor but I wanted to be alone
with mommy at yes I love it so we're
doing some schoolwork we're working out
of the curriculum book from five little
monkeys so how'd you guys meet that's a
great place to meet your soul mate
she was my friends I was like man I need
to go talk to her so you're a do you
sing in your church I don't anymore I
used to
can you sing it come on Duke Athens I
don't blame you trust me alright let's
go and get you guys over here underneath
the head area there you go perfect
be so much taller than her this has been
kind of tricky one more then we're
trying to hold off this till dinner
because Sam's taking forever we're all
so hungry
Bradley proposed with this sign right
here he made he picked up the material
from Hobby Lobby it's awesome Brad so
we're gonna use this in a shot somewhere
still snack time over here we are all
enjoying some juice and the little
stamps and saltine crackers men that I
take magnet man never yield one more
please
say please obey my name oh he said
please get up okay well let's see dirty
dad so nobody silos Bradley said they
used to hold corn rice I guess they
dried them I have no idea got these
awesome shadows and I was just telling
but it's still got the bushes that's
awesome
okay bring it to the table up here I got
my lucky you got Bambi and I'm gonna go
head in Manila aver look at one oh yeah
right
okay so now we're about to start eating
and I got one more for me look okay yeah
yeah we just finished our shoot went
really well we came to our last location
and there was a poor guy living under
and he said don't shoot pictures look
crazy he said they'll take my picture
don't take my picture all right I'll
come over there and cut you
I'll break the pieces so we'll call it
quits
there's less meaning you guys
do you have a YouTube Q cool 2007 that's
for me to remember yes your name my
cousin okay I'll be looking out for your
name in comments he's the one who found
us he found us through the frozen video
right and they just start watching our
vlogs
alright
daddy's on his way home yes he D in
there
oh she's face time with somebody it's
pretty funny Davis and windows need to
be cleaned honey I'm home
he loves the part work you guys did
believe it you know what I was just
thinking about - I was like as our
channel grows we might someday lose this
logo we might change our fondant colors
no we're not we're not we're gonna have
something - you know the little drawing
looks good yeah awesome like school boys
thanks Katherine all day today I was a
little bit nervous about getting in a
car wreck because last night I had a
dream that I got in a car wreck a car
wreck did kill Kevin Begley he died in a
car wreck
do you guys know movie that's from mommy
and daddy
oh that's scary that would be very scary
mommy daddy made a big mess oh they made
you clean up our big mess
that sounds very scary anyway today we
got a tweet from Jackie and apparently
today it's her 19th birthday
happy birthday Jackie happy birthday to
you to make up for that long walk we had
yesterday I'm going to say goodnight
right now okay don't forget to call me
we love you remember to love each other
Oh
new Camaro quick you'll really like this
