hey somebody what do you think you're
going sure gonna miss you make sure you
got everything packed up
by the same guy loved by the same
to give
in this together this is one of the
downsides of vlogging so far see that
pile of mail I just pulled all the spin
all out of mailbox
that's probably over probably over a
week's worth of mail the last time you
check them out for Bradley Bray
we used to check it every day we start a
blog a nice to be part of our daily
ritual go outside with cute Kaitlyn it's
so crafty oh my gosh it's Bradley cotton
birthday time she's lying that's
adorable
let gets a little Bradley's birthday
invitation isn't that pretty
would you like to hold it speechless
party what I'm most excited about in
this mail is my new rangefinder magazine
did you guys hear I made the 30 rising
stars of wedding photography inside the
rangefinder no I did it maybe one year
though we got like I think there's like
43 people from Texas who made the top 30
rising stars of wedding photography and
I was not one of them learning his body
parts I was your eyes Sydney would we
get going on straight over what we're
gonna we're gonna then they're not be
vows and garlis blurry
we're heading to a garage sale and it's
kind of a random line in the middle of
nowhere in Kaufman but this yard sale
our garage sale has a garage full of
wreaths apart
like big rolls of mesh and all kind just
of all kinds of stuff I should show you
guys in the photo let me so I don't have
it but anyway so I'm going and I'm
hoping to find a good deal after the
holidays business tends to slow down and
I do a lot of auctions I already do a
lot but I'll do like bulk auctions where
I sell like several things in one
setting is they roam asleep the end is
your lifespan those she likes to make a
buck not to sell stuff here's some yarn
or string is it your like for next year
for fall even yeah that's pretty yeah
that's how I feel like if I just say we
$10 negotiate $1 honey yeah but why
would I have all the stuff if I just say
here's some Christmas ribbon for six
bucks I'm too bad buddy
classy Christmas yeah hi Abram 150 I
know what this guy does
he buys these on sale after Christmas
and then waits till Christmas the
following year and then marks up the
prices and gets a little profit on these
because some of these look new still in
the box
like they've been sitting out for a long
time here's some Rhys you can just sell
Tiffany here's some books look questions
and answers this looks cool back there
look NATO mosquito turn the page let's
see what's on the other pages on all
pages let's read one it says how does a
plant grow you open it up it starts as a
tiny seed in the earth first a little
seeding appears with water and Sun it
grows and grows
seed seeding plant there's the Sun and
the rain this is cool book I like it for
you
it's like exploring in the side of a
book I might get this for you I like it
oh he's too
Bradlee that's cool who's the artist
hey that's a nice that's actually pretty
cool new your mom has one of those trees
in her yard yeah who's the artist your
wife cool his wife's an artist she's
good
give thanks to the Lord oh this looks
snuggly this is pretty cool
fifty dollar kit it's probably worth it
all these oil paints lay this looks like
50 bucks worth of stuff you tempted to
start paying just looking at it we just
decided to meet up here us our crafters
and we were like we're gonna go to this
yard sale and see what we can get this
is what I'm taking home I found a couple
of kids on the curve hey do you guys
have parents I was playing a game you're
supposed to play with me do you guys
have any parents so I got an awesome
deal today you guys it didn't seem like
it at first because everything was
marked the price that I I get it on sale
for just about anyways like maybe a
dollar cheaper than when I already paid
for it
and she did give me a little bit of a
discount I got quite a bit of stuff
Wow I mean why sweeping I couldn't find
chewy um mama said I had it too hon
cutie okay cute shirt me about nice some
of you taking off your shoes already
your shoes got so harder if he got so
hot your feet got hot didn't they cute I
have a whole bunch of new babies here at
my mom's house my mom and dad's house is
where I grew up and have a ton of eating
babies in here in the closet and I read
an article that all the spider eggs were
planted back in the day when they were
buying beanie babies and if they should
all start hatching soon I was so creepy
I know I fell that article they said
they packed them with us
spider eggs yeah and it's been the 10
years now and I said they're hatching
she's the same she's the same height you
were there was that near when you were
forward for native dirt weed or did Lea
all right yeah so she was that 10 years
old
this is cute stand right up against
there never mind Sam hi Wow battery yeah
she's the same hat did you when you were
four years old different times
throughout the year when you do really
good things you make mommy really proud
or daddy really poor good night one
it'll be a little surprises for you when
you do big accomplishments or really
sweet things to your brother or for
mommy and daddy okay so get Benny or Kim
well I was gonna surprise you with one
but you want the bunny this time my
friend okay
I'm planning you keep there and they all
finish
you know they all have names - did you
have people clicked all these together
mm-hmm
this one is nibbling Evo's you spin a
lot and both those tries to look I found
a little kitty here kitty kitty Keith Oh
mirror look at that beautiful mirror hi
guys
but this is where I used to shave this
is a close shot right here and that oh
there's a razor right here he does shave
right here what a cool place to shave
I've never shaved outside before come
out here butt naked in the morning and
shave well the Sun is rising over here
cows are them foreground what years on
the calendar December 1994 it's not that
old actually that's pretty old but just
see it's all sun-baked we've got onions
hanging up here he's got some more
onions little ones just drying out in
the Sun look at this old refrigerator
this is cool I bet he's got some beers
in there just kidding up no beers more
tools those are the cleaning tools say
Moo
say Moo no no good they don't sink our
earth they say Moo it's a cow can you
say Carol is your finger itching I'm
sorry you say cow it's a pretty escape
what are you guys doing something same
flavor phew that's all I got had the
whole cream is this where you shaved you
me mmm is this where you shave no I you
know there's a razor right there
yeah okay cotton gin people long time oh
it is the shaping mirror though cotton
gin oh cool he's got screws inside that
turtle shell what Terrapin shale a
Terrapin show which is like a turtle
you're that cool is this where you store
some screws to Jamie shows how this
works here yeah
I'm right here taxes oh no you lid on
there didn't are you just know it up
there mm-hmm I've been up rush along
with it's tight secure rested no see
that my come on face he's this nail it
up there I'm that cool that's a little
Pinterest idea right there an outdoor
playpen mm-hmm
he is exercising over there
the Wildcats Jimmy let's these caps move
out here who feeds them he's just
waiting for the Coyotes to get inside
but a good ol country way I guess he
said that Mommy every got eaten by
coyotes
please tell me that's not year inside of
there yes Wayne oh that was a year Bebo
chocolate face honey face I mean I love
you so much pep up on Bebo do you guys
want to see what I got for $30 at the
yard sale today I'm dying to show
all of this for 30 bucks that's a big
steal I think overall if I'd paid full
price for all this it would have been at
least $100 luckily I do normally find my
stuff perhaps also still probably
wouldn't okay you want to take a bath
go where's the bathtub after dropping
symfony off at my mom and dad's house I
went to Mardell and got some stuff for
the new semester at little pillar that's
all the stuff that I got the stuff you
saw just now and I am just super excited
about it so the youngest class not the
youngest well there's nursery toddler
and preschool so the middle class the
toddlers the curriculum I put together
last semester just wasn't really going
so well wasn't terrible from what I
understand but it wasn't like really
super productive so I got some new
things I thought why not have something
there that they do every single week
instead of trying to change it upbeat
tweet to match the story so I found some
stuff from Melissa and Doug at really
good prices by the way and so these are
the days of creation nesting blocks and
so each Sunday the class will go over
the days of creation and it'll be like a
repetitive thing each Sunday then this
is the Best Buy I found these Melissa
and Doug cube puzzles but it's not just
one puzzle there are six different
puzzles and to go along with it I got
this Bible book the Jesus story book
Bible Symphony also has that Bible so I
know the content that's inside and it's
really good it's great for getting the
message of Jesus across to children and
it's really nice to look at I mean it's
bright it's colorful look at the pages
on the inside it's just very artsy the
way that things are you know put
together and I'm excited to incorporate
it into little pillar look how cool
these are guys today 7 super interactive
thing to do with toddlers I mean come on
what toddler doesn't like building a
tower and then knocking it all over all
at the same time learning how our earth
was created I love it it's bright it's
colorful it's got animals and stars a
good contrast of darks and lights these
over now guys thanks for coming along
with us as usual did you guys like our
new lip sync did you like it it was a
pretty good choice
took a swallow decided said there's
actually fewer duets and you guys think
out there Disney duets we're trying to
stick with Disney took us about how many
tasted that take how many takes did it
take to get that take I was gonna say 5
yep you know what is so funny like when
we did our first lip sync but you know
the frozen one obviously it was just
like us having fun it wasn't anything
like there was nothing attached to it
for me and like as we keep doing lip
scenes I know that you guys are on the
other side of the camera and I'm telling
you every time the camera was like up on
the dashboard I would like freeze I'll
miss you guys
I totally have now we got to do this I
have the phone now and I did it without
the camera it was like perfect how'd it
do a teeth now we're trying to look for
a Christmas doesn't he do it we just
found a really challenge we definitely
do a cute one like we're still looking
that's gonna be her but their backup
we're hoping to find like a you know
just one that's like yes it's not one
this is like we found one and it's like
okay that's cute right so tomorrow when
we got going on I'm actually doing a
photo shoot tomorrow of some viewers
some a couple of you guys their name is
Brad and Kathryn they're just got
engaged and they're coming all the way
to Dallas from Louisiana I'm not sure
what part she told us but they know that
yeah and they're driving five hours so I
could shoot their engagement photos
alright guys we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
what are you gonna be doing this is
Brooklyn start around noon hopefully the
house by noon well I didn't know that
Sam had this photo shoot tomorrow or I
would have done all the errands I did
tonight tomorrow yeah he did tell me
what I just forgot about it I just
didn't realize that was gonna be like an
all-day thing but I don't know I kind of
want to go with you and just walk around
the park with the kids in the stroller
but it's gonna be cold so yeah that's
what pic hold on I'm gonna meet Brad and
Catherine that's not fair
