we talk about your geeky alright 71 here
by my patients so I had this one baby he
was about a month old and while they're
pulling the baby out of the car in the
car seat
they accidentally shift the car seat
over and the baby came flying out of the
car seat and fell face-first onto the
pavement but the baby was ok just
sustained a minor abrasion on tip of his
nose and some redness on side of his
head a lot of people come in with their
car seats and they're extremely loose
you could almost fit like a whole hand
underneath the belt and their sternum
and it's crazy these people don't
realize if you're heating a car if you
hit something going 50 miles per hour
that baby's gonna fly out of there go
straight to the wind shoulder if you can
fit just one finger in there that's what
it needs to be
by the same guy loved by the same heart
got to give
and this together it was the wiggle
wiggle house to twerk shake it buddy
speaking of shake it off I have some bad
news what I'm sure everyone already
knows Taylor Swift is offering music oh
yeah Spotify I searched for Taylor Swift
I'm telling you like ten times yesterday
within like five minutes so I googled
her to see how smelling her name wrong
because I couldn't find her on Spotify
another what the heck is she said she's
not making enough money off of it yeah
which is stupid because people are gonna
start illegally downloading her so I got
some even worse news for you I like some
target yeah I do not know you guys
should go follow colon from Target
because everyone is trying to make that
turning because he wouldn't what about
with some bad news though it was a big
marketing scheme yeah
let's fake viral you guys like Mike Earl
I slept in my hair from yesterday and it
curled I'm feeling pretty bummed right
now we're having lunch and I was
supposed to meet sandy and Courtney for
lunch today but the communication was
just off Sandy's at work and she
couldn't text us back and so anyways
long story short they're having lunch
without me because they ended up meeting
in a city that's farther away then I
feel like driving not feel like I mean I
feel like driving it but by the time I
get there they're gonna be practically
done eating so it's just like whatever
so we were gonna just have lunch here
the kids are gonna take a nap and then
we're gonna have a library time after
their nap are your princess and Pony
eating with you uh-huh
what are y'all eating chicken noodle
soup uh-huh we can't eat you water
because they know we have to pray oh do
you want to pray or me me okay kids I
know how to have them fair girl okay go
ahead kids yeah dear duh
thank you for these food and please help
hop and please bless this food to our
bodies mind thank you for this wonderful
daily Jesus name
oh thank you that was a great prayer
sweetie my presence and what help big
she is that's how tall she is wow that's
cool can you measure like my hand guys
like my manicure symphony gave me a
beautiful manicure today you measure my
hand okay I don't wanna make it be a fan
size you want it to stay on your
princess size oh I understand okay - I
get that since I'm not going out with my
girlfriend's I was gonna change my
outfit into something a little more
comfortable I don't like wearing scarves
around the house and I couldn't that
shirt on without the scarf but that's a
shirt that you wear spots with and it's
cute it's like a shirt that you wear
outside of the house Wow symphonie found
a note from her aunt in Florida in her
purse say we've never seen this note
before but her aunt I guess I guess this
I guess this purse came from Aunt Rachel
I for some reason I thought it came from
Nana there's other stuff in it did you
know that oh did you pack it up for the
library yeah oh that is so cute she left
you a note okay now that was cute
Symphony's standing here she's like
mommy there's a note I looked in your
and there was a little note she opens it
up she's like and then you guys see that
she's new who starts showing the horses
that was adorable oh my gosh so sweet
Rachel left a note in there for her you
do why because they're just so sweet
that one of the sweetest ever we are
here at our local library I'm getting
ready to set up my
super kids of the library so if you
haven't been following my series you
gotta go follow me on Instagram me a
girl nine oh my gosh did I walk April
into the car how'd that happen
I think Abram walked himself in what one
half of the car is locked in the other
half now he's about to start screaming
because when I walk away
oh good job stand by your circle says
isn't that good somebody always stands
right by her circle when we get out of
the car
no I can't snatch her so I'm on a
mission
this library trip I'm looking for Bob
books I read those in school when I was
a little girl everyone was always so
noisy in the library and on our way here
symphonies I guess it can't be too loud
mom it's the library you know all right
they're suited up Symphony come sit down
by every munch I'll get a book why don't
you pick a book to look at all right I'm
getting ready to do my super kids I've
shot look at your butt Abram I'm gonna
go ahead and take one but well there you
go hey way to go hey doing are you
sneaking up on people symphony
no Bob books Abram made a friend and
she's ten days older than him no he's 10
days older than her are you gonna read
to your friend oh so cute
I'm gonna share do you see a baby I can
be hit Abrams like where you going
Abrams already hugging her oh gentle
generally gotta give her her space bubby
oh he loves her oh my gosh y'all are so
cute is he peeing rough seas I don't
know about this I've got a little ladies
man I'm gonna weed through it and pick
up I think just wanted she would like
that one no no these are maybe Symphony
is there a ceiling over your head yes so
what does that mean yes that's right it
works see by mine she said it so good
for me I couldn't take it anymore how to
download the Taylor Swift album I got on
iTunes right now or listen to it we just
heard the song stay Symphony
even Abraham's damn it back there you'll
see a little faint little review on her
album it's not my favorite album by her
maybe it just has to grow on me I've
only heard each song once I haven't even
heard each song yet I'm on like song I
don't know like 8 or 9 but it's cool
though I mean it's really cool and
upbeat but I really like her lovey dovey
pop country music I'm not a big country
music fan I like some of it but I do
like Taylor Swift's pop country levy W
music so far of all the Taylor Swift
albums red is still my all-time favorite
but who knows this album will probably
grow on me hey guys you're in my
disorganized pantry with me right now I
am going to show you guys how to make
white chicken chili for the mom on the
go the reason I say for the moment ago
is because i am using canned veggies for
the most part instead of fresh and a lot
of times I use fresh and frozen instead
of canned I have been here lately
anyways I'm trying to get into the habit
of doing those kinds of things but there
are days where that just doesn't happen
sit back relax and learn how to cook a
simple meal for your family another
downfall to the new camera I can no
longer just cook and talk to you guys
regularly without my head being cut off
so I either scooch it way back and you
get like this big shot of our counter or
maybe I guess I could just sit it on
something realistic thing to do Nia
hello hi Rena normal height for you guys
now so here's the recipe check it out
okay so when it does come to like the
fresh veggies such as onions and stuff
like that when I know that I'm not gonna
have time each week our stock up on one
or two of these and it's just like a
little box of fresh onions that are
pre-cut they're no they're not at all
like unfresh I mean they were just fresh
in the deli they expire tomorrow so I
have to use them tonight and so I'm just
gonna use half of this front onions and
then I'll find a reason to use the other
half tomorrow and then the last thing
that makes this like easy for the moment
ago where it says to use three boneless
skinless chicken breasts I like to use
the Tyson's grilled and ready chicken
breast then basically
in the crock-pot turn your setting on
high and cook it for I'm gonna do one to
two hours on high boys guys I'm gonna
get started and I'll have Sam and
Symphony do a little review for you guys
as they're eating all over tonight
okay I've got my helper with me and
we're gonna start putting stuff and
we're starting with the beans ready
Symphony me okay help me dump it in nice
and colorful and all ready for our mixer
yep go ahead okay white chicken chili
for the mom on the go
for me it's two thumbs up but I don't
have one cuz I'm vlogging you got two
thumbs up too spicy tasty and just gets
me in the holiday spirit
really but how about the yeah I'd like
the quality of the soup is something
that could turn into a staple for in our
house one thing I do differently next
time is less onions and probably a
milder - okay let's see what symphony oh
yeah hey babe can you do a little review
on the soup what do you think about it
pretty spicy but good and I really
really love this the crackers sauce oh
joy so it doesn't take that yeah I mean
it does taste good but it's but it's so
spicy with the crackers and so so after
I eat it and I need some crackers from
here the flavor is good this is a
beautiful weather it was just like so
beautiful because it was raining and now
it's a very beautiful weather
Abraham's a fan he keeps begging for
nunna
I used this like three weeks ago but I'm
about to try using it again
dunt-da-daaaaa
free wish yes I want 15 minutes of mommy
time
right now alone in our room in our bed
snuggled up to I'm sorry that there's a
closet foolish why are you just doesn't
qualify that's multiple duties don't
keep on book is for one duty at a time
what's the understand the duty example
change one of kids diapers one of the
kids only one of our children wear
diapers freewinds bed or shoes
no no no no no no no those first things
don't count as free wishes that just
comes with being a dad that's a that's a
parental duty fine I actually already
use this yes these things in half
