hi everyone we are about to do the yoga
challenge we were challenged by a few of
y'all dynamic Kyle taggers and
Superchunk
so now we are about to complete the yoga
challenge and you guys are gonna come
along with us come on
hey guys we're getting ready to do our
couples yoga challenge we were
challenged by Dianna tile ADA before we
do the action of this shortcut and
before we get started we're just doing
some couple stretches okay now hands up
subscribe reach really reach for it hold
the mountain
what puffy again your transfer again yes
mom okay we can do this we can do it
yeah
you got it you got me now a confusing
good time you don't know how to been
like next we're going see you
I'm back
just one lifetime
okay okay now put the other leg up here
Oh Michael John it pull you up here we
go suppose you do that was not happening
to me changes I think I've got
double-dip pants and throw my bottom
actors all right well done was that what
we're going to try and just swears by
let's just call the Bullwinkle pose
alright guys thanks for watching our
yoga challenge we'll see you guys
tomorrow vlog we challenge its Judy's
life knife dolls BAM chick and s'mores
she movies yeah smoothies all right guys
go on fun links below
you
