Symphony's got a very important job to
do today what are you working on here
I'm from Spain awesome these are your
shirts everyone my brother you are my
sis
made by the same guy now by the same
we've got to live
we've got to give
where I won't
in this together Sophie and I are
coloring together before we do
schoolwork
mommy kellyday somebody got new crayons
as you saw yesterday and I love to color
especially with new crayons so I'm
getting kind of artsy over here on my
coloring page and so a symphony she's
always artsy though need black my mom
doesn't that look cute it's time to
change our sin sees ah smells so good
huh we're doing pumpkin spice is on
clearance for two dollars and fifty four
cents for this whole packet flowers you
are so good at mopping the floor babe
out here hanging out and slamming them
off and sweep the whole house if I can
wall have another set of eyes on the kid
my mop day was yesterday and I didn't
want anything so some work knocked out
today named George April I thought
you're going to help me mop Hey I
thought you're gonna help me mom
symphonies doing the bomb dance what is
it what is this call I missed it a row
here okay silly
Stephanie you go crazy right now
he's starting this new bouncy thing that
hit you what a murder take it serious so
quick Oh sleepy baby is it nap time what
are you doing in there what what is in
here somebody pleasure
lost treasure in there are you closing
her down you gotta let her out it's so
rainy today bail a favor mr. hungar
daddy
radio it was like ten times worse this
morning when I went to the post office
hi baby it's so fun having a little girl
in Bali I love it it's so cute old moms
carrying their daughters into ballet
with all these fluffy tutus hanging off
their sides I decided to run a couple
errands while Tiffany's in class because
I don't have a broom I think I'm gonna
grab my eyebrows waxed in a while and I
really want to do it but I just can't
find the time and I don't want to do it
when I go get my nails done because that
just takes forever and I don't have time
for that and so I think there's a salon
maybe just made my eyebrows look amazing
last minute she got me in she's my new a
bra lady we come during ballet what's
going on here he oh they are where your
fancy shoes taken you happy are they
important to moving important shoes
Manthey shoes nothing until they're
important a Kakadu
oh yeah these are all cool Dipak okay
hey everyone else to go to Teddy's
grandmas oh okay okay
what is Teddy call his grandma granny's
Grammy I'll be right there
Teddy I gotta go get grippies clothes
ready for work okay oh look you think me
Mommy
you're so cute come here okay thanks for
you get to my arms like this oh it's
just time to nurse me get him you help
me beat on my chest when he's ready to
nurse you know beaten like knock back
when it is yo you leave that little hand
fishing hey Abram where's your nose yeah
where's your teeth
wait show the viewers where's your teeth
good job look Oh baby would your box go
daddy taught every box today he's gonna
get it let's go let's go get your box
leave the way little puppy hey you
passed it who is in there last time
Abram the boxes over here meet me Abram
say bye bye
ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
I love the smell the house right now why
is that just like Christmastime so we're
cooking butter - I'm cooking barbecue
but just a weather viewers already know
the symphony and I put pumpkin spice in
our um Cinci today oh is that what it is
the pumpkins wood that's why did it is
like Christmas I'm so excited for
Thanksgiving and Christmas
in fact I ordered the family three
costumes - that needs going to order a
headband
I got a buddy costume hey I got you a
costume at work today
I chicken cast a turkey costume well I'm
gonna be turkeys for Thanksgiving we're
gonna run the turkey truck I'm gonna
push you guys all through Dallas so this
new vlog of ours has to downsize that
we've noticed so far the mics are right
on top of the camera so when I'm
wrapping my hands around the camera like
this my fingers are so long it covers up
the mics of the camera I'm having to
like consciously remember not to put my
fingers up there to hold just the edge
of the camera like this hey the other
downside do you noticed is it doesn't
focus very quickly on objects
it has face detection but when you turn
to an object it takes a long time for it
to recognize that's what we're trying to
focus on this no no that was fast
actually sometimes he just really wanted
to play in this rain I mommy's not
letting him
but she had her own little thing going
right there she had a little heart
magnet holding up for love and she was
really trying to get creative with the
symbols and the signs that she was using
illiterates guys thank you all for
coming along with us on this rainy yet
really busy day that we had we love you
and we will see you all in tomorrow's
log bye
no baby yeah sissy do it
