morning playtime here Sam just got back
from his first day of work
oh yeah wiggle now you found a way I'm
charging whoa whoa you had any more you
are my sister made by the same guy loved
by the same
not to live
got to give love
in this together
good morning few a how was being back at
work after we didn't have okay was it so
bad really I got some exciting news
yeah I hope next week off for various
reasons and then that week I did of that
week we're going to North Carolina and I
also have some other good news I'm off
on Christmas and Christmas Eve and a few
days before and after so we can go see
David I got a Florida and spent
Christmas with my brother who is in
Florida and his wife your new baby where
they have the baby mid-december I don't
know exactly
I'm have a baby yet but they're having
to see we're going to go over there and
have Christmas with them want to come
also I'm off on Thanksgiving so I get to
ruin a turkey trot well which I can't
wait I go they have dress their own
dress every of those turkeys I'm gonna
wear a big turkey daddy yeah yeah good
Doug our mommy your Tom no get on top of
the babies and to make you look like a
true ballerina can you point your toes
it's like a gymnast so cute I can't even
fly you're so brave Symphony you do not
open up my lotion without telling me
baby this is my lotion you used way too
much sweetheart are you really going to
use all that alright go ahead sweetie
can you say okay mom I love it I make
and we'll do that again tomorrow
baby wasteful let's rub it in real good
cream looks creamy creamy huh so we've
been watching J house vlogs for a little
while and we just really love them
they're so fun and funny and Symphony
and Elise their little girl is the same
age and so they're gonna meet here in
just a second okay how do I call though
I feel so silly I don't get how to cool
is that how I call Oh yep I did it I'm
calling oh they said she's not available
gonna have to send her a text and tell
her that so she's not available hey guys
can you all say hi to our viewers I
least he can yeah hey we finally
connected you didn't even so excited to
get to know me better
are you excited to who she wants to know
what kind of food you like hey can you
ask her what her favorite food is I had
a feeling this might happen she tends to
get really shy Oh like your favorite
princess I did yeah Elise was watching
your Halloween video do you remember my
symphony was for Halloween yeah Tiffany
with the spell drink are you for
Halloween uh-huh
are you about Lina yeah what's your
favorite part
that end because that because that bar
is that bow bow and and they like the
bow part I like when I'm done ballet I
like when I get this next when I'm done
doing down my gosh oh oh before Symphony
one like this nice I like what book are
you ready to learn how to read uh uh my
grandma gave me a book when when my when
my mama you know was how to one life
that was good but nah my mama my mama
learned it how to reach and I'm learning
how to read attack oh yeah something I
mean rikku mom that we're using with her
but then we also she likes the log books
the Matt and Sam have you guys seen
those we haven't but weird that's on our
list of things to do this week we're
gonna go to the library and check those
out
Glen make play-doh and make women big
with her can you ask us what about all
about you Ella clean oh oh you too
she chose me to she whispered hidden
that's awesome we like play-doh - that's
fun
have you guys ever seen ice makers homie
we do oh I've never done that I've
always wanted to but it sounds fun I
have it we made a video it's way way
back on how to make homemade playdough
what's your favorite color what's your
favorite movie frozen
oh I like frozen - in animal mechanicals
Thank You foot for letting us talk and
by ah
so good a few guys so that was fun
meeting another blogger family wasn't it
I love doing that I love meeting new
people there YouTube whether it be
viewers or other vloggers it's just it's
also wonderful and I just this is like a
new universe to us it's so cool it's
just like it's so exciting and
personable and it's just like you you
meet people that you know had you had me
not been vlogging we wouldn't even know
they exist yet we connect you all know
it's grocery day symphony what is
something we need from the grocery store
today we need crayons I feel like I've
got mad skills are now fishing a buggy
with both kids in and on the buggy and
I'm vlogging that's right and not
because I can't even turn very first
stop
is there candy here look at what your
hair gosh the wind is crazy
you're freaking me out looks like good
trigger trigger
oh this boy is walking so good now hi
Glenn no no honey what if we open for
the season right now yep let me know
what time you get you want me to time
you at all
I'm trying to run a quick mile shipping
has some new crayons check them out look
at all those crayons bonus more photos
into cartoon characters really that much
we repeated and he's come with color
laughs what do you think I'll show you
everything off the toy was over
then would you like to color Rafi the
viewer Lima watches me and Abram are
gonna color together hey looks like a
buddy I'll let him at page today I won't
marry laughs anyone a Cornish yeah if
this one's called C green I'd love to
look at the Crayola Crayons names
because as we've aged the names have
changed like that one I was just using
this color was not in the Crayola box
when we were kids right Sam
what shocking pink bat neon color pink
it's a cool name for that shocking pink
I got a shocking pink bean bag behind me
sorry about the video I just uploaded I
just uploaded the daily vlog for today
and I accidentally exported from
premiere just thirty seconds of the
video it took forever so it look like is
the whole thing is the first time that
it did click on it to make sure the
video before I uploaded it to YouTube
and this is what happens just when you
let your guard down let me tell you guys
a little bit about last night at work so
it's a very nice peaceful night quiet
no big emergencies coming in just we get
people straggling in here and there and
while we're all just kind of sitting
around boom to see pr's come in
back-to-back
we have one doctor at nighttime actually
one was in CPR they're doing
compressions they came after a patient
that had just come in that I received
and this guy he came in from a rehab
center and he came in and he was having
trouble breathing and bam we lost him oh
he tried so hard to get that guy back
but just for what happened anyway
hopefully we'll have a good night
tonight I'm hoping to make a difference
in some people's lives yesterday I was
really being conscious of caring for
people like I was caring for Jesus
that's what I was thinking about every
time I'm in the room when I start to get
like Arab or frustrated that somebody
keeps pushing the car light over and
over I think where if this person was
Jesus and that will continue to be my
challenge today so pray for me guys
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
wait maybe they don't look so cool
longer in real life daily really
flourishing viewers got bubbles
are you okay yes I would thank you
no hands perfed be brought over frisbees
and Oh tried to throw it here hold this
look at it for him again guard
ah I thought he put it G can you throw
the frisbee here throw it over here
throw it at me watch me pain you can't
say the F sound yeah there he goes good
kids are in bed and I thought I would
just update you guys on my 100 days of
keeping it real this is day 28 and
tonight
symphonie got in trouble for using 8
squirts of soap instead of one bad girl
what are we gonna do with her I told her
like four days ago that she needs to
start using one squirt of soap because
it's wasteful and we like the fact that
we can have pretty nice soap and we
don't want to waste it well so today I
went in the bathroom and she had like
two handfuls of soap and I was like how
many horses you she told me she had
eight so we had a pretty long talk and
some disciplining over that because not
only did she waste the soap but she
willfully disobeyed me I asked her
before she got in trouble and I said do
you know how many squirts you're
supposed to be using only one I said
well is that okay are you being obedient
or disobedient disobedient I just ask
the right questions to get her to
basically admit that she had disobeyed
me and that it required some
disciplining I ran into a friend today
and she was like you guys are so cute
you're the perfect family I can't wait
to be married someday and then I'm just
like my arm is falling asleep over there
that's why I do the 100 days of keeping
it real I want everyone to know that I'm
not just this happy-go-lucky person 24/7
I mean yes 24/7 I'm pretty happy but I
also have moments where I'm down where
I'm frustrated or overwhelmed and you
know I just want to keep it real you
know I don't know how many of you guys
follow baby League but their Twitter on
Halloween was like hey let's all dress
up like the perfect person your facebook
says you are and
yes exactly that's exactly why I'm doing
this 100 days of keeping it real because
our Facebook's all show this person that
we're not really living up to in real
life does that make sense I mean I'm not
saying that everyone goes around having
these fake appearances on Facebook or
anything like that I'm sure for the most
part we're all pretty genuine but we
leave out the stuff that's yucky the
stuff that's you know unappealing to
read or look at we leave out the messy
parts of our lives and let's just face
it I mean I know I have messes in my
life I mean come on look at my hair no
I'm just kidding I've got real genuine
messes in my life anyways guys I hope
you all have a fantastic day thank you
all for coming along with us today if
you are new to our Channel and you
haven't subscribed yet you should do
that we post daily vlogs every day at 5
p.m. - yesterday it was like a fluke we
had some issues going on but we
typically upload our videos every day at
5 p.m. and it's always a family vlog
occasionally we'll throw in a Q&A or
like a mommy tag that I get tagged in
but you know we just love sharing a life
with you guys and appreciate y'all
taking the time to watch what we do
anyways you'll have an awesome evening
and we will see you all on tomorrow's
vlog bye can can I just made the
thumbnail for our video the pregnancy
results are in video I have my hair so
nappy looking today you have oily hair
when you're pregnant - I'm really
feeling like that was a false negative
but I'm gonna wait a little while before
I take another test I just have so many
weird symptoms that keep popping up
maybe I'm being paranoid who knows but I
am extremely late
