my sister made by the same guy loved by
the same heart
we've got
love
give love
well
and this together are you guys are
taking daylight savings day we all got a
little bit more rest last night and
we've been getting and I think everyone
seems to be in a pre mood today church
getting ready for church was pretty
smooth I'm in the middle of putting my
makeup on no quite done yet but I
thought I'd tell you guys about my
mascara I just switched my scares first
time in like ten years I've been using
the yellow colossal volume expressed by
Maybelline and I recently switched to
the blue tube which is rocket volume
Express also about me please it's just I
don't know what I like better about it
they both make my lashes are really cool
and long but this one does it with less
clumps and less coats of mascara how
little bubs me and bubs match today look
named bubs match died I got you guys
ready for church jacket some pretty
chunk on that huh did what
did they draw all is it beautiful some
donut right Jesus
I stand
to usury
you know I am
is your
this is what keeps Abram happy after
church you go straight to the rocks
straight to the pebbles look too happy
but one in the sleigh sure making money
come on so nosy turn into our Sunday
profile waitress you take the vlog man
oh please introduce yourself with your
net Tracy Aldridge Tracy over here
and what do you do here at this church
as little as possible
yeah uh teach kids own uh pretty
infrequently every other week okay and
the what age group isn't that's like at
all right no older yes either that's
right yeah five to four fifth grade okay
I believe I don't know he's manager this
is he's brother cousin cousin
I know younger younger cousin every
cousin you can tell yes sir any kid you
got bro nice work kid that's awesome we
thought we had number three yesterday
took a pregnancy test
it was a negative that what your play
that we ran for another no meat he's the
he's the church comedians church
comedian right yes sir I don't bro
what's in the backpack screaming why do
we're back back to church Medicare no
Muslim that's one big Bible you got
there get out of you
city guitar stuff gun you got a gun in
there for real
show me from Long Island this whole area
is pecan island so this is pecan island
that Tiffany found because of a con
right here see here
you gotta click someone else not this
time what'd you guys find
add the file what do you call that right
there lean down okay well they make a
house with dirt I never know what to
call these consider Texas that everybody
calls him differently seems like ant
hill ant bed ant pile ant house what do
you guys call ant dirt creations I was
just calling my aunt house like she does
but racing line since I've been in Texas
I started calling ant piles but I think
I hear mostly in Texas ant beds wonder
what Nia calls a month to ask her to do
a little different today that's a great
angel a really active member in our
church she got up there today
and she reminded us of all the
persecution she read headlines from the
website and replaced the names that they
had with names of people our church to
let us kind of feel like would it be
what it would be like if our church was
in these countries under the severe and
cruel persecution that these Christians
are what are you doing I just made the
thumbnail for our video the pregnancy
results are in video I'll just crack it
up Oh cures how many you guys are going
to make mad I'm really sorry if we took
some of you guys off of that thumbnail I
just had it do it because at the end I
joked around with all the fake mark that
I put on there so I just want to
apologize to you guys right now and if I
got you yeah that's pretty funny dude go
handsome you are today buddy
look at that cheesy smile sit cheesie's
mouth oh you want one you can try one
yeah ah yeah they're pretty small for a
little baby coping can you handle that
little thing no said no I can't do it
dad
no I can't have a fork what a mommy
leave a fork right there mama that
wasn't very smart should at least told
me unbelievable honey why would you do
that that why would you do it just
answer the question why would you do it
cuz I sing yeah
that's why you put your son in danger
can how do I put him in danger because
he had the pork yeah you were in the
kitchen with him sandy and I decided to
take a little random trip to tanker and
I didn't know this but it's maurices
grand reopening so they have a new store
and we're gonna go visit it and it looks
so pretty from the outside see the new
sign and it's huge oh my gosh we used to
be in this tiny little space and now
it's huge
every time I look at the picture of you
and your Marie sister it makes me feel
happy
oh thank you yeah cause it's new oh they
have an orange table this is so pretty
wow wow wow wow oh my gosh I'm so
jealous that I'm not gonna get to work
in here me you like looking at the
window over here hi sweetie come this
way
this is service right here you guys are
get all set up they're taking care of my
kids look at this cute groom love it
leave it
retching you bet I can't wait like
purple which one look at this cute
little bitch I love it my pink
oh thanks Victoria yeah I said when he
grows up he'll get his own house yeah
when he grows up what about when you
find a husband Yoko to live in a new
house with your husband you don't have
we'll explain it to you when you deal
with over we're just sitting there
talking about leadership in the home and
I was tired of sitting that I'll always
be the leader of this home and Tiffany
said what one day I'll be the leader I
said yes but not of this home maybe in
your own home and she said when everyone
grows up is he going to be a leader I
said yes of his own home method but not
this home and that's when she started
crying she isn't able to go you were so
precious affairs that's what I'm talking
about when I told you guys I love how
she just treasures our family so much
she's just so emotional about it well
it's time for me to go to work guys I've
been in scrubs in a week and a half
can you believe that honey we're still
with the same in my scrubs
the cute a jacket to go with it though
yeah true mm-hmm now it's cold it wasn't
any cold last time I went to work I
gotta get back in the groove of working
again I'm an ER nurse for all you new
comers you can tell me uh my birthday
was last week and I requested it off and
I was supposed to work another day
instead of that day anyway there's some
miscommunication between me and the
director so I ended up having the whole
week off I really didn't problem with it
at all
is very nice I wish I could have every
week off hey what are you doing dude I'm
gonna miss you guys
bye Abram bye Stephanie
Tiffany bye oh I'm gonna miss you
tonight and tomorrow all right guys bye
it's really good hanging on with you
like all the time this week but don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other hate goodbyes hey guys the
new angle right my kids are taking a
bath over here and you guys are sitting
on our toy chest that's normally a
living room right there so I just
thought that while I was sitting here I
would show you guys the hole I got from
Carter's today while sanding our out of
taker I had a 25% off coupon for $40 or
more than you spend well first thing on
the list I got this adorable little
bodysuit it's great and it's pleased and
that print is ads tick you guys see that
got a three pack of socks for Abram for
$2.99 which after my coupon they ended
up being like a dollar 50 cents
cause he's adorable corduroy skinny
jeans for Symphony house pink and cute
are these they have an elastic waist in
which is the best your toddler knows for
me yes Hey Dude get those beers I could
go with it you love red she loves me
guys
so go with it I got this cute little
peplum top and it's long sleeves the
print on it our little elk last thing on
the list
is this cute little holiday shirt I got
for symphony and it yep I did it says I
share my Sparkle with the world and this
shirt is perfect for symphony we have
been saying that she was a tiny little
baby that she just has a little light to
shine for everyone she meets guess how
much I spent guys $33 what can you
believe in it if I had not had a coupon
I would have ended up spending $71 and I
have this coupon I got this up on
clearance and I made out like a bandit
I know how to shop what can I say good
night Abram can I get some all right
just what book are we reading tonight
birth scene there can you show the
viewers in case they're wondering you
got me you got me this book right dude
now the viewers did oh that's right it's
called faithful cubs we like this book a
lot hey ba ba ba ba ba bi oh good night
can you blow us a kiss
can you blow us a kiss is that blow a
kiss Mac hey hey where's your feet thank
you Beth thank you so much for all the
encouraging comments about the negative
pregnancy test we really appreciate you
guys just how you're always there for us
I mean it's kind of like just having a
big group of friends that we never knew
we had until we started vlogging so just
thank you guys for being there for us
and just being a part of everything
that's going on in our lives we love you
and we'll see you all tomorrow bye
yup your head don't be
long sigh
and
