like it sure touches if it feels like it
again it feel like it does it taste like
it like it it taste it taste it
okay it does it taste like it
what about smell the smell of does it
smell like it does it look like it me me
are you sure so you don't think since
pregnant
yeah you do think she is you think she's
gonna pregnant mean she's gonna have a
baby
thank you you don't think she's pregnant
do you think there's a baby in my
telling me to just gonna drink tea mhm
Oh Coco and I even put marshmallow there
sis
made by the same guy loved by the same
Oh
and this together who cleaned your face
off my pillow your pillow cleaner yeah
that was nice of your pillow to do
oh good morning guys hey dog knee and I
slept on a pallet last night as you can
see in the craft room my mom stole her
bed from us last night
we gave it up to get it up to why does
she stay the night
she had to get her car detailed instead
oh did you eat all your kid you already
know I guess that little bit jeez it
last night where you're sleeping good
agile even McMahon oh that's right she's
up in our bed with Nana how was that
banana snore hey did she go not at all
Cassandra it's like a secret land to
them and now we're kid 3 yeah we get to
really smuggle oh that's how we get rid
of kids we just send them to engineering
take a little break a hot through I
don't know how do I catch a break around
here sometimes
oh my gosh you're so full of it this guy
slept all day but the question that's on
everybody's mind is when you go take
that pregnancy test
oh I guess the next time I have to go
pee I'll take it well no I don't want to
do it like that like I wanted to do it
and take it when Sam didn't know I was
taking it and did like set up something
cute you know like on full house she had
like Jamie oh I seen you take one before
I I just feel mistake what you wanna see
it happen
why get the way no man
glass how long you have to wait like 15
seconds like a minute I don't know kids
more that really does hurt
that really hurts that hurts me when you
put your knees into me like that
you hurt my pubic symphysis do during
alright fails hey that's the trophy yeah
I have another job that's the dope
deodorant I have another donut holes
woman ID you have to get do you want to
get some go to tinker and look at night
and get some ready oh no wait I was
painting a pig no a rooster you a mover
like someone who moves things I know I
know
Mack a cow daddy's turn alright I got it
right though
what am I simply
no expert month squirrel yep simply got
it ya know again I got one what about
this one Allentown wash lamb not lamb
go to-- oh no cow you just follow me
around everywhere goat cow and goat cow
that's hinders thing go something I can
a lizard yeah I know I know what giraffe
that's your graphics impression mm-hmm
that's cute all right I'm gonna go now
you never let me go about horse clashers
yep a horse rooster duh copycat give me
a turn the cows either you were in the
game okay mines gonna be sippin mother's
going high airplane yes that is an
airplane consumer and their pencils down
single looking done okay I hop on this
one so normally get it do I hear your
shirts guys check it out came in I told
you all on Facebook yesterday they were
here sorry it took so long it's just we
wanted to be able to charge you guys
less than what we needed to
do that we had to save up until we got
like a big bulk order then once we got
the big bulk order the company that I
ended up going with was not the fastest
they had to like they said be like well
the cheaters ah that's true too we
didn't make any profit off this day yeah
we did in go ahead and get the car it's
already there yeah it's all done I'm
really scared to see he's gonna cost for
73 plus tax hopefully be cheaper this he
said that's for both tie rods hopefully
just one broke I'm all alone in our
brand new car a couple hours Nia and I
will see if our lives will be turned
around or if it will stay the same Jamie
kind of scared me when he said having a
third child is the biggest jump he said
it's not a big jump up in three four or
four to five it's from two to three all
right who says it's gonna be negative
hey you do you think it's gonna be
negative I do too I think it's gonna be
negative what do you think always be
positive but knows I don't know I
usually have a good intuition like I
knew I just knew something is awful
Symphony now Abram what do you think
little buddy you drinking hot poker he's
having some tea no Mira symphonies
risotto nice warm hot cocoa Susie said
Sydney so you don't think mommy's
pregnant
I'm nervous since me I'm really nervous
cuz mommy thinks she's pregnant and
while I've been hoping for a baby for
the past several months just not so sure
anymore
just came
Oh kiddo I'm kidding I totally want a
baby I think I just it happened on a day
where just come on yeah can I have
seconds please ah got beautiful room is
right now gonna look beautiful here
it's so colorful this so fun
looks like a big simply hold the
absorbent tip in a hearing shoot for
five seconds your result so we confirmed
in just two minutes you dip it you just
be on it just pee on top of it so what
was it what does it have to read her to
be so what's the read look like it it's
positive two blue lines that means it's
a boy this is Kitty right are you guys
serious mmm-hmm how do you know it's a
girl we don't know I'm gonna throw up
oh okay I just did I'm setting a timer
right now so it is school more 9:05 no I
don't want to watch it so at 9:07 p.m.
we're gonna go in there together gonna
have the results oh you just wait out
here you want to go Sam wants to go
watch it and I don't want to go watch it
I do
ah for watch it
I do want another baby but I mean Abram
is just so so little and so needy for me
okay line number one has made its
appearance it's probably been one minute
I think it's gonna be negative
yeah the second again oh I feel like
part of my nausea did that has been the
suspense of waiting okay guys what's the
second one since the piano where well it
has a four that with Abraham when I took
the pregnancy test at first there was
nothing and then I came back to it later
and there was a line like 30 minutes
later there was the second line I was
like what so am i pregnant or not I took
another one and I was pregnant
it's like nothing oh poor baby free for
a while while I was nursing a room
asleep tonight I was like oh my gosh
maybe I just need a good night's sleep
guys I don't know y'all know I haven't
been sleeping like oh my prayer go
all right like oh my prank oh uh see
we're kind of wearing matching shirts
nope Rico babe look at the oppression
yeah we're not gonna baby yeah yay yay
for now you guys like my makeshift
closet back here
they made me this closet it were
actually in my bathroom right now and he
made a closet for me oh just gonna
double check one more time yep not
pregnant huh feel like I want to go tell
Symphony I want to see what her reaction
is Symphony I just wanted to tell you
that Mommy is not gonna have another
baby yet there's no baby in my tummy
right now I just checked I take a test
you can pee pee and take a test just
wanted to let you know who are you
playing why do you have a bandaid on
your arm yeah lay down else√≠s yeah
someone go to bed no we're playing okay
yeah okay are you excited you happy I
came in and told you a little bit
disappointed not gonna lie just a little
bit but we live on God's time so when
he's ready first to have another baby
we'll have another baby and just to be
clear we're not trying to have another
baby right now it was just a little
scare because Nia was having those
symptoms are you a little bit
disappointed at all this is Mitch yeah
I'm a snitch disappointed I'm a little
confused why I'm having these like
feelings and stuff like that and I don't
know I just like huh so maybe it's just
that time of the month that it's taking
its sweet time to get here but yeah this
a little a little disappointed a little
confused right overall relieved I feel
relieved
I feel overall relieved because I'm not
ready I don't feel ready yet go confirm
listen up pregnant just look at it one
more time I'm journey already big butt
we'll see you tomorrow don't forget we
love you including the baby deep deep
inside Ania that has not been conceived
yet
kiss ha ha don't forget we love you
remember to love each other
Turo I really know this trick
what is this so I gonna get the line
straighter colorful I got some nail
polish made a little light on it oh my
gosh it's a fad he walked in here all
giddy like my hands nothing makes him
stupid tokens I've been watching Gilmore
Girls for like two hours won't make
wreaths hey like you smelling me first
oh you got I just kind of do without
laughing wanna be late honey is this hey
so bad I joke duh laughing
