got to give
in this together okay God Abrams cup
we're heading the Hobby Lobby and to
discipleship how are you guys doing
today
you guys got to see Abraham's cute
little outfit it is really cold outside
today for the first time this year like
I'm actually wearing layers I've got a
scarf long sleeves boots and leggings
here but check out this cool little dude
in his little jacket so cute you'll have
to excuse the fact that he's wearing
like sweatpants with his cute outfit but
none of his jeans fit him right now he
has like one pair that fit and they're
dirty I needed to clean them so and then
like I like to save stuff I got for
church and we're just going to Hobby
Lobby and discipleship and so there's a
better view of his outfit look at that
cute little guy peekaboo say hi to the
viewers he looks like a little jock it's
so man they're our salvar Abram is
totally not like sporty jock some are
like stared for dude but today yellow
jackets okay this is my short little
trip Tommy la vie who knows that's like
nothing I always get like a basket full
and more symphony what did you get a
trap of a sunflower Oh usually when
she's obedient I let her pick out a
crack and today all their fall crops
were 50% off so no no not it's like a
dollar
I saw something really cool over here on
debating game it's a whole reason I put
the vlogger check out these wooden
spoons how cool is that I mean seriously
it's just like totally add some smash to
your kitchens fast jazz and it means
fast
know what I mean Huff would love that
you're right
that is so funny Symphony just picked
out something that cuff would like and I
was totally just thinking I should get
these for seeing me there even though
Sam please give her two I could just so
see sandy liking these in the kitchen
Wow a purple glue gun that is amazing
then knit cute look at this rat's nest
in there I seriously need a shower
tearing around the Tingler for this
guy's hair I'm going to I'm gonna get a
little thing of travel the tangler and
just carry it on because when he gets in
his person it but there's a rat's nest
every day when we're done and when we
get him out of the car she is crazy okay
hey you chillin ahh
where's your nose I'm at my discipleship
meeting with Esther hi Esther Abram just
took like three steps in a row would you
say three or four I have four steps I
mean he went like Caesar his like
tonight dude hmm dude will you do it
again he's like no mom you know the
camera zone of course I won't get ready
come here he's feeling really padded
with his socks he's so lazy ah Abram I
cannot believe it
he's been teasing us all day that we've
been sitting here he's been like up and
down up and down and then all of a
sudden for a little bitty half-steps
right in front of us and I missed it I
had my camera sitting right next to me
dang it you did you are you gonna do it
Abram you stayin nap oops
hey guys that happen hi
in the last week or so hi MA in the last
couple of weeks that I have been talking
back and forth with Heidi from while
they were napping she does a family vlog
she's got two little boys and a
brand-new precious little baby girl
named Quinn and I think she's getting
ready to face Tommy Abram amending my
phone I think she's getting ready to
face time here I'm so space/time her I
need to check but Abram is being a
little phone snatcher but there she is
here comes Heidi you tell the viewers
where your poor nose is where's your
poor little nose thank you boo they
don't know oh man we got to put this man
to bed let's see what Sam's up to okay
Sam is watching Stuart edge Stuart edge
personality my personality do that hey
guys how you doing we just announced
that we're going to QA for the end of
today's vlog because we're gonna do much
of the vlog today especially me you did
something but I pretty much slept all
day so we took some questions from you
guys on our Twitter if you guys aren't
following us on Twitter go check us out
over there
how do we get started already okay don't
you guys like his new shaved face mmm
looks great I love it when Sam I
feel a little bit naked but I do like it
better than the beard now I'm starting
to look a little bit almost Kiki Cooper
salmon ear are you going to have any
more children yes we are any I think we
should tell them you think we should
tell them yes guys come here every so
month I just got him last night I was
sitting you're talking and weird
oh whatever so that's sort of it anyway
yes so without more kids we definitely
have more next question comes from what
does this thing
it's from hitman bet cemani what's your
favorite things you see sitting in a
broom
you that you've picked up over the years
over the years what I like about
symphonies are facial expressions that's
probably one of my favorite things about
her and I love how she's just so she's
just so in love with her family when the
family comes together at the table if
one if I'm missing or needs mystery like
mommy come on we got we have to eat at
the table yes she just loves the family
unit it's just so precious
right I've one thing I noticed about
symphony is that she's really picked up
on how I adore Sam I'm like she'll like
if Sam's getting ready for that age like
Oh daddy you look so cute
daddy that looks really cute on you
really cute and then Abram he's just
such a show-off for Sam like if he's
doing something really cool he'll always
turn about yeah yeah like make sure Sam
can like see what he's doing
and trying to get his attorney okay the
next question comes from James chick
they're also family bloggers he wants to
know what kind of camera gear does Sam
prefer lenses Canon vs. Nikon etc
YouTube goals do you guys do collabs I
shoot with Canon lenses I prefer I like
to 70 to 200 which I own the second
model
I love the 50 millimeter that's probably
one of my favorite lenses of the 50 and
I like that wide-angle lens which I use
a lot especially on my explorations with
Symphony our next question comes from
Kayla cemani of what difficulties do you
face trying to keep yourselves and your
family involved with God PS I love you
guys recently I think one of the
difficulties we've been trying to
overcome is all this attention we're
getting on YouTube and not letting it
affect our relationship with God and not
spending too much time on there focusing
on you know the questions or the
comments and just all the attention that
we get from all of you guys and focusing
more on her Bible and what God wants for
us that's kind of a challenge I've been
faced with here recently what about you
I think just finding time I struggle you
know as a busy mom and wife I struggle
with finding time just like sit down and
read the Bible or you know
devotional so that's my biggest thing
okay the next question comes from : Sam
and Nia is Nia a family name or short
for something else
it is short for Nichelle oh there's a
name yes it's French name yeah yeah it's
not a family name no this question comes
from Joanne dick sure Wow how often do
you have verbal fight how often do you
solve them or how do you solve him you
seem so happy I'm here too it can't be
all that happy reading okay because you
say it can't be all that happy and I'm
good I think we probably have fights
about twice a week like big not big
fights but like a fight that we like
consciously you have to resolve before
we go to sleep and then we have you know
little spats here and there but yeah of
course we argue and it is all that happy
we're extremely happy with our family
with each other so thanks for noticing
next question comes from none other than
the Tim Schmoyer what motivates you to
be a better dad and mom and husband and
wife oh my gosh okay well I think I have
a good answer for you if I go I think
the biggest motivator and I think I
speak for me and Sam is just the history
within our families just you know
looking at like our parents grandparents
and we just we want to change that
course for our family yep that's exactly
what it is for me too
next question comes from Becca hey Becca
okay Sam and Nia
acronym because you didn't hear that
word would you choose for each other's
name oh my gosh I feel like I have been
practicing for this all through high
school I used to like write acronyms for
Sam's name and all of his notes and
Archy just have it ready this is what I
always used to do but I guess I I could
change it oh it means what what words
would I say
four letters of her name yeah do you
want to know what my go-to one always
was in high school for his notes you
remember all of them yes I remember but
it's just Sam I didn't do Samuel but I
have I could keep it going
sexy adorable man Sam that was always
whatever record so catchy
right I'm so true what about the UEL
ewbal I gotta think about it
unbelievable Hey
elegant laughable yeah I'd say nice
she's very nice
come on guys you got a minute he is nice
thank you
I she's um illiterate anyway I would be
in an insatiable
she's very hard to please very
incredible okay the next one comes from
Elizabeth Kui Stroh what is your
favorite part about this new life of
vlogging simple meeting new people yes
okay last question I know you guys but
this all has to comes to an end
eventually
comes from Melanie at love being vegan
Mia do you have any siblings we hear a
lot about Sam's side and I was wondering
how big of a family you have no I don't
have any siblings I'm an only child and
so I gained a whole bunch of siblings
for Sam's family and basically what you
guys see on the vlog is what you get
well thanks for come along with us for
this short Q&A or maybe it's gonna be
long who knows I think it'll be super
cut this up pretty good cuz we did a lot
of silliness mm-hmm
anyway guys don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
shouter
