to live
in this together you made your bed haha
you made it all by yourself
the first time I think you did a good
job
looks very cosy looks galoot look oh you
did good baby
can I get in it's like a nap daddy are
you sure you don't want to go to the
Arboretum I do want to go to the
Arboretum but I want a nap - welcome to
the Dallas Arboretum where all your
botanical dreams come true this is like
the hot spot for Dallas photographers a
lot of brides come here to get their
bridles done I've done several bridal
shoes here I think I've even done a
senior shoe here they also do a lot
engagements and stuff they also do
weddings I've never done a wedding here
there's so many there's a lot of flowers
hello we got three kids and one adult
garden etiquette to protect plant
collections active sports and games are
not prohibited huh what's going on
behind me I really don't appreciate this
these little kids are playing ball out
here active sports are not prohibited
kids I'm sorry
sorry guys such a troublemaker
I
let's pass there's a photographer oh wow
that's a pretty camera I took a picture
right here the bride one time as a
really pretty portrait actually I had
the bride sent right there and the Sun
was coming through these trees as a
really cool shot remember that you were
here for would you cars going the lily
pads okay awesome
so this is the place that come also if
you're a beginner photographer because
flowers are the thing to photograph
right if you're the beginning
photographer that's what I start off
with flowers that's what everybody
starts with right I think so yeah I was
really into photographing flowers we
at a certain point here photography
hobby you eventually move out of flowers
and then you move into portraits I think
this will come next
probably children portraits there's like
websites who sell pictures and they like
ban all flower photos who's that crazy
that's how many flower photos there are
like stock images I think they don't
allow any entries for flower pictures
anymore
just because there's just so many of
them there's an endless amount of flower
pictures it's really hard to get a
unique shot at flowers just because
that's all been done before
Stephanie guess what we're going next
the pumpkin village excited dinner at
the pumpkin villages they have houses
built of pumpkins oh and they have like
oh she did I'm sorry I'm just reminding
you
jeez did you see him say cheese and he
pulled out teeth
Abraham you saw a little step thinking
about taking pictures of flowers
everybody wants to flower with a bee on
it
naturally because we like pictures with
life of course flowers live but always
pictures look better when there's a
touch of life in them like when I'm
doing pictures of the wedding dress or
the Rings I like to get a touch of life
within those photos like if I have the
the wedding dress on our door I like to
have the bride maybe in the background
putting on lipstick we're putting a
necklace on or something like that so
remember that guys when you're taking a
picture of something inanimate it's
always more interesting when there's
life within the photo I don't think
that's true these are for looks maybe
yeah it's for everybody to enjoy
I'm pumpkins so fun to look at I love
looking at pumpkins and autumn he wants
to be with those little boy
it'll fit it'll fit come on yeah
yay did it need a good job Nia is
working on composing her superhero shot
for superheroes here's what's called
superheroes off there's super kiddo
Esper symphony and he's gonna jump
Wow Tiffany how many pumpkins do you
think are out here I told you once
before 50 yep how many flowers 150,000
if you look to your left you'll see a
variety of pumpkins here we got the
crystal star pumpkins right here the
white variety is called a crystal star
we have the speckled pound which is
right down here
there's the marina de ochite algae bloom
squash right here guys kind of
interesting right there's the Cinderella
pumpkin why is that called Cinderella
Nia here's a red warty Hubbard pumpkin
you like these that's your type of
pumpkin right there warty
if you got those cheddar pumpkins are
kind of soft looking these cheddar
pumpkins
cheddar maybe when you like shave them
it turns into cheddar cheese who knows I
don't know tiger-striped pumpkin
stuffing normal millionaire pumpkin
looks like a gold coin
I finally got my family photo she really
wants to go see this house we've been in
all these little houses over here this
is my favorite house behind me it's like
a little shot of me in the house that's
my favorite one it's just so cute it's
very artsy looking on the different
pumpkin boo scary in here it's scary huh
very scary I updated my hundred days of
keeping it real today in the car on
Facebook and so I'm on day 25 I'm Way
behind but I've been getting some
feedback from some of the viewers that
they miss hearing what my keeping it
real for the day was or you noticed that
they really like how we're incorporating
it how we're and just that they really
like they were incorporating that to our
channel so 100 days of keeping a real
day number 25 was Abram is just teething
horribly right now I mean he has this
huge knot on his gums it's like blue and
black and I was so worried about I
looked it up they say it's normal like a
bump I read about it online it said they
said it's completely normal that the
tooth is just emerging so fast that it
caused blood vessels to break which is
what we guessed but still I wasn't sure
if maybe he bit down on something he
wasn't supposed to and caused an
infection and I didn't know but anyway
so he's just like basically at home
wanting to go today my 100 days of
keeping her real was just you know just
getting out of the house you know
finding something for us to do Tainter
you know to keep Abraham busy and to
kind of cheer both of us up from this
little funk that he's in with his teeth
and so we decided to go to the Arboretum
smell it smell it smell it did you smell
it
so good hey smart come on
hey symphony what was your favorite part
about the Arboretum my favorite part was
getting the tourists daddy that was your
favorite part but what do you think of
all those pumpkins there's 50,000 of
them that was crazy
would you think of the pumpkin village
village awesome but it wasn't your
favorite part it was my favorite part
I had to favor Oh to parents okay so
what did daddy get you a twisty ladybug
that the camera isn't smart
Tiffany right here
we got something to mail we'd like to
share with you guys look at you guys
know what that is do you use a box what
is it what is it okay we have a feeling
that's all I grab the camera ready ready
thank you everybody thank you guys thank
you everyone for subscribing to our
channel watching everything said thank
you for krabi thank you for subscribing
