hi I was wondering if you can add a
locksmith that could come out and make a
couple of new keys for me it's for a
home and also vehicle yes I did it again
I lost another set of keys that's the
second set of like main keys and then
we're also missing one of our spare keys
and I'm just like oh my gosh what is
wrong with me I'm losing my mind
made by the same guy loved by the same
art with
to give
and this together I searched for those
keys up and down left and right top to
bottom I tore things out put things back
and I could not find the keys and you
know where they were at they were in a
spot that I looked last night but it was
dark I went outside and I looked along
our stepping stones on the way to his
car to see if I had dropped him and my
hands were full and stuff they weren't
there I didn't see them and I was like
oh my gosh I'm so stressed out and then
I went outside this morning and there
they were just laying in the grass good
morning how are you
what good job baby
look at the numbers mommy drew and I'll
be right there so we're going to a
Dallas Cowboys football game with some
viewers that we met on YouTube and we're
doing that tonight as part of Sam's
birthday festivities and so that's why
I'm gonna be looking like this all day
because I'm not gonna get all ready
until you know tonight
remember
your baby symphony you came in here
because you're playing doctor we're dead
he went back to they just love a toy
chest in the living room because when
you first walk into a house it looks
like oh that's a cute little furniture
piece and then you open it up and it's
like BAM awesome entertainment for the
kids
I love having this toy chest I got it at
Ross for like 50 bucks here just doors
away so many toys and it just makes it
easy for cleanup and more organization
in the house what do you think of the
toy chests Abram you like it my my heart
just skipped a beat I seriously thought
Abram was just going to walk to me I
don't know what that was but it looked
like he tripped on Sam's shoe I don't
even know if you guys got the full view
because I look down so quickly what just
happened Stephanie what do young people
are gonna do our away
you're gonna do a craft i honey going
nap and time you had it going napped in
time you're gonna finish it now thank
you
yeah sure ended yes not you know
what i thing it oh my whoa like the
other one yeah we'll what are they
eating over here I just took back my
shoes that we bought yesterday they
weren't really running shoes like I
thought they told me their running shoes
but they're really just training shoes
and I really want shoes made for running
and that ended up not really liking the
style very much but we're here at Sports
Authority again and we're gonna pick out
cowboys jerseys we're gonna get in the
mode makes Oh Dora I love you all in a
time you know so suddenly um let's get a
cheap warm what that one right there
guys the obvious one they have 30 bucks
I told you let's go to Walmart I'm
telling Sam I've always wanted a North
Face jacket but I've never wanted to
spend that money on me but I've never
wanted some that money on myself and so
I'm telling him now showing him how
cuddly I look in it
in case he ever doesn't know what to get
me okay so counter shirts on cowboy
nation I don't even know if that means I
just know it's a hashtag on it
and Facebook so we're headed to the Omni
we're meeting the Fairbanks family I
should have the family meeting Jamie and
Yolanda at their hotel we're gonna drive
to the game together and poor Sam over
here he just get had to wing it to the
hotel for a little bit cuz I was on the
phone with Chantal it's okay babe do
they like my shirt do you guys like Sam
shirt this is the one he decided to go
with the Fairbanks now hey guys we're
just talking about all his kids
you guys saw him and are in my birthday
video they were like the third family
who popped up right here we're like a
second
but they're kids saying that birthday
song keep them that they saw something
run away or well we didn't even know
what we were like let's do something
cool for Sam's birthday oh really
Miranda stepped up she's like I got it
she's like let's do this so the
Fairbanks flew out all the way from
Illinois just to see us
not really and the ball game and the
ball game and the ball game and it did
some some ziplining he does a blinding
we did in that vlog was it what was it
called adventures in ziplining okay
adventures in zipline is what it was
called they just went and watched as to
what we did compared to what they were
able to handle I can I believe you did
the black Nia I watched it and it was I
was so scared up there I was dying I was
so scared Yolanda was totally fine on it
and we weren't sure it was the same one
that you guys had done but I was so
scared up there and I can't believe I
just watched it again today before we
met you guys you did the black I cannot
believe you did the boy no I made it too
long yeah we did the blue she would have
done the black she was calling me a
chicken so you sit down every night
watching like we'll take all the family
that we do we do it's a family event you
know the boys love it they'll be like
okay so get this a Carson Mike my second
youngest was four years old the other
day he says feel andhe they're driving
on the way to the library and she's like
that's Sam and Nia's car Bruce Champaign
Illinois because you know they know I
have no idea how he even knows I don't
know what car you have it
he asked me he got home from school and
he says ya Sam and me aren't real are
they and I'm like what do you mean
they're not real he's like well they're
on TV so they're not real right kickoff
is going on as we speak he wants to be
blogging when he takes the picture
actually have a special vlogging muscle
right here in the forearm we're on our
way to the stadium and a couple ladies
stopped us said you guys can't go on
with their purses and who has purses
Jamie does Jamie brought it back of
course y'all know Lana's carrying it for
him well maybe next time okay tell us
about this game game he said it's a
really big game everybody wants to be
here yes this is the hottest ticket in
town this is the place to be you gotta
be at this game cemani or the Cowboys in
Redskin right so the Cowboys have won
six games in a row so far they've lost
and people are some people are thinking
maybe they're coming into this probably
to confidently they think we're going to
lose their 10th my favorites ten point
favorites over the Reds here so it's
pretty much just about a done deal that
the Cowboys are
this is it guys this is the Cowboy
Stadium the biggest football stadium in
the entire world or at least the United
States you know I'm starting quarterback
for the Redskins yes boy he went to the
University of Texas I was going to say
that oh really
yes it's like a big deal so he went to
Texas the game went really good Cowboys
won of course putting do any vlogging
inside but it was really fun it's only
20 minutes from here everybody thought
the other person grabbed the tickets and
nothing locked up in the trunk of the
car again we made it in there it is the
18t Stadium of Dallas Texas
beautiful I don't think I've ever been
here you guys excited back there
Mantor sake
really good
Thank You mr. reason too
the Washington is now winning ten to
seven
no idea was first down at the first down
so Ken are describe that you know you
got four plays
there was second gentleman
that's cool air
this second spoiling overtime
that means we gotta stay forever
now batter's about to die really anxious
our Jamie okay you can't even handle it
and the bread
and Washington norms appeal
the winner
those Nia right there though they are
Fairbanks this is the reflective I
pretty cool
I'm always on the winning side sorry
guys
oh wait not sure Washington well our
days over we'll back up the army
dropping the Fairbanks off can't leave
the Cowboys lost Jamie thinks it's his
fault for coming down it's really not
your fault I'm not coming we had a
six-game street I don't know what to say
I'm speechless
well ladies you guys need to break it up
back there because the battery's about
to die I want you guys being our outro
what was your favorite part about today
excluding the cowboy game cuz of course
I was
they did a lot of stuff today and
yesterday there was if lining they've
got a massage yeah we went to the
Arboretum yeah that right every just
saying that we had a great trip
it's been an awesome time in Dallas with
love Texas and we're so glad that you
guys joined us the battery died sorry
guys just right then and there I was
about to say don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
and your foot in there
oh you guys don't funny
