hmm I'm not making Sam a birthday cake
this year because he's coming on his
diet or whatever so I'm making him a
birthday casserole and it's in a big
dish and I'm gonna put candles inside of
it I am making Sam birthday breakfast
enchiladas ooh yummy I seriously feel
like I'm making a fancy version of the
McDonald's dollar burritos just because
the way you smell happy birthday say
happy birthday dad
birthday breakfast is served breakfast
enchiladas and water and boys today is
my birthday and guess what I'm gonna do
first thing I'm gonna call Michael I
wish him a happy birthday Mia made me
the best breakfast I've ever had
he may be asleep three over difference
in I am it's not gonna happen
good morning guys welcome to my birthday
so I'm excited for church Mohsen to
everybody in the church family an email
saying that he has something really
special to share with all of us that's
been on his heart
so I'm excited to see what that is and
today after church I'm gonna go pick up
a birthday present that you guys got me
it's a surprise so stick around on the
blog and you'll go with us Teddy go pick
it up I want to tell you guys my my
wishes for my 29th birthday throughout
the day
my first wish right now
my first finish to my 29th birthday is
I guess developing a closer or more
intimate relationship with God making
him priority in my life over everything
else
I haven't been doing that and I feel
like I've wasted a lot of time my next
wish a little bit later it's going to be
exciting so stay with us
James in the plaid shirt Abram in the
classroom different pants on we got blue
pants green pants we're taking a picture
of all the symphony what are you doing
in there what you complain to bounce
houses other rocks so you'll play in the
rocks he got me an iTunes gift card for
my birthday party cuz I love to hug you
all
you've come here over Gaza get anybody
he thinks he's fooled us but he's fallen
asleep
hey boy we know you're pretending buddy
a little bigger he put the smile hey hey
how he's so cute singing to him Symphony
and Abram when they call asleep their
lips just get like
it's all hard
where's 420
excited about these voices yes need to
share them with me is I'm gonna like
say all day the question of the sermon
was is your dream useful employed my
dream has been to
it has big cancer
is to realize God's big we got the house
special this is all mine for my birthday
bow just staring at it was just like
he's a stereo goes on a no-bread diet
it's exactly what it is no ice cream no
bread no pasta no sugar I want my beat I
gotta check out this sign it's really
cool
so these place to call Noah
see that it's the mushroom mushroom
isn't that clever I thought that was
cool I thought you got to like that I
wanted to go to the restroom I gotta go
really bad they don't have any hair they
only have pushers try facetiming with my
twin again you better answer this time
he owes me it's my birthday and his
birthday come on bro we had to come stop
by the house before we went out to go
shopping so I could upload the vlog for
today cuz I know we're gonna be out
pretty late but I just watched the video
that Nia made me man that was just that
was too awesome the birthday compilation
you guys are so awesome thank you so
much each and every one of you guys for
sending her video that made me feel so
special
alright we're gonna head off and go do
some shopping I'm gonna get the new
birthday present that you guys bought me
I've been told you yet but you will soon
see cuz that's where we're gonna go
first and then after that we're gonna do
a little bit shopping I think I want to
get a new a new running attire some new
shoes
I forgot to make potatoes I got really
wrapped up in making his enchiladas and
it was route a really hard dish to
prepare because it was all handmade
there wasn't any like pre made sauces or
anything that you made it all from
scratch and it was hard especially with
Abram and by the time they were done I
just took it to him and served him
breakfast and I totally forgot to make
the potatoes on the fridge what you mean
all right guys we're here I'm here to
pick up my gift that you got me can you
guys guess what it is this is where at
I'll give you your first clue boom right
where's the boom that's by that's where
we'll be picking up the gift that's why
it's not my choice electronic retailer
the thing that I ordered or that you
guys got for me what the same price here
as anywhere else on the internet so I
decided just to order it here so I could
pick it up on my birthday I'm trying to
find the right the right thing oh my
gosh oh my gosh this is it guys we got
it our new blogger thank you so much I
really appreciate it through the quality
on this thing I think I see the frozen
dad from that video
he's vlogging you guys is that Sam I
think that Sam so this is the canon g7x
as a flip up screen as a 1.8 aperture at
its widest 2.8 at its longest focal
length which is 100 millimeters this
thing is amazing oh my gosh you guys
he's really cute hi blogger hi yeah my
heart's being really fast law exception
so this is the new blogger guys isn't it
beautiful
and he has a flip up screen I think this
is like canons first like pocketable
camera with a flip up screen like this
Abram Bobby what are you doing
where's dad dad so we're at Luke's
Locker now this is the main thing I
wanted for my birthday was a new pair of
shoes and running outfit maybe some
running gear or whatnot but let me share
with you another wish that I have for my
29th year my wish is that I'll be
working in a new hospital and then I'll
be working less so I want to work with
us boost my family more and focus more
on what God wants for me maybe didn't
wear my church as part of that same wish
and possibly work only two days a week
instead of three so that is like
you guys like this one
I'm gonna go running these and see how
they do
come on buddy come on you're just gonna
tease us aren't you ray said they should
bring up my eyes
you just think they bring your eyes okay
thank you sorting on these shoes yeah I
have to get extra wide shoes and usually
I don't fit Nikes because they don't
make a move no but uh these ones just
perfectly pick out why there can you
tell he's making a really wide feet
those feet won me over when Sam and I
met he had his big floppy feet propped
up on the table at theater practice and
I looked over and I was like he is so
cute I could not believe that I thought
he was cute because I am repulsed by
feet hard time for daddy's birthday
we're trying to watch him what Marisol
we just met Marisol she's a bull so
you've been watching us since the
beginning we watch it every day and then
when I first started making the ride I
was like oh so it was great meeting a
fan but so unlikely here in Dallas it's
awesome I know we had much viewers here
in Dallas honestly come on Avery we can
do it buddy
come on Abram you can do it
come on Abram all right guys so I guess
I'm gonna say goodbye now but before we
go only make one last final wish I can't
think of anything so I'm gonna leave it
open for you guys to help me what should
I wish for this year for me as a 29 year
old that's been an awesome day I really
appreciate the happy birthdays from all
you guys awesome video you made mean
everything me I love you thank you for
making this day so special and everybody
don't forget we love remember
we shall just
I have one final wish and that is that
much one brother will move back to Texas
come back to Texas things aren't the
same since you went away before you lose
your accent and forget all about thorn
star state there's a seat for you at the
rodeo and I've got a slow dance saved
besides the Mexican food sucks now that
you're not here anyways come back to
Texas Mikey
