hey guys welcome to Sam surprise
birthday bonus vlog thank you all so
much for sentient videos and for all the
awesome kind encouraging words that you
said to Sam and to our family we are so
excited to be celebrating Sam's first
birthday with you guys he's 29 years old
and I'm just so excited that we can
bring you guys along as we celebrate his
birthday today Sam happy birthday
sweetie I love you so much and I feel
like it's my birthday because I have the
gift of being your wife all right you
guys enjoy
Sam's birthday soon I just wanted to say
happy birthday and I hope you're having
a great day
hey do you say happy birthday I thought
that by just thanking you so much for
bringing a smile to my day into a life
every day I'm just the way that you
prepare yourself just and just the way
you are is just that I just bring this
part of my face every day and you're
just such a cool guy and I just let us
thank you so much for that we enjoy your
dinner and your randomness you're always
making me laugh and your great godly
influence on both Sookie and Evans lives
and I can already feel the garden traits
reflected in action it's also really
great husband Taniya and I think that's
miracle happy birthday happy birthday
dear
happy birthday to you I will always love
your channel you guys are the boss
so if they say I hope you have a
wonderful day we've been watching those
videos for a really long time like since
the beginning and we think you're such a
funny guy and he likes such a good
Christian family and we love it we love
you more so proud of you happy happy
49th birthday happy birthday big dog
have a good one
thanks girls go I guess your father
to keep up the good work and I hope you
have a awesome and spectacular day Sam
you're such a role model to me you
encouraged me spiritually and mentally
you're so funny
and you always know how to brighten my
day so I hope you have a great birthday
because you deserve it
happy birthday happy birthday Sam you're
such a inspirational person such an
amazing person also food I hope you have
a great birthday an amazing day hope you
have a happy birthday Emma if you have a
great birthday to spend it with your
family and friends and to have the best
birthday ever so thank you so much for
the inspiration that you often offer on
basics I just want to share with you a
few verses from 2 Corinthians chapter 4
that should really help me in recent
weeks and they're just great verses
especially when people are experiencing
really harsh times and so it yeah 2
Corinthians chapter 4 verse 8 10 if they
we are hard pressed on every side but
not crushed perplexed but not in despair
persecuted but not abandoned struck down
but not destroyed
we always carry around in our body the
death of Jesus so that the life of Jesus
may also be availed in our body happy
birthday
happy birthday saying happy birthday we
should say happy birthday to you
obviously we to let you know that we're
really proud of what you guys have been
doing on YouTube and even the short
malecon that we've gotten to know you we
really feel like you guys are doing some
really good stuff we're really proud of
how you are living out your role as a
father publicly to your wife and how you
love and care for your kids and how
you're pursuing the Lord and doing all
that very publicly on your channel
really casting vision for family for
fathers for future fathers and really
love the impact that you are having we
know you're having on many many many
many people so thank you for letting us
to kind of join you a little bit than
that and kind of get to know you guys a
little bit then and I've really really
enjoyed that and so we can say happy
birthday and thanks for being a blessing
to so many other people
I just want to send in a quick video and
let you know big happy birthday not only
for myself but everyone here my my
college I go to the beautiful Augustana
College you can't really see it from the
dorm room but it's beautiful campus and
a lot of beautiful people that all love
you so I hope you have a really good
birthday and I just want to say thank
you for always reminding us to love one
another because that's the best words of
advice no we all love you you and your
family have been such an inspiration for
me ever since I started watching your
vlogs your memories your family on
strong Christian faith in one day but
don't forget I love you and remember to
shine a light wherever you go
first Peter 2:17 says on all men love
the Brotherhood you were gone under the
king I love watching your videos and I
find them really encouraging yeah I hope
you have a wonderful day
hi Sam and happy birthday thank you so
much for what you do for the YouTube
community by being a great father and
husband and showing what it's like to
live the Christian life but I see a lot
of negative things in the world but your
videos in the evenings always bring me
encouragement I show me the good that is
still in the world so thank you for what
you do you have a wonderful family have
a great birthday and keep up the good
work brother
happy birthday Sam I hope you have a
great birthday and wishes come true
I love watching guys response welcome
happy birthday bye I love towards your
vlogs and you are such a great they're
such great having such a great model of
how like men should be
and I just love to watch your vlogs and
I can say when we then you can't make it
but as I say happy birthday happy
birthday Sam I hope you have a great one
thanks so much for joining us and
sharing your family with us you guys are
huge encouragement to me and I look
forward to your videos every day
god bless you and your family and don't
forget we love you
hi I'm Elizabeth I'm so happy look at
you Sam - say what - say hello this is
Sam you can later we'll talk about here
my all-time favorite Broncos concern
Gracie brother was an ingrown toenail
and the family members band members
edema because Miley was in there so I
don't know the wall get the letter
within oh my gosh it seems our dance
party like waffles yeah we like waffles
do you like pancakes yeah we like
pancakes you like french toast yeah we
like french toast
Oh chuckles everyday like a second
parent awesome so first of all I just
want to say happy birthday you deserve
the best birthday ever
and second of all I just wanted to say
thank you guys so much for making daily
vlogs you guys inspire me every day and
I hope you make vlogs for a long time
and Sam let you better than having my
birthday because you totally deserve it
and remember I love you and remember to
love each other
you are tog refer father dad husband
you're just like an amazing person the
best so I hope you have a great birthday
oh by the way Sam happy birthday
we baked you a little cake that we're
going to honor of your birthday sir we
can't share it and have it with you how
is it coming
I don't think I just want to wish them a
happy birthday
I'm not on your roll
and I love how you take care of your
family and I read on how that's most
important to you and anything so much
put a lot of time and effort into videos
it really needs a lot to me the only
word I just love to sit down and watch
over you helped me relax
and I just love my family so much and I
wanna wish you a happy birthday
hey Sam this is hotter from Alabama and
all the wish you a happy birthday
there are too many words to describe you
have father as a brother as a son so
continue doing what you're doing buddy
oh and here's a birthday cake happy
birthday song Chris your eyes and make a
wish
enjoy your next trip around the Sun they
show me your sympathy in April and I
just wanted to wish Sam a very very
happy birthday and I hope you spend it
oh well you know what it's amazing job
with Symphony and children hurt like
expectation well that stuff and only
wonderful doctor sometimes I wish I
happen 10 connection my dad like no to
it and just keep up the good work and
hard work today
god bless
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you hey sweetie happy birthday I just
wanted to put this video together to
show you how incredibly special you are
and I really hope that you have an
amazing day today my heart is full I
love you happy birthday Oh
