morning cutie breakfast is almost ready
boom stumbling out of bed hahahaha he
wanted things daddy's funny you are my
sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
got to give
in this together look at my little
helper
it's p.o box day for me and this car is
loaded to the brim with recent crazy
when I'm at home I can take like big
stacks from the house to the car but at
the post office I have to have like
enough balance to get the door open you
get the boxes inside the post office so
that's not quite so fun right Katie I'll
see you later
oh man guys I got some really
disappointing news yesterday we took
some footage here in this kitchen
this kitchen I'm standing in right now
and we had Abram over here and he was
standing up and down here's what he's
doing I'll just bring an actor for you
guys he's going down like this and then
he stand up and he laughs about it and
then you sit down and then he's stepping
up and laugh about it and like hehe and
we were trying so hard to get him to
walk but he wouldn't walk but it was
such awesome footage and then we got
some really cute but I drew the pin
pression on the kids faces and I lost it
all
i formatted the car before I uploaded
those two foot those are two movies
actually it's Mike for movies games like
I see a widow wiggle worm hi wiggle
wiggle
oh we go well were me with the wiggle
wearing do it breathe wait birdy
good job I'll see you if you guys don't
follow us on Instagram you should go
follow us I'm at Nia girl 9 and this guy
over here a sample photo and we started
a new series today called the super kids
of so go check it out to see what our
children are being super kids for today
look at this big strong man Wow what
would I do without him oh all right I'm
gonna go scare symphony where is she
yeah Oh
a symphony to me hello this kitchen you
like that
I think it's yucky let's put the toilet
seat back
oh yeah yes toy seat cover hey guys I
have to have a formal dress for this
thing we're going to in North Carolina
and I decided I think I want to do
thrift shopping for it I was just
looking at the wall
aren't you dues Britt one great one it's
personal like 30 bucks what if I found
like a really awesome vintage looking
formal dress I didn't hear but
hello it's just me and that's not even
scary that's Power Rangers yeah now it
does Power Rangers are heroes this is
mascara
well I wanted a flower daddy Anna get
fit.you do you like that okay we can get
that I should get this this is perfect
for me my nurses off of it
I'll load via nurse simply said this is
the only costume that she'll prove it
for me
a dinosaur
hey broom what about Tinkerbell she
really liked me I really like the sinker
Bell dress we could get her some wings
we're shopping for costumes at the
Genesis center in a coffin texts me
dinosaur dinosaur I feel bad I think I
scarred Symphony now every time I just
make a noise you get scared watch where
she look you T I'm sorry
all I did was black mantas gardener
it's so bad quack quack crap hey Roger
horsey we found sifting I found a horse
in the garbage
here let me show you how to do it you
use one hand to hold the back of it
hold the stick can you reach the stick
you read the stick and then the other
hand you hold this part run you know
that hurt you don't have to bounce it
just one yeah I don't know how about
perfect I like it like this Danny
uncomfortable just want to show you one
other way you can try it and hold a
stick right here so it doesn't drop on
the ground like that make a run with it
run all right yes I'm not divided at all
and when I write it at home - oh I got a
vanilla ma hey guys do you know what I
got it's a lot of I got nothing in there
you know why I got nothing I got too
much here no honey
no yelling we have too much there I have
a lot here but not much here I totally
disagree with that
huh Mel was telling same way just how
much I needed his muscles I think I've
used up about five different times get
his help around the house today I don't
know what I would do without see him and
his muscles seriously like today our
scene got clogged up and I needed him to
fix it for me because just regular old
plungin was I literally fixed it
literally I picked up on her and I
plugged up the inside put my whole back
into it mr. Fixit he it was is bad
because occasion we have like green
relish I could even barely push thing
down something's really blocking I felt
doing it
I gave yep and he fixed it for me as
well mr. Fixit he loaded Oh No I'm
thinking I'm going to deploy doesn't
no seriously can't think I should be
done nursing done with photography maybe
even longer I'm not sure and just pick
up for me oh yeah we'll get you
somewhere as bill would shoot your butt
crack the way I just like unplug the
sink it was just no I just as I was
doing it I was like man it feels so
natural I should be doing this for a
little bit
you guys believe this I was craving a
mall and my boys are drinking it all for
me I guess this is my life from now on
give me some Oh boobie now you go run
that off
what a run
was that a runner what symphony quite a
run right before Annabelle I think
that's the furthest we've gone together
think he was vote maybe 2 points 6 miles
or something I'm not exactly sure I
gotta get on met my run and see what I
ran this time I did map it before I ran
I just ran and I just kept running I
also got to see how did you do yeah GG
was out to playing basketball with his
friends that's home I couldn't go cuz I
got a bad shoulder hurt my shoulder when
we went to a trampoline park I was
jumping jumping to the the foam pit up
to trampling and I did a 360 and as I
was doing a 360 I guess I use my arm to
prepare myself and I did something
what's wrong I the phone one yeah the
phones are we really fine
yeah that's what I'm talking about
that's when I hurt my shoulder there's a
long time ago
right there you see it when to the loop
and I said ah or when I made that noise
how long has it been I've know how long
it's been it's been like four months or
something like that and it still hurts
in fact your thing is getting worse I
have to go see a doctor sir boundary
dinner what a mommy make us she made us
some beef stew it's pretty good mommy
not here she's at Bible study buddy
we'll get what kind of birthday she's
Pinkalicious it was cool about that
horsey we just found in the dumpster
right Andrew just told us that they sold
fish no nose at Home Depot right now for
30 or 40 bucks so we just pretty much
found 30 bucks from the dumpster oh man
that was delicious wasn't that delicious
it was amazing what do you think you can
go okay that was such a good home-cooked
meal man yeah why it sure was
isn't mommy so gracious to us cooking
his food before she leaves she's just so
incredibly selfless it's just an amazing
especially in a time when we're really
working on selfishness when I show
people a picture of my wife they look at
her and they say well how'd you get so
lucky but that event oh the 3/4 of it
they'll know 1/4 but she's extremely
beautiful you don't know how amazing
she's as a wife how she's just so
selfless to to me my children
I mapped our run and we actually ran 3.2
miles today together Sydney we ran 3.2
miles today that is cool
welcome home mommy I'm back from Bible
study and we are patiently awaiting our
FaceTime call from the Schmoyer I'm also
getting ready to eat some in the dinner
that I cooked for everyone else before I
left and I'm pretty hungry I've been
waiting for the right time to give
symfony this it's a reward just for good
behavior just me being proud of her and
is it it's a night light sorry and she
just told me that when she's scared a
night she's a mommy do you know what I
do
I said what she said I just pray that
God will help me not be afraid anymore
so I think it's time for her to get home
it's a pretty awesome that it projects
like a huge thing on the ceiling let's
go check it out guys hey guys hi we're
vlogging you guys there's just Moore's
what are you guys doing we have a bad
connection so your voice sounds real
robotic it's like I went to LA did you
even hear us
uh-huh what happened with us sound
we lost sound we can't hear Tim not cool
Tim I can read your lips that's not very
nice
what happened Ben ring hello and he says
I love you I want to party with you hi
Toby Oh cutie Oh oh my gosh they're my
friend well we're all getting in bed now
and we have a lot of fun talking with
the s'mores tonight it was a good
schmate that doesn't make sense I'm
trying to say date wish Moyer but no it
was fun and we just really enjoyed
talking with them just so done earth
people and feel like we just so get
along with him really well you guys we
just want to tell you all good night
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
you
you didn't get anything out of there
okay Sam go for this Nia left the bag
here put all the bags outside for me to
get we finally got the bags out now
we're like five backs in here forever
Oh back sitting there look what the bag
the biggest off his bag she left it here
in the middle already man my
responsibility oh man look at this oh
it's so frustrating
I'm so glad if I get rid of those bags
out of the walkway and others a bag left
there
