hey you guys good morning good afternoon
actually I went out this morning without
a card for the camera I get ready to
start vlogging symphonies doing all this
cute stuff with her friends and of
course it's like you have no memory card
I'm like why how did I forget that I
don't even know how I forgot that so the
kids are napping and I'm about to get my
crafts on
by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to give
and this together I'm going to fabric
wrap a canvas for my sister-in-law and
then I'm going to attach really cute
embellishments on it for her baby room
do you need fabric a canvas and you also
need a stapler see where the Sam Stabler
aha we have a stapler first you want to
figure out which orientation you're
gonna do your fabric my fabric looks
best going this way so I'm gonna lay it
face the on this way then you want to
figure out which orientation you want
your canvas to go and I want mine to go
up and down like this so I'm gonna lay
it also face down in the same way I'll
show you guys face down and then you
basically just wrap it and you match up
the staples around like this and voila
you have a fabric wrapped campus now I
have to add embellishments I have a
letter outside I painted it before I got
started on this and I'm gonna go do
another coat on here in a minute
Abram blow kisses
blows kisses to the BIA where's where we
we're headed to ballet class of the
ballerina Thank You ballerina
this guy back here is getting some teeth
you guys we got like three hours of
sleep last night he's chewing on
everything drooling my crazy and
extremely cranky for like the first time
in his life even nursing him is not
soothing whatever it is he's feeling
like I still nurse him for when he takes
his nap or goes to bed and today at nap
time he was just like crying and crying
while nursing oh so sad I gave him a
little bit of Tylenol hoping now it
helped you heard him what did you think
it made me sad to see my baby brother
she loves you little guy here did you
look beautiful today do you ever tell
your teacher that
are you - sure
no I just feel like I just feel like I
just don't want to do that
Abram are you gonna go to ballerina
class are you trying to get this oh let
me don't sneak a bigger second
this is the ticket right there
you all semester or whatever all season
I guess
you're bunking down PayPal yeah
okay you guys proud mommy moment
so after ballet class symphonies teacher
comes up to me as she recently had an
injury to her toe and symphony had told
me about that I knew that and so her
teacher had to take a phone call at the
beginning of class so when she first
came out she said all the girls were
greeting her and saying hi hi miss Erin
and symphony when I got kind of quiet
said mint there and how's your toe and
she said it meant so much to her that
Symphony was so precious and
tender-hearted and I just felt like how
to brag on her to you guys for a minute
that means so much to me to have you
know the teacher come up to you after
the class over he makes a remarkable
your daughter is okay I saw I told you
that Avram was teething which means I
feed him babies need me to thin I feed a
baby food so watch what this little man
is doing he's cracking himself up you
guys he's got funny his baby to crawl on
the planet Oh
Avram you are not not funny at all
okay it's a little funny
there's just something hilarious in this
baby food today here it comes
Wow do you undo it down please baby
where's the baby where's Abram am I
freaking out today says the first day
ever that knee didn't have my scrubs
ready for me I'm not gonna go back and
wear my scrubs that I wore yesterday
it's not a big deal we all make mistakes
we all make mistakes not a big deal
honey she's beating herself up up over
that oh hey buddy
Jenko there you go baby it's time for
PJs
come here you little fireman we need a
fire truck hmm
a truck yeah it's a truck hey where's it
where's the truck man
yummy spoon hey Brown
hey they look great on you okay guys
it's kind of time for us to start
winding down our evening Abrams in bed
and we are gonna do that's my mommy tag
that's me proud of it too we were tagged
by J house vlogs we'll put a link below
to their Channel and you guys go check
them out they're awesome we really enjoy
their vlogs hi Ellie
so Symphony are you ready we're gonna do
vlog tag like it was so cute as I was
explaining to her what we were gonna do
and she thought we were gonna like run
around with the vlogger and play tag and
I explained to her that we were gonna
sit and answer questions about mommy and
she was like are you serious but she's
excited now right mm-hmm okay you think
you know your mommy okay what is mommy's
favorite food you favorite food is eggs
what does mommy say the most I love you
Oh what is my favorite drink coffee
that's coffee
what is mommy's favorite thing to do
your favorite thing to do is do the
laundry oh boy you've never been more
wrong kiddo what game does mommy like to
play the most
yeah actually play cows how do you play
color Symphony you just do colors
tonight
that's it what makes mommy upset when
daddy gets upset at you what does mommy
do that makes you happy
you'll help me Queen oh you'll help me
find some time if mommy was a Disney
Princess who would she be ina really
that was fast
why would I be on a because you have
kind of like brownish hair uh-huh how
old is mommy I don't know you don't know
what food does mommy make the best I
make eggs the best okay and bacon what
is mommy's job your job is to take care
of the house that is my job and who else
do I take care of Avram me and daddy
mm-hmm that's right cutie did a good job
I didn't take care of myself but that's
for people that thanks Jay uh-huh I'm
gonna put the people that are tagged
below so check out their channels I'll
be down below if you see someone tagged
below and you watch them regularly or
you know if who they are go let them
know that Sam and Nia tags them in the
that's my mommy tag Navy we deny viewers
even don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other oh you're
good at that gotta break your nose
anyway I give the viewers a kiss Oh
sweetie
here's the final product you guys
earlier today we had to go to ballet so
I didn't get to finish it and I didn't
get to show you guys my progress but
here it is I'm excited Rachel if you're
watching this don't get too excited wait
to see it in person it's so much cuter
in person than what you're seeing on
this vlog right now I just wanted to
show you all that before I told you guys
goodnight symphony told you all good
night before before I sign off though
don't forget to send your videos to Sam
for his birthday keep them under a
minute and we're gonna be putting
together that vlog between the 23rd and
the 26th that's his birthday and if you
haven't already subscribed to our
channel we post daily vlogs for you guys
and monthly we also do lip syncs you
know we are that frozen couple we did
the frozen lip sync a few months ago and
we try to keep that rollin every month
by doing a Disney lip sync we are
planning one I've got paint all over my
fingers but we're planning one a special
one for Halloween and we've also got
something else we've been working on as
far as the lip syncs go and so hopefully
you'll be getting a couple new ones in
the near future but anyways until then
we will see you all on tomorrow's vlog
bye
