you
good morning guys how you doing the
night wasn't as bad as I thought it
would be at first I thought it was gonna
be pretty bad so I put Abram down when
we got home from Eric's house hey
everybody he's really cranky right now
and he woke up an hour after I put him
down I'm like oh great this is how my
life's gonna be this is my future I was
pretty concerned but after I went in
there and consulting rocked him to sleep
I gave Miss cuffing he just held it fell
asleep in my arms after that everything
look great
tender practice you're walking look at
that light it's awesome good morning
Symphony simply slept good she did wake
up a single time
Abram keeps calling for Mama every time
he sees you Sydney says mama
he calls me mama why because what does
he do that because that's how you hate
that's how he sure I love me and how he
talks that's how he tells you he loves
you huh oh that's precious I'm saying I
think we should clean up a little bit in
here before mommy gets home are you
working on here pull this down for me
okay
doesn't magnet on an already you're
welcome camera piano you having
difficulties buddy be so happy when
mommy gets here and so am i we're all
gonna be so happy
Oh guess what I got going on today guys
a wedding yes I hear taking care of the
kids and I have a wedding shoot today I
like to get prepared before the wedding
shoot I like to wake up focus make sure
my mind is right for the wedding day
make sure all my equipment ready go over
everything make sure the times are
calibrated on the
and simply just kicked Abram off the
horse Symphony that wasn't very nice are
you hugging the horsey you're so
fashionable your horsey a little bit
affected guy show Angela you picked out
to wear all right good job I'd like that
I love it Sydney
you're good at dressing yourself but I
just got one question are you gonna wear
the hanger - oh hey you guys I just got
back from the retreat and symphony and I
are heading to the party site to go
decorate for Sandy's reveal party look
at all this blue and pink fluff that I
have here in my hands we have to go pick
up some veggie trays cupcakes fruit try
stuff like that and then decorate that's
what we're gonna do
what do you think it's gonna be good
super darken that angle a girl team girl
where's your sticker team girl do you
think it's a girl boy Oh team boy
Tolu ha did you say toy what torn torn
girl girl
how many is in this bowl I think there's
gonna be
4000 you're cheating what a cute mom and
dad combo you guys second baby on the
label so in love he's catching Brandon
carry the party planner and a sister and
the best baby name can be anything
Emily's Emily we have a friend a minute
late here that girl okay Katie
teen girl a teen boy oh I'm teen girl
what's the best baby name Sean oh this
is Jonathan by the way in case you guys
didn't know that carries way for John
offender best baby name ever uh I can't
really suggest anything oh I know she
knows I have to con her in to telling me
without knowing that she's telling me is
he okay
I do like Charlie that's very nice which
day will get baby before what pick a
number Symphony point to it March
okay can you dip your finger in paint
and put it on the board see half of my
fingerprint
Oh Harriet is a brilliant I really like
the names of engine i think hey what do
you think sandy should name her little
girl she has a girl right
okay toast to baby number two I think
you are the best mom in the world big
inspiration to me
sandy I am wrong with you
love being a mama take it fun sandy you
have been with me baby
and I've always looked room are you team
boy or girl I don't care as long as it's
healthy enhance oh what a good grant do
you have any cool baby names that you
think are good fresh such a girl oh
sandy likes the name Presley
are you team boy or girl I'd like to
have a girl but I have until her happy
one but really I love it Cathy do you
think it's gonna be a boy or a girl you
think you're gonna have two would mate
what name should mommy choose okay sandy
and Erin ready popping these balloons
behind me and out from the balloons is
going to fall some sort of colorful
contraption it's either going to be pink
or blue right Carrie Pinker blurring
hair boats down I don't know but she did
tell me horsey game she either gave me a
huge hint or her a big fat nothing she
does tend would she say tell me right
okay I can't I can't do it yeah no color
no specific color but a hint I can't I
don't know she said it could be both
that was my dream sandy I have every
that was your dream and you said okay
wait we need blowers to give me twins I
don't know I don't know it's happening
what are you feeling right now in this
moment Eric you look pretty excited I'm
so excited to figure out what Sadie's
baby what the gender is not even handle
this is getting real I'm starting to
live it breathe heavily and Brad are you
excited are you gonna come have a blower
this is a joke what are we doing I can't
wait
yeah
baby hi baby
hey did you hear the motorcycles where
they oh I'm gonna head out how do you
feel I feel I feel like I want to go buy
things and rearrange cups room because
now we're gonna be roommates and I wanna
get in bed and I want to fit either
I want to rearrange cut room like I want
to get it ready now I can't believe it I
can't believe it's over
Oh whew oh we got a circle Anton
nobody's Shiva I want to go buy an
outfit right me too
I said let's go shopping here let you I
gotta go get somebody welcome back to
the house guys I just want to take us
good night hope you had fun with Nia
today my photo shoot went really well
good solid three hours of shooting
actually was only two and a half and she
gave me a tip don't forget guys we love
you remember to love each other
but then this
shop
no you use your corn dog as a bookmark
babe you look trust me this is the
better thing to do you take the corn dog
say you're on this page you just put the
corn dog in there and you'll know where
you left off okay just leave it in there
so you know where you left off see I can
easily open it to where you were
see how easy it is I guess this is where
I'm Anna
which one oh right there okay this is a
Ecore dogs
