hey hey hey put the magnet on the fridge
put on the fridge
everyone's learning magnets today put it
on I don't take that one off gotta put
the black side against the fridge you
know what to do yeah you did it huh this
reminds me I need to be praying for
these people you are my sister made by
the same guy loved by the same
in this together so I'm not here
distracting Ava mom mommy takes a shower
she's about to come out so this is gonna
be a tricky part she's not the one by
him seen her Caesar
he's gonna make a beeline to our bedroom
you guys I have seriously got the best
husband in the world I'm not trying to
brag but a little bit I am look at this
Abram started yelling mama Sam is just
so sweet though I went and took a shower
and he was with Abram and I'm not like
super fast in the shower and then I went
to get dressed to boil dry the top of my
head a little bit and I come outside and
he's pushing him around in his little
car and he's gonna be alone with the
kids tonight when I go on my woman's
retreat like how sweet is so special the
best Sam you're the best
I'm packing over here and I just don't
know what to pack all I need is some
pajamas and an outfit to wear home
tomorrow but my outfit for tomorrow is
also gonna be what I wear to Sandy's
gender-reveal party most likely
everyone's getting stressed out over his
puzzle over here I'm really excited to
go this is my first time like leave the
family overnight for any kind of event
ever and I'm just really excited excited
to get together with my girls from
church we're gonna have a really
refreshing time it's actually a weekend
long retreat but I'm only going tonight
and I'll be there tomorrow morning good
afternoon fam basic welcome tour today
you were yesterday we're gonna go pick
up symphony and we've been discussing
what's going to happen when Nia goes out
of town tonight this is the very first
time that I'll be staying the night
alone with a Berman Symphony it's a
pretty momentous day it really excited
he hears Symphony Symphony yeah
Oh someone doesn't want to be on the
vlog so more than 500 see tonight you're
going to be there for me are you gonna
shoot or my mom's going to so if April
wakes up in the middle night she always
wants me to console him what am I
supposed to do ma'am ma'am
Oh buddy he'll just jump out your chair
he just jumped out so mommy leave yes
yes every new policy Shh
I love you buddy everything's gonna be
okay everything's gonna be always now do
you guys understand my concern for
tonight literally the moment Nia got out
of the car
Abram lost all control
would you get I got afraid this is for
Sammy's reveal party tomorrow she was
like you're gonna frame Sandee in there
we're gonna take pictures in it like oh
okay that's she you think it's a girl or
a boy guys that's kind of cool I guess
isn't that cool we're gonna know by
tomorrow what saying he's having well I
tried to time things perfectly today so
that I could come home and spend a
little time with the kids before we left
but it didn't work out that way as you
guys saw I had to stop and get that
frame from Jenna's house oh my gosh I'm
cooking barbecue in the crock-pot and it
smells amazing in here this retreat
they're not gonna be doing laundry so we
have to bring like our own bedding and
towels and stuff like that I thought my
towels and bedding looked cute the
pattern that I have going on oh you
smell that mom is cooking crock-pot for
us so I don't have to cook she's so
sweet
give me already when we got in here no
barbecue supping or another thinking has
be turned down
Blanka don't tell her I said that
you don't go say bye to mama he's got a
cute shadow oh my gosh your shadow
see that shadow guys
weirdest thing ever Sam you go to work
at night and I don't ever leave at night
only time I ever leave at night is with
you this is like the weirdest thing by
guys on this like you - we love you
Abram - good mommy
hey roomie okay how you doing
we don't okay you okay she'll be right
back baby she's just leaving for one
night don't be sad he's sweet sweet girl
oh love you so much Wow I wouldn't have
predicted this ephram's okay but simply
to get a little personal hey it's okay
hey to be back soon come on school play
let's have fun we're gonna have fun
what about you order back to Liberty I
really do but we're back close your door
better look at there's a middle wheel on
this thing the family and I would like
to wish Laura Stuart a happy birthday
today our tomorrow your today so happy
birthday Laura Stewart our older you're
turning did he say he didn't say but he
did say you're Scottish
come here come on come here hey Rob hey
Rob I got a silly baby and I'm at baby
ma'am ma'am say bam-bam-bam-bam are you
so silly she's sleepy I think are you
sleepy this is how mama gets when she's
sleepy I turned my back for one minute
simply got to hold the hammer and knock
him upside the head start a screaming
I'm trying to set the timer cuz she's in
timeout for five minutes
but I can't figure it out so that I
can't figure out this timer but I'll let
you know what five minutes is up okay
how's that corner smell how does it
smell it gives you disgrace
don't taste it I can't you didn't smell
good okay all right face the corner I
need you apologize to your brother sorry
oh that was we he forgives you see we
forgive each other around here don't we
he want another one oh he likes you
simply that's so sweet
oh he's gonna get you back Symphony you
better watch it
and I might want to stop him either I'm
just kidding I want to meet you
oh here he comes lift a hammer beyond
what's he gonna do oh he wants to kiss
you instead oh you guys are so sweet all
right the kids and I are off to Eric's
house we're gonna go play with Eric he's
at home with cup I think we just got
done watching one of our vlogs the fair
vlog that we did and then I got
nauseated watching it we need a new
blogger I'm really sorry guys if you get
nauseated when we watch our vlog cuz
this camera has no stabilization that's
the reason why it's so so a shaky wha
what you singing buddy buddy
so excited
this is Eric's new little studio check
it out pretty cool he's got this fancy
classy red mic over here we're gonna
record a daddy duty song if Eric wants
to I'm not sure little smug is up to it
we can do like a country style he's
going to be mad at me but we're going to
go out at order pizza cuz I'm here and
all I'm not gonna have time to eat one
yet and Eric's putting some special
delivery delivery instructions what are
you writing sing the tune Hey Jude by
the Beatles so they got to sing hey Joo
when they write we'll see if they really
do it it's like special instructions on
Domino's Pizza website all right pizza
man's here
this did you give the special
instructions I know you did it
characters right down there that's
special and stretch them created to
merit and you're supposed to sing
Beatles let it be you know a lyrics
would because I think that's like you
learn it on the spot here yeah hey Jules
oh thank you hey dude
hey oh you guys didn't get it I think go
through it's okay it's not your fault
it's our fault thanks anyway man Eric
and I have finished our song actually we
haven't finished it but it's almost like
thirty it's time for able to go to bed
so we'll go ahead and record it for you
guys
Eric you ready let's go oh no you'll
make me walk yeah sure Oh Abraham's in
here playing with a plate a glass plate
at that you know I used to these big TVs
or you I am but I do like those big
screen are you like both Vic's cookie
this is massive hey this big oh that's
pretty big like this frozen letters cool
now Eric and I are going to make a song
now okay don't bother us for the next 20
minutes 20 to 30 minutes you to Abram
get your little booty out of here
you really have to go are you sure you
should get along with me
screaming out your practices more than
that everybody mess perfect the kids are
just getting to cranking upset where am
I going to go home it's like not
awesome and just whenever made me a
shaker out of a mason jar and beans it
didn't sound like a tambourine hitting
the middle of here
my lemonade so we have to record it
another day but anyway thanks for coming
on with this thing guys don't forget
love you I remember to love each other
bye guys
can make it
alright guys good night good night guys
I love you
