supposedly I'm ready to take care of an
Ebola patient what's the problem here
guys
okay this we got all this exposure you
are my sister made by the same guy loved
by the same
is love
got to give love
well
and this together SIBO I said where's
baby and he pointed to this frame it
seems like he's learning something new
every day like just right you're saying
no quiet
yeah but yesterday he was saying meow
for cat and then today he was going for
doggy
and of course we're like working with
him on this day get that out of school
too
you can wow me and fix your hair Missy
girl see huh you think boy you sure can
you're so tall now that's crazy when did
you get so tall stop growing so much
want to touch a knife I have to grow so
your goal for growing is so that you can
touch a knife one day you're so silly
so Symphony is going on my mom's tonight
that's it sipping why you always got to
leave me when I come home from work and
she said daddy don't forget this and
this is what she came back with what we
got okay every time you see this this
will basically this will remind you of
you because because I painted that this
is a little chicken uh-huh well rooster
hi paint it oh I'll think of it every
time I look at I think of you and then
what I really really miss you I'll kiss
it go mm-hmm I really really miss your
deceit old thing
Danny then it will get wet dad but no
we'll have to try all over again
oh I won't do that thank you so much
Wow how are you do it Nana how are you
going to be stay with Amanda for one
minute one minute a bad I can handle
that
hey bro I just clean up all these girls
we don't stop hey Kali you uaica Kali
burrito huh
I'll be the meat and you can be lettuce
okay hey everyone could be the tomatoes
oh it can be
hmm this also yeah so I was gonna say
the hell sauce she feel hot sauce and
I'll be there already
you'll be in awareness cuz you look like
with us today this color looks like
lettuce and yeah bean
what kind of meat in mind and etheric
should be the cheese cuz my color okay
and what does pretenders mean here now
who can eat us mmm evil just a print
someone's et back like a giant mmm-hmm
daddy not a giant and nice people
that was a burrito so today's my first
day back off work I'm in that drowsing /
/ Blake point mode
our burrito reminds me of something what
what when you use to wrap me up what
won't wrap me up in the towel like a
burrito I did
Oh after your bath uh-huh oh I remember
that me too
you've always been my little burrito
even when you were a little born baby
we used to wrap you up in blankets and I
call you my burrito and you still call
me a burrito y'all do because I'm in a
very you go you're a tortilla morning by
the way everybody how are you guys doing
everything doing good on your pop my leg
now Abram loves to help mommy do the
laundry
say hi oh
Abram what's the doggie say oh I'm about
to go to a men's Bible study Tiffany's
gonna come with me right City you're
gonna go the Bible study with me
remember dad what when you come home
from Bible study hey you're gonna look
at that chicken and when you look at
that chicken they'll remind them right
I'll remind you of three
oh that's right I totally forgot I will
look at that chicken and I will think of
you forever
hmm forever and ever and ever Abe will
come to your daddy come to Papa come to
the dad - like that
why does Sumi have to hop when she walks
look at her she just hopping away with
Nana by Saturday
as you guys know it was a big Ebola
scare here in Dallas and Nia was telling
me a little bit last night that she
hasn't given much thought but she's
recently become a little bit concerned
about my well-being go ahead honey time
what you're telling me last night man
that's all it's true at this whole time
I've just been kind of like oh my gosh
everyone's being so dramatic it's like
all over Facebook everyone's talking
about it
and I've just been kind of like Oh about
it you know like I feel anyway and so
then my cousin who I don't talk to very
often called to check on Sam and she's
like where to say I'm work I know he
works in the Dallas area and you know
are they taking special precautions for
him and I told her where he worked and I
was just like oh my gosh there's like a
chance that Sam could come in contact as
someone who has Ebola and get it himself
and it just never occurred to me and I
just suddenly got kind of scared and sad
last night just thinking about it and I
work in the ER in the Dallas area as you
guys are aware but I'm not going to
identify the hospital that I'm working
at but I was just going to show you guys
if some stuff that we've been I guess
learning about Ebola for the past couple
weeks since the scare has been going on
we're doing talking about it a lot like
is it like the talk of the nurses
station when y'all are like sitting in
pretty much we get a phone call people
calling in what are the symptoms and
symptoms of Ebola I'm like google it
beautiful but you know we're getting
phone calls we've had a couple scares
we're taking everything very seriously
if we get somebody that comes in with
like flu symptoms we make sure we wear a
mask when we go in the room just in case
even though they haven't come back from
Africa or whatever we had one pretty big
scare of somebody who actually did come
back from Africa
and we did all the problem proper
protocols and keeping this patient very
isolated from everybody else and I'm
going to show you guys the PPE that we
have to wear we're taking care of a
suspected Ebola patient
what's PPE PPE is personal protective
equipment Oh first you want to wear do
every day again okay
this over gallon opposed to where this
is like this is like paper thin like a
trash bag how the heck is that going to
protect you
it's a watery oh my gosh you look so
cute everyone stay on it very you okay
you can may you likes really freaking
cute at that little suit sit my feet in
here like so okay it's pretty simple
self-explanatory they're telling us that
we should probably wear goggles and a
face mask that covers up the eyes but it
wants to wear we have another pair of
goggles that actually like have foam
around it that cup the eye area so it
keeps sweat and everything out and it
absorbs anything that gets in contact
around your eyes this thing here you can
do both or just one of them but twos
better than one and then some gloves
course have you guys seen like what the
CDC supposedly wears when they go into
an infected area or whatever it's like
literally looks like a bodysuit
it's like got tubes coming from it and
all this stuff and they put the gloves
on here I'll make sure they go over is
this they have the thumb hole so you can
put the glove over the gown so there's
no fee UPS its seamless supposedly I'm
ready to take care of an Ebola patient
but what's the problem here guys okay
this we got all this exposure we should
be 100% covered yeah your ears oh about
your ears you've got all this exposure
well we actually we're up on it but I
don't have our ears will become with
upon it like a shower cap oh this would
all be exposed and this is very thin
easily rippable material I mean like
this just ah just it's that simple
you're actually posted tie this in the
back
so that's tight in the back process of
taking it off is tricky that's the
trickiest part and you want to be very
careful on contaminating your clothes or
your skin they take up gloves first like
this without touching the outside of the
gloves and wrap it up like that and be
careful taking off the goggles because
if this is all contaminated
consider contaminated so then when we
grab the inside of the man's trash it
the inside of the goggles trash it and
then you take off the gown so the front
and sleeves are considered contaminated
let's say the back to that contaminated
so you're not supposed to really turn
your back to the patient
just grab back here pull off come on so
that Oh till hope I can breathe seeing
you outside of the suit now so you can
see how easily it is to become
contaminated take that off and then the
shoes you just tuck in work inside fold
out not like that they need a better
system where Sam is working that's all
I've got to say they need a better
system I don't feel safe with you doing
this so we're all science specific
around there's one room that's an
isolation room and if you're the nurse
who just so happens to be assigned to
this isolation room that we have in the
ER then you're the one who's going to
take care of the Ebola patient but I was
saying you know they should have a dozen
nurse first of all because I have a
family at home some of those nurses
don't have families if I did contract
the virus and I came home I could
potentially give this to my kids and my
wife and the likelihood of kids
surviving this it's slim to none and I
think they should take that into
consideration having children at home
hopefully you know things will get
better as we go but right now we feel
pretty prepared overall any questions
guys if you guys have any questions
regarding Ebola or what's going on with
me in the hospital and I guess how I'm
feeling and stuff like that feel free to
ask me in the comment section do you
have any questions honey the room the
isolation room is it like next door to
the other rooms or is it like down a
hall back it has its next door to the
other rooms but if we got an Ebola
patient all those rooms would be shut
down
oh and this is a negative pressure room
so whoever's in there that they um all
the air gets sucked up and filtered and
sent back outside see I haven't thought
about any of this until like late last
night and I just started asking Sam all
these questions I'm like I mean it's
scary you know he comes home and walks
around in our house and on our floor and
we hug him and we kiss him and I mean I
kiss him every day so as you guys can
see we're prepared but we're not
prepared enough
and I'm not scared I'm not scared at all
oh I don't like this it's weird because
I'm just now starting to feel scared
about it I don't feel scared I trust God
God has it all under control I know that
in my heart but it's just kind of new in
my mind for me to even be thinking along
these lines before I thought it was all
just a big dramatic thing going on
exactly
Ebola God's if you don't have the signs
and symptoms what we're looking for word
people come in the number one thing was
looking for is a fever of 101 point five
and greater and coming from Africa if
you have those BAM you're considered an
Ebola patient but we're also looking at
headaches nausea vomiting diarrhea and
some of the late stages of the Ebola
virus disease you start to get bloody
diarrhea sort of bleeding from the
outside and it just becomes a mess I
think by that point you're probably
pretty much dead and this person who did
who we thought had a bola it was just a
flu okay guys don't forget we love you
remember to love each other and thanks
again for stopping by for medical time
with Sam and feel free to say a prayer
for those nurses who've contracted the
virus you're gonna do a lot right now
alright bye hi guys
we shall jump
for amnesty
did you get so tall stop growing so much
want to touch a knife I have to grow
