really closer you are my brother you are
my sis
made by the same guy number two same
got to live
got to give love
where I won't
in this together um Tiffany did you see
this did you see this right here um you
might want to take a look at this wicked
I don't know squat down look at it what
is it
sippy what is this my fruit snacks who's
your new jatropha snacks what are they
doing right here lined up in front of
your door oh I get to the fruit snacks -
then what are they doing right there
Sydney we got to take a look through
this come on I'll protect you don't
worry I don't know what happened here
you know how they got there maybe we
should yeah yeah
after live and try to get to your door
we should probably eat him up damn Oh
looky there sting still oh yeah you're
right so there's still fruit snacks okay
maybe I put him there and they really
didn't come to life maybe I put them the
way you're sleeping just to pretend you
don't eat them with me mmm maybe you
know what it you know do make you
nervous
does it make you nervous that they're
lined up in front of your door I'm sorry
it was just a joke I'm just playing with
you then it come to life baby I put them
there while you're sleeping yes I can
follow you
for a Brahmin okay no one
Oh Oh buddy yeah I get it
he's autumn and that was to dad Oh
Symphony I have something to show you
what is it do you see all those books on
the ground yeah
underneath those books is something
waiting just for you okay yes your
sticker chart yes your good behavior
chart okay I'll read you what they all
are
Wow after he gets out of the shower
we're going to make the big castle all
right let's get you dressed though good
morning fan basic are y'all doing today
symphony how are you doing one thing and
then freakin bill what are we gonna
build a castle out of this styrofoam the
styrofoam has been sitting here for the
past week it came on it's been over a
week
a week's came in the box is that these
shelves came in I told Symphony we'd
make a castle out of them and we've been
putting it off for much too long
mommy's getting sick of them being in
his room we're trying to get the room
tidy it's just not possible with a stack
of styrofoam I have a feeling this is
going to make a big mess trying to cut
this apart what's the best way to cut
styrofoam you can break it apart Rajani
yeah but you won't get a good clean cut
if you just break them with your hands
we want to make nice straight lines if
we break them or their hands it'll make
a jagged line
scissors make straight line that's true
but they I don't think scissors are
gonna be able to cut through that very
well either but we'll try we'll try some
things maybe key
cat with a knife I'm gonna try to use
hot glue to stick the styrofoam to each
other but on the Fiona it's not gonna
work because it's so hot
do you think it's gone them up to the
start bone you do how you think we
should put together then oh that's a
good idea
so this is hey cut styrofoam with a
serrated knife so this is what we got so
far this is gonna be the bottom of the
castle and we're going to make it a few
stories tall
these aren't glued yet I had four of
these corners that I wanted to use but
Symphony broke one of them you did it
you want to use it for those toys right
see if they fit under there yeah they
fit good it looks like Elsa's castle the
glues working good so far we just need
to glue this in place
Chuck is working good live in worthy oh
this is what we got so far I go
Sydney made this little wall sticking
good I got a little diving board here
this is where the swimming pools going
to go I jump off you're into the pool
and I'm making doors up here on the
second storey symphony we need to see
how taller your princesses are yeah
that's cute I made it for my over not
for me and Pluto okay I wanna make a
door here look I wanna make a door here
okay I would make a door here and a door
here okay
do you like your new castle Symphony put
your dolls in it lots of different
doorways to go in there's three levels
of floors 1st floor 2nd floor 3rd floor
and then you have the roof for the poor
and you have the swimming pool the
diving board off the first floor the
little step to get up here and sit down
we need a bench for right there don't we
go find a bench
I'm sure she'll destroy it within a
couple days you won't I'll take good
care of it ok what are you gonna do
those benches yeah should we glue them
in place
mm-hmm need some dots all right this is
the top while I'm making the dots pop
somewhere stuff a memo I also work for
that only expect to the fuck down
I'm discharged yeah baby yeah pick it up
yeah you always try to get inside we're
heading to our mystery date where we
told mr. I know but I still I calling it
up mystery day because you crash you
found out because I don't know what I
would've done picking up an Elvis oh my
gosh you guys should have seen us
getting ready for this shoot our room
looks like both of our closets well
return is past the time we're supposed
to be there you gotta be at 6 o'clock -
I can't see anything
Oh what look at my dress before we get
there there's this weird wet spot on
there from a drink probably dr. pepper
and is gonna say nothing sure the road
nobody knows about the outfits I have
the cutest outfit picked out it involved
lace fall colors purples teals greens
grey oh and I picked out seeing these
really adorable teal skinny jean mmm
skin tight pair they were not skin tight
battle right I'm not going to be someone
completely different than Who I am just
for a photo shoot I don't wear pants
like that I won't do it for fun
but anyway they were so cute on him
anyway our photographer is her hiram
harem Trio trio this is the exact same
photographer that is the protege of my
older brother Matthew Rader and that's
how we got to know mr. hero however he
got in the top 30 up-and-coming
photographers and junebugs
and then he also got he one image of the
year at the at the one of the biggest
wedding conferences in the world so I'm
excited we we haven't got like really
professional images before so I thought
this would be a perfect five year thing
for us I know it's so excited I can't
wait and I was gonna pay for it but
Matthew my brother who works with you is
paying for it now for my street so let's
think we're here what you guys tonight
so we're children a Baltimore and
Bellevue get our pictures done fun
romantic
I like Hyrum one rule is one rule is we
have to stay physical throughout the
entire shoot life so that's not too hard
to do this is our trio right here
that's his underwear you were Dicky
yeah yeah we're filming and this is Matt
you Matt thanks again for the photo
shoot bro
and welcome he's taking a picture of his
vlogging since this is pretty much what
our lives look like right
you
and to
and you guys even scavenger the last ten
years okay ten years in two minutes okay
simony over there trying to go through
here
- couple of those guys ready
doing some funny shots now
damn get to do whatever you want
time we're taking the shot I looked at
like we're gonna do
I showed you earlier
I already go for it go
that was down
intermission time we're changing our
outfits they're out there waiting for us
we're going to the majestic this is the
majestic so he told us to spend two
minutes and describe to each other what
the past 10 years have been like for us
and we decided it's been like a hot air
balloon explain what you know fire
symbolizes one things in a pee passion
you know just like it started that way
you know
we're in the clouds he has part were in
the clouds
I think the higher the bloom gets the
responsibilities you have in
relationship I guess the more risk there
is as you get higher up boy you happen
to want to lose this one
we said sit
you just don't check on the babies how
are the babies the babies are doing good
it was really quiet when I call so
that's good it let me know that aprons
are like freaking out that's here I'm
doing a stretching before shots it's
gonna shoot like an angled sailor to
this
just like there
everybody needs a little caffeine that's
where we're at right now we just got
done with the photo shoot I am beyond
excited you guys we should have logged
them back in the camera shot that he
showed us it was like amazing so tonight
was a different experience I've been
helping Sam do photography for a long
time now like for years and years I mean
I think it's been like seven years since
he started doing photography like
officially and I'm always on the other
side of the camera with him like helping
him set stuff up like I got photo ideas
and just all kinds of stuff you know
whatever and so tonight was different it
was like we got to be relaxed on the
other side of the camera it's
interesting being on this other camera
how did you feel Sam you're so used to
being in control of the camera I wanted
to pose us say it again kept trying to
be the ones to propose a good how are
you I kept seeing really cool locations
we're walking around Dallas I mentioned
one mission a few but he didn't seem too
interested I was just a fan on the back
of the wrist maybe it's a website it's
gonna be like a survey and get your hand
win $1,000 $1,000 that's awesome thanks
man he's like wait for that camera in my
face yeah like there were a couple times
I turned around a grab to stand because
I'm kind of used to just like grabbing
them behind Sam and I was like wait a
minute those are mine
oh thank you so much great hey man don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other take care of man god bless
for MST
we're here to get the kids Tiffany hey I
missed you baby you get this so angels
right away
it's like you forgot about her he just
got a reminder that he has a mama say my
mother forever
