let's go soon a brooms up to
we join Abram Ava wait I'm confused here
hey everyone this is called Little Book
of Bible dad hey hey there's a room
there is air did you turn to a ball
they by the same guy
but if they hard we've got to live love
to give
in this together we're doing a toy purge
again yeah it's broken you wanted to get
it up rid of it now okay throw it out
here good morning fanbase Nick how are
you guys doing today
I know I've still got the puffy eyes
going on my LEDs are just like killing
me the last few days I don't know what's
going on so yeah we're doing a toy purge
today we're going through all of
Symphony and Abraham's toys their toy
guns are Chloe bosses and we are finding
a significantly good amount of toys to
donate you want to keep it or donate
okay let's see here here's our stack 17
books that she's giving away isn't that
sweet
yes the book areas look very organized
compared to what they were before here's
her little she'll like it
Abram troublemaker we just organized it
all we just did symphonies room and all
the toy boxes and bins and this is what
we got 100 days of keeping it real guys
day 4 oh my goodness so I woke up with a
terrible terrible terrible headache
today I mean it's just like I rarely get
headaches and I'm a big fat baby when I
get headache so Abraham's taking his
morning nap
Sam is asleep in our bed because he
worked last night and I just don't want
to go in there and like disturb him and
wake him up just to lay down for a
minute so I turn on a movie for Symphony
took a couple ibuprofen and I'm laying
in her princess bed her toddler size
princess bed at that trying to just get
some relief for my head I feel like crap
today
so yeah just keep it real for you guys
have any of you guys started doing the
challenge Symphony came up to me she
said daddy I need to tell you something
I said wait let's get the bar if she
said daddy the viewers have to see this
so let's see what this is all about
what's going on here dad yes one day at
Walmart I saw Ninja Turtle fruit snacks
so I got some Ninja Turtle fruits
but you like princess fruit snacks yeah
but you didn't like me into turtles we
went to go see you or scare to see it
but now you want the food snacks mm-hmm
why so you're not scared of the fruit
snacks no thank you up so you know I fed
the fruit stacks might come to life and
beat you up oh no afraid I'll beat you
up okay hopefully these ones won't
either but I can't make any promises
okay if they come to life while you're
sleeping and and they're all like
stacked up by your door when you wake up
in the morning don't say I didn't warn
you okay
because sometimes fruit snacks do or
will come to life Symphony House ballet
so my schedules a little bit different
this week so Wednesday I have a surprise
for Michel you want to do something more
something something together on
Wednesday and the other surprise that we
wanted to do announce you guys that we
gave you some clues for a couple and a
couple orbs back we got a little bit of
an update but still not enough to
announce it okay so bear with us she or
he told me that we would know more on
Thursday okay
so makes you come back on Thursday and
you'll know more about the big turtle
you think I can have one - yes - yes how
about three daddy - is enough oh come on
please let me have three okay wait I got
a better idea how about you give me four
wait how many are inside of the little
bag maybe like three no there's more
than three maybe there's more inside of
the package no there's more than four oh
yeah at least that's probably like ten
made for Zoli Italian stupid zucchini
pasta tomatoes tonight burning at night
as you go down today always it because I
work but I don't work today I was just
telling Sam that tomorrow at first
surprise date is a photo shoot that I
don't know what makes you think it's a
photo shoot because you told me twice
but it first something like it depends
on if someone can be there and that same
weekend right we're gonna go we're gonna
do another one
and so I don't know I just thought maybe
it was the photo shoot oh that depended
on Matthew or something else she guesses
way too much I'm surprised she ruined it
better give me back my crown let's go
cell phones keep this iPhone when I get
the six remember we did that with mine
with Symphony was a baby we did let her
play with me we never would I update
from a 3 2 or 3 g OE nose dinner's ready
it's so cute
midnight snacks speaking a ninja turtle
eight eight
so can I have I can have all of them are
you sure you're cleaning hey you want
one
whoa you almost walked us down do you
guys see that
don't we know what we need to do to get
in the walk feet up a ninja turtle
snacks
you stick your head we caught you
you've been caught red-handed you little
stinker you don't seem to care thank you
I got up there
put him down and watch how fast he goes
to it you know this dude is laughing say
ha I'm up here good yeah big boy
Stephanie never ever did anything like
this Sam and Symphony are putting
together the new school work table we're
not calling it a craft table this time
it's a school work table probably we
might still do it at the kitchen table
sometimes I thought when I was looking
at it the other day I thought this looks
like it might be kind of hard to put
together so I'm okay except these
covering up all the black holes with
white stickers what about these ones can
you cover those does such a great job
and this guy's just clowning all over
the place what's it mean
symphonie good behavior chart and these
are the good behaviors clean my room had
a good attitude all morning had a good
attitude all day shared with my friends
at a playdate didn't talk back shared
with a room brush my teeth without being
told
did my school work with a happy attitude
helped mommy or daddy do a task cleaned
up after or cleaned a mess after playing
without being asked hey all the food on
my plate memorize Scripture anyways guys
it was fun hanging out with you all
today and if you liked our video give us
a thumbs up make sure to check out
yesterday's vlog see what was happening
over there and we will catch you all on
tomorrow's video bye love you guys
within this
we we that we here's our we we yeah pull
them that way go push them every that we
