it's not worth it having those kind of
issues with your neighbor and yet Botox
huge results no results that I thought I
can never make myself together hey you
hey guys guess what Juliet's we're up
Paul we just practice going on the party
you want a drink
we went to church this morning just
Jonesy and I so welcome to our day after
church after nap we are ready to roll
Juliet just practice her potty training
on this cute little potty seat that
daddy got have you guys see me I can't
remember you showed you guys it's just
like this little seat and then you could
lift it up and have like a ring that
crazy it's so cute so update on the
house smell when we got home from church
it did not smell like doggy poo poo in
here so thankfully I think I was soaked
the carpet you know if the stain is
still there but I think the smell is
gonna come on I mean it's still there
don't get me wrong when I walk towards
it definitely should do some more
scrubbing but
oh man it feels so amazing out here so I
think I'm gonna take Juliet for a walk I
Oh what's hotel she don't bite me oh my
gosh you guys how cute the neighbors put
Christmas flowers under their window
sills oh my gosh I love it it makes me
want to go get Christmas flowers I don't
know where I'd put them but like you
know your dog thank you for me Oh cute
you're not gonna walk in your stroller
like this yeah won't you I do I gotta go
change Africa walk roars groaning pole I
said we it could be nicer already Oh
bring me my cat let's go we'll have
breakfast at McDonald's was that noise
OH
every we'll get you half bro is not an
ass that is good morning Panthers
so I got this thing all leveled out last
night let me show you guys something
you're pretty funny how unlevel this is
just so as you can see here guys that
string lines up with the top of that
ruler it makes it one inch as you go
this way
nikhyl far off it is so I got to raise
that side of the house and then even
when you come down here let go far off
of this huge huge difference and that is
what I'll be doing today and it's gonna
be pretty tricky because how high off
the ground it is you get there for Mama
yeah that's so pretty man look at this
stuff guys all this crap right here that
is a roundabout so my goal is to get it
an inch from this line all this crap is
Carl
and that's how you do it leaning a
little bit but it looks a lot better
than dead now we gotta figure out
something dude here in a minute are you
ready for a walk in it
any guys doing over here these are guys
this houses a nice tool man so this is
Symphony tell and then I just now made
this little diagram what's this Symphony
what's this for in your house what's
this mother faster count like this that
was over there this is a perfect door
though cuz it's all like squared off
everybody shows your house Oh ever you
got some wood in your house huh oh
you're painting your house I'm making
some good progress under the house I'm
pretty excited about it's pretty fun
watching it all level out I have some
guy here I hired him in his wife throw
out they're tearing down that barn
little barn next to the white barns
really trash looking actually I wanted
to keep it but last week when I went to
the neighbor's house she mentioned it
being an eyesore from her view because I
guess her window is right on that wall
and behind it it's just so ugly it's
just a bunch of like old insulation and
it looks really bad but pretty much
tearing it down for her it's just a
small way of loving my neighbor you know
you got to find those small ways just
like Jim here he said he owned this
piece of property I ended up negotiating
a price with him and we came to an
agreement and it's paid for now it's
mine now it's not worth it having those
kind of issues with your neighbor and if
you could find a small way to love your
neighbor like take down an old barn just
for the sake of their view that's what
life's about God said love your neighbor
as yourself and then love him with all
your heart those are the two biggest
things that he tells us to do across the
street our neighbor has his cows out in
the pastures I'm gonna take
look at it it's gonna be SuperDuper cute
come on or you'll protect me across the
street okay
cow good job Moo
in my defense that did not take me 33
minutes I stopped and talked to one of
my neighbors for about 15 of those
minutes so all right so I got this level
I move the string a little bit but as
you can see this is pretty much perfect
right here now I gotta work on this like
how much higher that string is right
there
hi guys doing some more leveling we
gotta go home soon I really don't want
to go home I'm having fun listen two
kids playing in the background and
watching like such a dramatic
differences in this house I was like
level it's just so much fun watching
results like this huge results no
results that I thought I can never make
myself you know what I mean for example
the kitchen oh here
remember our cookie that wall was a
level that wall all out the whole house
is kind of should be like this but where
did that girder is it's coming down like
this so I need to put it put this up
looks good I'm a Chinese out of these
cool middle sticks so I put it in dad's
dead so I made it kind of big it's just
big daddy's gonna won't let me so W is
what I made all right we're ready to go
guys no you ready to see mama yeah I
really do miss Jules Symphony yeah I
miss her so I miss getting her up every
morning in time all right tell me can
only get these kids back
bath time is over we've got our little
reading the area right here that's all
clean and she's doing some puzzle Oh
nein nein
welcome home kids welcome to a tree with
several branches out look at this guys
one there one there what the simulator
we're together again and I missed you so
much
I miss you too do you not see me no I
mean so much do you notice anything
different about me I had to do an old
lady thing cuz I'm almost 30 now I had a
facelift
no yeah Botox now I'm trying a new anti
wrinkle serum anti wrinkle serum honey
you know I do though I noticed my skin's
starting to get this like texture tears
you smile long and I asked the
esthetician IOLTA and she was like she
there's a phrase for yeah definitely you
need the serum
she needs the serum but she didn't know
what I was referring to because my skin
it's not wrinkles it's like my skin used
to be like flat silky smooth and now
it's got like this rigidness to it she
called it something there's like a turn
for it and she's like oh yeah that's
that typically starts to happen in women
when they hit 30 35 no I'm sorry I don't
know saying that leads me to a question
of the day question of the day what is
something about yourself that you don't
like tell us down below and others who
are reading it let's give them some
encouragement
let's live on himself guys it's gonna be
home but man I want to be back in Broken
Bow so bad every single night I got the
text I think we're gonna stay another
night I think we're gonna stay the night
no sniffing he was acting sick it sounds
like muscles stay here they're both
coughing but they're not the end of the
day she's feeling better but anyway yeah
I'm just really enjoying this project
really really enjoying it but we'll
catch you guys tomorrow for another
salmony of video don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other come
on down
I need to up my husband game I'm so
sorry
wait literally finish the story
tellurian I watched it do
