are you roly-poly do you really pull my
brother you are my sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to there's
got to give love
in this together you my little Waimea I
just woke up I'm gonna leave for church
late for five minutes I almost decided
not to go I went to bed like at 3:00
something left side after work tonight
again and Nikolas ain't get up hey I
actually was like I'm not gonna bug him
anymore I do say and and then you go up
I'm excited it's not fun to go to church
I mean it's fun no it's not fun to go to
church with two kids by yourself on that
note I wanted to tell you guys something
that I started yesterday what I'm doing
this Facebook child for Nicole oh my
friend Nicole challenged me on Facebook
it's called 100 days of keepin it real
and I'm gonna do it with you guys too as
the point of it is to like share a story
of something that happened that you
normally wouldn't share because social
media tends to make you out to be like
the perfect show-off so yesterday's was
that we took our two kids to a festival
kind of like an all-day thing at nap
time with no naps and the whole day just
kind of felt like we were juggling
around their moods and it was just it
was kind of a chaotic day I mean I think
we kind of left thinking like it was a
little bit of a waste of time but
nevertheless you know we did have fun we
were with family and that's the bright
side of things so I challenge you guys
to do that with me comment below do it
on your own Facebook's
challenge your friends and let's just
really get this thing going there's like
this community of you know motherhood
we've got to keep it together we got to
back each other up and or Parenthood I
shouldn't just say motherhood Parenthood
cuz there are some dads out there you
guys should do this challenge to up at
the dad 100 days of Kimia rule would be
a little funnier than the moms 100 days
of keeping it real
I had those speaking for our church
today I'm supposed to do a little
testimony by my discipleship so far with
Dean
try thickest jokes I could say I'm gonna
call Heath to the front he's come on up
here but you might take it over for me
Sam
- live it up with your thoughts on who
say hey you're psycho check that's a big
topic a little bit para ponerse so he
that I have been meeting together for
about seven months so this cocoon of
Arnold has Keith to decide we're at
first we started off by reading out mark
this mark ready it was a very marking we
decided to start being a book called
crazy love and that's really just been
life-changing is just like a wake-up
call for for me as well as what are you
doing in here hmm
then are you eating in ah nah see Missy
guy Devon did death deep don't you bark
a little bit buddy oh really
so you've been anxious about a few
things goodbye in this to get there to
the ISO down so it's not so grainy
that's what makes a picture grainy you
guys know that I so I call is Oh
sexually awesome whatever so I did my
testimony at church regarding my yard
discipleship with Heath and I think you
went pretty good simply guess what did
hear I talked in front of the church
today I talked in front of the church
yeah they gave me the microphone and I
talked about my meetings that I go on
with Heath are you proud of your daddy
do you think you could do that maybe one
day you'll do it
why are you coloring your cran Danny
look it you're coloring the cran
interesting he has and that's why I'm
gonna call Sammy up here to give his
testimony and when he said that I ducked
down in the seat he's like where is Sam
where is he he's actually looking for me
I was ducked down I was like yeah I am I
went up there I was very nervous but you
know as I was talking I noticed that you
know it wasn't dangerous at all
there was no need to be in the
fight-or-flight mode yes you can
doc that's a song and then WHAM you said
don't hide in the song you don't have to
hide okay thank you for that advice baby
I'm being attacked by the little why man
I've been fighting all I mean is getting
me why are you daddy who's Gary face
roadie kid ice to cuddle with hey Kiki's
you got the little hick oh no no thank
you
he just wanted some daddy snuggle time
so when I was done with this Beach it
felt really good it just like feel proud
of myself and just so relieved you know
and now I feel like I can do it again
Keith Pope you're watching this you guys
want me to preach a sermon in one week
just let me know I'm up for it
ha ha can say rarr can you growl like a
lion man
yeah scary limey did you hear they're
cute yeah that's color time here at the
red house and Abraham's just tryna
interrupt at all happy to be around us
what's it been yeah forget someone my
picture
oh man who oh it wasn't me he does have
Mickey D you have let me count 1 2 3 4 5
6 7
Wow why do you buy me I'm trying to kill
him 18 19 20 yeah 20 T Symphony mommy
likes beautiful coloring over here I'm
aunt anger rhesus is having a buy one
get one free sale on their clearance and
I'm like ok kids are nothing I'm heading
up there I'm giving myself 20 minutes in
the store
because they're gonna wake up I live
about 10 minutes from here store manager
I'm print with her on Facebook we just
work together and she posted that there
clearance is buy one get one free so I'm
gonna have to quit vlogging and look
around and I'll let you guys know if I
get any late the sale is gone I've
literally almost cried but we're talking
about working retail right now I was
telling her that sometimes I wonder if I
would ever go back to retail when I if I
ever had to start working again probably
not I think I would I don't know
I'm taking all my pictures of Symphony
they had like a door of symphonies
pictures they just recently took them
down they're getting new hardware in the
store a bunch of new things and so my
pictures have to come down please Abram
oh good he's been saying it I have him
say please go in a port before I give
him something good job why do me proud
daddy moment was that your first time to
see it yeah what yeah but first I was
adorable crass okay oh you're so cute
you learn this in ballet symphony is so
cute did you guys see that ballet move
she just did I'm always like show me
what you did a ballet today after
classes just like I don't want to I
don't want to
and then like randomly throughout the
wait she was like mom let me show you
what I learned at ballet and so that's
like the second little thing she showed
me dinner is ready and there's no one
here to eat with me where do you think
they're out everyone a went on a run Sam
Symphony Abram and Andrew all went
running they've been gone for like 15
minutes now I had to take a bite of a
roll I'm like I'm so hungry and they
left like right when the timer was going
off I'm like perfect timing
cute little princess here's her little
craft drawers
hey sweetie we're having chicken
birthday
so sandy did you see my facebook post on
100 days of keeping it real touch it so
just go tag the people that I want to
see it 100 days of keeping it real and I
challenge our little neighbors over here
showing up her dance I'm going to brush
my teeth by my self now you're cut
though actually don't need to do that
that's I'm wearing it
it uses get somewhere yes and get fewers
here's my toothbrush no I pictures ash
Mickey good then you better keep haha
but here's a blackberry so you can hello
gern and your mouth and yeah can you get
too much fresh grass wet hi ha ha
moogan ID me like so princessy alright
guys well I'm going to say good night
here if you didn't get a chance to watch
yesterday's vlog we went to a little
Fall Festival Oktoberfest and McKinney
so go check that out and give us a
thumbs up for today's video if you liked
it already well we will see you all on
tomorrow's vlog have a great night or
day have a good day too if it's daytime
run the 80 style today how my little
pinky has going I would like to have a
run on the wall and you'll know for sure
we go bathroom first
I love that hair such a cool hairdo
oh my hair was that cool whoa but
interlock here can't watch it is living
longer people
