that's a good one pretty arm you guys
gotta say I mean I really do like it I
can't see it's pretty cool it's really
as Tagish it's kind of tacky Sh tacky as
tacky
by the same guy loved by the same heart
to live
we've got to give
and this together looks like the
neighbors across the street are moving
honey no I guess that would mean you
were getting it was yeah but we did get
new neighbors at the house makes it in
though oh cool you passing there that's
nice so we're off to the Tonys house
that's the last name Tony all right
Chris and Andrea aundrea Tony st. Chris
and Andrea Tony we haven't been to their
house before so I'm a little bit nervous
about this it's a part of a new
initiative to get families together in
the church Sam thinks I put too much
makeup on I did not say that yes you did
ice actually you didn't he looked at me
and laughs and then I said what I said
you don't need makeup you're already
beautiful enough as it is I wish that's
what he said we're about to pick up her
a little sweet pea she spent the night
Nana's house last night
and to the Tonys house Chris and Andrea
they have two children now who is
Symphony's agent titus he's two years
old so I think we're gonna be there with
a couple of other couples - I'm not
exactly sure Martha and Leo and I think
Dan and Sarah not a hundred percent sure
though the guy I go play airsoft with
yeah it's always kind of uncomfortable
when you're around people for the first
time vlogging because you're gonna like
you just got to get over that hump of
awkwardness you know there is definitely
a hump of awkwardness for vlogging it's
kinda like this go up go down we vlog
with bones so now like he's nothing but
blog around but I'm still a star yeah I
guess it is you don't have a fucking
around Eric I'm not uncomfortable
blogging on sandy alright we're here to
get symphony and there she is
let's go yeah we got her Curt with a lot
of rich people this is their house over
here you got summer it's daunting just
looking at it so we arrived to the
neighborhood and there's these beautiful
houses everywhere I'm already nervous
yeah we were a little bit nervous to
like get there and hang out we haven't
hung out on these people a lot and we
pull up and it's like all these huge
houses
oh all right Stephanie everybody go on
this big beautiful home so once I got
there kind of set the camera next to me
just to introduce people to the camera
you know subconsciously just said it
only my couch next to me you say you say
that mm-hmm yeah I did I was like I want
a reason pull that out you burn my you
hungry good we have
okay so I've heard the term paleo and I
was just like I don't really know what
it is so I've made beef stew a lot like
my parents cooked beef stew a lot
growing up and I'm like what is paleo
beef stew
what is paleo me and probably
gluten-free right does gluten and flour
I think that's the point of paleo is
that it's gluten free so according to
Chris he's never seen a single one of
our vlogs so being at church with
everybody our vlogs are mentioned here
and there like with Bo and he they
obviously know that we do vlogs often
and every time Chris is in the scene
like when we go airsofting he always
makes it clear that he has never seen a
single one of our vlogs so I kind of
confronted him about it and just be like
I'll see you don't see any of our blogs
like say anything I want about your home
and about you and you're not gonna see
this fog I'll never see my cell phone
then hope I'm supposed to say one thing
about your house it's a little bit too
small to watch them all well you got
about a hundred ninety videos to watch
okay one day and they're all 50 minutes
each you guys have our motto on your
wall don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other oh let me
introduce you guys to Dan our assistant
pastor and his wife so there are several
people that the party from our church
and one of the couples that were there
was Dan and his wife Sarah and their
child James hi guys welcome to the logs
this is Dan something he's just such a
funny guy you don't expect him when he
talks he just says something funny when
you look at him he doesn't seem like the
type you guys seem to have a really
young spirit about him though no I've
been around him for very much but even
just like watching the vlogs back he's
just like he's a good storyteller - oh
really oh yeah you're the watcher
Lawrence probably not was in do you ever
watch our videos at Western yeah how are
you yeah cool a couple of them anyway
you look too young to be a grandpa
though no mom she was 20 well I think
I'm married when she was 20 I think how
many kids do you have
not just this way I have two girls okay
two girls so this is your boy Kevin yeah
that's cool yeah that worked out for you
wait for fishing that's Chris and Andrea
oldest daughter Ellie and she just has
the cutest funniest little personality
she reminds me so much of Symphony we
teach her at little pillar when we're in
the class Sara have you started having
cravings yet Anna Sara I'm pregnant
again with their second son that's my
guess it's gonna be a second son you can
tell like you don't like it I can't
drink it I can't drink anything lemon
yogurt should I just try craving when
you're pregnant with favor
Oh with Abram Abraham's cravings were
different than Symphony I just wanted to
eat everything everything we look pretty
yeah I don't know Persian an immersion
coffee really yeah I cannot drink
cockers was coffee as well yes Oh it'll
open Andrea's the one who prepared the
meal for us and I it was an amazing meal
it tasted so good I went back for
seconds and of course Abram had to point
out the dog all right for the first time
you know it was like we have to get it
all really I don't want to say it out
loud I think that God they have is like
perfect perfect oh my gosh I was the
only week that showed a lot though
oh yeah but see that's not a big deal I
mean we don't have much carpet and they
can deal with it and their old houses
carpet so that's true I thought about
that was like if their whole house is
carpet and they can do on this dog then
we can do it
it looks like mama a little bit doesn't
it the dog is cute like Nia I feel good
so a few people from church have asked
us to fight them over to our house like
he throws out but I'm like our house
isn't really like friendly for guests
it's small and it's like we have small
children and there's toys in every room
and I don't know a dining room table is
one of the biggest issues yeah we have a
dining room before chairs we have a
fourth chair still in the box
cool you guys do it sure made a good
point we could just do it Indian style
on the floor yeah I got brand new carpet
in here there's no reason why we
couldn't set up little tape the little
table mats many Z's this will be perfect
look we could use these as table mats
yeah yeah you mean you'll let us borrow
your house just like me buddy yeah you
just say hey we're having people over
no she'd have to do the cooking too
though yeah
we would have to borrow your whole house
for day that's the only way to do it
we'd have to stay the night wake up and
rico's it's called toffee I think it was
what was called trophy I think it was
supposed to have the texture of coffee
but the flavor of hot cocoa and again
Dan had something funny to say dan
you're a fun guy I'm gonna make a new
friend
trying to make a frame out of you oh
yeah Jeff was there too he's a really
quiet guy he's the lead guitarist at our
church he's a he's like an amazing
guitarist supposedly he has like 26
guitars what that's crazy
he like uncannily is that the right word
or is it cannily it is time canny
can we looks like no healthy fried
balloons so we got to try a new dessert
today which is fried bananas I've never
had that before and you guys don't we
love bananas around here like as soon as
I came the house I saw the bananas a kid
in the kitchen I was like Abraham's
gonna spot that was quick
he didn't buy into my fried bananas and
supposedly sheep fried him in extra
olive oil which made him healthy
compared to you know fried in grease
so actually burger means it has less
than the holidays
even though that this is Martha she's
obviously really smart about cooking
Martha Stewart we should call her so
which one's the healthiest yeah I just
got a flash tattoo no Sarah is getting a
flash pretty arm you guys I gotta say I
mean I really do like it I can't see
it's pretty cool
it's really Aztec ish it's kind of tacky
Sh
tacky as tacky we had a lot of fun all
right guys we gotta go
Sam always anytime we get together with
a group of people like at a restaurant
wherever he always makes this joke about
how it's a joke it's not just a joke
it's a joke about how like the people
real minutes it's pay for our tickets I
just say guys I forgot my wallet
you have my covering oh my god does
their stuff like that it's just good
joke I've told him time and time and
time and time and time and time again
sort of a joke doing that by Chris I
told Chris to take $10 from me and put
in his pocket I said we need to come
back down right before we leave I want
to ask you if you could help us with
gaps because on the way to their house
I told Mia that we should ask him for
gas gas money because there's such a
long trip to their house she's like you
better not Oh Chris I was wondering dude
this was a long trip here this one you
see it was like 10 bucks just been
busted and the prank didn't in there I
got in the car and I was like Sam is
that your ten dollars please just uh me
and he just kept going for five minutes
after I left the house she was worked up
about it though so I'll say honey it's
just ten dollars
I'm like exactly we don't need like
breaking a sweat it's literally the most
embarrassing thing we does that you know
my idea
it's just alright guys thanks for coming
along with us today don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other just
like we love each other even when you
make stupid
Oh
