hey guys how are y'all doing today so
I'm going to be doing something a little
bit different today in case you can't
tell it's also with me and my girlfriend
I was tagged in my first ever mommy tag
I did so I got my favorite moms over
here and we have put together something
kind of fun for you guys so the title of
this tag is called mommy scenario and
we're going to list out a bunch of
different scenarios and how we would
handle it with our children and I
thought it would be perfect on Sadie and
Tessa here with me because you guys both
know their faces and their names and
they've made several appearances on our
vlogs so you guys just sit back and
enjoy maybe you'll learn a thing or two
or maybe you will have a thing or two to
teach others you know
scenario number one your kid reduces
season do you stand your ground and
demand that they eat what you made or do
you give in and make them something else
okay okay well this is what we made for
dinner tonight so this is what you're
eating or you're not going to eat dinner
okay so what you saw is pretty similar
to what I would do I would just tell
symphony you you're either going to eat
what I cook for you or you're going to
go hungry sometimes I'll just leave it
on the table I'll let her get up and go
play and say okay when you get over
you're ready for snack listen to me
you're waiting for you nine times out of
ten she eats it but there have been
times where she goes to bed without
I've all been there that's what I do
scenario number two your kid has a
meltdown while you're shopping at the
store do you take your kid and leave the
store or do you grit your teeth and
continue your shopping today I do not
leave the store absolutely under no
conditions while I take my kids on the
store in my opinion that's just teaching
him that they can control your situation
we came this
so we cannot get the juice today but
maybe next time we can talk to Daddy
I just find a way to calm the situation
down like whatever it may be if I have
to take out snack that's already my
buggy give me the sack do you want to
hold you guys I've never left the store
I've never liked opinion-makers out nope
takes too much time to back in the car
take our kids to the store with us we
don't yeah I know me like the kids don't
stay home with the hubby he's usually
working or sleeping you know either they
have a tantrum now at the store or
they'll have a tantrum later this but a
lot of times when I'm going for the
store what I'm going to the store for at
that time is dinner for that night oh if
you do not stop friend you're gonna ride
in the buggy
and scenario number three your kid gets
too many birthday presents at their
party we've all been there I feel like
me very recently do you return the gifts
to the store or save them for a rainy
day
okay cuff you got tons of toys for your
birthday you know we're gonna do with
your old toys what are we gonna do with
them yeah we're gonna sell them on
Facebook or we're gonna donate them what
am i doing very similar with you do
sorry we're not donating the toy the old
toy is then I either put them in a
closet and pull them out on one of those
days where it's rainy
everyone's fuzzy look there's nothing
for always to cool we can't even shut it
all right Ben is depending on the size
of the story if it's finally
acknowledged by us
like they've been really good that's why
things are they like
today we're potty training with Natalie
so like so she can get this toy if you
go old a when it is dry sounds good
right it's a deal all right scenario
number one our kid is refusing to go to
sleep do you give it at 3 a.m. and turn
on a movie or do you continue to read a
story rock them the state nursing them
etc until they go back to sleep symphony
is it nighttime what do we do when it's
nighttime are you going to sleep
is that a yes or no
symphonie though at four years old like
she doesn't really good my point
she just hasn't worked I'm going to
sleep what were you doing and why do we
not see I hear her playing in her room
when she supposed okay then you need to
stop playing and go to sleep
nine times out of ten she'll do that so
he runs a little different if he's not
having like another all-out tantrum I
just let him cry in his bed for like
five to ten minutes and he always goes
back to sleep lately
scenario number five you have enjoyment
and no babies do you reach age well or
do you take the kids with you I would
probably take cup with me I have one
he's bored he knows how to sit down and
well I only have two kids and they're
both at the age where they can be
entertained pretty easily so I would
just take them with me
ready for you okay okay so good in the
make scenario never since you have 20
minutes until unexpected company arise
the eruption clean up the house or you
just let it go hey oh we got a clean
okay really that depends on who's coming
over it was one of these two I would be
like oh they understand I've got kids
it's a good minutes life they can
probably attest it up - always strong
with toys like everywhere but I would
have a scene in the hall I would
definitely run a clean-out probably
throw everything into one closet or
everything into like somebody's room and
then close the door
scenario number seven we're running
really late do you choose to your hair
or your mango we are running late does
my hair look okay oh thank you I did it
really quick in the house I'm gonna do
my makeup real quick when we stopped at
the stop sign up here okay my mascara
and eyeliner
even if I'm already in the car I'm on a
stoplight whatever else within obviously
that's what I do use you guys on my
tinsel I do half of my hair and half of
my makeup so it kinda looks like I did
both what am i really long really had to
choose only ones to do I would do my
makeup
remember at the park and another child
pushes yours do you intervene and
correct the child well how do you go oh
no she did left handed to me at the park
really and a kid that's bigger than my
kid push another kid that I took there
that's all I watched them to see what
happened like I just kept watching them
see it happened again that's it
well I don't know if everyone do this I
was just like they were up top I was
down here so like hey hey hey hey guys
Thanks well one and a criminal we take
turns
all right so what Katie mine - lets
Anthony go first and then you laugh at
her okay okay well that completes our
mommy scenario tag how'd you guys like
it
everyone's kind of starting to fall
apart it's way past nap time so we're
gonna kind of cut this off here I'm
going to be tagging a few other mommies
here on YouTube so make sure you check
out the description below and see if
you're tempted in the comments below let
us know what you guys do in these
situations or make your own mommy tag
I'm tagging all of you guys as well
thank you all for coming along on this
bonus little video that we did here and
we will see you all on tomorrow's vlog
have a good day happy mommy life look
don't forget we love you and remember
buy a t-shirt
but their nest
a bit too close hit the too far away I
don't know like everybody feel good
my husband and his stupid deer that's
nicely
