before Abram gets a snack in his mouth
he has to crack it in his hand in his
donkey he's such a little macho baby my
brother you are my sister
by the same God loved by the same
mom
we've got to give
in this together we're doing something
pretty special today Sam and I for
Abrams first birthday we are trying to
document through photography my first
year and Abrams as a breastfeeding mom
and son good morning Pam basic well it's
bright out here
whoo come on oh hi our doors kind of
tricky you have to lift up on the handle
yes you get it and it locks kind of
weird the door shifted after I put it on
or the house shifted rather man I got to
change the setting on this camera there
we go Mia was all washed out some of the
footage in the previous book pretty cool
idea that she had she's kind of I guess
she already explained it associate
unlock the door
stutter blog guys like my shirt this is
another save the stork shirt this is
probably my favorite one we already took
care of one picture so far we did one
where she used to be kind of ashamed of
Nursing right you were kind of ashamed
of those things that what it was what
happened
my mom had a face time loss she said
simply I really emotional when she
watched a video no no my baby girl hold
it I'm gonna bounce and laugh do you
need
this one is right it's right
why wait till the middle of a Coon's oak
night sky rocket inside afternoon so
we're off to the restroom we can't
decided we're going to use the boys or
the girls but we need a stop be the
basketball patterns have mirrors for
your here I know boys bathrooms did not
have mirrors hey know you're giving
blond donate blood we're on our way up
here and seems like we're gonna go in
the men's restroom but it won't be pink
is that okay
like oh my gosh he totally hasn't always
thought that women's bathrooms are pink
you know all women's restrooms are pink
boys are blue girl are pink not sure
they mad that means I checked the
restroom you stay here
going in
all right so you want to sit in the
urinals all clear
no man oh yes I will not go in the girls
restroom I won't do it it is much more
disturbing for a woman to find a man in
the woods if I find that the coast is
clear you can sneak in and go in the
handicapped one and just wait for me
there they don't you have to know you're
there then you can just sneak right out
yes I'll do it
my gosh you're saying do it I will not
go in there bill rush due-dates away
mommy's in the boys bathroom so how'd
you like it in here this is like the
same from that side it was so good no
because you were like stay in there a
guy came in here a guy came in with pin
a urinal while she was sitting in a
stolen TV do you know I kind of peeked
through the crap and I was like why is
he standing over there I didn't really
lose doing my life is next to me in the
so I just like don't think that way my
wife is very honest I guess very naive
maybe she just doesn't see this kind of
thing there's no idea I might actually
pee I never let her watch me go pee
that's a joke maybe we shouldn't talk
about this right now I have my own
silhouette shot reflection shot selfie
shot Nursing shop so how'd it go today
honey so far been going good we're not
done yet we're gonna take a break give
Abram a nap and
just repair Abrams awake that means it's
time to go back out
we can't get it up for that face and get
it up for that face we're all to our
next location this is a coffee house
called the life house me where are we
going to be doing here oh I guess this
is like the closing segment to our photo
shoot of my breastfeeding journey
breastfeeding especially in public is
not something to be ashamed of it's not
something that we should feel like you
know bad about doing I don't do it often
but you know it can be a glamorous thing
it's very beautiful and natural and it's
the way I intended our world to be a new
permission I think yeah she's got a lot
to say okay hi everybody
yes we're making a documentary today
guys my wife is the milk king okay what
we just finished that was like the most
embarrassing thing I think we've ever
done together as a couple
look that's pretty embarrassing we went
up to a couple of guys one young one
older a father and a son was
embarrassing he's just a little bit
awful Kriegers says the one who didn't
have his boob out for an opposite-sex
it was pretty embarrassing but I mean I
don't know it worked out sure it's a
natural thing I still do not breastfeed
in public you know I don't like just
whip it out wherever I mean if I'm with
it but oh my gosh stop the symbolism of
you know the open portion of the photo
shoot which is to show that I have
become confident and comfortable with my
breastfeeding journey
Nana watched symphony for us while we
did this photo shoot I think we're done
we may end up doing something else
instead of that public shoot we just did
just because it's mostly guys knees
right behind us
hi Nia hey this guy's heavy open up
please come on hi hi what's your name
Katie oh hey - you have - Katie friends
what do you see nothing we're just
playing Plato's I know what what are you
building out play-doh
we're building you teeth teeth oh cool
and I'm Nicky that tongue meeting
that's hilarious what do you guys know
you making a mouth for this guy oh
that's cute um but he doesn't have any
teeth yet so where's this front incisor
is that what side incisors these are
your incisors the front teeth you got
lower incisors and upper incisors then
you have your canines and then your
molars and then you have your wisdom
teeth in the very back
and this right here do you know this
part is called right here can you feel
it in your mouth feel it in your mouth
your house bumpy on the roof of your
mouth ha ha ha
zip me up here turn your finger over
like this that up there can you feel
that that's called your hard palate so
this is the hard palate yeah that's the
hard palate good job make any subtle
boom yeah so it's down here last night
100 this is back here pick up that right
deep in there now the tongue goes on top
in the mouth but way back here is the
epiglottis ohh
or you can just call it the oropharynx
beautiful key don't you look amazing in
the sunlight I love your sunshine
how was the run guys good good dinner's
ready
beautiful weather right now is a perfect
time to run really good night Wow what's
it like outside right now Symphony just
gotta let it from our bank and it says
we were identified as being at risk due
to the security breach at Home Depot
so they'll sending us a new debit card
does that work big account so low right
now I think that's why I'm not to
contact Home Depot it's kind of scary
news never got something like that
before we're gonna eat dinner now guys I
wish there's enough food to have you
guys join us but just didn't yeah yeah
thank you
so we're gonna go ahead and let you guys
go now but you know I gotta remind you
that we love you and remember to love
each other actually I was gonna vlog
about one little thing
what oh don't forget tomorrow is
Abraham's birthday celebration so we're
gonna have his birthday party tomorrow
so I should come back and join us for
his birthday party and in light of
Abraham's birthday party being tomorrow
and the fact that the past few days have
been extremely busy I'm gonna redeem my
coupon for breakfast in bed tomorrow no
she didn't hey I thought you forgot
about that book breakfast in bed
try to suck it off my lips what the let
it go I want to kiss you
do I know right
