oh man this whole vlog in first thing in
the morning I'm like golly
you guys are getting sia side of me that
not a lot of people see I guess a lot of
people see it now my brother you are my
sister made by the same guy love but if
they wake up to
there's mum
give Oh
in this together today's Abrams
birdsburg leg I want you to make me I'm
necking yeah okay
we don't have pancakes baby oh happy
birthday
it's like he knows you at your birthday
Vidya Abram loves it banana first thing
in the morning one year ago today at
this time I was having the worst pain
I've ever had in my entire life I didn't
have contractions with symphony but with
Abram I did and it was crazy
this is present right here oh is this
president no need to tell uh-huh would
you you know be quiet what you gentlemen
it's a baby doctor Symphony what are you
doing right there and it Tunes him oh my
god mr. so silly
she sure symphonies having a snack and
I'm sitting here and looking through my
time hop I've got all the pictures of
Abram on my phone from when he was a
newborn he was born at 1:16 p.m. exactly
a year ago today so I'm gonna share with
you guys some of the pictures that we
took that day can me know that Abram
okay so this was when Abram was first
taken be a c-section and I got to see
him for the first time there he is when
he first came to meet me we were just
getting ready to nurse for the first
time or actually I think we had just
finished nursing for the first time
because he wasn't crying anymore that's
right that's his first picture of Mommy
and Daddy it's hard to tell but he's
smiling right there there we are in the
middle of the night one night in the
hospital me holding my baby you have all
my pudgy face going on little guy he had
a bad rash oh there he is laying with
blankie
when when did he get her in the hospital
he just had a rash he wasn't hurt
there's symfony the big sister she was
at Nana's house while I had Abram
wearing her big sis dress that I made
her ready to go home it's first bad
looks like Abraham's ready to open up a
couple of his presents today yeah hey
ridi face you can't have the vlogger
only wish my son a very happy first
birthday I love you Abram and thank you
for giving me you this presents to Abram
for first birthday from uncle David and
Aunt Rachel my brother David and his
wife yesterday this is Cynthia me love
mission
that's to you this is fun evil stamp set
what do you say baby kid duckie
achoo achoo achoo a toy ah it's a water
teether good Wow Lydia was getting ready
whoa thank you I was really sweet Rachel
David we love it it's perfect and if she
loves her stew and the Center for mobile
mania tops mobile mania and my brothers
and his wife's business they do cell
phones everything you can think of for
cell phones and mobile devices like
city's ultimate mobile phone shop okay
that should look to creepos halos
package it came a long way came all the
way from Florida got a flashlight look I
almost bought one of these yesterday
from the neighbors
all right Symphony would you get Abram
on this Abram look tada so Abraham's
gonna be a doctor too just like you two
doctors in the house
let's check the bottle in the doctor
quick baby it's vibrating yeah oh cool
maybe you can be the doctor and Abram
can be the nurse hey dr. t I'm sure my
townhouse is ever coming for me
look how long they are can you trim for
me mm okay trim my toenails daddy all I
do is bite my toenails can you bought
mine for me I didn't like her that's
okay sometimes my feet are so bad come
on really kid yeah so you gotta clip
them oh you know we need to do today we
need to start find a place to measure
Abraham he's whina hey what are you
drawing cheating I'm putting a 1 on here
I was gonna paint it and then I
remembered that I had fabric markers so
um I'm just getting this one ready cuz
we're gonna go take some pictures of him
in a minute reading a book on his
birthday simply reading a book on his
birthday too
oh that's sweet good daddy and his
daughter like you and me
hey guys how's everybody doing we're
gonna go eat lunch for Abraham's
birthday we're gonna have a birthday
lunch for this little guy what do you
want to go buddy hey he's brushing his
hair right now getting all ready wanna
brush sissy's hair too oh my gosh that
big
Cynthia where should we go for aprons
birthday what would he like he like
chick-fil-a we found Symphony's pet
grasshopper written on the wall
tell them simply cut-o cut-o daddy fit
but I never tell what's right it's okay
like would you guys believe that this
ice-cream was only a dollar fifty look
at all that ice cream think again it's
hollow they trick you
I watch it go on slides but it's not
even your birthday but daddy huh but I
like slides okay you could go on the
slide it most not your birthday
why aren't you coming up here Volga
Nvidia view coming up there Oh
Abram figured out how to climb up the
little stairs that take you to the slide
and it's so cute
took it forever to figure it out he
finally got it he's so proud whoa weed
Sam I think this is the first prize huh
Abram hi buddy
hey bro we're all up here trying to talk
Abram and take everything this little
wall I guess you don't want your video
of here we're gonna do a little
compilation thing over there I was one
year birthday here he comes
come on home why do you be shy diversion
yeah I see the ice cream Oh what you
doing sir hey remember down the slide
and we'll record us with my big camera I
am
we're number all right buddy ready all
right you will we yeah we're down alive
they will see there's nothing to be
afraid of
oh man that's why these it ah need some
waxing hi guys
Sony and our mega parents today we've
got like three cameras on yeah Mia's got
her phone I got my SLR and then I got
the Sony NEX ah yeah
and Andrews our little assistant and
your position right here
Yeah right there parent step it's just
right there okay yeah Justin have like a
scream come still hey guys I'm just
getting ready to do one year old shoot
what I do one-year-old shoots I like to
warm up the client like this
I go you are you only to make you you
need your picture little guy oh he goes
that's how you warm up all right do idea
I
Symphony's a good helper oh I do too Oh
smooth moves there you go oh yeah yeah
there you go
uh-huh yeah smile smile Buddha cam
oh yeah coo coo coo coo coo oh yeah
there you go
Oh a big boy there's Abram he's in an
Avon window
we were walking just down the ship in
Cairo and there's an Avon store set up
and their theme in their display window
with salt monkeys which is Abraham's
theme oh yeah come on DJ go ahead
everyone's in the sock monkeys
look at the little baby of his play
which is the baby are you selling the
baby are you selling the baby out there
oh oh you son you mean he loves him
there I need one of these friends this
is not my choice of frame but it's only
when they've gone I need one for his
party many was looking at these toys
going and I'm like it's his birthday
should I let him pick a toy he I know
he's looking at this one cuz he's got
that at home riding in the big boy buggy
we got our pictures sit down you just
make your heart stuff is it your
birthday or something is it your
birthday or something hey guys guess
what it's that time we had 603 shares
from like the previous four videos or so
a lot thank you guys so much for
participating in us you guys are awesome
so we randomly selected three people -
we'll get t-shirt our very first printed
t-shirts and one will get a wreath and
then we're going to three shoutouts
randomly selected as well foreshadows
the shirts we have Petra Cole's B and
Chantelle Gonzales hope I got your goals
B and Chantal Gonzales thank you ladies
so much yes make sure you send us a PM
on our Facebook page to take care of the
shipping details and for the wreaths we
have Tiffany Betterton again my gosh I
wish we had like poppers to like send
you guys from capetti and so now for our
shout outs is just you know thank you
guys so much for all that you do on our
channel for being active commenting
liking sharing it means so much to us we
wish we could call you all out by name
but we just went ahead and selected
three random ones so number one is Lydia
Olsen hey girl how you doing
number two is Alice Thompson what are
you doing us Thompson thanks for
watching her Channel
and then Brad Stevens Brad Stevens hey
buddy how you doing thanks for watching
man I really appreciate you yes a lot of
women around here the fourth shout out
that we want to do is actually kind of a
different type of shout out and also a
little mini surprise for our hundred
thousand subscribers so we've been in
communication with the Holloman family
LeAnn and Donny and they are parents
they've got five children and Donny I
don't remember how old he is mine oh
he's fairly young and he was diagnosed
with Alzheimer's disease early onset
Alzheimer's disease so they have a
GoFundMe account and we'll post the link
below and we just want to connect with
all of you guys as a family you know we
want to branch out maybe maybe do things
like this a little more often and just
really come together as a community to
help our we want to help you guys
I know we've asked you guys to receive
help for us but we really want to UM you
know get all of us together to help each
other on our in this community so this
is together
yeah we're in this together exactly so
land Hollis Halsman Holloman Holloman is
our first at this yes and if you guys
can she's trying to save $5,000 so she'd
take the whole family to Disney World so
if you guys could do this would be so
awesome we'll put a link to the GoFundMe
account in our description so go check
that out and maybe give a dollar if you
can't give dollar fifty cents even 50
cents will get them probably there we
get 10,000 subscribers in about a couple
weeks if everybody gives 50 cents
because some Disney World how many kids
are there they have five children five
kids come on guys this helped them out I
just can't imagine we don't have our two
kids and I can't imagine if one day you
know Sam couldn't really remember those
kids I would I would more than anything
want to create a memory for my family to
have that would be just really lasting
for my children god bless you guys thank
you so much for reaching out to us and
sharing your story and all of you guys
for sharing your lives with us and
allowing us to share are so detailed and
you know we just love you guys we're so
excited and and don't forget we love you
whoops not someone finger
don't forget to love each other
