you are my sister made by the same guy
loved by the same heart we've got to
live
no world will know
in this together good morning everyone
we just finished up breakfast and we're
about to make our homemade laundry
detergent right Symphony hey you're
gonna be my big helper right
we also kinda all just rolled out of bed
so that's why our hair all looks like
crazy yeah so I'm doing it a little
different this time we're going to be
using the Zoet flakes they're equivalent
to two bars somebody making two batches
worth today because I got the flakes the
flakes just save a lot of time and they
cost the same so I was like I think I'm
gonna go with that today mmm
oh you need breaks and washing soda
watching borax chop chop chop chop chop
chop symphonies finishing up the laundry
detergent for me during her school work
hour while multitasking and having a
snack quick Hobby Lobby trip getting
some stuff for a wreath I am gonna go to
town on my wreath tonight and unless Sam
goes to work that I might that might
hold me up a little bit but one's a
feather yeah why do you always like
those feathers Symphony think you so
sure Oh
heywhere Samphan ii did you make a
friend in mine did you ask her her name
no no what are y'all sharing there's two
Me's oh you have so many eyes in there
that's pretty cool my shelves are on
their way in
look at him back
hey bro is helping the big boys go down
fast
oh it's made a good picture for the
thumb no baby it's hit by car yeah see
look we did the wheel
hmm you get hit by a car he really did
get hit guys but it's gonna make for a
good blog title right oh we just put
some stuff underneath the wheel what are
you kids doing you kids up to no good
you guys selling stuff
neighborhood kids are selling stuff what
do you guys selling yeah yeah right
where is it
salmon here salmon what near came in
here they do like frozen Chozen sir
ladies well we do family vlogs mostly
paid on buddies my pleasure what day my
luckiest day why did you sell something
20 bucks
did you really come on I'll be on you oh
wow that's awesome dude yeah put you
guys on YouTube you'll be on tomorrow's
vlog we post a video every day look at
that that dudes threat we're on this
road no all right over there
scented candle yeah it's not here
halfway burned okay
how much is it how much is it how's it
going it's only 20 bucks it's a
half-bird candles pretty you know
mysterious what would this you got in
there what are these things flashlights
that's nice
I'll give you 50 bucks I lost my wallet
I lost my wallet so you guys going up to
go to the next house plus we're broke
sorry good luck kids how do you know
we're broke have any money okay
Marissa knows all about a financial
situation he's like the big football
coming ahead of said tommy game see how
blue here's the white balance doesn't
change very fast on this camera just hit
the type of button
I should re-evaluate white balance Matt
takes the other thing all right kiddos
you ready to go everyone's got it cool
good job honey you go bye guys I love
you I'm gonna go try to put that photo
order back into walmart.com because
yesterday because yesterday it didn't
work out and Walmart with me we don't
have your order
sorry about that hey I feel like the
luckiest girl in the world right now
step one to my shelves going up what are
you saving them for over there we're
gonna build something we're not sure yet
Zoe on the bill hey and I'm getting
organizers for it it's gonna be awesome
my wings and fly
where's the next one here and that's one
hey daddy get that off your head Shifa
you don't put bag on your head that
could make it that could suffocate you
it could get stuck on your face and you
not be able to breathe and then a kill
you you don't put bags in the head ever
okay just put it behind your head like
that you can wear it like that it's a
cape it's a gold parachute hey
I'm making swimmin pitch ever lifted Oh
Jeff show me this one pool oh that part
okay so what is the block right there
that's where they hate down how's it
going finding the boxes you need it's
going terribly
I want one collection where it's like
you can get multiple sizes I don't want
just like a couple sizes and then I've
to gallium in actually since like get
one that's a solid color you want that
as a design yeah I'm going for 20 here
right now I don't like that that design
Symphony I got something for you
it's a couch for your Barbies yes how
did you make you I didn't make it it
came in the other box Oh what is it do
you want it okay
what are you doing okay here goes the
last piece of the shelf theme hey it's
going in here it goes yay this is the
little pattern I think I'm going with
when we went on our anniversary date Sam
got some more contemporary I guess you
would say or like a modern style of
shells to go above his desk and he's
getting ready to hang those now so we've
got my craft shows up he's getting ready
for his death shells up and I'm making
wreaths I'm on my fourth wreath time so
I'm pretty productive that one and that
one
those last two you saw will be auctioned
off on my wreath page probably some
point this weekend on it's pretty busy
weekend with Abraham's birthday being
tomorrow and his party's on Saturday so
that's my plan we'll see it's up here's
our cute thick modern shelf I like it
what do you think Sam cool was it
tilting I'm just over here minding my
own business and all of a sudden I hear
that
we can't get to go flush against the
wall so putting a little screwing in to
stab into the wall so I'll keep it in
place on the very end yes Sam he's
hanging it up the shelf yeah you can see
him in the computer - how did your
contraption work out it's like 1:30 in
the morning and I'm just back here
putting stuff away from all the wreath
making I did tonight look how cute my
shelf is turning out I'm just trying to
get stuff out of my way for now but I've
just got like random little things on
here and I seriously love it I've been
holding onto these little tea cups for a
long time now to put like scissors glue
sticks paintbrushes it it's not going to
stay like this but I just really like
having it like this for now I like
having all my stuff set up in front of
me instead of all piled on the table
it's so cool now I just gotta go through
all this oh the camera looks nice up
there I like the way that looks these
are Sam's shells he put up tonight we've
got random stuff in the little squares
for now but whatever isms
I love it so cute you did a good job Sam
thank you shut up all my girls I cut all
these up tonight it took me an hour I
may be making some Halloween rates of
girls well before we say goodnight I
want to wish somebody a happy birthday
mr. mark tacker
I work with him as family watches our
vlog Jamie's his wife Alex's his son and
what is our name Victoria and he has
another son and I can't remember his
name I'm sorry man you know who you are
but anyway happy birthday to mr. tacker
44 years old the big Bobo me you want to
see him have a birthday happy birthday
to you happy birthday to you happy
birthday dear mark happy birthday to you
all right guys don't forget we love you
remember to love each other
for they missed
shouter
