I'm just I am so mad now I was sad but
no I'm mad because I know that I didn't
sit it down somewhere I've located it on
Sam's phone and I'm trying to call the
Terrell Police Department and see if
they can go to the address where it's
located out which is very close to
Walmart like it it almost just seems
like it's the person is still at Walmart
or something
my brother my sister made by the same
guy loved by the same heart we've got to
live
we've got to give
and this together Avram is so sweet
sleeping it's time for me to go to the
grocery store because I skipped
yesterday and we have ballet this
afternoon so they kind of have to take
their naps at a certain time today yes
no we go to ballet after our nap later
Hey so this little guy over here will be
one in two days and his birthday praise
this weekend the theme for his birthday
party is my first year in a flash we're
gonna have a little photo booth there
and so I got props little photo booth
props and right now I'm looking at candy
I'm gonna have little jars full of candy
and at first I was thinking colorful
M&Ms like by the theme like black and
red because as kind of the colors of
this party and a little teal but now I'm
thinking it's gonna be hot outside we're
doing it at a park maybe I should do
like starburst ha starbursts and
skittles and maybe some airheads anyway
so stay tuned until Sunday's vlog
because then you'll go to see Abraham's
birthday party it's gonna be really cute
it's kind of a smaller affair than
symphonies obviously do I look like I've
been crying you guys that's because I
have because my phone got stolen mom's
at Walmart and no I did not set it down
on a shelf I leave my phone in the same
spot and I specifically remember sitting
it down inside my buggy with my list
open and now and it was gone when I went
back to it and I thought oh maybe it
just slipped down in the basket so I
went to go check out nope it wasn't
there I called it from those customer
service does and it went to it just
forward it okay so I located my phone
and now it's out of the county I am so
mad I have to like call and I did like
and over the phone reporting for them I
have to go or have an office or meet me
here at the house and make follow
reported man yes okay they found my
phone it was a police officer that
helped us find it
oh gosh this was so worth it we've been
here for like an hour the kids need a
nap stephanie has been laying a little
bit and I see police officers can help
they're not just scary isn't that nice
that police officer helped us find them
that's my phone
yeah yeah yeah this is so awesome here
oh no they would never do that unless
you break the law so we don't steal like
someone stole mommy's phone I think
they're here with my phone yeah they
found it trust me thank you so what
happened was like did you find someone
with it or like well she's got the kid
grab this I can't grab it yeah
Oh like somebody said her child grab it
today symphonies in ballet class already
I couldn't get the vlogger out of my
person time before she ran into her
classroom so we're about to walk across
the street and get a drink I am so hot
and it's been a long day I left half of
the groceries in the middle of the floor
isn't that crazy that they found my
phone I'm just like are you kidding me I
can't believe this happened today it
just seemed like such a little whirlwind
part of my day
the sergeant guy asked me if I wanted to
press charges on the lady who they found
my phone with it was a young mom with
five kids with her they found her back
at Walmart I don't know the tracker on
Sam's phone showed that she went home
like to her or went to a resident
but then the police found her back at
Walmart with her kids and I was pretty
sad she blamed her kid saying that the
kid reached in my buggy and got the
phone out and stuff which I'm pretty
sure I would have noticed that the grown
up can you know like sneakily get
something out of the buggy and it can be
like a quiet affair but a kid a little
kid reaching in a buggy to get a phone I
mean if they
I'm writing today we're not peeking
around
you
favorite Cooper walk he loves it outside
Hey hmm right guys I'm gonna hand y'all
off the stand for now unfortunately
can't take you guys with me today this
is hard waking up and going running some
days it's hard like for today I really
just want to keep sleeping I really do
want to keep sleeping same thing I'm
very sleepy it's not all about you
yes it is is it not yes not yes no no no
yes yes No ah gotcha
bye guys enjoy the scenery
nah I'm just beaming is it he's super
dad or what I love it okay guys so in
the light of everything that's happened
today I still have to put away groceries
I ended up putting away the cold stuff
today when I came home but I left
everything else out because I had to get
the kids ready and settled down how to
put everybody home for a nap but I had
to get symphony situated and dressed for
ballet and then oh one thing led to the
next and I didn't get the dry stuff by
the way so yeah I'm supposed to be
having a little play date later on and
since I was you know held up at the
police department half the day today I
my house looks kinda messy I saw some
pictures of him starting the painting I
love showing up my room oh you wanna
play a lot oh my gosh I know isn't that
like the best blue oh sit honey are you
gonna climb the wall new broom give her
her space buddy I did good at Turks the
other day so I was gonna see how she did
today oh are you gonna share clean up
she's like sure I'll share you just take
over Abram the babies are playing so
good together what are you gonna do with
all your baby symphony okay different
site that was sweet tiffany loves this
baby
I must gosh you guys how do you like my
photo booth props for everyone's
birthday party I'm having a lot of fun
with him over here
no I'm just kidding I'm having such a
dumb mood so yeah I'm laying out some of
this stuff for Avery's birthday party
just kind of going through the loot that
I got today I had some pictures that
were supposed to be printed out at
Walmart I ordered them online and for
some reason they were not there today
like the order was completely missing I
went online I said my order was not all
the way processed but I swear when I
ordered it it would said process like I
click pay and like did the PayPal thing
I don't have
well anyways guys I guess I'll let y'all
get back to whatever it is you were
doing before you decided to watch this
and Minya video thanks for watching by
the way and I hope you've all had an
amazing day or I hope you do have an
amazing day much much better day than
what I've had today what with the whole
phone getting stolen and all and I will
see you all on tomorrow's
