Wow
made by the same guy loved by the same
heart
we've got to give
in this together the second training for
a little pillar today and the last one
is gonna be next week
so me and Avram are up early and I'm
getting ready cereal bowls and stuff
ready for Symphony and Sam so that here
in just a little bit I can wake them up
and I can start getting ready because
clearly I need to go get ready what you
got there Symphony yeah hey my mom was
concerned for me that I'm not getting
any sleep today hey dude
show me shirt a broom youtuber thank you
yeah she's concerned I won't get any
sleep today cuz after church we're going
to go to her house and I'm gonna join in
on the church baseball team
we're softball team so as you can see
I'm wearing my stork shirt today
save the storks just an organization
that helps bring ultrasounds to women
who are thinking about abortion I was
going to have our pastor you know say a
couple words about it let me see if I
can find them so I went in to get Bo but
I ended up with this guy this little
player
this is a player short or a youtuber I
bought it because I thought I said
youtuber vinay yeah might be player
here's a player whoops that was on
purpose
so boy I just want to ask you a couple
questions about save the stories just I
guess what's that what's their mission
say the stories yeah say the storks is
this awesome group that is committed to
helping pregnant women make the very
best choice possible and so what they do
is to have these vans that they've
commissioned and you know decked out
they're awesome and they have a sonogram
machines inside of them and they go
around and they drive around they they
give pregnant ladies free sonograms
specifically women who are really
struggling on what to do then they have
an overwhelming success rate we're
seeing babies born and healthy
relationship started so it's just this
is awesome group of people that just
love babies and want to help women make
the right choice
and also help them after the fact get on
the right road to being mothers so how
does our church support service stores
who is supportive some yeah right now we
support them financially we've been in
touch with them and have communication
with them and I would love to see even a
greater partnership in the future I saw
that they've actually started in Dallas
yeah they're Dallas banks am i correct
yeah that's awesome and they have them
all over the country yeah their goal is
to spread to like kind of every area
they can but those vans are really
expensive the sonograms management the
machines are really expensive and so
they have to do it they're getting as
much support as they can and they go to
a next another town know some other time
so how can our viewers help is there a
way they can yeah I think I think the
easiest way to find out how you could
maybe find out more information about
saving the storks but also how you could
help them is by going to save the storks
dot org and all their information is
right there you can find out everything
you need to know and also if you are
young mom who's looking to make
decisions they they're great people to
reach out to and they'll help you oh
cool thanks Bo appreciate it so you guys
heard the best from Bo about save the
storks such a CO organization if there's
any kind of organization that I would
love our channel to stand for would be
something to you know save babies I love
babies this isn't like one of those
aggressive type organizations that put
judgment on the women as some ones that
do it out of love they just go on the
streets in front of the abortion clinics
and they ask him you know if they would
like to have a sonogram before they make
this decision so it's really cool
organization check it out guys save the
storks that's some really awesome
t-shirts to leave these it's not this
like twelve of them or something is
pretty cool thinking my mom's a dress
you dress is in the door
Pizza after church this and was taking
his nap the kids are just in there
playing with Nana for a little bit and
then we are gonna go to a baseball game
I am so pumped about this I haven't seen
Sam play a sports in high school and it
was soccer lose me awesome maybe a
cheerleader Candice and Adam are here
what are y'all playing in here are y'all
at the dentist doing play-doh Wow
symphonie got it all set up for you guys
Sam's only talking about how Matthew
asked Alexis to be his girlfriend it's
official what did you ask her what I
asked I should sit across from into Tara
that is that you want to be my
girlfriend yes Sam's getting a warm up
for the game
pushing a room up to the stands I don't
know what's here what is the baseball
lingo for where you sit do you sit in
stands bleachers I don't know
guess I'll find out there Sam he is he's
gonna clean his heart out poor Sam he
has to work tonight he got up early to
go to church with me because I did your
training okay I think he got like maybe
a two and a half three hour nap and he's
gonna be so exhausted at work tonight
okay I've never played baseball but I'm
gonna go out I'm gonna give it my best
and this guy is my little cheerleader
here's my team I'm the only one wearing
what shorts kind of embarrassing does
anybody got a go for me whoa whoa what
you got a extra girl for me Lou I'm
probably not gonna catch the ball anyway
yeah just to look good you know just
have something on my hand he's teaching
me how to slide into base like that okay
I think I can handle that the problem is
I got a bad shoulder I'm not going to be
able to throw very much probably have a
pretty good arm otherwise so yeah our
team is the Black team look good Sam
hopping around can y'all see him he's
like where is he like right over here
like in the white shorts right there hey
kitty what are you guys doing in here
this time out there Sam he's stretching
he's getting ready Sam and Heath are
having a little powwow on the field I
love watching Sam play this is like the
cutest thing ever
we've been waiting for you all day the
whole the whole time the whole oh my
gosh isn't it funny how they look
alright yes we were just talking about
this morning
pillar cheerleaders and the stand here
they're like swatting handstand miss
most of it
okay so Matthews just been recruited to
take this guy spot because he's got to
go to work little boy you're gonna play
in the close Sam yeah I even fun that
shirt there's my brother warming up boy
sweatshirts I'm wearing Matt shirt now
it's kind of thing on me
I never realized Matthew is that much
bigger than me you have anybody know
you're not happy are you so proud of
your boyfriend whatever you do does show
me up bra
we just went on a mile long walk and a
day like today requires more coffee so
I'm making my all-time favorite iced
coffee so one of you guys got symfony
this cool book the best ever craft books
for kids I'm sorry I don't remember
exactly we got it for but I really do
appreciate it it's awesome this is the
first time we've tried a craft and
actually we are attempting to do this
one
the ballerina and instead of a car and
we're gonna make a little poster for her
wall so symphony picked out these papers
which one has the ballerina on it and
which one has the tutu on it symphonies
and as you can't get fish named after
that we know that's gonna be pretty
together
now listen symphony I got to tell you
something though mommy's not the best
drawer so I'm going to try to draw this
adorable ballerina Freight you and then
you color it in but I'm really not that
good at drawing so I think it's gonna be
okay
you think I'll do it okay job here's my
rendition of the ballerina before she
was drawn and this is the books my
tissues how did I do Symphony great
Wow that's looking really good Symphony
thanks mommy
Symphony decided to give her ballerina
black tight gaining leg warmer oh and a
green bow Wow sis that's creative oh
this one looks so cute
good job Symphony painting because as
you guys can see symphonies ballerina
works out a little bit more on this side
of her body Abraham's reading a book
while we do a crab
II mean II know those shapes huh you
look Moody but cute you're a cutie Moody
look how cute she looks I love it
what a symphony colored her hair bow
like that because I like my muscle there
we go right side
she's all that that's what she looks
like Symphony you did such a good job a
story to Abram alright yeah
don't you always shake it in your nights
with these two joyful little people oh
oh wait you can well hopefully oh no
maybe you're starting your day with them
either way this is a joyful way to go
about your day alright guys don't forget
once again just want to say 100k
subscribers we are super duper pumped
about it we are just so grateful God has
lost our family so much by giving us the
extended family you guys and just by
opening our eyes to this new world of
YouTube you know it's just totally
become like a new way of living for us
vlogging and you know just we have
different goals and dreams for our
family and just our life now and it's
just amazing what God can do and you
just don't even know it's coming
sometimes so anyways you guys all have a
great day or night and we will see you
all on tomorrow's vlog wow that's a big
number
100,000 subscribers I got a show
don't forget
