underneath this paper towel is where I
make a fire today right there how we're
gonna do that guys she's having bagels
and bananas for breakfast today good
morning guys it's a beautiful day it
feels warm outside I have to show you
guys something it's very reminiscent of
having a newborn look what's been laying
around the house lately burp cloths
because Juliette's had a runny nose I'm
just kind of keeping one of these with
me so I can wipe her nose instead of
using her bib or her shirt or my shirt
all right no siree you are here's your
choices okay guys someone just had a
really good nappy I think we might go do
some Black Friday shopping after all do
you want to go her nose has been not
running and she's been seeming to be
fine so I think we're just gonna go to
one little shopping center in Rockwall I
have two things to return at stores and
I also have something I'd like to pick
one of em basic how're you guys doing
today welcome to beautiful broken boat
oh my we're gonna make a fire today slip
these transparent how we're going to do
that we're gonna do it with matches
where we're gonna do it with your
magnifying glass really I think we
should try with that just try it out how
many perfect oh gosh can't daddy look I
burn it right there guys it's okay guys
don't be scared
put my name like this yeah do it
how's that burn Hornick at
hey Julia let's get out and go shopping
are you ready to get out me say hi one
bunny rabbit and all your bunny clothes
alright guys these are the jeans I'm
wearing right now they're like my
desired fit of a jean but a while ago I
bought a pair of dark jeans from ok here
we go here's what they look like you
dance
oh wow that looks fabulous on you
darling so fabulous
hey mrs. skate really for articles of
clothing and too many dollars later and
now I'm heading to go return some things
of Symphony's pick yeah that's exactly
what I came in for you guys I'm getting
bored she had these sets you guys have
seen her wearing them in the vlogs
little rainbow-striped fleece sweaters
that she's had since she was 5 and she's
now seven and a half and I'm gonna get
her the size seven eight so they'll
hopefully last her this year next year
and the next
last four three winter next is this
please pretty
guys get out of town there's a brand
here called Mia I'm Mia immediate
seriously I should get it it's my name
here if you help me pay to get my baby
she's tired of being in so she's a pain
so well what a good girl let's go shop
for daddy yeah damn if you're watching
and you think you're gonna get a sneak
peek well then buddy you got another
thing coming to you cuz I used to win
I just heard a tree fall guys it's true
I just heard it myself if I would have
been here it still would have been there
think anyway guys the leveling has begun
I have a stake here on this corner at
stake on that corner and I have this
line I found this line in the shed was
like it's the exact line I needed a
bright pink line didn't have to be pink
but a bright line so I'm trying to
figure out how to get my level standing
up right here magnetic and doesn't have
to be perfect but needs to be relatively
straight okay so far so good
we're on the horizontal beam there it is
right there this is self leveling you
just put it up and so it's gonna be so
as you can see it goes up here it's too
bright out here you can't see it down
here it stops here but you guys get it
so I'm going to line this up with that
line and then level the house with this
string and can you pass me the drill
Andrew
during so since my laser is not visible
outside I'm going to draw a level line
all through this the kitchen the living
room the hallway and it's all going to
be a completely level line now if you
look at that line right there on that
wall that's a perfectly level line and
I'm going to measure from that line to
those joists
okay now if I turn it off the line is
still there is that awesome guys or what
so now I'm going to turn this back on
horizontal line do this room and try to
get around the whole house guys now I'm
shopping in hazel not handle it smells
amazing says Raleigh Taylor's a girl I
didn't know you work in here close
what's your job what'd you do
she's working hard in here guys just
believe okay little one let's hop back
in the car
Wow what's that you found that's so
pretty here we all done shopping we
actually have a little bit more shopping
to do at Target I know we were just
there the other day but we adopted
another family we are in charge of
getting Christmas gifts for a
one-year-old little boy just put the
past couple hours crawling under the
floor in there and boy it is rocky man
it's not soft soil like most homes are
on let's hit the kids aren't - what'd I
tell you kids about don't doing that
alright Symphony what are we picking up
we're getting chocolate cream crackers
marshmallows hotdogs and
cough drops are we gonna roast the cough
drops no remaining
 cart for this little place
nourishing this shopping cart in the gas
station you guys see hot dog buns here
you go we need hot dogs now look at this
doggy she like guilty or what yeah uh-oh
you're not really in trouble so guys I
get home and I open the door up and I
pick up my bags to come in but before I
come in
I'm like slap smack in the face with
this disgusting smell but it doesn't
quite smell like poo though I'm thinking
okay it's not the diaper genie
maybe there's a bottle somewhere but no
underneath this paper towel is where
Oreo had poked the night before oh my
gosh you guys look what I see in here
jewel she got really quiet but I know
she came in here thank you ma'am how did
you even get into this phone can I have
it please
Juliet let mommy have it thank you so
much good job I stuck parenting win that
like never happens I gotta celebrate it
you know what I mean whoa do you guys
see what I'm seeing
do you see the stripes going up and down
the screen but then over here it's not
doing it what that's super weird what is
that so I can't what we're here to show
you guys that I've got my nephews are
going to try to aid in the smell but
it's making that cool little weird Chevy
thing on the strings I don't know what
you guys just saw but yeah
how you like your marshmallows do you
like them in s'mores or do you like them
just roast it or some little bird
question of the day comment down below
you see what I got going on guys got at
the end of the board
a marshmallow
everyone's not feeling good guys the
moment we came out here he wasn't
feeling well he started coughing and
hacking tippity was too
symphonie seems to be overcoming it a
little bit better the neighbor him so
he's hanging out in there watching
wreck-it Ralph and he's refusing to eat
a hotdog at all cost you won't even take
it in the microwave won't eat dinner
he's like no no
put your marshmallow on there
how's that I don't understand what
you're saying aha
oh you're saying aha yeah I said awesome
all right now it's time to bite into
mine here oh I hate when the chocolate
doesn't know how do you get the
chocolate to know of door hi
I know it's perfect actually
everybody missed an out buddy hoping I
refine their screen screen alright guys
we will catch you tomorrow thanks for
hanging out with us here in Oklahoma
that's that's a great name simply Savin
a broom snake but we had some really
cool bonding time together she was just
so cute telling different stories and
stuff that's so precious made some
awesome memories are you alright guys
don't forget we love you remember to
love each other
we did this will look after FaceTime
oh geez
all right guys we are about to hit the
hay and we will see you tomorrow I'm
sure you're having such a blast with Sam
and the kids and okay it's not worth it
having this kind of issues with your
neighbor and you're both on it huge
results no results that I thought I
could never make myself say please
that's pretty close
