we're getting ready to leave we've got
all of our stuff packed up over here and
just getting ready to head out and have
a very late breakfast early lunch
whatever and get on to our baby Sam's
mom said that Abram was really sick last
night or not last night this morning
when he woke up he had throw-up and
diarrhea in his crib so that's pretty
sad
my brother you are my sister made by the
same guy loved by the same heart
got to give
and this together morning y'all
I was going thanks honey I gotta show
you this bathroom before we go okay
Luther catch lights in my eyes what
those awesome they're like squares one
of my pupils that's the kind of a lot of
photographers go for different types of
catch lights and when you look into this
mirror you get a perfect square it's a
really unique look
I simply hi why oh you look so much
bigger do you look do you look of it all
did you grow up over the way that why
have you been drinking a lot of water -
uh-huh I've been getting in the water
like in Andy's room did you get a lot of
sunlight - because you need sunlight to
grow
I am getting sunlight right here your
ballet feet so cute drop pointed yeah
ball point you like a ballet dancer
stepping-stone oh that was nice you've
moved it this time can you say thank you
chase
thank you change last time he didn't
move in II ran over and broke it in
little pieces there's lot chase so
today's a big day for me and symphony I
have not taken symphony exploring for
the past couple weeks I haven't taken
her explain this week yet or the
previous week or the week before that so
it's been three weeks I have to take her
to three different places today I feel
really bad about I get kind of
overwhelmed I think about it sometimes
that I actually missed two weeks since
I've been working on the room I guess I
just been distracted check out my shoes
don't make fun
look look at this look at this
yeah it's not about me it's about this
cute girl so where are we going first
symphony all right we're going to a
junkyard that's right we're gonna go
explore old cars tow trucks
exactly he's like mater from cars do you
know what a car wreck is oh it's when
you brake the car
thank you yeah so when somebody likes
doesn't pay attention to the road or
somebody there you're well sitting in
our bummed out right because cuz it was
close that's right the junk car was
closed what a bummer
look at all the cardboard yeah this is
the one that recycle cardboard and then
make new boxes I guess look at all this
stuff look at all that it's just stacked
so high
and it was the timer that the people
have come back to work no we heard an
alarm huh guys nine nine thousand nine
hundred and ninety three subscribers we
got seven more subscribers until we hit
a hundred thousand seven more of you
guys we're gonna get a hundred thousand
thank you guys so much we really want to
throw a party or something but it just
didn't happen we're just too busy
everything has hit us you know at the
same time of year news news birthday
symphonies birthday our anniversary
April's birthday's next week what else
this new room spend a crazy around here
very busy yeah
Batcave
put the Batcave okay
Tiffany's in her room going no no son no
no son no what Abraham's trying to get
into that's what she's saying but now
that we picked out the shells it's time
to get this room really put back in
order soften trying to get our bookshelf
over here organized I guess there's
really any organization to do to this
and so I've got a couple of old cute
book in squeezed in the middle there and
I'm slowly working on it
Symphony is helping me declutter my
first ever wreath storage this is from
the first year that I did wreaths and I
haven't cleaned it out since then yeah
tiffany has been sniffing her markers
why have you been sniffing your markers
because they smell so good
they have flavor all right what are the
purple in smell like whiskey let me go
get the box okay and I don't know what
this point for a you see what does it
look like to you it looks like a grape
to me it's a blueberry so the blue one
is blueberry yeah and the purple one is
great yes and the and the brown one is
tape does that tape it the cinnamon roll
Steve what is blue flavor daddy I just
told you juice fruit punch
okay I'm sorry and weep daddy I just
told you boom there it is guys wow
that's a big number 100,000 subscribers
I got a show name so crazy guys thank
you so
honey come here I won't show you the
computer real quick are you taking I
think I know the party time oh my
goodness
thank you guys so much thank you
everyone who likes our videos every was
picking out hundred thousand subscribers
that's pretty cool but I don't know what
to do okay we'll have to show you we
made some shirts one do a little contest
and hand them out to you guys I'll show
my knee Gaston with the bath but anyway
thank you guys so much thank you so much
for just subscribing to see my little
brother and dealing with us in the
meantime Andrew they did this for you
buddy okay that's all for you man okay
guys so we made a shirt me and I
designed it ourselves to kind of
represent our channel and the first to
ever printed we want to giveaway to
celebrate 100,000 subscribers so what's
his shirt honey alright so here's the
front and the back don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other you
know we kind of use the play button to
play in playing on the play button the
plan do you love it
okay so these are the rules to get your
name in turn into a drawing for some
free prizes we're gonna have three total
prizes two shirts and then I'm gonna
give away a wreath in order to get your
name and they're drawing share the vlog
from our anniversary dates on Facebook
and we
we'll choose three names in a couple of
days to give these prices to are you
guys excited we made it all because of
you don't forget guys we do love you and
remember to love each other
remember to run each other by kinda took
separate questions on facebook on
marriage we pretty much just brought
we're sitting in bed a nice been a
buffet and we thought it'd be fun to do
a marriage Q&A so we're gonna read some
of the questions and do some quick
answers okay here we go
how does him propose we cover that and I
just got down on the knee and
