ah
ha
you are my brother you are my sister
made by the same guy
by the same heart
not to live
not to give love
well
and this together she ship she's in here
watching our vlog let's posit first like
we're getting ready to go on our date
get the office all set up see there
I call it my frozen office or the frozen
crafter right the colors looks kind of
like a frozen thing Andrew Bevo's here
to watch the kids as we go on our date
tonight and she'd like to use this chair
um can we sell Missy's after this better
yeah we'll wait till after the fight
angels playing the new game of destiny
I'm gonna play tomorrow he said I could
play it tomorrow right Andrew hey you is
what you want I'll be bow I said me how
are you I'm good
happy anniversary you know here it is
for us
fifth year ten years together a whole
decade that's crazy isn't it hey look
what happened to my GoPro case where
I'll do the painting
what uh what do you guys doing in here
you guys gonna come along with us today
well packed it ready to go
just gotta get mama gotta get mama now
are you ready for my anniversary
Oh for mommy okay bye everybody
yeah let's hit the road celebrate five
years of beautiful beautiful love I am
opening up from under yeah thank you
so what she got me was surf bonder
high-camp
cordless glue gun oh my gosh this is
amazing oh it comes with its own stand
which is perfect as I need it look like
it catches the flu right there oh hey
yay
I waited I follow us everywhere The
Container Store we found what we did I
think though we come she says we found
it I kinda want to give away me but I
really love it let's show know she likes
this one right here just something
simple metal little shelf can we can get
at the restaurants or the restaurant use
this Oh
she likes this one I really love this
but not this color isn't this perfect
for my stuff you guys and I can get like
little books right here I mean not books
but like my storage boxes could sit here
and we could pick some out over here and
what's even more perfect it's made of
wood and a five year anniversary is wood
okay remember that I know I kind of said
I was going to get this for her birthday
I already said that but I guess doing
the room was her birthday
yeah the room of the birthday the what
is for now guy we were just talking
about what we were doing right now five
years ago five years ago right now we
were at her uncle's house setting up for
the wedding here we go they're loading
shelves
I don't think it'll close like that
we get some syrup you guys won't go with
this I know you do you guys been
following us everywhere
hey guys you guys really want to cook
balls everywhere today you don't want to
eat it
Cheesecake Factory you said that Risto
ever like whatever like today for sure
all right knee is presenting me with my
anniversary gift
yes I did rapidly and I am empty-handed
okay I'm sorry I'm if he handed oh are
you serious we just got like three
million shelf so there's nothing this
sidebar what did you get me sweetie here
I just want you to open it and then I
have some them Sadie who are you going
with it
Oh cute
laughs
folks so light
it's made of wood yeah it's all
completely made even the orange even the
orange flecks inside is a certain type
of wood room yeah
so
um where'd you hear the spicy chipotle
chicken pasta definitely spicy
I got a salad and the pizza you just
look so good Hemi penis would you pick
what is that lemon meringue cheesecake
lemon lime I'm not picky that's a big
piece of pie approach this problem bite
and I'm gonna be done one bite that's it
yeah
okay I think I'm gonna have to have a
couple more bites couple more and I'm
done okay
Sony and I are sitting here having some
deep conversations we renewed our vows
to never use the word divorce in our
marriage without before to never do it
you know when we got married without
that never use divorce and today we just
renew that Bell never use the word
divorce separation or any synonym of
divorce or separation or even
description of the word about leading
one another so we make that promise to
each other again tonight
yes begin
and right now we're discussing things
that we can do to better our marriage it
is so cold it's crazy the valley I was
wearing a jacket
I always a cold but our stomach hurts
Romana kV boo I had one too many bites I
probably had about 15 bites of that
Cantina koozie
hi guys
you beat us here Wow unbelievable look
who's here they're here they're waiting
for us guys were here
how's it going pretty nice room right
you guys saw before we did pretty nice
view I'm sure you guys already saw it
but it's pretty cool you look at
downtown Dallas guys we are staying at
the Sheraton again we stayed at the
Sheraton for our fourth year anniversary
yes we did yes we did this is okay yes
we did we were actually hoping that we
didn't get this year and we did the
whole Priceline thing where they pick it
for you to go if it's a shared and
course and the Sheraton we don't get 7's
hotel so I'm big deal but we were hoping
for something different they don't even
have a hot tub when it's freezing today
you really want us why I really want to
get in some water it's such a bummer
like the one day of summer that it's
cold it's actually cool today seems like
we're just in a hotel right sort of a
wide angle right too much wide angle can
make it one sick oh it's so cold we
don't know what to do we're running to
the car you're back cramped you told the
viewers about
you go first
he's turning around now I got these cool
seats they flip go ahead honey you got a
issue one right backwards put this one
too
pull it all right you sit up there this
time and I'll sit right behind we're
trying to decide what we want to do but
it's just so cold outside I made it from
here for the weather it all needed bring
a sweater she did bring Jackie she's
running now
short so stubborn stinky Pekin oh yeah
sure me and I just woke up from like an
hour-and-a-half nap we sat down in the
bed read our new books but we just
couldn't handle ourselves you had to
take advantage of the free time go to
sleep so now we're going to be up to an
item shoot so why not get some Starbucks
pounds
Jake's hamburgers
so funny I guess
take it out there and
either he's representing sorry from the
inconvenient ladies and gentlemen but I
have to make a pit stop it
run away troll any man
the train is turning around right now
and I'm just hanging out normal uptown
station right across the street right
over there
the concert is going on Kings of Leon
again we chose a weekend when there's
something big in town and a lot of the
hotels were all booked up
and he is sitting right over there
I wonder if I could get out right now
probably sugar it's actually kind of
raining outside to you guys here Kings
of Leon back there
blue cool see the lights change
guys hahaha what the heck you guys are
lost too
yeah we can't find a car we just got out
of Starbucks and we're walking down
collab nyan which we know we've parked
on but this guy playing the banjo right
across the street of the earnest little
apartment not cool so we're in a taxi we
got so lost me a taxi and now we're
trying to backtrack and get back to
where we were I got to take a left here
game you're making it yeah we definitely
took a left right here guess what guys
in the end I found the BG the Big D
that's actually a big be in a big G and
you make the I in Dallas this kind of
tradition in Dallas it's like big things
happen here in Dallas you're standing
right where it's at
what are you doing out here oops capture
all over this stupid car oh honey Oh
guys feel like you could do this Nia
wants me to live the car up here and
just a little pressure look at this ice
on the wheel just a little bit Oh cutie
it's not what happened I'm so annoyed
this is our phones are dead by the way
if we forgot to mention for the dead so
we pretty much got away for somebody
call help or something
we're gonna be here all night list of
police car stops by but somebody could
pull us out that'd be great what's this
guy doing maybe he's gonna come Horace
turn around if anybody wants to know say
I was checking on this building over
here to take Symphony's flooring it
wasn't me tie you oh what a mess I was
like whoa whoa whoa whoa she just said
well she'd say stop I'll just say what
honey see something cool you know when
you're driving up you know it smells so
nice out here helping us okay yep okay
yeah you got to make sure you say the
right place you can bend your body I
know what my car you guys do it a
certain place
I think he lives on
this is where we're at now we're making
like a little bridge yeah lights are
good Santa's getting a workout in for
our anniversary
they're doing digging bitch really all
right you guys gonna scoot back I don't
anything pop out at you guys
we made a little ramp for the car to get
back up on the road with some bricks and
boards oh my gosh this is like suspense
factor
hi guys
similar window
this time you guys are invited to come
back into our room with us okay sheesh
it's pretty cool though that we have to
involve the police with that a little
accident we had or a tow truck we have
to put out any money or get a ticket or
worry about doing a sobriety test so
that's cool back in the hotel what to do
now
all right guys we took some questions on
Facebook on marriage we pretty much just
wrote we're sitting in bed eating spend
a buffet and we thought it'd be fun to
do a marriage Q&A so we're going to read
some little questions and do some quick
answers okay here we go
how does him propose we cover that I
just got down on a knee and I confess my
undying love and I said will you marry
me in our spot we walked our spot okay
next one mmm if you could get married
again to each other of course would you
do it the same as the first time if not
what would you change I wouldn't change
a single thing me neither it was perfect
our wedding was amazing best day if you
had third if you had a third kid what
would you name it give a name for each a
boy and a girl what would we name it
name it um if it was a girl I like the
name of Harper yeah we liked Harper and
if there's a son Bob I really liked what
I was a I do like Bob um if you could
store up only one hours worth of memory
in your mind which hour of your marriage
what do you want to remember I think the
hour like starting right out when Nia
started walking down the aisle I just
remember how happy I was and I would
want to always remember that feeling I
had of my bride coming towards me yeah
and mine would probably be the hour from
when we were done taking pictures like
cutting our cake in the dance
so on because we had a really romantic
dance in the rain okay so basically both
our wedding night
yeah what is each of your funniest four
most embarrassing memory of each other
while you guys were dating and already
married and I'm mean laugh out loud pee
your pants funny this is more on the
embarrassment side besides pee your
pants funny but you did say embarrassing
or funny um when we were dating Sam had
a performance at the AIA
at the ice house with his band and they
pulled their pants down like steaks and
well it was embarrassing / funny
but we were teenagers so it was also
like borderline we had boxes all by the
way yeah it was just like I don't know
it was just so totally them I don't know
it was embarrassing and funny at the
same time so but I don't know that was
that's one of the funniest things one of
the funnest things Nia has said him in
recent memory that can remember tonight
with our car without the curb we had one
wheel into the curb she actually asked
me to get out of the car and lift it up
lift the car off the curb and I'm back
up to the run she was dead serious about
it I cannot believe I was like I was
like are you serious right now you
seriously I wasn't gonna be the
collector lift the car it's just like
yes she should got out of the car and I
was watching her go round through the
inside of your show she just you know
just lift it up a little bit I can't do
it but you can't I cannot believe she
was actually seriously out it I knew was
that funny see hilarious everybody who
think it's funny she still think I could
probably just have lifted the car over
that curb did i hears it jack to get up
off the curb okay what was the song to
your first dance together do you
remember what was called yeah wasn't it
that one um God you just been thinking
about me yeah it goes when God made you
he must have been thinking about me yeah
thank you good job
um Sam did you cry when you first seen
her walk down the aisle how did you
react Oh give the best reaction of all
time of in
I've ever seen and I've seen a lot of
grooms because we do weddings I mean the
classic best I am the luckiest girl in
the world
Meeny I bawled my eyes out yeah it was
just like so oh gosh it was so perfect I
I felt like in that moment like wow like
heat Wow he's crying he is so in love
with me it's not just words like you
know actions speak louder than words and
those actions really like spoke to me
yeah so I cry that bawled
I was so stressed out and so nervous
before the wedding
and as soon as I saw Nia come through
the doors at the end of the aisle I mean
it was just like television everybody
disappeared it was just her and me
and I just started bawling so sweet have
a nice honeymoon night for Michelle
Jensen thanks guys for the questions
does really fun and don't forget we love
you remember to love each other happy
Anniversary honey
happy anniversary
Oh No get out all of you guys go on no
way
get out not this time Go Go
fine
