just really really bad news so we did
some touch-ups today and the paint
turned out to be a little bit of a
different color and the guy swore up and
down it was gonna be the same paint so
Sam just grabbed the paint can not
returnable that's what it says
by the same guy loved by the same
to live
and this together good morning everyone
symphony and I are making some french
toast over here what's your job Symphony
what are you gonna do we're gonna go see
what daddy's up to what's that Daddy
doing hey just cleaning up back here
what are you making in here Symphony
Symphony awesome and that's gonna be
where you go in right over there
quote it I love it poor Abraham's been
getting kicked out of symphony a minute
give him fun in there
well 210 it's really cool looks great
doesn't it jinkies why do you want to
because one's gonna be first Scout
anyone's gonna be from me okay available
but she was just went down the whole
aisle checking every single penguin to
see if it would open up going no no no
we just got some more paint so I don't
know if he already told you but the last
coat I had to do to cover up some of the
streaking that happened with a spray job
was a slightly lighter color after it
dried on the wall so but then refunded
us that paint that I had already used on
the wall and they gave me a free how big
is that a cloud Corp sure it's a quart
they gave me a free quart of a different
kind of pain that I think is gonna match
the previous paint that we had got kind
of frustrating they have to paint again
Danny it's okay to have to paint again
is it really why because
it's okay then somebody's gonna help me
so you didn't get needed shelves here
they just don't have good options do
they no but I'm ready to get those
shelves we need to get my stuff
organized it's starting it's stressful
we can have orders to make and I'm like
digging through boxes to get all my
stuff like big boxes that are packed
full of my stuff but we're going to get
it tomorrow when we go on our date I've
been long group on looking at fun stuff
for me and same dude I found I found a
really nice hotel for only $69 a night
and then studio movie grille also has
some really cheap tickets like $5
tickets
we're gonna make lemonade
yeah lemonade and then we're gonna pour
them into our little popsicle holder
tray and then we're gonna enjoy it okay
pour the lemonade over into the pitcher
wait okay let's catch it a little closer
there you go now dump it awesome good
job don't get our water and so I'm gonna
put 8 cups of water down in there now we
got to get some ice cubes and yeah what
color do you want to make it I don't
know yeah okay let me get around now
guys
Oh Teddy thinks this is awesome
symphonies Teddy had to watch us make
lemonade now I'm gonna put them in the
popsicle watch mom
Oh careful feeding drain
we'll put them in the freezer now good I
hear the printer coming on so excited
the blinds are up now just waiting for
my shells
don't break it Andrew seriously I just
bought that oh my goodness I could just
imagine sitting here working looking at
this beautiful wall oh my gosh here's a
desk from this angle huh it looks so
cute we both agreed that we don't care
for the color of the desk anymore
especially this updated room but it's
whatever yes
everyone trash on you or something so
when I was in high school near me my
older brother Matthew his girlfriend
Katie and my college we're on college
college ears huge we had a photography
club called the assassins I did kind of
an environmental portrait me and my old
bedroom deck on my laptop my book Mia's
on the wall this portrait was us we did
a challenge theme with hands needed this
new you did this one this is Nia's
portrait of me my twin brother Matthews
pants wrapped up I wrap this up for
Andrew for Christmas I add you'll never
get ready for Christmas obviously so
what are the other challenges we did was
our theater in West Point which is the
oldest theater in Texas and here's a
picture this is the one I did Spiderwick
Chronicles needed to this photo and
Matthew did this photo that's pretty
cool yeah that's the oldest among its
reindeer in the state of Texas my
crock-pot meal for tonight while I'm
going to Bible study we're about to eat
it before I go I'm getting ready to head
out in just a little bit you're gonna
sit down and eat with everyone first
I love making stuff like this because
Abram has such a help
over here it's like baby food but it's
food all smashed up you're in luck
it's okay don't be afraid the doctor
building no sister it's not it's not
he's hurt Oh doc mcstuffins good and
mommy's headed off to her Bible study
and I'm at home with kids for the rest
of the night we were to predicament
go for a walk can you grab my foot buddy
floppers what's right left right great
we're going straight guys I'm just like
sterling down in the playroom over there
I'm gonna start to get really sleepy so
I got the next few hours I ain't got
time to sleep
plus I slept all day yesterday and night
so bye bye mama
we love you so pretty those are
everybody put a shirt on she it's fish
mailbox toys what is toy toys on that
side to waste
we're playing the color game I say a
color and she has to find it you guys
got a color how about orange that is
kind of orangish find a brighter orange
you see yellow lunch
Mia said I had 45 minutes before they
would want to get out the bathtub but
the book thought already Cindy's on the
toilet Em's out here scream that card I
everyone's really excited about this
banana can you say but none thank you
this is the last one baby anyways we're
at the dinner table here in a big banana
sharing and daddy Siri daddy he didn't
say hi hi viewers and I'm sharing
mommies at under her Bible study are you
full yet buddy you almost had a whole
banana all I wanted was a banana banana
man I'm so happy he's all giddy now so
cute
okay we're having a little bit of
trouble here this little guy won't go to
sleep he won't take the almond milk that
Nia suggested I give you you doing it
Symphony what a great idea
we can do this let's do this together
try just try it at least
come on man come on come on
try come on try yeah come ah oh he
almost took it
come on help me what do we do maybe is
there formula somewhere tiffany is so
cute I was looking for the formula she
was like Daddy almond milk that's what
you use what would I do without this
girl we have to blend it huh you sure
yes that's not mommy did mommy blends
jello that's what you're opposed to do
blend it yes that's the make it's so
good you blend the powder yes just the
powder yes
you put you can't go what cremated to
make it change our so you just do
whipped cream and powder and you blend
it uh-huh honey I don't think that'll
work I think you have to add water you
do need to add water hmm
okay let's start anything okay they're
gonna watch this make it yeah why not
he's in blue bow that was max though
Abrams in bed right now screaming I had
to do it he would have take a bottle and
he's extremely sleepy and we try my
chewy toilet right up you may just have
to play well with me jealous I'm Michael
of crapper very long maybe five minutes
after five minutes we're gonna hit him
up okay I'll call this flower blooms we
picked it while I was completely closed
on a walk today now I'm completely open
daddy um where's the hiding honey
remember bees make honey alright guys
don't forget we love you and remember no
one meet you happy that's right and
don't forget to come be with us tomorrow
my name is anniversary when I got dolls
together babe
are you gonna stare at bebo
but a very close friend of Sam's family
passed away over the weekend and so
we're gonna be going to his funeral this
morning I've never attended a funeral
with Sam where he was the one who lost a
loved one and the only funeral I think
we've ever been to together was my Mimi
and you know we were extremely close but
so this is just a different side of
wifehood we need a flag I'm gonna walk
into the camera and and find all the
spots and then I'm gonna clean them
