by the same guy by the same
to give
in this together good morning everyone
it's breakfast time and we're just
waiting for daddy to get home from his
discipleship meeting we're having
crock-pot oatmeal I made breakfast in
the crock-pot overnight so we're gonna
see what it tastes like it's creme
brulee and we are getting ready to go to
a funeral this morning if you wonder why
my hair is all done but you never see my
hair done and we came to give him a vlog
but a very close friend of Sam's family
passed away over the weekend and so
we're gonna be going to his funeral this
morning I've never attended a funeral
with Sam where he was the one who lost a
loved one and the only funeral I think
we've ever been to together was my Mimi
and you know we were extremely close but
so this is just a different side of wife
hood for me I'm just really gonna try to
be there for Sam today and you know just
stay strong for him I tend to like break
down at funerals I knew this man a
little bit but not very much and
definitely not as much as ended
hello fam basic how you guys doing we're
doing good
get ready to go somewhere very important
sky bridge no let's Daddy bring a studdy
bridge steady bridge where's your dead
dad can you show me your dad there where
is your dad yeah where's your dude there
can dude he likes my bud oh yeah
his hugs herself for industry he would
husband like the father pull up they hug
with his child
and because I look for him today he's
not here me snapped em boy this guy is
fighting his nap so bad you ready to get
down and you want more do you want more
so the service today with a total of
like three and a half hours long it was
really awesome and people got up and
talked about the pastor and stuff it was
really nice hearing everything they had
to say about it so Abram didn't nap
until like 2:30 p.m. this evening when
we got home and he only napped for like
45 minutes after that all day long of no
nap when normally he has two naps a day
and then 45 minutes cubicle inside and
so he has just been super clingy and
whiny for me today and I don't know if
it's because I held him for most of that
three and a half hours or what but he is
just like mama don't get out of my sight
and we have another thing we're supposed
to be doing at church tonight we're
going to a worship service and I really
don't want to hold a room for another
hour now that I don't love holding him
my arms are just really tired holding
him for three and a half hours almost
was like a lot and I put him down every
now and again and I'll give him to Sam
when I could but he was so sleepy he
wanted me
you guys remember though what's in my
purse episode I did so I'm cleaning it
out right now
it's terrible it is just packed full of
so much stuff like shoes and symphonies
purse my headband so yeah I'm just like
trying to clean this sucker I take me
forever Abrams Thank You T you even know
your whining cleaners don't you say mama
say down I'm trying to teach him to say
down when he wants to get down her to
say please or something like that
mom let's say down like clingy little
bug we can do a little bug that the
sweet clingy faith huh oh I got my
cousin Sonny
I'm here with some stuff I think hi
Cindy
and you never oh good I've been waiting
on those huh yay now I've got to get
busy what are you doing buddy
and reading phonics and workbook picked
on phonics alright that's for you abram
abram do you think you're a big boys
they were me gonna fall out of that
chair oh my goodness goodness buddy I
see you lightening every time it pops up
and and yeah it looks like it's gonna
storm and we have about a 40 minute
drive home maybe it's gonna rain on our
car and and then break a hole in it and
you rain on me got a few things together
for a little pillar tonight and I talked
to a few people and it's looking really
good and I'm feeling a lot better about
it what's kind of stressing out but you
know what God's timing is perfect and
that's all that matters glittery legs
for Nia can only mean one thing
I am doing wreaths in the craft room for
the first time I gotta say I love it the
brightness in here is really motivating
I've got a nice stack of fluffy glittery
stuff over here getting ready to make a
2/2 wreath I'm about to utilize my first
new craft storage box I'm gonna be
putting my tool for this wreath in here
this is a different reason I finished
the other one I showed you guys and yeah
it's just gonna sit like that I'm
excited I'm gonna have a toolbox oh we
get it like a toolbox
haha also here's something kind of cool
my first stack of orders ready to go out
in the new craft room
that is so cute the Chevron tape against
the blue wall love it love it oh look
who's awake back here yes I brought you
some roses home tonight after the thing
mmm
so today we went to the funeral of an
old pastor of my families it was really
sad just you know seeing everybody to
say goodbye to him I beg Li remember him
he was such a just what I remember most
about him is a smile on the way he would
just he's just his smile was huge he
smelled with this whole face and it was
just so infectious I looked at him kinda
like a grand Paul as a young boy he just
really loved her family took us in
during hard times when my dad had left
our family and just really helped out my
mom I've done hard times
David Bridges was named got up there and
had some stuff to say we'll put a little
clip of it in the vlog if we haven't
already I really wanted to go up there
but I'd worked the night before I was
exhausted like a zombie but I was paying
attention but I don't think I could
handle being up there for everybody I
probably broke down just like you kid oh
it's a bender I've been asleep since you
got home so I was a pre-med to someone
no yes yeah
praying mantis right here do you
remember what I named romanticism only
find them yeah what tell me I don't know
why would I always name premiums is the
same thing is it Charlie it's not what I
remember
Martin Martin that's right she doesn't
name it Martin
alright guys don't forget we love you
remember to love each other and your
local praying mantis oh hey guys
I'm just done here removing ingrown
toenail
