so anytime you do a remodel you start
thinking all these new things you need
so I'm decided that we desperately need
a new desk chair and down sell at
Walmart right now and I'm thinking like
I'm I seriously want to get one it is so
obnoxious it's really old every single
time you even touch it you don't have to
sit down and yet it's like crank my
brother you are my sister made by the
same guy loved by the same
I have to live
got to give
well
in this together look at this man he
comes straight from work and starts
working on the craft room ah that's you
what are you doing any of the blinds
that thing was in the middle before so I
moved it for him thank God for Father's
Day the whole mine and Sam's five-year
wedding anniversary is this Friday and
today we've been together for 10 years
officially today's the 9th it's our day
did you realize that you did oh you're
dating miss Amy oh it's just so exciting
10 years officially today around 350 a
decade of our life has been spent
together right here right now the decade
is happening we've got two beautiful
kids we have a beautiful home we have a
love like none other
we just love each other so much 10 years
so we were kind of planning a little bit
last night the wedding anniversary is
the 12th and so we think we might have
an overnight date this weekend you think
that's what we're going to do soon what
stay the night at a hotel this weekend
it's gonna be cool it would be really
cool the answer
Oh milk is okay egg kidding okay that
gangsters hatch and then you get to eat
oatmeal and dinosaurs ah that sounds
awesome
and delicious and if you want to catch
more red when they're all gone there is
some red hey drew where'd you go what
just don't leave the room like that like
what hi this yeah nothing was cool like
Richard that's right here's just a guest
Grantley middle I made a mistake that
when I put up the trim
I let the little gap on the inside like
this see I let that gap so I can block
off the edges cuz it was not very good
you know take anything
I can't hang the blinds up so I'll take
them down to hang the blinds up how to
take the top piece of trim off that's
not saying that plunge like up always
making things harder for myself
can you stop following us dude knows
what to be with the boys mm-hmm
hi mommy this kitty cat right here me
that's Barry oh girl Yuri what the world
was mommy doing up in here so today at
work I pulled this really stupid prank
on the honor secretary I was just trying
to be funny I was trying to make her
laugh I thought you think it was funny
so she's working on a project for school
she's in nursing school and she had
written in big letters on her screen
when you love your heart it loves you
when he loved your heart it will love
you back
and I replaced heart with fart we love
your fart
I'll love you back if I shut a couple
people we were just all cracking up
about it or way for her to notice it
when she sat back down in her chair and
I was like so is your teacher a
gastroenterologist by any chance and
after I said that after she caught on
start looking around at her paper and
saw that said bark and she got so upset
I was so surprised because she's we're
just having such a just like a
light-hearted night having fun she just
got so mad and even had to go outside
and say that I was just laughing his
stare go forward she was like I could
have turned it in like that I was like I
was gonna tell you that's always giving
you a hint of course I would have let
you turn it in like that oh you're not
talking to me
no sucking the viewers not you oh so the
guy put the carpet in this room like
destroy
destroyed but marked up the base trim
look at this what's like putting on a
cool over this I'll just like damn you
know read the words on the balloons
yeah and we have to color the ones that
rhyme the same color so this word is a
man can do those rhyme linkie and i'm a
rhyme can't be read this is like the
color of the sand of the desert Wow do
you like that color mm-hmm
what rhyming words you coloring right
now it ain't it good job
Paul is Annie my false latte for the day
and have a good day okay so my favorite
full flavor at Starbucks is salted
caramel so I got a salted caramel pop
and symphony got a birthday cake pop we
don't do this often but today has just
been a really good day symphony has been
very cooperative with her schoolwork
Abram woke up in a really good mood and
I thought why not we're out running
errands and it's just been a really
stressful last couple of days really
really stressful with all of us being
sick I felt very behind on a lot of
different things me and my little helper
tell me you're just getting our list now
we need one and a half inch long nails
something to attach the floor molding to
the brick and that's gonna be that's
been pretty tricky for Sam I think did
you get some nails for daddy
s little brother ever that's right no
play in line
what do you think
you think he wants one okay that is so
nice one out for him
oh he does can you say thank thank you
Miss Carol we have a big system I'm
working in the new craft room for the
first time and I'm so excited I'm
organizing little pillar crafts to go
with the lessons each Sunday the first
one I'm working on is God wants me to be
happy not jealous my sister-in-law sent
me this cute little craft organizer I'm
so excited I'm gonna order more and I
think this is going to be the theme of
my wreath station I am so excited it's
the perfect pattern for me Thank You
Andrea first things first I need a lots
of cotton balls pretty much everything
is like a household item that you might
already have laying around the house
which I did already have cotton balls so
I didn't get those today but just random
little things like sandpaper tape
electrical tape construction paper
there's nothing super fancy schmancy and
I just love that it's something that you
could also do at home with your kids so
here's what it looks like I have
everything ready to go and super simple
for the teachers each week I'm excited
it's almost all done I can't wait the
new semester start to this Sunday are
you ready okay
you can go ahead and go up to the door
I'll be right there
do you want to say hi to somebody oh you
watch Symphony's videos videos by
Symphony I love you okay so I'm doing my
weekly shopping at plush every week
Symphony goes to belly and I show up in
here and the owner's daughter right
you're the owner no that's for Nate
that's earning the owners knees was like
are you famous what's your name Gracie
so you watched our frozen video and
found our vlog yeah that is so cool you
to watch Symphony perform
this
I'm so proud of you
give me five oh that's the best vibe I
love you I just got home I'm about to
pull in and look what I see Oh God I
passed the driveway I'm not being a dick
- so go
yep having a bun run what's happened
guys again just getting ready for work
hanging out the kid I was petting my
little soft eager over here she's extra
soft today this this is why we can't do
this at the table because I might just
get my space straining my hands girl my
belly button dirty belly button the word
can't we do this when I'm done guess
what honey I have a surprise for us I
have a surprise too kind of what's our
surprise I can't tell you yet though I
really wanted to happen for our
anniversary but it's not gonna happen
because I brought up what I want to do I
needed somebody else this person can't
do it this weekend at all I'm gonna like
going I am I used to babysitters for
Friday and half of Saturday for us to go
on an overnight date what sweet getaway
in Dallas we're gonna get a hotel in
Dallas on Friday so I kind of wanna do a
skit with me I don't know not some kind
of romantic zombie types get it just
like a few minutes long just something
we can do together have fun together at
the hotel for our anniversary if you
guys have any skid ideas let us know I
was going to show you guys her but she's
riding around in her underwear so cute
she's like no daddy stop it no sir
yeah do you know the sound of your laugh
just makes me so happy
what the sound of your laugh makes me so
happy yeah look what I make my sweat did
you forget something young man
no it's our 10-year dating anniversary
ten year
I didn't forget I just haven't done it
yet that's all okay I'd be happy to can
you have little one oh I love you so
much
yeah so yeah this is our 10-year dating
anniversary
I've been together University later
you're gonna call it yep we we started
dating at on September 11th 2001
what was it I wasn't ever $92,000 for
that's what I said that's what I said in
my head do you remember how you asked me
out I do what well your profession is
for us all you first you know obviously
I saw you at the theater the next day at
school I asked Andrew to get your phone
number
yeah that's not a SP and I see a
Gershwin Robert Andrew went to go get it
she's like no if he once asked me how
you could come all right ask for my
number he could come ask himself so I
came and asked then like two weeks later
dudes later after we started talking and
she broke up with a curb what but anyway
we started talking and two weeks later I
wrote her no I was trying to be cute but
she didn't think he was on a new view
remembered dad yeah I wrote her letter I
said will you go out with me
Circle yes maybe no and you know I had
those options um she came to me was like
what is this is this a joke I was like
what I was just trying to be cute about
it so I was like I guess I made a fish
all right there yeah we made it Fisher
right there I checked it remember I took
it and I wrote on the wall at school and
all that okay then I'll check it and I
checked it and I gave it back to you
because like I just wanna make sure
this wasn't a joke you said yes then
never look that not a fairytale Simpson
I'm so Gideon right now
alright bye I gotta go I love you
all right guys it's that time of the day
again
don't forget love you
getting ready to email the last little
tidbit of information for the little
pillar classes that I'm directing I was
a little bit stressed out yesterday
because things are coming to a close and
I didn't get to do training like I
wanted to on Sunday but you know what
God obviously has different plans
obviously he's just trying to show me
Nia I'm in control not you I'm just
taking a breather I'm going to send out
this information and I've been emailing
back and forth with the helpers tonight
trying to get some stuff planned for
later this week so I'm gonna get started
on all that if you liked our video today
give us a thumbs up and let us know and
we will see you all on tomorrow's vlog
bye daddy out bye daddy love you Sammy
yep we're going for an evening walk I
have just been cooped up in the house
for too many days feeling sick and I'm
like maybe I just need some vitamin D I
don't know it might backfire on me
because I am feeling very nauseous but
hey baby
sit
