we've got to give
and this together the virus is on full
force in our house and I'm just saying
that mom should not be allowed to get
sick this is so crappy we also had
another issue happened this morning
we're all cooking some chili right now
but Symphony spilled some penguins over
the weekend and she told me she picked
them all up but that little guy right
there was left and so we woke up to ants
in our kitchen
so there's moyson down everywhere and I
can't let Abram crawl around while I
cook or clean or anything
but nonetheless I'm cooking some chili
we don't have anything for soup so I'm
just gonna make like some quick chili I
don't know that doesn't look very sick
to me or maybe I'm just really cold I
don't know hi viewers we just now
started and I'm halfway done help me hi
viewers I am going to crack in the new
classroom there's daddy's white blue
wall the whole backyard broke so so
yesterday we won't take it a hose and
under cooling hi guys you are in
symphonies mailbox
I've got something in here he is in
there vacuuming up
welcome from the nap in the kitchen sink
was clogged I'm like oh my gosh this day
did you get what you wanted I did
something Biggles in a my head right
there oh my god it's huge what looking
up on you well that wasn't very you're
calling back right now I can't hear you
that's when you start screaming like
that's here for work guys I know I know
we don't want you to go Sam I know but
I've got to I feel better now so yeah
get ready I gotta get on that hill yes
lift you up where
I can lift you up take you where you
wanna book is that don't take the books
with it would you here let's move okay
Cara Stephanie read the book to the
viewers
och don't lift you up read it you're
reading that fast
are you a speed reader find you guys
speed readers I would love to be a speed
reader that's like something I would
like love to have an ability bill to
speed read I guess because I'm such a
slow reader I don't pick up everything
as I read so I got to read it slowly in
order to Dover reading thank you
cue show the viewers what you drew me
after work something drew me a really
awesome picture
look at that can you tell abused with
that in something that is a baby chick
hatching and it messed you know white
they patching their nests know why I
said so they suck so they won't lose
their mommy
oh yeah what's the time we're gonna work
on looking
I have to go babies time for me to go to
meeting a hug gonna kiss are you gonna
take your camera no alright kid I'll see
you later love you just get our hurts
yep it's from mom I was doing something
on something and scraped on something oh
it was at the spa the bench was very
sharp and I was like I was getting up
from scratch or a knuckle see okay see
you guys
mmm kiss my booboo yeah no I need
another haircut I'm so stupid anyway
guys don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
we're following daddy out bye daddy
love you Sammy yep we're going for an
evening walk I have just been cooped up
in the house for too many days feeling
sick and I'm like God maybe I just need
some vitamin D I don't know it might
backfire on me because I am feeling
pretty nauseous but I think I might feel
better
Abram keeps pointing at random things
Symphony has a little leaf collection up
here oh it's so little huh no no is it
where's your other one up you little
escape artist I should probably check
the mill I think it's been a few days
let's see here ah we got a package see
here it is from its Abram shoes
I ordered Abrams and really cute shoes
from Jane calm of course they have these
really cute Tom's style of shoe all
right I'm gonna let Symphony open up the
box she's got a chocolate face right now
hey bro I've been heating shock wait
wait wait that's that I made you kiss
thank you so much what is it it's a
prairie dog it and there is a dog a real
dog it was fighting the baby prairie dog
sweat what was fighting the dog the
camera died earlier when we were opening
up the shoes I forgot to tell you all
that so I'm gonna do this with Abram hey
Ron look you want to open the box see
your new shoes open the box up good job
there are Abraham's little Tom's like
this oh yeah I think he likes them look
at those feet
keep you're gonna beat you like oh good
on you oh my goodness what are you doing
why did you have to cross your feet like
that you cutie symphonie and I just did
something I've been wanting to do for a
couple of weeks now we went through our
little cubbies right here and we took
out the stuff that she didn't want
anymore I got some stuff to donate we
have one more cubby at the bottom to go
through but it's the biggest cubby and I
know that pretty much everything needs
to be threw in the trash like some of
its from when she was a little bitty
baby how do you like your cubbies thank
you for helping me and pick out what
we're gonna donate Shh why didn't I do
that one okay well it's time for the
princess to go to bed and say good night
oh can I have a hug okay guys well don't
forget see you all on tomorrow's vlog
love to baby
Oh puppy love the baby Abram loved
symphonies baby dogs so sweet what I
know
haha
