yeah well well well well this is where
knee and I slept last night she said
blow fouled on the foot for us this
carpet is amazing you see my shed on one
a blog you shadow my brother you are my
sis
made by the same guy loved by the same
not to live
we've got to give
and theirs together so the wedding was
really fun but when I get home I became
very ill I guess knee is not pregnant I
guess you just got some kind of bug
could sift me through it last night all
over the hallway well uh her grandma was
watching her and then I got home I
literally had like a fever nausea I'm
eight body aching again it's weird
I had it I had the same thing a week ago
there's room guys is it cool still not
done now you go the cart was late I
stopped to do some more paint he's like
some white streaks on the wall let us
pray take cover away so I go and do some
of that some of the base trim down here
that attach to the wall and he's out and
I've got a bazillion things to do I'm
working on load number three of laundry
right now and I've been trying to clean
up the kitchen because it was real dusty
from the paint that Sam's been doing
kids are napping
I kept Abram up from his morning nap
today because we had a really long night
last night he was up for like 4 a.m. to
6 a.m. oh no what was going on but so I
kept him up all morning so that he would
take a really long afternoon nap so
hopefully I can get some stuff done just
some more more housework just one of
those days where I'm trying to get
caught up and Sammy's asleep really long
do is like fall down and sleep next to
him but I'm not going to do it so my
house work cleaning continue I'm getting
ready to mop and I'm doing it a
different way than what I typically do I
used to use a steam mop and I felt like
that just was not cleaning my floor so
sandy gave me a little tip and said that
she uses a Swiffer and instead of using
the pads you just use like a regular
washcloth and you just spray like bleach
Scrubbing Bubbles on the floor so that's
what I am about to do we will see how it
works
Abram just woke up from his nap I'm just
gonna do the kitchen I'm gonna see if I
can get it done pretty quickly and
efficiently he's not crying in there I
just heard him like rolling around
making a noise I'm gonna quickly do it
and see how I like it I'll let you guys
know hopefully I'll like it and it'll
feel good on my feet I actually really
liked that process the reason I like it
so much better is because I'm using
straight bleach it seems to get sticky
stuff up off the floor better than
steam muck the Steam Mop was terrible it
like wouldn't pick up anything get drove
me crazy every time I mopped I was like
what's the point of mopping you know so
now it's done I'm just kind of waiting
for it to dry Abram is still being quiet
in his room so maybe he went back to
sleep I'm not sure I think he's awake
though and so I'm going to let it dry
then get him up and we're going to cook
dinner tonight we are making a recipe
that I've got off of Facebook and you
guys may have seen it several of my
friends were sharing it around it's
called the turkey sandwich baked
something like that
I'll give you the official name later
anyways I'm excited to try it I'm not
one to usually try those Facebook
Pinterest recipes because I just use the
recipe app on my phone because you can
make a shopping list off of it it's
called all recipes if you guys don't
have it you should totally check it out
it's a great app for making a grocery
list getting recipe ideas they even have
when you get a recipe they even have
like substitution suggestions at the
bottom of the recipe so like if you're
allergic to something people will say oh
instead of onions I used garlic or
instead of cinnamon I used a dash of
this or that or whatever and you have no
proper substitution things anyways
hi handsome your laundry is delivered
prince charming how was your nap on me
you are so cute
mama you want mommy hi
oh you feel happy he likes to look at
this in here yeah yeah he started
pointing you last week don't do any
point lose his finger right there when
you point Abram where is none where is
number no it's so good I just made my
day my heart is like overflowing with
joy right now he loves to like outside
hey to Nichkhun yeah thank you like in
hell bubs
okay so this recipe is called Kentucky
hot brown baked have you guys heard of
it
I heard of me okay so here's what you
need 8 ounces of refrigerated crescent
rolls a pound of turkey lunch meat 8
slices of cooked bacon 8 slices of Swiss
cheese 3 roma tomatoes but instead I'm
using one big one the Roma tomatoes are
really small Wow and four eggs beaten so
you layer half of your ingredients on
the bottom of the pan hey how are you
sweet girl ha ha Tiffany just popped out
from her mouth see you're back there can
you say hi to the viewers so now you're
going to pour half of your eggs on top
of the layers you've already done and
then repeat here's the final thing going
in the oven
20 minutes go so seven minutes into the
baking process and I have to look at I'm
just too curious
okay I see Lincoln kind of good
guess we'll see Russia
look at all that we've got a lot this
has been like the story of our day
symphonies been making these really cool
Lego toys all day like five different
times today and Abram keeps wanting them
so we've had a lot of lessons to learn
today Symphony had to go to timeout
earlier for me telling her that she has
to explain to Abram Abram I'm playing
with this right now and you can have
this so we're really working on that
Sammy just woke up
I need motrin and what it's done
oh my gosh y'all it's amazing oh I have
to be honest it doesn't look very
appetizing it is seriously like the best
thing I've cooked myself in a long time
I think a jury's peeking out ever you
want to try some of this sandwich baked
I made thank you now that - food yes I
just asked you that second you go out my
word
yeah they remove it I want to get the
room in the one anyone was considered so
you could get this out I'll get the side
poor you get here you get that's how
I'll put your waste and go yeah okay
already maybe put on my back no I'll get
out this lipstick on okay you know what
just walk you got oh yeah oh oh
any ideas here if we turn it
are they goofy or what ah dad dad
some reason I always just gravitate
towards this room just like the seat in
the corner of my eye and I just want to
be in it I got a new hose yesterday can
simply ask for it she's like Daddy we're
picking out the hoses and there's
different sizes there's long ones and
short ones and as I going to get this
one she's like dad we need a long and
sort of reach my swimming pool so we
ended up getting the hundred footer Oh
guys don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other Oh guys I
didn't get to show you the new light
picture we got so this used to be the
back porch over here this was all the
back porch and they added this corner to
make it a square to make it a room so
it's pretty much an add-on and this is
the new light fixture I got right here
kind of I originally want to do like an
industrial type look in this room and
this kind of light goes with the theme I
wanted oh yes okay so sandy came over to
see the room that is sure okay ready
let's go let's see your rooms gonna be
up oh my goodness all right I just feel
so different doesn't it it was
completely dirt doesn't it just like not
even look like the same room doesn't it
does not look like the same home and
home I got some new carpet - please stop
that sickening
he's not can you piss off that chicken
my ears up oh my hate they're wasting
good job guys do five you both won your
winners go be careful
a very pleasant surprise for everyone at
least for me that is do you guys know
what it is can anyone guess oh dude all
ready one two three
surprise daddy came home I'm so excited
I have like three patients and I'm
telling symphony about week three yeah
that's a lot almost confused didn't know
where she's at that one had chest pain
and the other one had high blood sugar
so they let me come home early because I
was feeling really sick put my fevers
coming back you know no motrin having
hot flashes and just chills
you guys think the room looks good from
this angle you got the blue and the
green and the peach turned out really
cool got a cool color scheme going on my
ending my day the same way I began
laundry laundry laundry it has been one
of those days that's just been like
ongoing I feel like this day has never
ended and it's like finally it's time to
end it I just got to do this laundry put
it away get a couple other things done
and hang out with him and or I don't
think I got it
we get to hang out together so I'm
working on float float OHS I'm working
on photos and watching flubber on
Netflix with Robin Williams to remember
flubber I like totally forgot about that
movie I was like flubber oh my gosh yeah
it watches isn't cool I want to watch
that with him sometime oh my gosh you're
cute okay yeah yeah no idea would be
flubber her cool this morning but anyway
guys I guess I'll tell you again don't
forget we love you remember to love each
other good night
so bright so busy what does this mean
Java rainbow all the way across the sky
yeah
Wow Wow my god babe oh yeah
