that isn't supposed to be a lingerie
shower but oh this happened that happen
and they just don't really have it it's
still a laundry shower but you don't see
things hanging around us and what I'm
living in so things are about to get
by the same guy loved by the same heart
we've got to live
to give
in this together boys here's warning
everybody we're here we're at the home
deep as I call it deep space has arrived
come along with this yes that's right
before you ladies who are interested in
where my brother works he works here at
the Home Depot entero come saddle Andrew
going visit us you said what's brother
I drew my eyebrows than you guys
everyone seems to like it better
smells like well whatever I guess I need
to learn the trade of doing as I did it
cool
this is kind of a color of our kitchen
she chose you green blue did you find
the color your buddy it's so serious
about it please do you know of that one
are you sure what do you want that one
put that one seven dollars right hand
that sorry it's too expensive here pick
one of these down here how about this
one
this one's a nice one
maybe Phoebe's it yeah you needed one a
little bigger than that though routine
paint your name
we're done we get plan a hack 3 is
really bad
what why should you perhaps not do that
because because I guess I just liked it
maybe we need some shrimp it's a
portrait and some dwarf okay
very
we got our wood Symphony you ready you
gonna hold the wood for me I'm sure glad
we're not going very far but yesterday
we hit 99 thousand subs how exciting is
that I was pretty excited we've been
thinking about and trying to plan some
giveaways and stuff to do when we get to
a hundred thousand subs one thing I
decided is I'm definitely gonna do a
wreath giveaway to you guys
hi guys I didn't see you there
Sam sent me to Gina's for some more
lumber see you back there
yeah this is not my forte a drover on
the parking lot for a little while
before I found the place I was supposed
to go what's up guys how you doing
because I know how to measure or home
depot does it what are the others all
right so I have them all lined up
indoors here's the base trim and here's
all the other pieces the crown molding
and the Corner molding color we decided
on it is called embellished blue the
very top one now we're going to do the
bricks Peter White all right guys I'll
talk to you later
there's a cricket over here somewhere
and I give this stuff for her and they
even put my building - I'm not the
beauty salon you guys is my hair like
amazing or what
this is my hairdresser Symphony hi
it just needs one more there's one more
thing I'm sure this is like the 12th bow
he loves my rogue so when he's playing
and I'm listening
why do you need more bow then you mess
with me
that brick is a lot harder to like
conceal completely than I thought I'm
gonna have to do like four coats
probably it's $40 for that ultra white
paint a gallon I've gone through two
gallons you just saw how much I had left
I may end up having to use a third
gallon we went ahead and bought a third
one just in case but this is getting a
little pricey here's the final product
of my hair from symphony she moved on to
nail salon painted her nails and now she
is painting something touch it up with a
brush and get go places that I can spray
that looks so amazing we're gonna be
paying these lines we have these a brush
because the sprayer can't reach him for
some reason okay yeah so we're gonna
paint these lines you're gonna paint
them with them okay practice well no you
got to hold it on its side like this
your hand like this even just makes you
cover up all the brown and white with
the blue
I guess you don't want to get too big
yes I still have sympathies begin here
right in my hair I tried to take it out
I'm going to a miniature lingerie shower
later for my friend Katie who's getting
married tomorrow and you guys are gonna
come to the wedding with us I'm not
really fretting I did something to leave
you with too much responsibility Maui
we're doing stuffed peppers yours is
right there I usually read the label but
yours is right over there honey gosh
what are you playing just let you be
that's pretty cool so this is where I'm
keep my computer at this corner I'm like
stuffed in the corner of our bedroom
it's actually a pretty cool deal because
last night I was doing the vlog me it
was laying in bed or just chatting and
it's really nice actually being here
it's not nearly as lonely look at my
hands hey guys can I ask you a favor the
more views we get on the previous video
we uploaded from the nature box the more
they'll pay us and we're getting $25 per
thousand views and it's no secret we
would love you know just to have that
extra income because since I've been
doing this vlog I've worked it I've been
working a lot less I usually work
overtime or I usually work at least four
days one week three days the next
sometimes four days a week but I've been
cutting back as much as possible since
I've been on the vlog because I'm trying
to you know invest more time into this
so if you guys could just one little
wave helping us out just go back to
yesterday's vlog play it watch it and be
awesome I really appreciate you guys
this is it guys
there's GoPro I got all the trim outside
hopefully it doesn't rain there you have
it guys so have fun with Nia she's about
to take you guys on a little trip with
their girlfriends
with her wedding shower Katie's wedding
shower um but I'll just say get out
right now I'm so tired
we need a bus coat take a shell and be
done with this don't forget guys we love
you and remember to love each other have
a really sore throat I'll have to go see
the doctor pretty shirt stripped out be
glad I really like that they can do the
before and after so you know how I was
saying earlier I didn't feel so hot I
just like totally like when people say
blue chunks oh boy so those are really
disgusting terms
how do you feel you do you look like oh
wait I can't see you well you don't want
yeah totally look like you're going to
get married tomorrow you look like
you're gonna get married tomorrow your
nails your skin your makeup everything
let me see the nails hold them out Oh
beautiful beautiful
so Katie
this she did she put her Cara Becca I am
feeling extremely excited lots of
emotions but mostly wonderful
I mean are you nervous are you I mean
how do you like okay I just really get
that nervous it's all I walk down the
aisle today so they'll get something
down the aisle and as I was walking out
like
the idea of the game is so no no one is
in win what was your maid of honor
wearing the day versed but that's the
basis of it so instead we're gonna do it
like where was Nia on the day that you
and her first became official Prince
Gregori Bridal oh that's categories
number one is something Katy will need
on her wedding day
hey I notice your face
probably - that means they gotta cross
it out but I got frizzier oh yeah girl
she will need that said wedding night
I'm just getting my things no I'm gonna
get
so those are coasters for your new
apartment you did a good job
oh my gosh that is so cute so for the
last time together man it's so loud no
it maybe is in the wall yeah I sure
think is in here whatever
