we got our naturebox
you are my brother you are my sister
made by the same guy
by the same
not to live
we've got to give
in this together good morning everybody
how are you doing today we're doing
great we're just seeing breakfast yeah
say hi I'm Nia hi so cute she made these
bagels with blueberries on him except
he's eating dinosaur owe me all four
would you eating over there buddy why is
he where were there is okay you're not
eating
so this is what we're doing say we are
doing this whole room we're gonna paint
it I finally have the motivation to do
it that's what I've been waiting for
I've done the kitchen in the living room
most of the bedrooms and this is the
only room that really needs to be done
because we spend most of our time in
this room so I have the motivation today
because I said for Nia's birthday we're
going to be doing making a shelf area
over here for all her her wreaths
business I think what's been holding me
back from painting this room is just the
amount of work I feel like it's going to
be involved but I decided I'm going to
leave up the paneling and I'm not going
to bother taking it down like I think
like I originally wanted to and this
popcorn ceiling I'm not going to mess
with that I wanted to do that I'm just
going to do the minimum and just paint
these brick walls we'll paint these all
white and the paneling I'm gonna prime
them maybe fill in the cracks and we're
just going to paint the paneling
I think it's her choice color and then
all up here
we're going to also do a turquoise so
right now we're going to be cleaning up
the room it's quite a feat as you can
see Anderson there is guys we're waiting
for you dude what waiting for you why
it's kidding rah
oh I'm sorry you don't like him he's a
nice guy nice or what it's empty
are you wearing your hat Eric and I got
that at the carnival remember yeah you
do a great job cleaning up in here he
said nothing
he's not supposed to be doing anything
at your birthday I've got all this
cleared up so far I'm gonna take the
shelves down
Shekhar
you want to cover it me I'm not talking
I just want to show me just a little bit
that's what the coach we're in this game
won't you make her brown some girls are
round huh some girls are brown why don't
you make her brown okay
I'm making a black Snow White yes
brownies knowing she's gonna make a
brown white thanks for your help
Symphony done a great job well we got
all that cleared out just like an empty
so far the hardest part about this room
is gonna be moving this desk like I said
I might keep it in the middle but I
started thinking we're gonna probably
remove this carpet and put a new carpet
in so we'll probably got to get the desk
out of here daddy doing daddy's taking
down the trim remember when we first
looked at this house online I was like
we had like a list of houses we're gonna
look at and I was like we are not
getting the one that has all the oranjee
stuff on the inside and the outside
because the the paint on the outside
lifts more Angie on the online site and
this is the one we picked it's so funny
the one I was like not that one we'll
look but we're not getting that one it
ended up being the perfect fit for us
yeah it's your head out of there whoa
macho macho man I've got to be a macho
man
you're not even working in you're
thirsty it's a big boy Oh mom I'm just
relaxing now the viewers say bye-bye
how's it going guys Lord oh good well I
got both of moonshine I'm gonna take our
chair that's not super keen Burhan yeah
good deal I forgot to tell you guys I
did actually find one of our spare keys
that we lost while I was cleaning up my
wreath stuff here's the princess playing
oh my gosh this room is crazy it is just
nuts I wonder how much of this stuff
will actually get rid of my fee very
very old Patti it's so late then it's
like nothing to it
Wow yucky April save my buddy we're
trying to decide if we should fill the
cracks of the paneling this paneling
right here if we should fill the cracks
with mud or joint compound or just paint
it or say I'm saying tear it down with
it or tear it down there's a drywall
behind the paneling but I did that in a
few of these rooms and it's just so much
more work than just you know penny oh
the paneling I kind of like the look of
painting that over the painting let me
pull the picture back up that's kind of
a cool look what do you guys think I'm
gonna go ahead and prime it today I
pretty much have all the taping done
here's a kind of a similar color scheme
that we're going with the white like
bright white brick on top of a brighter
color the white trim I got the windows
all taped up plastic the kitchen I just
got to take down that floor over there
I'm spraying it I'm not using no
pressure roller using a spray over here
and the nice thing about this is I
haven't spent a penny so far everything
I've used so far I've already had from
previous projects so that's pretty cool
I even have all the primer that I need
for this room
you
Sam is in their primary and I've got
dinner started we are having stuffed
peppers that looks delish
we're having stuffed peppers you
hard-working man and baked potatoes are
in the oven
Oh touch the wall citrus okay let's go
see whoa the brick is gonna be so cool
Wow
oh the GoPros up there okay though it's
an issue elvadine yeah we're gonna do it
now they pay out there cuz the GoPros
over there
first coat this is the first coat of a
time-lapse going up there what do you
think I think it's gonna look so awesome
when you're so bright I like the awning
look how white the walls are compared to
this old feeling Oh true why don't you
just paint this ooh and you gotta take
this in like man down huh yeah but
you're right I didn't even paint it
guess I could go over a primer here you
go symphonie loves bell peppers so with
our meal tonight I decided to be a
little bit wait I gotta cut around it so
with our meal tonight I decided to be a
little bit thrifty and I saved the tops
and I'm gonna cut around the stem that's
a lot of but that's a lot of snacks for
symphony and I love I love salt pepper
so here you go I'm sure
those are your home depot hunt goggles
what are they for sandy
sawing you look handsome
it's a hard worker over here man and one
lucky girl I gotta say when I got
married to Sam I had no idea he had all
this innovative handiwork this about him
and he is just so handy we got this
house and he just started taking it
apart left and right and fixing it up
and I'm like how do you even know how to
do all of this stuff like this room was
totally not like this when I moved out
daddy had the wrong goggles I'm not sure
where his painting goggles are at but he
can't find any so we are here to pick up
a few things it's just like so I'm doing
with the second coat in here with the
primer I still got to do a second coat
on the ceiling but in the meantime I
have my trim outside that it took off
I'm going to reuse
I got a prime that too before I start
painting it took us forever but we
finally found some goggles I'm serious
it took me half an hour
Avram is in meltdown mode like ah all
the trim and I'll be using here do you
guys wanna watch me paint it
all primed think I'll prime these
shelves that I had above my desk it's
that easy guys with the airless paint
sprayer I'll never go back to a brush or
roller this thing is incredible
now just have to clean this lens does
anybody see a beautiful girl in this
mess
hmm where is she a beautiful girl where
oh there's one there's another one huh
you guys better be back tomorrow to
watch us pick out the paint color that
rooms gonna look so cool so cool new
thinks we should paint the paneling like
a teal color we are going to do teal no
matter what but I can be cool if we did
a brick a teal color um let us know what
you guys think hopefully we get your
advice before we start painting she's
back just saying no so I made stuffed
peppers in the crock-pot look at those
babies well that looks amazing I do I
look incredible
I don't even know how to get it out I
don't mess it up yeah lots of extras you
guys want to come over for dinner hmm
oh there's plenty of extras for me cuz
I'm a hungry boy boom that is one white
room isn't it I had to do the roof cuz
it's just too yellow
whoa manslaughter
oh yeah bro
hey there's a cute little room there's
nothing like some nutritious snacks
after a long hard day at work
we're having our nature mops it's a
subscription and you guys can get a free
trial by clicking on the link below
this is our first huh okay this is our
first brand deal guy so help us out and
click on the link in the description and
you'll get a free trial of nature box
and this is awesome it's really cool we
got to go on their website and pick out
from a list of goodies and you can too
we have to pick like a two mouth and
we've take peppery pistachios barbecue
kettle kernels lips whole wheat
blueberry thingy bars mango almond bites
the kernels are so good blueberry Figgy
bars
nice real good you want it yes let me
try pleasantly surprised okay alright
guys we're going to just stay here and
snack on her naturebox goodies thanks
for coming along with us today don't
forget to click on the link for that
your free trial and I don't forget we
love you can't remeber dinner so any
chatter she says the best my guys come
back tomorrow to see the rest of the
room with us see me finish painting this
room I'm excited about it
scoring awesome especially these bricks
cool alright by sitting on this in al
city yeah okay
she's that sure
kids everywhere oh we should've put this
simply when it can be I'm kelly Hoppen
I'm doing that's a great idea the other
way go to walk around everywhere let's
do it
can you help me
