Morna fan Masek how are you guys doing
today we are off to Oklahoma with a
truckload of cinder and all those blocks
I think I'm maxing out my truck here his
tires going down I'm gonna do some
leveling in the foundation you can't do
that you can't do that everybody packed
up here baby baby everyone's reading
cool man there's the hole I had a nail
in there post from Oklahoma dream right
on the property
I heard a happy girl in here how was
your now just tryna get out already
there you go can you blow it
you need after notes not tonight hey
guys so we just enjoy our quiet little
nap I'm gonna have coffee right now
what's at the top of my list though is
that Juliet has been sick yesterday it
was rough for her I don't think I want
to take her out anywhere and if I do
it'll be somewhere close like Walmart or
Tinker which is like right down the road
and it would be for like something
really quick getting a book so cute when
you tell Juliet do you know but she gets
my mother's you go come on let's be
together come on
this yellow duckling has fluffy feathers
today tickle when you rub them on your
teeth
can you touch his nose that's good job
hey piggy piggies it blank blank music
link like we get a new one oh he's
always bondable she's gotta put it away
I think she needs help putting it away
you did a good job
walrus with his whistle waves and busy
workers in me and my kids we've met at
the Broken Bow our first stop is of
course no guys Willmar won't watch our
first stop
block time are you ready for it
see so it is like I'm interested in my
shenanigans right now okay we're done Oh
pattern let's make a pattern let's make
a pattern Pete green pink pink green
pink thank you my gosh you guys okay I'm
so so sorry about that
somebody just stopped me on the road it
said hey stuff you got a camera on here
but on the back your truck I loved you
guys sitting on my toe ball if I had
gone up here just a little bit further
you guys would have fell off and been
broken I would have lost the footage oh
man a little bit bad I was really nice
at that but I'm glad you guys are safe
get your chainsaw cutting down the trees
now okay I want to keep some of them you
can cut that post down right there
thanks bud what ladybugs are everywhere
yeah just don't look above you cuz those
ladybugs fall over soon
I got a tank so my kids don't have to
take a dump outside like Andrea and I
have been doing order of operation make
the kids a giant leaf I'll only get my
leaf blower daddy's gonna go back then
he's gonna build on a three hat right
now this really will make this place a
big part my goal while I'm out here is
the build relationships it's not to
hurry if we get this house done
the focus is relationships with my
brother mostly mostly Andrew him and I
because let's face it all this none of
it matters it doesn't matter at all but
the relationships we make matter to the
most I don't have a dream house I never
did have a dream house in my mind I've
always found something depressing about
luxury luxury homes and so I definitely
am NOT working towards that so in the
kids after right when we got here to
make them a leaf pile so I'm gonna build
the kids a leaf pile gonna be the first
thing making memories with my kids while
they're still young
as a massive file
surfing or swimming in it
you guys I remember exactly what I
wanted to do the day after Thanksgiving
and that is very subtly and minimally
decorate Barbara's MA hey will you help
me decorate
well now that's over sip these over your
crafting it up what you making
where'd you find all that glue oh you're
putting rocks all over the top
well that's creative can't put one I try
to make it where I can cover the hole
let's do it right here - Wow
I might not have working to do like you
and Abram but I might have something
else you know so Abram has like playing
your game you love real working I am
doing my craft and I can get some stuff
from over there okay if they fail hmm
yes it's okay Hey
what a beautiful sight this is my
daughter coming out here making her own
little craft out here in this room she
found the gloves she found the wood she
found the raw it's awesome I'm just so
proud of her so happy for her the
smaller spots the smaller stuff you have
to find look like these seats you can
spots like these guys I'm getting a
glimpse of heaven out here watching my
beautiful kids just wander around the
property but my heart feels so external
rainfall it's unbelievable it is
beautiful sight where's she going she's
so little so cute hey Rose over there
hey Andrew would you mind that one for
me Andrew Andrew
okay guys I kind of couldn't handle
myself in my jammies and we're sad to go
and like get myself ready so I could
really enjoy this eat yummy actress
we're outside that's all she wants to
put it in trash job
say bye bye - you're a good helper give
me five
I want to put little lights inside my
lantern what can I do for now I know
I've got some in my car some little
ornaments I can put in there for now
yeah she literally ran over to the door
when she heard the Bell you cute little
outdoorsy girl where's the doggy Juliet
oh is that right can you help me with
the ornaments they're like balls I'm
coming there you go good job
it's pretty but it's kind of empty we
need more huh let's go find more balls
I wish i
look at that guy's
I kept really good let's see if this
place has bowls no oh here
there you go one for you what are you so
what I've been doing today guys is just
taking off the siding or the shaving on
the bottom of the house so I can expose
the foundation and see all the pier so
tomorrow I can line alright now throw a
little that outside of the house before
I start on the inside so that's sort of
have planned for tomorrow all right guys
it's time to turn the tree on it's
getting dark sun has set you guys see
the sunset back there see that glowing
orange look at this guy's bright bright
orange
that daddy's tree hey my Christmas
wreath likes great - loving that are you
ready for our evening la we are gonna
take our little evening stroll no I
swear I'm turning into an old woman like
I just hurt my knee last week over my
back it's not cold out here but she has
been kind of sick so we will cover her
little feetsies come on and a lady and
let's go for a walk
oh my gosh you guys have got to see
Juliet's response our neighbors way
across like down the street in front of
our house wrapped their trees in blue
light she's like I know we've got that
massive tree back there but I am a
sucker for some Christmas lights and
these are super cute to see on our wall
they'll be still
are you talking to Daddy say no night
daddy we're not FaceTime you but there
he is there daddy
hey I love you okay guys well I'm gonna
go ahead and end the vlog here don't
forget and remember to love each other
oh hi guys I missed you underneath this
paper towel is where it wasn't ready for
today simply shot there how we're gonna
do that guys get out of town
perfect actually did you bring your
water in silly Billy
