hey thank you it goes
good morning little princess you wanna
play me what are you playing
I'm gonna read this girl good morning
everyone and I'm gonna be this game so
it is the day after my birthday and I'm
still so spoiled Sam brought home
doughnuts this morning I think mainly
for this girl over here but he also
brought me home do you see it in there
another big coffee he loves us so much
sister
the same guy loved by the same art we've
gotten
in this together here's one of my
outfits that I got yesterday except I
already had the little blue cover-up I
like I love funny cheap steals just so
perfect it's also still the right time
of summer that I can wear this shade of
blue and even when fall comes around
this shade of blue is still gonna be a
fallish color just like a little bit of
a deeper shade so I'll probably be able
to pull this dress off for a little bit
longer
I feel 26 today but like a stylish 26
year old and I got my stylish princess
with me can you get it can you turn it
we found a spare p.o box key and it's on
the keyring that answers the music so we
were able to check our mailbox for the
first time in like weeks I think it's
been like a month actually to get this
for my 5 birthday ok well that's a long
way away that I'll remember that ok ok
let's put it back and maybe it'll be
here when you turn 5 I'm so excited I
picked out Abraham's first birthday
present from us and Symphony said she
wants it to be from her too so oh my
gosh it's just so cute it's like a
little puzzle but it's a train - and
look he loves it I'm a cat mills I had
to exchange this um blue sweater over
here because I accidentally picked up a
large I don't know what I was thinking
yesterday and then in the process I
found this adorable outfit for my
upcoming nephew Sam's brother David and
his wife Rachel are pregnant and they're
gonna be having a baby in December so I
got this cute little outfit it's got
Chevron and elephants seriously that's
like the best baby combo ever Chevron
ten elephants this guy has just been one
to cook in the kitchen lately
cuties want to use all my stuff that I
have first was their great
I'm not cashing in dinner because I'm
gonna help with dinner but I am cashing
in this one today you know so much crap
 speaking of a me a favor okay let
me get a kiss
look adorable my wife looks today hello
just like shocked I woke up so I kind of
stop what I was doing is just tonight
just look at her for a minute what I
took in bed a tip her mom's of multiple
children what's happening let me help
you trim it okay yeah sorry go ahead
honey when you're using recipes
throughout the week multiple recipes
that call for onion skip chopping up the
onion all week I've got an onion from my
dad's garden in there but I know that
this is a busy week so I bought this
little cartoon of onions I think they're
like a dollar 98 at Walmart all right so
right now Carla is in the onion so we're
gonna put the ciabatta right on top okay
I don't see how I'm using Betty swipe
some spatula we do all the meat yes
I thought about taking it out of the
grill outside but I was like you know
what let's go out there so let's keep it
inside today yeah we're flipping it
we're tossing it listening
here come the salaries bring it hi are
you Larry oh yeah what okay
so every I was a very subtle flavor to
the ciabatta the onions obviously is
gonna be your main flavor in here need I
some potatoes up and we're going to next
right here we go okay so what I do by
cooking I prefer a vent spatula you
can't buy them like this this is done
naturally with a lot of cooking I always
cut back on the salt a little bit
Costanza cholesterol blood pressure
honey I'm not cholesterol now when
you're cooking Chewbacca you want to
make sure you have a pretty good size
pan because Chewbacca when you're
cooking it expands a little bit yes
waiting to help with honey here you go
now you take over the spatula oh we got
cleaning it out did it Bend at the end
of it you gotta straighten out the pipe
cleaner you gotta make sure it's very
straight at the end sharp huh I bent a
little bit that's what happened there
now try
No you got to make sure you got the very
tip of it in there okay I love it doing
pretty good I ran every day before work
this week someone affected you guys
believe it I ran before work I mean I
had a I had 30 minutes before I had to
leave the house and I still got in a
short run I ran for ten minutes came in
took quick shower got out made it to
work on time so I'm proud of myself
I think I'll go running I guess right
now so I always go shirtless and it's
not to excite the neighbors it's to get
that vitamin D as much as possible
everyone is so excited
look at him reaching for the chair okay
guy he loves going running yeah you're
missing sissy huh oh cool finger puppet
play with you guys you'll have a great
trip okay honey
yep cooking I like the batter you got up
there I usually don't listen to music
while I'm running I just didn't I like
to enjoy the wind going through the
trees and you know it's not a dogs
barking the cars driving but today I'm
gonna add a little bit of ham Beyonc and
we're gonna listen to Al City sitting
here on listen to Al City yeah okay
she's that sure
maybe not have been talking and I think
when she starts to stay home we are
going to possibly work together funny
there's the finished product guys we're
going to tell them that you had cavities
finished product that's cabbage oh oh
I'm sorry it's called kill bosses
stir-fry that with cabbage and potatoes
no ants and you can look how sweaty I am
guys wow I'm so sweaty
yeah
probably watch her demon this coupon for
one day of dishes today well to miss
this is yes I want to redeem that today
all right you got it
he points me to know that it's gone
after today I know earlier Sam was like
don't you want me to do it on a day
where I'm home all day and I'm London
whatever so the reason I want him to do
it today is because normally I do empty
the sink out at least once every day
and sometimes it fills back up but
yesterday was my birthday do the dishes
at all this is from Brooke Hahn of
California
wait Maury Wayne of Minnesota Tanya hair
money and she's from Tennessee Lissa
Miller is from California Sara Harwell
you know Jackie yeah okay thanks guys
we're gonna open them up in a minute hey
guys we are gonna play musical packages
that sound fun open it it's a cake
stickers who doesn't love stickers these
stickers are scratching sniffing II
never scratch and sniff a sticker at the
bottom of a swimming pool okay daddy
stop it right there all right
oh right there's three stories in that
bag we love the berenstain bears can you
say Thank You Tonya Thank You Tonya what
what 40 thank you so much Tonya you're
such a blessing that means so much to us
sharpener a little pencil case stickers
a little pad it doesn't have a name
attached it's a wallet what's on it the
frozen family you go there's ten dollars
put in your wallet what's run away an
open book for Abram open it what else
you got in there hey guys the battery's
about to down the camera we're gonna
finish the rest of these mobile well
share what we got tomorrow I want to
make sure you guys don't forget that we
love you bye
so my wife loves onions but it tend to
give it away of our intimate life if you
know what I mean but as long as I'm
eating onions - it's really not an issue
so I suggest if you guys are going out
to eat as a couple either both of you
get onions with the meal or another one
if you get it that's how me and I do it
right
