I just got home from working like what
my little treatise on the knees birthday
today guess whose birthday it is today
little boogers boy I was party today hmm
ah bad cough my brother you are my
sister made by the same guy loved by the
same
there's love
in this together gonna be here boys
birthday in the morning it's your
birthday and look what I made her
I made her a coupon book no it's in the
freezer
ah and I got her some flowers we got to
set it all up for her okay is that the
necklace you end up making her daddy see
he's in a birthday back in some puberty
okay great so he'll birthday barn okay
what if me and mommy can do him my god
well went out and mommy does well you
have that Swami about that so we got a -
okay we get a number six she's 26 years
old my mom six no she's 26
wow he's big she's pretty old huh he's
been around the sound a lot of times
let's guys are you and domes yeah and a
posh broken booklet him
what does broke the kindled we have glue
no maybe use more glue my degree so this
is the kick I got near its cheesecake
you having fun over your start boy yeah
morning I want to play outside daddy but
that is too high you can give I wanna
drop Akane
Jordan your mommy a perso senior happy
birthday let's do that before every a
week there's a breakfast sandwich a cake
the car and we're crazy flowers that
that turn out as great as I wanted them
to oh thank you
I would youth of them wanted some
flowers at Walmart but that we for God
oh you've got the grab some yesterday
sure there's the birthday girl
how does it feel you ready come to the
kitchen so I seen you happy birthday
yeah okay we're waiting give us two
minutes one minute yeah
yay that's the biggest giveaway I ever
saw in my life
pick up the baby and then you have
candles Oh Bobby's 26 years old this
land my late 20s I mean you're pushing
your late twenties thank you guys so
cute
mommy's a grown-up now oh wait look what
how she got mommy look at the little
book right there oh I made you a little
book yes I did Wow okay give me one
second we're careful this is foot rub Oh
a slow dance
oh he's out right now
make dinner breakfast in bed a bubble
bath and loads of laundry 100 light walk
I'm gonna do that one soon free wish how
cute
another free wish to free wishes free
wishes in a back massage alright now see
we're sitting at you in a bag you didn't
want to tell her what don't you want to
open it now it's her birthday
are you ready for her to open it oh
she's birthday mommy here alright and I
got a Coke picture she drew yes what is
this sister oh sure but it's awesome
Symphony that is so what else did you
get her
did you get me a necklace and I got you
this time difference you made it for her
it's beautiful moving at this one for my
day but my better has any baby would
like you're dead hey thank you guys
you're welcome such a lucky mommy daddy
Nigeria che get the birthday cake boy
the birthday girl right there
my coffee is amazing tan forgot to show
you guys then yeah yeah giant yummy
coffee over there I am nice cold word I
wanted to wish you guys a happy birthday
to it there I have a little list here of
birthdays that are today and that we're
in the days passed and so I just wanted
to give a little shout out to Justin
Crocker he's a good family friend of
ours his birthday was a couple days ago
Lilly Campbell I think her birthday was
yesterday and then today my birthday
twins we have Claire Jarmon and
Taylor Smith so happy birthday to all of
you guys happy birthday to you happy
birthday dear Xia Werth happy birthday
to you
my beautiful birthday cards for my mom
and dad they still spoil me so much
moola daddy gave me some money daddy's
so sorry
I don't know Bebo gave Symphony a
quarter I'm up bills now I'm gonna do a
little bit of browsing Gini the girl
doing my hair messaged me on Facebook
it's like hey girl run a little behind
so I'm just gonna kill a little time
this stores about five minutes away from
the hair salon so I'm just gonna look
around just for a few minutes and see
what they got here clearance clearance
clearance oh man I'm in trouble you guys
you know I can't pass up the clearance
I've already found three things that I
really like and I'm gonna get and
they're like cheaper than seven dollars
two dresses for like seven bucks and a
shirt that's gonna be like six oh my
gosh super cute it's all 50% off plus
another 30% off of that oh my gosh
seriously what am I supposed to do I
don't know and it's my birthday so I
feel like ah Sam's not gonna care
he said do whatever on one today so
thanks honey I love you Sammy
mmm and this is my pile I ended up with
like six or seven things I have been
looking for a little pair of flip-flops
like this for Abram for like months so
I'm really excited I found they're like
a size five six and he's in a four so I
think they'll he'll make it work the
only thing I don't like about it there's
like a huge dragon on the bottom of it
but it's okay this is Jenny my
hairdresser hi everybody
oh well you're so cute and tall we're in
her new shop what's it called Jenny
sexes teeth and salon Texas taisen salon
there's no sign outside and um last time
Jenny did my hair she was in a different
place I was like where are we where is
she taking me to but it's new this is
the first opening wait what is it was
the first day we're open yeah the third
client ever that's exciting
you um like this is like yours or like
y'all's together or you were like I'm
opening a shop we're opening
shop we're gonna do this that is so cool
so are all these booths rented out
normally that end of the day we're
seriously yeah we're girls bringing our
has been later to look oh that's
exciting
it makes me feel like I wish I did hair
so I could be like oh I'm gonna come
work in this new cute turquoise
chandelier salon this is classy jinnia
Luckett yeah
Jenny's right here telling her client
about me she said I'm famous where I
don't think horizon uh-huh I see her to
get me gobble it up for him this is
feeling everything yeah we did oh
goodness Jenny like makeup Jenny's a
longtime friend / hairdresser / customer
of me at maurices super fans of you
tomorrow you for all your home it's a
legit talk to is it this is assault like
me yeah rock I said for real song yeah
that's a real thought I like to cut the
toe out and made uh something out of it
talk but I'm high in head with it well
can't throw it away if you want really
you want it I guess I'll keep it I don't
know here's nappy today you guys I can't
wait to get it all fixed it's been
forever it really has just been forever
been almost a year
how do you like this look on you guys
are we I'm getting quite a bit cut off I
think I think I should get like an inch
maybe two what do you think I think so a
good inch for sure within a long oh yeah
like an unnatural they're scaring me
Jenny is like as tall as me while I'm
sitting in the chairs she's so little
I'm gonna let it process now so she said
I'm so worried Symphony has ballet
tonight I don't think I'm gonna make it
take her to ballet on time I'm have to
call my mom he's already told symphony
that she has ballet tonight so she's
gonna throw disappointed I feel like a
mean mom that is my birthday right it's
not a good excuse okay Jenny is gonna
wax my eyebrows this is my first time
ever believe it or not I've never had my
eyebrows waxed oh my gosh the agility in
the side of me that you never see or
know I've never had them wax before they
need it pretty bad I usually just like
pluck them or use the little you know
those little razors I think yes I use a
little shaver on my eyebrows I'm nervous
I'm gonna scream so scared oh my gosh
I'm gonna throw up
girl look again oh it smells so hot she
says whatever hurts when you put the wax
on or when you pull it all in one you've
a little so the wax isn't that hot no
okay are you ready
no Jenny I'm not ready I'm scared
chuckles my eyes what I want to do all
right close your eyes just real I Lee
yeah well as your uh I shouldn't even it
cuz I need to relax yeah look you guys
you're gonna see it all
okay oh my gosh I'm gonna know anything
this happens on the screen I'm gonna
like people on you here we go okay oh my
gosh I'm scared to death
oh it's not that bad okay I'm such a big
baby it's not even that hot that's what
I was so terrified about I'm just
getting a little sweaty oh it's so cute
and Pete oh my gosh oh you're about to
do it right now yeah like you do one at
a time
you mean I just do both to get it over
with yeah she's Larry she's like this is
hilarious I've never had a first-timer
oh my gosh I know I'm like 26 okay here
we got out one two one two three okay
that's fine here's round
blowing okay it wasn't that bad at all
okay oh just keep going Jenni how come
I've never done this before I really
thought it was it'd be like excruciating
pain you're a big wimp I have just been
so scared all these years like now all
those little hairs are gone cuz that's
pretty much your natural rubber Oh rats
well they used to be really thick when I
was a kid really yeah they were like
Jenny just said my eyebrows because like
her this hey guys
didn't what do you guys want her to come
do your eyebrows look at this view I've
got going here well okay guys let's see
Jenny is forcing me to do this I look
like a scary monster I know she doesn't
look scary but I want you guys to leave
feedback on which eyebrow so come and
zoom in eeeh let's see okay this is the
original over here wait I can't see
finger right there this one and then
this is the one that I created created a
little art a little thicker sexier
hey I'm not feeling it it's just like
not I don't know maybe I don't wear
enough makeup I did like getting my
eyebrows waxed I could have logged
holding my arm was tired but I liked it
felt good I was so scared
cannot believe I'm 26 years old I've
never had my eyebrows waxed before all
those haters be nice oh my hair looks so
healthy she's still not done with it but
it's looking so much I look at those
healthy ends and you guys hairdressers
out there we are going to what is it
taper feather I'm not sure feather taper
feather the front layer of my hair and
she's giving me some major layers on the
side and in the back look at that blonde
that looks good Oh guys okay guys I'm
done I'm gonna go rush and take symphony
to ballet I'm gonna make it a dish or
two whoa
we made it symphony missed about 10 to
12 minutes of class and she's in there
now so Oh take a deep breath that was
like go go go go go and that was fifty
bucks here
she did a good job I got home Abrams pup
was ready to go he was ready to go
stinky
and we just hopped in the car and made
it here oh good
woman come here show that let's show the
camera his shoes come here come here
okay little pooper
Haven loves his new sandals well guys
you gotta go I'm like already late for
work so don't forget we love you I
remember to love each other and on Nia
today cuz it's her birthday
bye Sammy have a good night thank you
you're so cute the birthday party's here
I'll show you how walked up and saw your
son
oh my cousin one more sticker in his
hair and though that sticker has been on
that sticker has been in his beard this
is awesome he really I'm showing sandy
my little coupon doesn't mean this one's
probably like the best the two the two
loads of laundry I was like what my
little neighbors brought these flowers
over from today was so cute in a card in
a cupcake
there's my flowers from Sam my car as my
coupon book
baby we got something really cool in the
mill today I'll give you a little hint I
can't show you anymore without games on
here down here yeah it's really sad
I'm enjoying my cheesecake that Sam
brought home this morning I have taken
about three different pieces just to try
it this one's my favorite so my birthday
is coming to an end not really I still
have a few more festivities for the next
couple of days so I am just spending the
last few tidbits of my birthday
sprawling out on our big beautiful comfy
bed that I just made up I love our bed
oh my gosh it's just like since I've
become a mom going to bed it's just so
exciting these days like it used to be
like gotta go sleep now our school in
the morning but now it's like the kids
are in bed let's hurry and clean up and
go to bed
it's so funny it's totally like how it
is sometimes I think I'm gonna play with
my hair a little bit and try out curling
these new layers so guys
if you liked my birthday then give our
video a thumbs up as well we will see
you all on tomorrow's vlog have a great
day the waterpark with an awesome has
too little time before I don't know what
happened I don't know what happened I
got big pick up big toe gonna mom Ginny
is like my personal um like advertiser
today she has told every person in
walking distance hey you know that girl
I made the frozen video this is her like
sound so like she's famous and we're
gonna be posting on your new page we did
a frozen mom's hair
