the waterpark with good yesterday and
also as too little but I'm for I don't
know why what happened I don't know what
happened I got big feet I got big toes
and I got big leg and I got hey guess
what guys
tomorrow's nice birthday turning the big
to five no no oh yeah
it's 26
by the same guy loved by the same heart
got to give
in this together I'm sorry cute 26
Wow are you gonna have a party any
freshmen over I think me and my mom are
gonna go out to lunch okay
so her mom's gonna bail or I might get
my hair done and watch the kids and well
I shouldn't know so she may go do all
those and that's fine with me because
it's her birthday she can go get us have
a spa day
hey little man would you never he's like
oh I see my drink
he's like yeah I'm too busy to talk to
you focused on the milk now you can talk
to me daddy you have my permission yeah
so don't forget to wish me a happy
birthday guys just like completely
explode our facebook channel our
Facebook's here completely explode our
Facebook page and happy birthdays Bernie
she deserves it 26 years Wow
I remember when I turned 26 years old
actually I don't
it's weird how the years just go by you
don't even remember they all just blend
together Nita is just like amazing at
giving birth that you know I've gotten
really bad no you have not only gotten
bad because I told her just to like step
it down a notch she doesn't have to like
you know go all-out for every single one
my birthday I started like going all out
and I'm and I'm like I go oh uh
really oh I'm glad she thinks that
though they don't man little man little
man little man little man Oh
usually at this time Symphony sitting
right over there
and I'm telling her stories about my ear
the ER patients that came in today to
all you hard workers across American
Canada happy Labor Day I just got paid a
time in half today oh yeah here's some
footage for you for Labor Day
you're gonna sweep saying you're gonna
celebrate your Labor Day so Forney's
birthday she already knows what I'm
gonna be doing for her as getting all of
this organized we're going to go to Ikea
and we're going to find a crafting area
like a crafting shop type thing and
we're gonna make this look nice as
opposed to what you see now I'm getting
ready to make a wreath Abram has been
napping forever this morning it's crazy
he normally doesn't nap this long it's
probably because it's really quiet in
the house and Symphony is not like
bouncing around I miss her so much but
anyway so I'm getting ready to make this
wreath and I'm super excited about it
it's a different color scheme that I've
worked with in the past so anyways I'm
gonna get started on this wreath and I
will catch you guys later
Abram is still asleep I finished the
wreath do you guys like it another 30
minutes later and now the baby is
finally awake
he slept for almost three hours this
morning
okay boy what do you do mean you said to
happy boy right now
Oh
welcome to me oh we've been lady beat
away give a mourning sisters not home
yet oh my gosh I can turn the vlog and
hold my purse in this stroller so me and
Abram are at this little town store in
Rockwall it's called hmb style something
like that I saw on Facebook today that
they are having like this huge sale and
so I'm going to go check it out there's
a style rack out here let's see where
else open come on in cute
Abram what's your favorite Abram
or it's getting remodeled so it's kind
of a smaller thing I'm looking at little
team up right later with the giraffes
pulling on my style but for some reason
I'm attracted to that we are getting
Samson dinner because I've never made it
for the grocery store today it just
didn't happen
medicine go down the medicine medicine
go down
nigger this two mugs
freshwoman
yes we have our printers all back from
theaters
Oh
driving it better down where it's wetter
take it from me
so Abram fell asleep in his car seat on
the way home and he's been asleep for
like maybe 15 to 20 minutes
she missed you so much really empowering
you go color as soon as you get home
usually hook you you had to be really
careful if you go in the craft room you
want to see the big mess I have I made a
banner today for a friend of mine her
little son plays football for our
hometown WP and I made this huge banner
today for him hey I did paint those no
I'm pretty cool I like it yeah I'm kind
of bright and in haste I'm very
important tomorrow is mommy's birthday
we have to make something for her
you aren't for I checked maker art
project or I think you should make our
card dough maker card you can put paint
on it write happy birthday on it kind of
art project
hey keeper and comb okay do you have
construction paper find me okay
second of all different kind of paper
you could choose for them okay got it
what are you gonna draw her for her
birthday I'm gonna make her something
very special
it's like a toy but not a toy it's pain
I don't know what I'm gonna make it but
I'm gonna make it okay what comes next P
that stick then born if that another P
another one and why
this is happy now we got a very birthday
- Mike's necklaces bracelet Tommy get
her bracelet from you and we get her
necklace oh my god
Jonah make her necklace you do uh-huh
with me her necklace out of towels
salmon's symphony are in her room did
something very secretive I gotta see
what's going on here
we help you
alright the doctor the nurse are off to
work daddy how the doctors for my baby
so you're gonna make waters and I'm
gonna fill them I'm gonna go to work
with me you can listen to people's
hearts and listen to their lungs I'm
gonna take simple Network with me today
today's take daughter to work day I
don't think they ever have that in
hospital that'd be cool though however
she did recently visit me
alright guys it's that time of the day
again don't forget we love you remember
to love each other
pick up big the sea monkeys aren't
getting guys these suckers are getting
big it's trying to scare me a little bit
how big these are getting look like
little goldfish now we're finally gonna
make it to Walmart today we're gonna
make it happen
I'm here with Myra and she just ran into
me at Walmart and said that her sister
Mary Bell and daughter Carolina watches
our YouTube channel so we're gonna take
a selfie together I'm excited let's vlog
our selfie ready Symphony she watches
our YouTube channel with her little girl
how old is your daughter she's four she
just turned four like you okay we're
gonna take a selfie guys I'm in need of
some new little laundry pellets for my
laundry so simply me you're gonna smell
them okay smell this once a day it's
pink
now this one's your favorite out of
these this one we're going with the blue
we are finally done in Walmart almost
one more thing okay so I just met
Victoria here and Walmart Ethel I know
we were just having like this photo
heart-to-heart I don't know what
happened we were just like sharing our
life stories over here she is so sweet
and cute from Arizona
can you peeps know her out there so you
walked other YouTube channels like what
is one that you like to know Marvel
she's really fun where every media I
think I've heard of her my family in
Arizona is such a cutie I'm so happy I
met you it's Sam and Nia on YouTube no I
was just having like such a stressed out
to him at Walmart and come over here
Walmart all the lines are full and like
back oh yeah Jenna from your Victoria's
line there's nobody here someone couple
buying like a pack of cigarettes I think
there's like nothing on the belt like
God save this line for me and Victoria
we were supposed to have this
heart-to-heart I truly believe it's it's
nice meeting you all right hey Leah
where's warmer went good today and and
we're going home
it was fun and now we're off to go home
then when when we go in the car I still
want to vlog teeth buggy you keep
plugging plug plug plug plug plug plug
knock knock Chili's silly face the world
would just awesome today
and we're off to home and I'm already in
my car seat I'm thirsty
like drink you have for me and we the
water park way good yesterday and also
as too little but I'm for I don't know
what what happened
I don't know what happened I got big
feet I got big toes and I got big feet
I bought this coconut at Walmart and
it's just a drink and I didn't know that
so I had no idea what to do with it so
we injure cut the top of it off
and he poured all these drinks out
apparently main uses for a tropical
drink
okay so I'm gonna try to like bang it
open with a hammer I really this is
working it's working
we're okay I'm gonna try it oh my gosh
that was crazy I'm still gonna try to
breathe kinda scared what if our break I
should have waited for Sam I don't know
what I'm doing here but I think I got a
little piece of coconut here's a little
piece of coconut right here anyway so
I'm gonna get this mess cleaned up get
the kids put to bed if you liked our
video let us know give us a thumbs up
and we will see you all on tomorrow's
vlog my so keep checking my page and
stuff and hopefully you'll be seeing a
little something new don't they just
look so pretty I love the way they
turned out kay something like a mermaid
or this is the cool thing about making
Reed's they kind of always have a key
rate hanging on your door because I'm
they don't shut them off for a couple
days and then sometimes people can't
come to them so Abram they're cute today
do the eyes can you away
