what is up with this crawling with stuff
in your hands this kid is just like so
ready to walk he's just being so lazy
about I don't know what his deal is so
he started like crawling around with
stuff under his hands and he's like
squirting these little applesauce
squeezes all over the floor I know he's
so great cray
you are my brother you are my sister
by the same guy no but if they
in this together we just got out of
church Davey did not come with me today
he has to work tonight and he did not
sleep last night he was
couldn't sleep I don't know what was
going on I'm also just extremely tired I
feel like I was like
during the service a which is so
embarrassing but I was just I mean we
just did not get very much sleep last
night and
this morning we woke up within like
20-30 minutes before we needed to leave
the house and you know that's just like
one of those things you just jump up and
you're getting ready and you're like
like I haven't even really had anything
to eat has nothing to drink yet I'm just
like oh my goodness not a very good
start to my day but still looking
optimistic Symphony is getting this
visit I with Anna tonight excited
I'm gonna miss you Symphony you can tell
me from right there what were you gonna
say
sure
I like this look with me I'm getting
ready to take pictures of these for my
website my Etsy shop and also for my
friend Katie because these rates are for
her wedding so I'm excited she's coming
over here in a little bit to pick up
these and also a banner that I made her
and I'm just really really excited not
only because it's Katie's wedding which
is something that as you know friends
that have semi grown up together a day
that we've talked about for years now
but also because the fact that she's
asked me to do several different crafts
for her wedding is allowing me to have
sort of a preview of where we Tasmania
will be in the future I'm gonna leave it
at that
and then as things progress and I
actually have photos to post on my page
I'll let you guys know so keep checking
my page and stuff and then hopefully
you'll be seeing a little something new
don't they just look so pretty I love
the way they turned out okay so I'm
gonna hang it on my door this is the
cool theme up making wreaths that you
kind of always have a cute wreath
hanging on your door cuz sometimes I
don't shut them out for a couple days
and then sometimes people can't come
pick them up for a few days so usually I
just hang up on my door that's pretty
safe place so I'll hang them on a door
inside the house but either way I've got
some cute oh my gosh
sunflowers get caught on the sunflowers
for your wedding to court Katie
gosh it just totally pops Katie to you
she's picking up all her wedding stuff
that we made how do you like it all
Katie
Abram you little vlog hog Abram is
drinking almond milk at the suggestion
of Sarah and Andrea today in the nursery
and he likes it thanks girls how do you
like your wreath and banner
love is a great word for it no it's
perfect exactly I thought it'd be yeah
that's what I wanted I was telling Katie
I was such an extra perfectionist I said
where I almost a professional is
perfectionist I was such an extra
perfectionist when I was making her
stuff because I was going to her there's
Sam he's getting ready to go for a run
look at that Wow cute yeah got the Kathy
approval all we need right what's up man
basic hey you doing I've been sleeping
all day long sorry I've been absent from
the vlog today I apologize from the
bottom of my heart I just feel so bad
about it okay not really but how you
doing we're just all hanging out
together I even picks his nose yeah come
on buddy get it big that's banana what
buddy
I just got done going on a run and I
never run before I go to work so maybe
this is the start of something new
something new improved a new and
improved Samuel we'll see how long this
lasts but it feels really good to get
out and get my heart racing or get my
heart going before I have to go into
work because usually when I go to work
I'm dragging myself and like all right
what do we got
what about patience so now I'm like up
and I'm fully awake and I'm ready to
take on the day huh you know I'm safe
some wise get some medications ready to
go give some life-saving pound all you
know what I mean
very good highway to it down there
symphonies at Nana's house you guys are
probably wondering why does simply go to
Nana's house so much she goes there
because if she doesn't go there we have
to hear it from my mom my mom gets very
angry if she doesn't get to spend
probably at least one night a week with
her right now
so we accommodate because she just loves
her so much we just found out Abram has
a black eye
come here I'll show everybody black guy
hey let's hear my guy Hey look look
everyone screen right there
I guess he's black guy on this side new
things maybe he fill in nursery to that
church who knows cheers honey this is my
new Sam's new thing Starbucks is a thing
of the past for us these days not really
but I have been making a homemade iced
coffee a lot lately every single day
before Sam goes to work I'm making one I
just do one cup from the curate
I pour my cream in put it in the freezer
for like maybe 30 minutes to an hour and
then I just said I squeezed in it no
sugar nothing like that you just get the
flavor of cream that you like and you
just pop it in bada bing bada boom
you know what he's giving Sonny he saw
me set my drink down can I have our
drinks bubs it's coffee you want your
own come here I'll give you one come
here I'm gonna make him his own little
thing here give him Abram a bottle and a
straw
look Bobby me damn wine for baby
you chubby little gorilla he's such a
lucky boy
you're so busy they hide that me mm say
hi we're going for a nightly stroll it
feels wonderful outside today we're
listening to Jack Johnson got the breeze
going visible guys did Nicki Julie I
think if everyone had this view while
they worked out they would do it more
often
is he the cutest little walking buddy
you've ever seen or what oh my gosh
she's so cute down there I swear he's
just so chubby he reminds you have a
baby gorilla I know I say all the time
but those roles and the way he just sits
like I'm here what's up this is fun mom
so cute
oh he just drives me nuts sometimes
hey bruh hey Bobby how's the walk going
you're so handsome I love you mama
hmm so mommy kisses happy he's trying on
some new PJ's tonight so I thought I'd
let you guys come along and see it
okay little bath boy which pajamas do
you want to wear will it be the one
called I know for the things I dream
about with a guitar and sunglasses and a
mustache good evening buddy what do you
think you like my toothbrush Abram
peek-a-boo peek-a-boo Abram peekaboo hey
good job
he made his choice so we're gonna put
his jammies on come on there's a little
hand he's on the move Oh Lincoln my
pajama boy maybe the little pajama boy
we went with the rocker ones cool dude
oh I love your bear brush his teeth and
brush his teeth brush his teeth
really really
bridges teeth are you trying to check
out his mouth you don't you it's that
time of the night again for me Abraham's
in bed and I am just going through some
of my wreath stuff figuring out what I'm
gonna do this week and just getting a
little organized you guys want to see
some of the cool stuff that I got this
is the most adorable fall line the Hobby
Lobby is carrying right now happy fall
y'all and it's like foxes and porcupines
and owls and Chevron and glitter here's
another one
how stinking cute is he oh my gosh I
love that one here's a little miniature
guy Symphony is just gonna think this is
so cute and then this really pretty
little welcome sign
welcome to Nia anyways it is super cold
in here if you're wondering why I'm
wearing a sweatshirt in the middle of
summer when it's like a hundred degrees
during the day but it's just really cold
in this room lately but I don't want to
like mess with the thermostat because
when I go to bed it's really hot in our
bedroom so I just kind of have to like
deal with it alright guys well I'm gonna
call it a night I hope that you've all
had a really awesome day if you liked
our video let us know give us a thumbs
up and maybe share it with a friend when
we get to a hundred thousand subscribers
we've already announced we're gonna be
doing some giveaways and some fun things
that we've been trying to plan so don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other rage awesome thank you thank
you they make me very cranky
just like there's just so much to salt
to cook dinner itself to take care of
myself on my kids and my family and so
much to do
