the city is here to pick up all of our
lambs symphony just think this is so
cool
daddy show me this before
it's watching oh yeah we can put the
whole thing
much
well chocolate drop don't drop boom cha
don't cha don't cha Lu didn't my brother
you are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same heart
well
in this together well good morning all
of you guys we had a very peaceful sleep
last night it was really awesome
abran woke up early like at 6:00 a.m.
and i nursed him he went right back to
sleep until almost eight in the morning
and it's been raining really really hard
since that point and I just love the
sound of rain it's been so peaceful but
so anyways I don't know what kind of
plans we have for today other than this
evening we're gonna go over to Beau and
shells house and hang out with them and
Katie and Mike yeah
yes I'm gonna make a Nutella peanut
butter smoothie for Sam from when he
wakes up he was up really late last
night and he told me yesterday that he'd
like to start off his days with a walk
or a run or a jog or something kind of
like we did yesterday so I'm making him
a smoothie and I'm gonna wake him up
I've got his running clothes out and
hopefully this will just like kick-start
his day and the kids I mean I think it's
really awesome for the kids to get out
in the stroller and you know running
around with daddy mommy whoever but you
know in this case it's gonna be daddy
and here we have it I'm not a big fan of
peanut butter so this isn't the best
drink in the world to me but Sam is so I
think he'll like it a lot I'm gonna wake
him up here in a second mmm bring in san
some water leaving it right down there
on the steps for him he got up he didn't
really like the smoothie I made him but
him and the kids are off for I guess
like a 10 15 minute jog walk run slash
thing I'm not sure exactly what's gonna
happen but anyways they are off we get
ready to go past those house sipping is
interesting I don't want to get up I
wanna sleep more just like my daughter
love you to get up out of bed right now
symphony we should be happy that you
have this beautiful family to wake up to
okay well your beautiful hair
okay you should be happy you should be
so thankful what do you mean what would
make me like beautiful yeah oh if I put
a shirt on what that make me look
beautiful
unbelievable symphony we need to have
talked about beauty okay being has
nothing to do with the t-shirt nothing
unbelievable my daughter needs some
lessons in beauty who wants to teach my
daughter about inner beauty anybody any
take us simply now do I look beautiful
all right I need to teach you a very
important lesson okay I know I have the
camera on and I'll invite the viewers to
listen in on this okay ah can you look
at me for a minute put your little
sketch pad now good I'm still listening
I know but I want you to look at me I
this is very very important I know
things that we say may may indicate that
beauty is in what we wear but our shirts
and our clothes have nothing to do with
beauty okay if somebody's wearing a ugly
shirt that doesn't make them not
beautiful okay okay beautiful is all
what's inside of here hey it's not over
my heart yes inside of your heart that's
where beauty's at oh do you remember
that yeah I grew up thinking I was more
beautiful than other people for various
reasons and that is one quality I do not
want in symphony I absolutely do not you
stepped on it would you step on a bug
okay all right load them up kids
remember your beautifully and
wonderfully made
okay just like everybody else Sydney
loves rain out here rain drops make me
cranky though that'll make you cranky
Symphony raindrops don't make you cranky
yeah then make me very cranky all right
we're at bone shells house
someone in Sydney maybe advisor dress
bar or a thousand other family members I
do come on everyone's invited everybody
spoke thanks man
oh hey guys it's the boughs house you've
been here before
waiting talents little pity I know she
liked me hey guys hi how is it going oh
good plastic walk today in a much less
showman everybody pnina's or prepared
penny news report no she just has so I
could get in this little lean mean fat
grilling machine so Mike and Katie just
got engaged so how was the proposal how
was the proposal how do you propose why
trick me into standing in front of
camera cuz I'm usually his test shot you
know okay and so he just filmed it
cookie dough Oreo tasted like you first
I've never had this before so good hey
first time for cookie dough Wario not to
die for but it's good
this guy not has the state of the art
everything checks out you got a plate
here that doesn't move he's got a rubber
bib with a little pocket so there's a
phone is left that's awesome and this is
Mike eight or Mike so eight is good we
did this high chair stay to the yard
right there is Abram getting around eat
going on a circle his feet hey are you
gonna make the brownies
I don't know where a bowl is hello
nominated Nia to put the brownies he
actually went out and bought brownies
for need a cook can't believe that my
wife is associated with double chocolate
you want to make me know you'll do it
it's for you have a ball you on it I do
have a mixing bowl they want your
special brownie touch I'm like there's
no that's true I would be one of those
people yes I would yeah hers are nice
and moist that's true are you getting
mad
the April's in your care he's like get
out of my state you want a repeat
somebody and pure turkey the best parity
videos are recorded to anybody who wants
them they're awesome here
then mum you see mommy why are you
talking to Mike is that look like mama
what calling you mama
I'm like mom hair and the body okay it's
hard
transportation I guess are a type of
machine that runs on the water
uh-huh Joey yeah yes key button in
another word general light energy
strength energy
yeah but what about some kids play with
these toys yes oh my gosh go forever
yeah you're up there like a pea another
fatter baby like it's a certain kind of
one yeah go ahead
spinning dizzy sleeping I laid a light
headed my head on a pillow
yeah in the pillows on a bed so that is
the first yeah late
ahead lay your head down it's good res
bad rest stop
no Bob this is what we used to have
before we put everything in our phone is
like a day planner
yeah what's the specific day on your
calendar called it's called a what is
today's date and then it's not known
magazine but uh they see what you read
journal no no no there you go what was
it a demo goes twice
I got every table in any restaurant me
flowers
I saw pepper shake girls one I actually
don't know who won overall I bone shells
house tonight but I know
what boys won more games
how can that be so we're just gonna come
on okoma right now right now combo
hey boat Sam I'm just calling for you to
verify that the boys did in fact win the
game overall if you give me a call back
as soon as possible
silicon's asked for this way that'd be
great things have yours home babe what
are you showing them that you your
wonder box items and what was this HIPAA
knee oh wow it's so cool
well you guys are looking sharp tonight
brother she's Andrew this is Mary true
I'm saying me too tall
thank you you are tall brother hey guys
love you little brother
that's why do you where you guys going
you smell so good look good just my work
clothes oh it is yeah are you guys going
out tonight expected
we're gonna go play pool but I did one
block my house set actual Pellinore
tavern when I suppose there's a live
music upside for the clothes okay you
can't sell them in a pocket don't forget
that on film
I'm doing those got a fight zipper
pocket in here a big one and this is a
baby boy Kenny what are never running
past this guy's bedtime yeah you know
what times at 10 o'clock 10:30 hopefully
mammal muscle-up avery and it's almost
11 o'clock
daddy's got a bed li TT the big one for
me as a mom for you because you're
making up stuff does he see me maybe
it'd be nice to have some hay yeah amber
he doesn't do it to me if he sees you my
arms he'll reach for you this is not
fair and this is not making my bar here
ever
uncle Matthew yellow that's way past
bedtime we're having no more food oh she
loves it uncle Matthew - look at that
wait you live oak we grew Samuel simply
says she wants uncle Matthew
when is room a bun so today my room is
called it murder there's a hangar where
you don't want your football hey see if
your weights for unity no injustice to
us a cup he needs this right now
whatever this is good for you right now
for your series right there is there two
months ago here it was done and over
oh I know all right guys brothers are
all gone kids are all sleeping house is
quiet cuz answers out here there's no TV
on don't let our TV is on his ins houses
when andrew is over there like every now
and then we'll let simply watch the TV
right here but honey PDA get a room with
me there all right guys um any last
words
honey it's almost 12:00 a.m. Sam I think
we should be asking you that
what are you gonna be tickled until you
can't breathe later you better not miss
Lasser it or not oh I will and if I have
a phobia of being tickled
it's a phobia it's just that I can't
breathe when I'm being tickled it's
hilarious it's really here to come back
tomorrow and watch us at the spa it'll
be fun and don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other guys okay
he loves it they look for their sand
crab
