we're on a family joke I went to the
house to get water for the kids because
the Sun came out as soon as we decided
to get out here like we're in the middle
road the Sun starts like beaming down oh
here we go
Sam the leader of this job you are my
sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
heart we've got
to give
the world
in this together today I've been in a
funk so we're outside jogging trying to
get some vitamin D a little bit of
ultraviolet rays to our brains I'm a
jogging a long time
I used to run quite a bit but I stopped
because I had calf muscle injuries I
also get a syndrome called performance
syndrome the gluteus minimus tightens up
around the sciatic nerve beside ignorant
straight through that muscle and some
people I guess and me it does as well so
it tightens up while I'm running that
causes like a severe cramping in my butt
while I'm running stuff like stop in the
middle of long distance running
and do some like but stretches it's
pretty humiliating so I just gave up
running all together what about you
honey
pop into your I'm never I hate running
I'm not good at it together such a great
runner she's where the shoes I was
running with I didn't plan on running
not already he'll blister it on the back
of my heels nothing matters to us he
wants to go again knees and runners mode
runners love we're gonna go get some
water now sit these cooling off to feel
good
did you guys hear that she said daddy
what if I swing your viewers Oh
so guys I'm headed off to Bible study
slash discipleship meeting Sam is on
daddy duty for the rest of the evening
he's all geared up so what turned your
divert oh my gosh I'm gonna light a
match to do that oh my god she is so
hilarious you never know what's gonna
happen with this guy around oh my gosh
that is so funny
so Symphony is probably gonna be daddy's
big helper this evening I believe
they're all going on a date a daddy
child date symphony woke up and first
thing this morning she's like a broom
everywhere you excited we're going on
today with Daddy cleaned out the car
today
what is this orange stuff I see I love
you love you until the car that I
cleaned today say bye bye mama
bye bye
all right mommy's gone so far Abraham's
own great he usually just screams when
she gets out of sight but I've been
trying to like hold him more often pick
him up and I get home
change him when he wakes up feed him
sometimes when he is around and he seems
to be helping we're comfortable in my
presence yay you're happy Mama's gone
I think he's happy about it first things
first I need a cup of water then a cup
of coffee
hello
what was that bass guess what's
happening this is you and me
a neighbor mom is gone
party time yay party what oh hey time
yay teen age might want to come with us
on the date you said it's just me in you
and a from time it is you're right yeah
good feedback freak frogs night way from
me sweet feet frogs feet frogs
I like feet frogs so yeah those you guys
are just now joining us on our channel
I'm a professional snowboarder and my
wife is a professional model know if you
guys knew that or not but yeah that's
what we do and we blog about it daily
every weekend they fly me out to
different countries to four different
mountains and these are our kids
Symphony say hello and Abram we have the
most perfect children in the world
three blog about it I bothered you with
Abdul dabba doo doo doo doo doo devil
you look cute
wonderful out there oh it's okay
just leave it there for now because cute
little nose that you figured out show
saber Hayden is that not cute or what
but you're being in a hole what so cute
that's like a baby music so cute doing
it look at this leg you see monkeys have
gotten big yes see I'm swimming around
and early that
symphonie decided you want to see into
turtles instead of going to eat mark
you're gone you like that movie
your girlfriend popcorn so Ninja Turtles
it's already started
this is going to be interesting Symphony
I hope you like it so we went into the
movie there's almost towards the very
end the clock in this car is wrong and
that'll ever drive it so I didn't know
it was an hour off so I thought the
movie had already started though it's
like 10 minutes in so we cancelled it we
got our money back we're not watching
the movie I'm not waiting here 40
minutes and then two hours in the movie
so we're just hanging out playing games
I guess we'll go eat somewhere in a
minute here
you're bored you're bored did you see
yourself on the vlog yes the other day
oh yeah 50 cent corn dogs today that's
on it yeah so we got three corn dogs $4
bitty simply the thing in the park
Michael's hanging out with us too
I was feeling kind of lonely for some
reason he sensed it called me there's
some ice skates roller skate is that
cool
sure
this looks like a very dangerous sandbox
the sandbox actually looks like a big
ashtray slash little boss oh cool
just gonna put it anything that it's
funny is it funny yeah well don't do it
too hard I want to get his eyes yeah I
want a feel for me and they run the play
okay we'll get your sandbox Oh My
heavens and adorable oh now don't rub
your eyes no no oh no come on neighbor
go get the receipt
go get the receipt
he loves it no don't go there
little sand crab
wherever
that's very feet he just wants a call
around that thing is scaring me yak our
bite no make
how to make it hey huggy do with that
yay
are you scared symphony
is it scary
like he's captain's for you the calf's
carry the chairs are I had a thoroughly
inspected before up front every minute
for black widows look at this
yes he'll that web right there yes Jerry
feel hot is is that it again that
concrete block is freaking me out you
want to take it not really
yeah you happy because she does this
make you think of the beach every Rosa
here
he was made for the beach just like
Daddy hey we're gonna work across the
street over to sweep rocks can you throw
that in the trash can you throw it in
the trash
yeah thank you
it's one of the reasons I came to Sonic
I really don't want to look load them up
into the car twice so we're just gonna
cross the street how do we get out of
here you ready for some yogurt you ready
for yogurt can you open the gate for me
all right go ahead after you darling
here let me get the door for you
gentlemen always get the door I got it
look after you sweetie
ladies first I insist feels good real
good like a breath of fresh air doesn't
change the fact that mom shirt pull pull
pull it pull it
now
I gave you to me it is hard to go all
the together man it's hard
these are karmic affair
we made it home I can't believe it we
actually made it home don't worry my
mask
oh man it's pretty exhausting taking two
kids out one body's gonna soar Wow
somebody got a little moustache in the
gumball machine on her
I did something laughs uh cuts of small
things for some reason look at him ha ha
he's already walking around oh he
stopped going mad cool dude good acting
is upside down
Todd say so howdy gals say hi Abram I'm
your daddy yeah talk like a man though
what is the longer Gary sister sticky is
it really sticky there's my beautiful
girl hungry you just took whole dogs
she's hungry again or is Nia where is
the mother of these children because I
was just reading something to combat
your writings running loose on my blog
for today I thank you so much for the
encouragement you guys are awesome just
want to start to get down about our
videos you guys swooped in and just
knocked me right off my feet and make me
feel like I don't know make me feel like
I'm on cloud nine
so thank you okay that's an exaggeration
but I really do appreciate you guys
supporting us just for some courage if I
were to play songs I can't go any lower
than that
weh-weh what's up hey Jake it's here
pizza's here Tiffany Cindy's gonna share
his pizza with her yeah that's probably
a good idea can you believe she's eating
again
unbelievable thanks Andrew I appreciate
it man love you bro it was a good guy he
really is a good guy
do what he's my favorite uncle uh-oh
Michael did you hear that she's not
gonna like that Michael's not gonna like
that sorry Mike all right guys this is
my little brother Andrew he appeared in
a few of the bar we're gonna miss him
sabado sabado Calandra by viewers we'll
see sippin that bubb you were said by
the hand room Andrews going away for a
very very long time we watch football
24/7
he's going to watch football and when
he's not watching football he's gonna
watch reviews on it on CNN why oh yes
ESPN just every day bye - bye-bye
robocall Andrew next time I see you go
to walk say bye but you better be able
to walk the time we're seeing him again
look at hand it's just like walking yay
yay yeah you're a little puppy hand is
it a floppy hand clapping hand to see
that is a floppy hand clapping floppers
little toe it in the bathroom calling my
name and I can't use it with the kids
run around I was work hi Xena oh I just
put anyone down and he didn't even cry
is that awesome
it's not proud of myself I'm so proud to
be everyone's daddy right now I rocked
him to sleep with the bottle and I put
him in the bed very gently and he like
nearly jumped out of my arms and he
rolled over to his stomach spread his
arms out and slip didn't even move
walked out of the room close the door
never cried alright guys don't forget me
Symphony Abram and mommy love you and
remember to love each other
ah so all of our family love you that's
true
- can you say Dada Dada would you do my
baby daddy
Felix dusty everything looks dusty
mm-hmm bye foggy mm-hmm did you get
something in your eyes no it sure well
