good morning fanbase ik how you doing
long time no see what it's been 24 hours
or so
yes something uh something to say real
quick daddy one day I am a computer
smell that scent see and I opened that
word up and and they smelled it and my
pit is on the lids and it guy and it got
sexy on it
emmalin's oh man good the lenses okay
that's pretty funny though
made by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to give
in this together when you see the dirty
bowl of jell-o and the sink it wasn't me
who ate it it was me I'm working on the
blog guys and I have to say I'm very
sorry for the headaches dizziness nausea
vertigo or all the above that we may
have caused you from our filming
technique in the last couple of vlogs I
mean they've been horribly shaky video
and I'm really sorry about that
I mean just me going over the video
makes me kind of nauseous it may have
something to do it this little tripod
that was given to us by Mike from church
we've been having it on the bottom of
the camera and I think we've been using
as a handle it provides less
stabilization than I originally thought
it would so I've taken that off we'll
see if it improves today when you have a
channel you can speed up food eat it
hey why did you paint your face with it
I did you did the scientific method so
me and Symphony are gonna be doing our
first-ever science experiment we're
finishing it up today we're gonna glue
it on the poster board to make a whole
little presentation out of it
what is our science experiment over
today yes the flytraps guitar
can't do this punished
do it just like mommy okay okay first we
are gonna go gather up our traps so
let's go find our traps hey put it on
the table okay so here are all of our
traps and our hypothesis was how many
did you guess with the catch yeah okay
Symphony which step are we on now we're
on the orange analyze your data and draw
a conclusion so now we dad
the data is we need to counter bugs we
need to see how many we caught there's
no bugs in there okay jar number two you
see any in there
can you count it
you see - in ours yeah we got two flies
let mommy
okay - okay we caught four symphony so
will we write or were we wrong Wow
that's right okay so now we need to log
it we had two in this one and two
another log
yeah not vlog it but log it we're
finishing up our project and we found
some pictures of red wine and we're
gonna put that on our little storyboard
over here we brought everything else
here we've got some pictures of fruit
flies this is pretty cute for her first
little line symphonies getting a cut by
herself with mommy
careful baby okay there's Stephanie with
her brew science project so what is this
called again Symphony the scientific
method good job she wanted to play with
the coffee maker keep closing the lid
open and shut and I was like well I
can't list it by this donor and make
sure you did the fall all day so I've
got a pan in the little melody right now
he's just like a beaten mess out of it
so happy about it even this is taller
and if we ask for packet yeah it has
four packages of brownies in that big
old box over there and that whole thing
costs $2 and 57 cents whereas a typical
box of brownies costs two dollars alone
is that not crazy I was so excited y'all
know I jumped on that sale
what a good job do you mind closing it
up for me now
Symphony you're really learning how to
do your chores really well good job
no only when we do it okay come up here
we'll make some brownies now all right
guys check out my help is this the way
to cook or what if silly noisily one
more I put a tiny bit on the edge of a
little spatula for a broom this is yummy
brownie Hobby Lobby and Mardel we got a
couple of Angry Birds flashes on nice
lush Angry Birds slash zombies splash
vampires back here and one thank you
little baby finger you got to learn how
to do that sandy you're about to have
your own baby
I don't enjoy your theme yeah say needs
me my nice little helper over here yeah
I'm trying to stay organized but I have
a list inside the wrong book really it's
the wrong book but we need to pick out a
sign-in sheet for when you guys get
signed in to church you can sign your
soap into do you all want to help me
pick I liked these three okay let's see
which one cuff likes leave it there
which one do you like when you like all
right we will go with the colorful one
this is exactly what I needed for my
storyboard in the nursery I'm excited we
just have to find little boards to make
the storyboards out of my grandchildren
of course there
they're eyelashes Bria we're so long
they just make hi
didn't you tell you something I'm gonna
sleep in your bed tonight
because if in your bed tonight
Oh cry it's just the question and you
can sleep in my bed you want sleep in
your own bed why does it make you
emotional do you love your bed dad dad
can you say Dada Dada Dada Dada what you
do better my face
daddy toasters ba and mommy gave me one
brownie in Vegas oh goody goody
would you guys have for dinner um lunch
go with boring you do I mean you don't
wanted day you're gonna date oh do you
like to go update through this because I
love you
oh that's such a ham
it's a little ham bubble b-two though
this is simply jewelry so far it's need
give me an update on this thing this
link has become a burette tree actually
such a day I was in the kitchen and I
hear symphony rummaging around here they
sent me what he did she's like getting
all the jewels from the jewelry tree
coming in it's off the pony tails out
over joy soon as you press your teeth
when were using grown-up tooth pain okay
kids are sleeping now me and I are
working on some stuff creative stuff she
done here working on her wreaths I've
been at my computer slaving all day over
wedding photos that's why I haven't been
in the vlog much today I have to catch
up on these photos I owe it to these
couples to get these photos back to them
in a timely manner I try to get him back
to him within a month so I'm still
within the month
vlogs I've been seeing a little bit born
in the past few days just you know it's
hard to make it interesting every single
day but we do our best so I'm so excited
okay we just hit 98 thousand one hundred
and fifty three subscribers and that is
super super close to 100 thousand
subscribers right so excited and we made
a little announcement on our Facebook
page yesterday if you haven't seen our
Facebook page go check it out there's a
link below in the description but we
made an announcement saying that we are
gonna do some giveaways once we hit a
hundred thousand subscribers and we are
super close oh my gosh thank you guys so
much for sharing our channel and liking
our videos and just helping us get this
far it's so fun and I don't know I'm
just super excited and I'm really
excited to do some giveaways for you
guys just to give you guys back a little
bit of what you give to us should we
throw a shindig what do other vloggers
do and they hit a hundred subscribers
subscribers I'm not really sure I was
thinking we should do like a big meetup
in the Fort Worth area like schedule
like a good scheduled meet up with
everyone kind of cool throws people
around a watch this won't show up let me
cool I think we should definitely make a
cake with like the big play button have
a cake made maybe just get like a whole
bunch of screens and play all our vlogs
at once like how many vlogs they have so
far
I don't know 160 something videos that's
where all my time is gone okay okay
they're not all vlogs of course like a
few of them are but okay alright guys
we'll come hang out with us tomorrow
we appreciate you stick around with us
these kind of short boring monotonous
days but tomorrow we'll try to make it
butter just for you guys alright guys
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other bye
I'm gonna go to the post office and take
