simply such a good color for spring
credible if you stays in line so well
you're making a triple horse de
printemps
honey wait don't tell me that performs
by the same guy loved by the same
in this together good morning everyone
as you guys know I called into work
yesterday we just got done eating
breakfast I made breakfast this morning
I'm feeling a little bit better still
feel I got the chills and a headache but
I feel a lot better as long as I'm a
motrin I feel good I slept all day after
I got off work the other day then slept
all night long with Nia so I probably
had a little bit too much sleep we'll
see
only time will tell so we're listening
to Al city he was taking care of this
morning
yeah the think was just terrible as you
guys saw my midnight run to Sonic last
night and so I didn't even get any of my
night work nightly housework done it was
like the house was like crazy and I woke
up this morning but this guy made me
breakfast and that motivated me to do
anything and everything in such a good
mood you okay Danny what do you want
what does he want something what
Symphony was around - were like one and
a half - I used to cook breakfast almost
every morning for her
I just didn't make her eggs all the time
those importantly Nia was working and I
was a stay-at-home dad so I did a lot of
the breakfast cooking at that point
what's she doing
you already my camera there on the
tripod yeah wonder bucks
those are blurred let's not pick it up
yet though just wait a couple more days
okay Sydney leave all these flowers on
this tree yeah I put a flower in your
wonder box you got Bob you put a ball in
your wonder box you're so you're
supposed to only put green stuff in your
wonder bucks
oh wait that ball is green it always
supposed to put nature in your wonder
box is green too no toys in your wonder
box okay Wow because your wonder boxes
to put nature items in it it is you're
right but your ball is it a baby it's a
sack of babies I think we're gonna open
it up the kids inside by the way guys I
did kill that Black Widow that you saw
the other day why because they're
dangerous they sting you look make you
very very sick but we're going to open
up this little sack and see what's
inside that you were telling it to go
get
mostly it's hard open it's not really
opening up for me
mm-hmm it's really rubbery never mind
I'll just throw it away okay
why because it might be a bug be music
here we going sit run away Froggy's okay
there it goes
did you have fun out there time to come
inside
sounds like you said in the heart time
we're back inside now
knee is putting Avram down for a nappy
naps
let's go spider I need a snacky-snack
yes he's cute Symphony and mommy made
jello yesterday I'm gonna try it out
when she's packing the baby Talbert nap
what'd you guys put in there blue bean
and fruit kind of fruit little berries
and what else like pineapples yeah I
went to tried it so that's the jello
that I was telling y'all that we made
yesterday yeah that's okay
symphonie really liked it I think her
and Sam tried it this morning and when I
asked her did daddy like it and she was
like daddy didn't even try it but I saw
this bowl that was empty and it had you
could tell there had been jello in it so
I think that means Sam didn't like it
what do you do in Legos getting into
stuff Symphony and I started back during
our school work yesterday since it was
everyone's first day back to school and
it went really well
we unintentionally took the summer off
and it just kind of happened
but um Abraham's a lot older now it's
only been like a couple months since
we've really done it regularly and now
that he's older it is so much easier to
get back in the routine of doing
schoolwork with her I just feel so
excited about that we didn't take a
complete break we just didn't do it
regularly every single day like we were
before he was born and so yesterday and
today we made time for us for you know
what really good I'll have to vlog some
of it tomorrow we're learning lowercase
letters but there's still some letters
that she writes like uppercase but
she'll write them small abrams made a
mess back here with Legos he's getting
crank crank Abram baby baby he just
looks like a little baby gorilla
sometimes it's so cute he obviously
doesn't want me to talk about it look at
his face you don't need me
it's my lady so after now we're gonna go
to ballet class
oh you mama I gotta go to the post
office and take a bazillion wreath boxes
Mel off some stuff for Sam and I'm like
oh I don't want to do it it's so hot
outside I'm like it's gonna be okay it's
probably gonna take me about an hour
it's 214 right now we'll see what time
it is when I get back into the car to
leave hey guys no see me back here so I
don't know if you guys remember us
telling you that we lost like all of our
keys but our p.o box cubes on the first
set of keys that we lost and so it's
been a little bit since we've been able
to check our p.o box so I didn't quite
take me a full hour but I got back in
the car at 2:50 libo came with us today
to watch symphony go off to ballet class
are you excited I'm shaking on the
traffic cook I did it loving
I'm gonna show baybel the new boutique
that I found flush that's the name of it
I didn't tell you guys last week so I'm
gonna go show my mom that baby
we get a broom in all this flap say
peekaboo this is the secured dressing
room area my mom loved this store she
got across and Cincy as well there's the
proof she's checking out
did you listen to it did you learn
anything new
yep good job this is a book all about
Symphony a little bear named Symphony
Big Sisters are great a story for
symphony from bebo oh yeah you do so
well I'm sway tight oh my goodness what
did you get oh it's a Hawaiian dress and
aloha happy birthday Symphony sorry it's
so late Michael and I got you this
Hawaiian dress we know you would look
adorable send us a pic of you in it we
love you and miss you and hope to see
you soon love Uncle Michael and ahndrea
Oh somebody say aloha that means thank
you in Hawaiian I mean thank you know
since we lost our porp we weren't able
to get like a lot of Memphis
you think I'm your reader families
probably just you got your own cab
hey pramook you got a little trunk a
cement truck just cement truck he loves
it
driving driving a little cement truck he
wants to push it around it's okay
oh he loves his truck Jerry do you love
your new truck buddy
this is the purchase family Burgess
fairings of the Herceptin thank you
pronounce it Burgess from Guildford New
Hampshire ex her five-year-old son watch
it every evening together he picked out
a couple things you saw in the store for
a symphony and Abram Jimmy Lee they
shaved their necks together for st.
Baldrick's that's what that picture is
up from last June Melinda no thank you
they can make noise
there is $3500 together her son
oh alright I'm off to work now guys I'm
a little bit nervous that I might become
sick again at work cuz couple days ago
when the motrin wore off I felt
miserable I was pretty much useless as a
nurse but I'm gonna go face the day be a
man about it
and try to be the nurse that I was born
to be all right guys well don't forget
we love you and remember - no way and I
did and I did I oh wow
yeah Oh Don I missed it Abram walked
with this thing for like a second and
then he just plopped down before I could
hit record good job what a big girl oh
my goodness
symphonies been working on this for a
few months now and she's gone farther
today than she ever has before yes let's
keep practicing ah I need help there you
go go for it
you might be wondering why I have red
Moscato sitting out on my table with
just yesterday I told you guys that we
weren't wine drinkers well we have a
little problem here
I'm not sure if it's the heat or the
fact that we've got a lot of fresh
produce or out and about since we went
to farmers market but we have a bad case
of fruit flies and they're driving us
crazy so I bought this red Moscato like
forever ago to cook with I made like an
Italian dish I mean I set out these
traps that's what the internet condom I
set them out like not even five minutes
ago I went and got symphony and then I
showed her everything and there's Artie
just like they're flocking to it do you
see it I see them so now symphony and I
are about to try out this new cynthy
that we got today yeah Wow wanna smell
it
yes we're all ready okay guys we're
gonna say good night little guy stuff
say good night
so Kimmy don't forget me love you into
me member ankle of each a day that's
like they're hard about the face turn
that mic off me bought me pretty good
I'm actually pretty sick I called in
sick to work today I had a fever okay
guys so I know we already say goodnight
and everything but I just have to show
you when Symphony and I are we're
deciding to go to bed we started talking
about the little fly trap thing that we
have going on and we made a full-blown
science experiment out of it and
tomorrow we're going to write down all
the information we even did like
research we made a hypothesis like this
is a full-blown mini science experiment
for us and I am so excited for Abraham's
nap tomorrow morning so that symphony
and I can get to our schoolwork will
usually do our schoolwork during his
morning nap and I just seriously cannot
wait to get started on this so stay
tuned
