didn't get stuck you are my brother you
are my sis
by the same guy nobody say
got to give
we're elbow
in this together we're leaving the
grocery store and this little guy is
very upset he did so good the whole trip
but he just dropped my wallet on the
ground in it open up and well everything
went everywhere and now he's in it cuz I
didn't let him have it back then I had
the car key getting ready to go put it
in the ignition to start the car and now
he's really upset that he can't have a
car key for a little guy everyone out
there looking at me like crazy person I
cannot get around the car to get the
girl she's on the side that I want them
in oh no there's like smudgy smudged
everywhere the nernst himself is sick I
hate seeing him sick it's not fair
I just want to pop him on me and hold
him well it's over a hundred degrees see
where it stops at yep he's got a fever
101 degrees
you're gonna calling cutie I gonna put
it
persona throbbing headache I'm sorry
he's making all over now I'm playing
nurse to the nurse himself
I'm gonna take some motrin if I feel
better by five six I'll go in on a
brighter note Abrams feeling better
today and he is in such a good mood you
should see him Sam he has just been like
laughy and just like real peppy all day
it's so cute what are you doing body
neck looking at the mess with the
keyboard come you Bobby
touch daddy's keyboard he's writing
girls here she loves my desk
okay boy did you smile oh oh my god do
you like this monkey simply used to do
this to all your tears Abram you're
writing emails no writing emails K hey
oh my goodness yeah go find something
else please not my camera go for the
camera now don't have a lens cap on it
oh man Abram I took some motrin and I'm
feeling a lot better I still feel like
you know like chills I keep like heating
up and getting cold but for the most
part I feel better I just got a bit roll
up yet or anything that's all my
director I'd go in if I felt better if I
took a motrin I feel like I'm in like
these cold sweats and over time I get up
I feel kind of dizzy whoa whoa whoa whoa
hmm did you enjoy green time today yeah
you were so rough Michaels about to
FaceTime me hey Mike you caught me
vlogging what pretty good I'm actually
pretty sick I called in sick to work
today I had a fever
three calling to see this guy you
calling to see this guy we take him off
the desk and he starts screaming
don't y'all show oh my goodness what is
he doing he wants you Michael
Avram look ready
got nearly as amused as a baby went
viral see you said dad you have lots of
hair under your elbows feel the hair to
my old man let it off in the kitchen
there's like it's stuck more Navy all
myself
sure may help you oh but come on he's
got this cool camera that projects on
the wall oh those are your pictures
let's see all your pink you doing hey
drew dollhouse I take that picture okay
it's a good shot
this is my castle and you took that look
cool and I take that too
we're getting ready to make our jello I
think we're gonna make a little jell-o
pudding salad type thing with ricotta
cheese I've never had that before I've
had jello with like whipped cream I've
had it with cottage cheese but never
with ricotta so I'm excited to see how
this tastes okay there it is in there
it's chilling it has to chill for about
two hours just like regular jello and we
put in some fresh blueberries and some
other fruit so we have yes with the
ricotta cheese and we chose cranberry
flavored jello so we'll see how this
tastes I think it's gonna taste awesome
but fussy like are you tired to see your
tap oh she's over here practicing your
tab go ahead practice
for home sweet B it has been a really
crappy day today so I'm about to go pick
up my friend chest and we're gonna sneak
to Sonic kids are in bed I think but her
husband's in bed mine's in bed sick and
now you guys can't see me there we go
yeah so as I was saying it has just been
one of those days there's really nothing
specific going on it's just been one of
those days where I'm in up just funky
mood I thought I was gonna just go make
a wreath but then I was like wait a
minute
I should see if Tessa wants to go to
Sonic with me Tessa lives like right
down the road from my house and I was
like do you want to speak to Sonic it's
just I can't let's do it what do you
guys do when you need to just really
unwind at the end of the day I see a lot
of statuses on Facebook where it's like
kids are in bed let's break out the wine
but I'm not a wine drinker usually
crafting or doing something really
productive around the house can really
just hop me right out of a bad boot but
today I think that's what was putting me
in the bad mood I don't know what the
heck hey my gosh this is the most
exciting thing ever I'm like why have we
not done this before I know right okay
there's such a high outside oh hey I
thought for sure you were gonna see me
like set that up in the car okay
I know Mom time so we're just sitting
here talking all of a sudden Tessa's
like dolls look really good
and you know we all know the sonic menu
so like what and I turned around and it
that those look amazing I wonder if it's
just sprinkled on top or if it's mixed
it's really just sprinkle
guess I'll find out I'm gonna get
Snickers again races I'm gonna race it
okay this is really good
they're good no yeah it's really good
really messy so Tessa and I ended up
sitting in her driveway for like an hour
and a half just talking after we went to
Sonic we dropped off some movies at
Redbox that I had to return and then I
took her home we just sat in her
driveway talking and chatting and
catching up and I gotta say I feel
really really refreshed I mean it was
just like exactly what I needed
okay so now that I'm home super super
late I'm gonna go ahead and tell you
guys goodnight if you guys liked our
video give us a thumbs up and let us
know and we will see you all on
tomorrow's vlog bye good get loose Giga
booth gotta play peek-a-boo peek-a-boo
peek-a-boo peek-a-boo he's so cute do
you have some Lucy
I have Harry under
