okay guys we're going into target to
shop for other children who do not have
a lot at Christmastime not ourselves I
have two diction good
the Christmas tree I'm so in the
Christmas spirit this year I usually
don't get into a joker Thanksgiving
photo man I was just thinking I really
want tickets to go see Dancing with the
Stars life yes they're coming to Dallas
in February it's so doable I looked it
up online they have VIP together
everything what do you want for
Christmas babe you can go ahead put it
in your wish list on Amazon so I know
exactly what you guys what do you want
for christmas what do you want
I'm sorry get back in the car come on
alright guys I promise we're gonna do
something fun ok I'll sing you a song
it's a little hit it's gonna be fun
you're going to run if you knew how to
read you know I'm gonna read that sign
up there babe you got it basement warned
us kids
it's called obstacle Warrior kids so
it's kinda like urban air but there's
obstacles you guys can jump through and
run through and stuff oh that's so neat
perfect guys this is right next to Home
Depot I got some shopping to do
I have two diction's right now guys it's
not good I have an addiction to Home
Depot and fukken high it's a hard hard
life
did you swing on it
there you go pour yourself come on throw
your legs up there come on get your legs
up there
don't worry about it come on Jose jump
jump
like gymnastics on steroids it's so much
fun let's get a dream
go play can you say cheese wow I'm so
tired
wow the struggle is real ready
what
okay guys at Wally's party supply to get
an angel from their Angel Tree okay
that's a girl ten to twelve thirteen to
sixteen a boy and seventy four five to
six perfect little girl birthday two
years
let me say moon Thank You tree yeah dude
okay guys we're going into target to
shop for other children who do not have
a lot at Christmastime not ourselves
Juliet you'll have a little girl birth
to two years old that's theirs I hope
she doesn't deserve to see you get to
shop for a little girl
age 79 and you'll get a little boy aged
five to six
do you understand buddy we're shopping
for other kids who do not have money for
these types of things okay you're gonna
buy him a Christmas present okay
almost as tall as this is a huge five to
nine oh yes a perfect toy surprise see
what you think buddy is that perfect for
a little boy
somebody from birth to two years old
okay we're going to pick a target group
inside
with this woman
okay it's Symphony's turn what do you
have your eye on so far sis is there one
of them that stand out that you think a
little girl would love if she didn't
so I don't know how but I think you'll
open it and in the bottom of it and then
you put the babies puppies in it and
then you duct it down and puppies come
out that's a great one Symphony why you
can get it all right I think we're done
all three kids have picked a little toy
for our kiddo eyeballing these toys like
they're so cheap
remember you're filming I'm a vlogger on
YouTube oh no it's cool you want to be
on it my hands don't notice anything in
my hands
hey babe candy no I don't have candy or
a dime in there put the candy down dog
we're being quiet cuz Juliet just woke
up yeah Juliet woke up it's just pretty
mad so I wonder back to bed we came in
here is apparently we're being too loud
piano really loud out there alright well
we'll see you tomorrow
oh don't forget we love you remember to
love each other underneath this paper
towel is where it was amazing folks
today city's not fair how we're gonna do
that guys get out of town perfect
actually
