push combo should we put always it you
need to pick probably a yellow or blue
made by the same guy loved by the same
to give
and this together happy Sunday morning
to me today I got to get the kids ready
except they said this is the dress she's
wearing she just has to pick out some
shoes they only have like 20 minutes
left
Abram still sleeping Nia had a head off
to the church early to go do some
prepare for her little pillar she has
two things a bows she has this side and
one over there that one need we need a
dark blue like the blue one a dress Demi
I like white like baby blue right how do
we do this should I brush it first
where's your brush right up here or
something like that did I do that right
I don't think maybe oh oh that
I don't know what I'm doing here do you
love it what okay where's your other
shoe I'm gonna go wake up a room now
come on
hey can't do a cup so cranky it's okay
buddy
stretches stretches stretches Tiffany
come show me whatever I'm supposed to
wear what's that just a shirt that's a
long sleeve it's too hot outside these
excited about little monkey this is what
I found for the little guy
found them a little draft outfit
everybody buckled up
what about doodleberry
she's got up
okay better hold it tight how's little
man doing yeah okay over here buddy
all right off the church we go gotta go
pick up Eric
whoo first cure you oh man yeah guys
what's up this guy
well Eric and I were talking on the
drive
symphonie fed abram Oreos oh no what a
mess that's why you were so happy back
here
Andrew want some more attention on the
blog this is the girlfriend everybody
this is a picture that come true
what is it sandy that's tough that's me
reaching up and grabbing Jesus and just
grab him did my first round of training
for a little pillar today we did the
nursery
I was incorporating a few new ideas and
things that we're gonna start doing
every Sunday and so I had to kind of go
over that with the previous workers and
now the new workers that are coming on
board and so I'm just gonna share with
you guys something new that we're gonna
be doing it's pretty cool unique idea a
prayer sticker and it says blank was
prayed for today each Sunday the
teachers are going to make a point to
intentionally pray over each baby in the
nursery and they kind of back that up I
found a scripture that's going to be for
us leaders in little
it's Deuteronomy 6 637 and these words
that I command you today shall be on
your heart you shall teach them
diligently to your children the event
shall talk of them when you sit in your
house and when you walk by the way and
you and when you lie down and when you
rise and also when you go to church to
serve enter their ways and now I need to
put my shoes on
sure symphonie had a great idea on the
way home she said we should have cereal
for lunch sounds good sounds good to me
Tiffany let's do some cereal you can do
raisin bran and I'll do what do we have
in there fruity pebbles you wanna do the
raisins oh you want me to try the Raisin
Bran big abouthe peekaboo
you know how to play peek-a-boo
peek-a-boo peek-a-boo peek-a-boo
peek-a-boo he's so cute I've never seen
him do that before I don't think me as
either has that mommy seen that on me
I've seen it I haven't got to see it yet
neither have you guys so this is new for
us Abraham's first bowl of cereal the
Raiders are known for loving cereal I
remember his symphonies first time not
cereal where she could eat her own spoon
she had four little bowls of cereal and
I was like well that girl's a Raider me
and I swear fella Sam he would eat
cereal for all three meals seriously
sometimes I think he would
and I've also come across a new recipe
that I love kielbasa
Nikki likes it
bubby is a wig and now it's time for me
to get ready to start cooking our dinner
it's gonna take about an hour and five
to ten minutes hey did that Bay so we
are making the kielbasa I was telling
you about this recipe is actually called
kielbasa made easy and I didn't realize
that the actual name of the salsa is
chilled awesome so what you need is your
sausage and a bottle of barbecue sauce
and actually two cans of the jellied
cranberry sauce and then you're gonna
Brown the meat in a skillet so I got to
get started cutting it up and putting it
into the skillet next step is to put
them down in a crock pot and you pour in
the cranberry sauce
that's always a wee good texture when
you're cooking supposed to be an 18
ounce jar barbecue sauce I forgot to say
that so now you turn your crock pot on
low and you cook it for an hour I'm
gonna pair mine with this craft stovetop
cornbread stuffing I'm telling you this
is a super easy recipe I'm trying out
today on Sundays I like to do really
simple things that are also really yummy
what am I talking about I like to do
that every day here you go thank you you
are welcome another one ah thank you for
the help Symphony give me five good no
what are you gonna do you know beef
jerky all right I'm gonna do oh yeah
that looks cozy
it's so good now what are you getting
ready to go do green time yay
sip he's gonna have her first green time
today I'm so proud open the door
folks before the world discover new
things okay you come back in ten minutes
the world is your canvas I love you have
fun
so proud of her she's so brave she even
mentioned it to me a couple times she
said I was gonna do green time after
church what before church they're doing
a green time I can't wait simply I got
you a wonder box anything you finally
put it in here okay
like anything cool dead bugs sticks
rocks anything like that okay like we
can leave it right here if you want to
if you find think you just put it in it
look there's a seashell right there you
see the sea shell dig it up get a stick
and dig it up just trying to dig it up
but you can't get it just can't help but
want to just watch her though hey what
are you doing that's okay that's all
it's okay you'll get dirt on your hands
yeah don't worry about it five minutes
later how's it going got some stuff you
get the seashell out sipar to you that's
awesome and let it Daddy
that's a cool leaves too huh
a tickle star though that is let's find
like a piece of wood or something and
lay it on the ground and then a couple
of days well pick it up and see what
goes underneath it what kind of bugs use
it for shelter how about that somewhere
over here oh you're right there's a wash
nuts up there we're gonna get rid of
that let's set it right here we're gonna
leave that there for like four days sure
I feel like a bone
hold oh look on the bottom I don't wanna
yep it's empty
there it is that's a wasp's nest that's
where they live
see the holes they go inside of those
holes and they sleep and they lay their
babies yeah that looks like where they
put their babies to eat yeah exactly the
parents sleep in there too everybody
sleeps in here is everybody's house
y'all put in your discovery box put in
there it's okay there's no bugs in it
it's if you don't want you to feel it
with your hands it's a really cool soft
material feel it hold it there you go
feel it like this put your hands over it
no those were part of their eggs those
are their sacks see the babies came out
of that hole but they're gone now those
are part of the egg sacs put in your box
where you gonna keep your box yet oh you
do cool yeah keep your box right there
it's a good spot for it
you trying to hear the ocean inside of
it
but I can't can't hear the ocean yeah
okay alright guys don't forget we love
you remember to love each other and
remember go outside and play okay please
just remember that you see the black
widow the call screen do you see the
little kid over I've had people come in
the ER after being bitten like people
usually make it a lot of people say that
deadly it can be deadly but very rarely
did it cause death what were you showing
her from Aladdin I think Sam was having
a little bit of um you know Niigata
soulja for a lot in a Robin Williams
excuse me are you talking to me did you
rub my lamp did you wake me up did you
bring me here and now you're gonna walk
out on me
