this was a last-minute thing totally I
was getting really creative this morning
I'm gonna try something different
something creative outside of you know
what I normally do photos video
something like that so I'm going to try
my hand at cooking today and you guys
are gonna come along for the ride you
are my brother
this
by the same guy loved by the same heart
not to live
got to give love
where I won't
in this together sippy you're not
leaving us are you you're all packed up
and ready to go oh no my big girl look
at this so cute she's got a little bow
on there is that your little baby daddy
whoo baby
is it a sweet girl you have a boo-boo
where's your boo-boo hat show me where
honey booboo SHhhh right here what
happened
No did you hit it on something who put
the bandage on there what was on there
sweetie it was a cut it was bleeding a
little bit
Oh daddy where you going man mommy's
seen by a symphony and guess who's
extremely jealous this guy he just can't
handle it oh you poor guy Oh run away
from the gels boy hey Bloo yeah can I
pick you up buddy
let's get all the stuff okay daddy's
gonna go
I'm not going down the stairs with Super
Mom I got him I got him hi
oh man sorry should have been in my lane
Sonia lost her key okay somebody lost
our keys and now we're using our spare
key
well actually here's what happened we
lost our keys we started using one of
two of our spare keys and then we lost
that one the other day so now we're down
to our last spare key and it makes me
kind of nervous we gotta find those keys
we lose this we're poop out of luck
so me and I are off to Walley world you
guys know that I didn't have to tell you
you guys know what we do one other day
they've made we go to Walmart
daily routine right honey excuse me
ma'am we're the Hager stakes that a
major stakes
no Hager stakes I'm going to put in your
fakes tonight
you're like strips of steak
I was trying to a recipe and it requires
Hager steak 1 pound 2 1 pound Hager
space link for Hager steaks I'm going to
be cooking tonight
I'm Miss Piggy here is going to help me
find the steak I need
camera I'm not it's on me it's on me
that's you okay Oh
now states began
we're about
States what about these what is this it
looks like something like this overcook
this isn't the it's a steak it looks
like a shoulders take it's really
something okay maybe that's where I'm
looking for something like that yeah we
have
no I don't think so but I don't like
Salmonella closest ingham time out of
here
I appreciate it yeah this is what as you
guys can see I don't shop for me ever I
was just telling Tam it's really good
that we're doing this together because
sometimes he questions why I substitute
certain things in recipes he's like why
didn't you just follow the recipe
exactly what tasted really good and now
he's seeing firsthand why they didn't
have a steak he needed he had to get a
substitute
I don't ever smell
oh my gosh I'm so embarrassed I was
mispronouncing the word its hangar
stakes not hate your stakes let's see if
they have a hangar stake Peggy oh no
Peggy's gone where's it at
I see like shoulder chunk top blade
ribeye t-bone
where's hanger okay so yeah hangers take
as part as a cut from the diaphragm and
the closest warmer has is the flank
steak so that's what I'm getting instead
one Nia always opens food at Walmart
we're are you ricotta ricotta patata
we're kind of cheese guys it's not by
the slice cheese it's by the sour cream
I'm learning a lot about food shopping
for the recipe where is the seasoning
aisles it says she's not sure if we have
time so I think we're wrong by some I
want mine he says perhaps time I thought
it was time
I will focus for some reason but time
we're gonna buy time at Walmart tomatoes
parsley paste I need that for a recipe
I'm making this week this is a treat for
me Sam is kicking dinner for me I am so
beyond excited already I've been
thinking it's been it's been known for
about an hour now that Sam was going to
cook dinner and I've been thinking off
and on this whole time what can I do
while he's cooking dinner for me I've
decided I'm going to do a lot of laundry
make up our bed and probably work on a
wreath and then sit down and just enjoy
oh man I hate shopping I'm feeling
creative when I went in there hoping out
I'm just like stressed Sammy it's
kicking up a storm in here for me in him
how is it going well I decided to have
to make baked potatoes I'm gonna do
grilled potatoes cute I guess I'm full
wait a second cubed potatoes nervous
it's a flank right there I read a little
bit about the flank and they say it's
really tough steak that's kind of a
disappointment because it's one thing I
like it's tough steak you wouldn't be
honest guys I'm not really sure what I'm
doing here I'm trying to cut this steak
try to butterfly it but I'm having a
whole lot of trouble
does this look about right besides a
steak horrible cut though
I got this piece you start watching some
cooking channels any suggestions out
there okay not cut up or cooking that's
for sure there's a piece look at that
pretty piece I got my potatoes going
over here dice them up into cubes
and I got garlic on it and onions ah I
could get used to this just look at this
over here
I got a potato packet
mmm-hmm is he good-looking or what oh
I'm just like swooning over here yeah
Abram loved Sam's water bottle I think
he feels cool like he feels like dad
mm-hmm
there's my beautiful grill with my
beautiful coals I got my steaks already
and my poke tight hose it's about a
medium heat so on put the needles up
there like I know what I'm talking about
I really have no idea what I'm doing it
suggests a medium rare for these flank
steaks because think you're so tough and
the longer you cook it the tougher it
gets but nee and I both eat our steaks
well Don so said cook for 12 minutes I
guess like six minutes each side little
potatoes I guess longer I'm not really
sure but I'll leave this open or close
it I'll leave it half because I don't
know gotta go finish my sauce so now I'm
finishing up the chimichurri sauce and
what's in this chimichurri sauce is a
red wine vinegar olive oil salt garlic
and parsley a little bit thick you're
supposed to grind it kind of weird
consistency this is turning into a
disaster somebody please help me oh look
at this
I got a really clean up after myself
come on this is the sauce look how thick
it is
it's not a sauce it's a paste
Oh mom stressed out right now
and I'm looking out the meat on the
grill looks like he's cooking way too
fast
breathe this is your meat so far guys
this is it this is what I've done to our
meat it's cooking so fast oh man
practically burned it this meat is done
good burnt so far I feel like a failure
and that kind of brings me something I
wanted to talk to you guys about do you
ever wake up and you just feel just
worthless you don't feel like you
deserve the life that you're living you
don't feel like you deserve
your wife if you don't feel like you
deserve your children you just don't
feel like you deserve anything you're
just like really down on yourself you
guys ever get that way I do I do
sometimes usually when you get that
feeling it's a good sign of selfishness
I'm starting to learn I've realized once
I'm just once I start giving I feel so
much better about myself and I'm not
even thinking about myself it distracts
me from myself and I'm giving so that's
something I've been working on and I
challenge you guys to start working on
giving to each other instead of thinking
about yourself thinking about poor me or
you know throwing yourself a pity party
on yourself worthless try giving like
completely forgetting about yourself and
giving to somebody else I never ever
ever cook as you guys can see by my meat
right here this burnt meat so yeah this
is a way of me giving back to my wife
I'm all done come here honey thank you
turn up pretty good the sauce is
delicious just not as thin as I wanted
it to be Andrews gonna be eating with us
today i'ma go get Andrew he's gonna be
so excited
Andrew guess what suppertime
what come on before it gets cold
come on so this is what we got guys
we've got some flank steaks here grilled
potatoes with ricotta cheese on top and
a little bit of thyme pepper onions and
garlic with top it off topped off with
tomatoes and the chimichurri sauce to
mix with your steak this looks amazing
damn you always outdo yourself
I always know you're Russell
hey here it is what do you think what
this is so delicious oh my gosh there is
such a difference in eating steak on it
from a grill then like cooked in the
oven or whatever this is so good ah draw
a little man
don't pick his nose his nose he's got
like eye burgers like Guzzi boozing
boozing out of his eye like continuously
it's so sad he's got conjunctivitis non
nurse prints would rush your kid to the
hospital for this kind of thing but it's
so common it's just the type it could be
viral too he was saying bye oh but yeah
not me I'm a nurse oh go away with Tom
tweaks to antibiotics sometimes we'll
take care of it faster but I like to put
medication in my children's bodies
unless I absolutely have to express
antibiotics and you can see the plates
are clean
that's Andrews plate no joke okay any
cleanup that good but everybody loved it
I loved it everything turned out great
anyway guys thanks for coming along
today don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other no seriously
love each other guys also don't forget
to thumbs up our video today if you
enjoyed it or thumbs down if you did and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
Oh
