well the challenge is who can eat these
hot peppers without wincing grimacing
moaning or crying okay or laughing
forever or what you are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same
love
in this together Ola Kendra's home
no come back I'll turn it off
Andrew does not like being on the vlog
like no again you don't really like
Andrew would you look at that nightgown
she's wearing that's pretty cute it's
umbrellas upright and upside-down
umbrellas I love it you never open up an
umbrella in the house okay
but you know why because you might knock
something over
that's the only reason line not because
it might be bad low Laurie viewers of
loggers and loggers hey you guys doing
on outside again be reminded of the work
that I put off because of the vlog I
have not more time on since we've been
doing this vlog so I just got back from
my discipleship meeting with his ebony
hey I'm talking to you what are you
doing no hi hi what are you doing crazy
kid do whoa everybody's riveting your is
garam hey bro where's his blankets cover
up with he doesn't cover up with my kids
he's too little wiggle wiggle do the
wiggle oh he's got a new move now under
have you seen his new move called shake
a bottom no you ever seen the shaker
Bottineau ever I'm shown shake a bottom
Jr feat green time that's what I'm about
to vlog about honey Oh
so I've been reading this book called
the last child in the woods and I
skipped to the very back where it says
suggestions I read the first few
chapters such a long book but I'm
reading several books at once you gave
this idea to do a green time with your
kids where you basically make them go
outside by themselves for 15-20 minutes
and make them explore and just be
outside alone and discover things on
their own bill things think you know in
solitude everything we say outside how
qualities of God that's what we forget
sometimes trees a variety of trees God
didn't have to make a thousand different
species of trees even how do can make
one country but he chose to make
countless different species of trees and
that's a quality of God he is variety so
we're going to start doing that green
time I think she's old enough now just
turned 4 and we're going to encourage
her to go outside by herself and
discover
ignore the Princess Leia here I've got a
thing going on but you guys have to see
this you did not fill up the gas tank
all wood Mesquite then to rock wall and
back home ha ha ha you told me we need
to be here wrong yeah I was late for
work
I'd like literally stop got a car you
went to meet with Heath oh my gosh I
just can't believe that I had to fill up
the tank again yesterday I was supposed
to belove the tape cause it was empty
and I was like no I'm gonna just I'll
make it home because also I was only ten
miles from home you're going to two
hours worth of driving yeah I'm
sleep-deprived give you some credit here
I'm giving you some credit and you're
always I seriously do not think about
the gas but I can probably gonna run out
of gas before I get to the gas station
no way it's it was on Bob empty that you
can go and tell it goes below I'm just
laughing I'm not that with you I just
cannot believe that you did that sorry
okay I do this after I spray my beach
wings spray into it and then when I take
it down it to nice and um wavy to the
side the way that I want it to we're
trying to squeeze an extra kid in the
back over there is she back there
is she in there oh my gosh good job I
didn't realize you put her in this step
to my ears today I just kind of take it
down and wave it back it's still not
going to be like the perfect curls like
I like I'm not trying to curl I'm trying
to get the my Beach ways to go back on
either side of my face so we'll see how
it works pretty windy out here so I have
a lot of errands to run today I'm going
to pick up things from my auction and
I'm also going to be dropping off
several hey welcome to vlog Tess I got
recognized as my friend the other day
she's famous now yay Tessa so we're off
to run a zillion errands I have to get
gas and I left my phone at the house and
I've got to go get it because I have to
tell people like hey I'm here or hey I'm
like
ten minutes away whatever so this is
Nicole good friend of mine we go way
back and her hubby my hubby goes way
back to like wait wait wait wait anyway
so we're delivering goodies for my
mother-in-law to her and oh my gosh I
forgot the jamberry box I had so much
going on this morning here to pick up
another item for the auction this place
is so awesome you guys are gonna do I
want to go shop there hey you're on the
blog look at the baby in there you gotta
check out this cute little outfit for
symphony oh my gosh this is the one that
is so stinkin cute get that I want this
line for symphony hit that for Abram oh
my gosh this F is so cute such a good
little working mom over here yeah I'm in
our where a chick-fil-a now with also
Nicole there's Nicole we have seven kids
with us I think that's the most I've
ever had in an outing so god these three
right here oh this is Caleb we all know
that little ham cambree and our girls
are already off in their plague
abra was open finding my laugh and in
his chair he just hunted me free oh you
and my little sidekick and we're getting
ready to do the coral on this shelf back
here there we have it
hey everybody welcome to DIY time with
Michel Raider and Sandra Paul Raider
today he created this shelf actually
shouldn't create you painting it was a
brass rosy brass it was black iron and
what she did here is painted the the
bars white and she coated these plates
and this new coral on top of here with a
sponge right place in this court work
was originally a right over to my we've
got her be inside see what happens what
I want any of that
see what happens walk out that way to go
this way I just totally tricked them
alright this is it the finished product
we got a little turtle on top honor from
frozen and there are sea monkeys on the
bottom I decorated it myself
do you love it I love it you did a
perfect job thank you it's like you know
we embrace the fact that we are parents
and we have no say in the decoration of
our home
slinky shop was really into putting his
finger up his nose does that look right
there okay look he's trying to get your
nizzle alright Andrew I are gonna do the
hot pepper challenge
these are habanero peppers you ready
we're not eating one though
pick one I've ate one of these before
pick one you have to it's part of the
challenge I challenged you as I'm gonna
sign up for it though I challenged you
you have to it's not about me now all
right here we go well the challenge is
who can eat these hot peppers without
wincing grimacing moaning or crying okay
or laughing forever
Oh what okay follow it
I can't chew it enough okay I read can't
you
it's like it's not chewing dude oh oh oh
man I'm thirsty not chewy
okay well that's why when you give me
okay dude yo I can't choose my chester
dinner bite through a ton of Boerne - to
buy like hot food yes I like hey yo
words in a habanero
oh let's Ricky's making it work okay
well you don't something in the will ah
let's hung it to Bernie about our milk
in my mouth you know I'm don't be any
butter ah
mmm Bolton huh patella
maybe Nutella will do all right Andrew
and I can't get our tongues to stop
burning so we're just gonna go ahead and
try the cinnamon challenge and maybe
that'll help with the burn when I was a
cinnamon ground cinnamon so we decide
we're gonna do the cinnamon challenge
we've never done it before it's an old
challenge but we've never got to
experience it and guess who we convince
to do it with us
tada this pretty lady right here yes
who's first
yes you're first
come on you have enables you had a
swallow without coughing you got to
swallow it waiter good job Wow take it
back right you doing good there's my
dream that's spicy
yeah what is not powder anymore oh man
yeah I spit out you did it good Thank
You Morgan give him more than good okay
this is a roller cinnamon or wheat with
something wrong yeah that was to cough
it up no point guess whoa all of it if
you can't spit any of it out it's
impossible to swallow all of it that's
the thing is that the tail yeah my turn
it looks like I got the biggest spoonful
oh man I really don't want to do this
my stomach is going really like baby I
was heating it up to that pepper all
right we go
oh yeah
are you serious you're serious oh okay
okay okay
oh gosh how'd you do so good dude all
right is disgusting oh gosh I'm so gross
I was really throwing up this now yeah
that wasn't fake well I guess man drew
wins you guys got you booked it really
good oh the big boys are please don't
tickle him with the baby
big dick kiss me I'll leave the guy
a big nose
what's up for the baby you know me you
might be able to call talk to him
looks like he likes it got her I didn't
mean to
that sucks
boys car sure I got on a face on
accident
you okay Sophie I'm so sorry
we're exhausted horse Anthony huh we're
exhausted huh sim - got all wet she
didn't like it and love in her eyes
yeah you did I like water in my eyes
Sydney and I wanna say good night
don't forget laughing incoming number
text 11 chappy
yeah well see you guys tomorrow
I know I'm gonna take a picture too oh
my goodness you my kid she smashed her
finger I'll be back
