okay well I just loved the princess in
her ballet class she's right behind this
wall over here oh my goodness I
seriously started crying the second she
like ran in there to her little chair
she put her backpack under the chair I'm
gonna cry again oh my gosh
by the same guy loved by the same
got to give
and this together hi viewers
I mean good morning viewers and mommy
organized the frigerator yes is some
poor man just like mommy don't see my
face right there good morning viewers
good morning 11 month old Abram Abram
has such a cute personality it seems
like he's aged since turning 11 when
Seoul
he's more independent he's talkative
he's silly
hey eleven month old feet
Abram say hi are you making him laugh
today is Symphony's first day of ballet
class today yes after nap time I am so
excited but I'm just a little bit bummed
out because we don't get to stay in the
ballet class we either have to sit in
like a little lobby area or leave and so
I'm probably gonna go walk around the
little strip center with Abram on my
front pack there's a few little stores
like boutique stores and shops and stuff
like that you could check out so I'll
probably do that while she does her
ballet class I totally get why you can't
stay but I just wish I could watch at
least the first class but you can't you
can only stay for like a few minutes get
some
and then they scoot you out and Ronnie
you're gonna twirl like that I wonder
what you'll learn to do you remember how
to do first position and your feet show
me first position good job I did color
guard in high school and so I do know
some of the terms for ballet and dance
positions and whatnot like 1st 2nd 3rd
4th 5th position I guess now I wanna get
a trophy why are you gonna get a trophy
that tastes good buddy you're gonna eat
your crib looks like you've already been
tasting some over here
no buddy you do it show me that face
symphony does this thing that makes
Abram laugh a lot make the face I don't
know why but when Symphony makes a funny
face at Abram where she just stares at
him he just loves it do it says who he's
excited boys are so different from girls
I swear symphony had the same mobile
that Abram had and not once did I ever
see her grab it like this and shake on
it and he does it every day like all the
time you just grab it and go rough with
it I'm like oh she's such the difference
between boys and girls there's more I'll
show them to guys that come along with
goodness just so different even as
babies ok it's time for me to restock
Abraham's cabinet full of diapers here's
a little insight into his diaper cabinet
who got wipes up here and blankets over
there and a big new fresh box of Target
up and up diapers look at all these
diapers Abram scooching him around so
he's gonna be stocked up for a while the
next time we have to buy diapers he'll
probably be in a five I would assume
because we have so many so just a cool
little thing I like to stay stocked up
on diapers occasionally target will
offer free shipping for certain
the mouse that you spin if I always take
advantage of that and buy diapers last
time though I waited too long so I had
to go to Walmart hit the parents choice
you guys saw me talking about that but I
do really like that brand these days
it's funny because these off-brand
diapers are my favorite diapers with
Abram all right I'm gonna do a little
diaper comparison here the parents
choice feel like a more absorbent
material and they're thicker and then up
and up from Target are significantly
thin and the outside of the diaper feels
very like trash bag ish which I'm not a
fan of and these diapers have gone way
up in quality I mean way up in quality
since Symphony was a baby anyways that's
my take on the off-brand diapers from
Target and Walmart what do you guys like
the best which diapers work best for
your kids
oh my goodness look at all this cute
stuff or fall that's adorable
I ordered a cardigan that's really long
and cream and lace just something basic
and cute that I can wear with like all
of my stuff I bet it sitting right in
there you want some perfume Symphony
Cheney I need my package yeah there got
it this is my cardigan that came in
today you guys want to see the full
effect
there's my cardigan look at that
I love the detail this is a staple for
my fall wardrobe got lots of dresses
that I want to transition from summer
into fall and this is the little ticket
to get me from summer to fall it's time
for me to do another coat of paint what
I did last night it did pretty good but
it did not quite cover up the black
creases here it is in daylight see
there's just some smudges and stuff I've
got to fill in those cracks okay now
it's looking much better this third coat
that I put on it really covered up those
dark spots so I'm super excited about it
yeah I think I'm gonna do one more coat
of white then I'll start with my coral
what do you guys think I should do with
the coral this was my plan I was gonna
very lightly brush coral over the bricks
and really show the accents of the
flowers should I put some coral on the
wire part too what do you all think I
feel like I just want to leave the rest
of it white you know like less is best
it's time to get the princess up for her
ballet class she's napping I gotta go
wake her up she doesn't normally like to
wake up
ballerina you need to get dressed for
ballerina class soon Thursday being
pretty my Sleeping Beauty I'm so tired
would you like to rest a little bit
longer don't you want to go to ballerina
class and put on your new twirl shoes
you just want a nap well you just need
to get woken up huh what color do you
want to wear today okay let me get it
out for you while you're resting pink is
your favorite color she says hey baby
I'm right here I'm so excited
what perf will be like this is Joey this
is the day this is the day that the Lord
has made that the Lord tells me I will
rejoice and be glad in it and be glad in
it let me sleep
oh are you so excited this is a big day
for us you are okay Symphony you got
your belly bag with your top shoes in
there and you're ready to go right okay
when we're going to do the cap wears
what we we have to get oh we have to get
the touch the touch because we do baby
you ready
are you nervous oh good
I'm waiting right here looks like a big
class to you too beautiful very what do
you say are these friends that are going
to be doing it - hi what's your name
I know I'm gonna take a picture too oh
my goodness she smashed her finger okay
well I just lived the princess in her
ballet class she's right behind this
wall over here oh my goodness I
seriously started crying the second she
like ran in there to her little chair
she put her backpack under the chair I'm
gonna cry again oh my gosh oh I cannot
believe my little bitty baby girl is old
enough to go to ballet without her mommy
like she's in a class that doesn't
require mommy and it's not Church this
is crazy I can't imagine what its gonna
be like on her first day of school this
is just oh my gosh I wish I could stay
so bad there's a little boutique over
here it's called oh there's no name on
it I don't know what it's called I'm
gonna go inside and check it out are you
shopping with mommy in this door how
cute is this little store so cool they
have a little shopping please right next
to the EM yesterday Oh excited about
that my oh no a little trouble but there
is a sale tract Abrams and symphonies
old stroller I have not bought a new
umbrella stroller that was for boys yet
oh yeah these are totally me right I
think I found the winning pair of
glasses yeah I think yes I like these a
lot thing you wanna grab these are on
sale
no I know there's a crack in the bottom
of here symphony is i right over here
I don't feel so silly the way I'm like
hunched down back here but I can see my
little 100 give me a little feet happy
the
can you guys see where symphonies at Wow
oh my gosh do you guys want to get down
here and look I can move I'm sorry okay
I'm trying to hear you can we compete
through the door over here they are so
cute
excuse me and some of the other moms
were peeking through the yeah we're like
down on the ground peeking through this
little crack in the doorway how did it
go did you learn anything cool
you didn't even turtle I'm sorry show me
what you learned it did you
did you learn did you learn any
stretches
that's beautiful you got a sticker that
was my favorite part too precious what
was your favorite part while you danced
was it tap dance ballet was it tap dance
you like tap dance a lot oh cool when
all the grown-ups left what's the first
thing that y'all did
do you remember any of their names
your job you look like a natural in
there
hi viewers I'm getting ready for work
I'm really sorry that I've been so
absent in the vlogs but I have to go to
work or 12-hour shifts it's like it's
like there's no time to be awake at home
I get maybe an hour simply what are you
up to down there you're on doll
I don't know isn't it honor who sent her
a little doll Katie in a lake I think
snack before I talk to work now
banana and the throw-up it's really good
me recently button to tell us she's
gonna make our recipe right Oh how give
me banana nutella roll-ups oh she's
gonna use bananas yes oh it's really
good guide you subtract banana and
that's hella I used to eat peanut butter
my bananas but I don't think I'll ever
do that again now that I've experienced
the Nutella really liked it that much
I love Nutella you love it no because
I've heard that before that no more
peanut butter no I eat Nutella this is
my fourth meet up today for auction
money and whatnot Kajal is Tessa know
that you want answers for Willie and we
are finishing off the night with a
little bit of coloring some frozen don't
forget we love you and remember to love
you time peace out bye guys love you
well we'll get there bendy they sure are
bendy do you need help
yabba-dabba-do with these and then then
why are you always hungry because no say
please new word Nana he like to say it
in several different colors just to like
show off that he is got a vocabulary
it was a Nana Nana gonna be like yeah
he's a big show-off Tiffany tell me what
you learned in ballet today she won't
tell me about it today really wanna know
