hey little churchgoers sure my mommy and
me are gonna cheat why didn't you put on
your church outfit my pillow shirt
because it's not clean mommy forgot to
wash it let me see your cheek I painted
Symphony a cupcake this morning cuz
she's my little cupcake your Nana's
cupcake yeah but you're my cupcake first
yeah both of your cupcake I'm both of
your gut and both of you guys okay you
sister
by the same guy number two same heart
got to live mum
got to give
Murrell
in this together right ankle that's a
great angle you like that angle daddy
away from in my hamper
looks it cold when you put stuff inside
corn go yeah angle the what like you did
it angle into that my donut oh yeah I
can call this I broke thrown a GoPro but
that's a Hello Kitty camera hi but you
put on eyeliner just messed up as I like
what's why are you gonna get yes
now start playing the trumpet
let me see if I see what my camera you
guys seen side of there oh yes can't see
in there I can see where she's riding
the bike and some candy flying airplane
on the telephone just sitting there
outside of popcorn bag time your trumpet
he'll okay it's pretty cool can you find
me a little handsome boy I call my
Hampson boy because he's a little ham
today I'm supposed to be speaking a
little bit towards it into the service
and I'm super nervous about it I'm not
good at speaking in front of people I
usually like talk and talk and just
ramble on and my sentences never end or
make sense and I'm just nervous about
I've been practicing too myself
so hope I'll keep it short and sweet and
to the point and say everything I wanted
to say I'm looking for the car keys if
the kids and everything ready to go but
I don't have the car keys this is a
story Amanda really I can never find the
keys
sometimes Paul wrote letters yeah
sometimes he even wrote letters when he
was in prison at one time Paul was in a
deep dungeon and he wrote a letter to
Tennessee
really big bowl for lone killer and they
think I just want to intentionally
instill the Word of God and hit love
starting with the rosary do we want to
just put into tonality into what we do
every single week here just love on our
little ones yes come show over there
everything ready for you
it's one
if L see
we are way too laughs under the try for
less than a minute here under straw
little Billy but he's got the cutest
Billy Butler sing look at that thing
so cute wakey-wakey
buddy
mama Burma Momo oh come here buddy
you're a crazy baby come here
crazy we have a wedding shower for Haiti
and we both just wrapped our presents in
the middle of the walkway trying to
corral all these kids
I can't relation to your echo I want
that to be my boy it's your voice making
an echo y'all are both right where are
we guys come on come on come on oh no
wet here at a wedding
yeah shower Oh polka dots and Chevron
you know the way we were all the kids
are really excited about this wedding
shower I wouldn't have to like that I
just worry about what's in finite time
what they're imagining it being like
we're shower like it's raining we're
going to a shower I felt like that's
what they did they're so excited so I
ended up doing my talking at church did
you guys see that I think Sam was back
there recording I was so nervous I was
like jelly when I went back into the
classroom records of who I don't know
what is my deal why can't I just talk in
front of people
hey can I
by the way Katie you registered for like
five different trash cans but like which
mean does she actually want so this is
Katie's grandmother's wedding dress over
there it's so far away okay this is the
bride's mom's wedding dress oh my gosh
so cool this is Marc the mayor of wills
coin hey good to have you guys with us
today thank you give us some more
comminute marks minutes okay you have to
be before you can do and you have to do
before you can have be the person you
were designed to be to do the things
were designed to do oh that's a good way
yeah I love marks minute every trying to
think to do now
do it you inspire somebody to go to
marks for excellence ma r ke D the
numeral for excellence on Facebook and
take the Facebook challenge to inspire
people by writing inspiring messages
called marks minutes on sidewalks
everywhere go there today cool go there
do it I'm gonna do it I just have it I
know I saw the challenge done it's fire
everyone okay I'll do it I'll do it
the difference in boys and girls Cuffy
who is your favorite character on frozen
it's definitely like a cute outfit who
is your favorite character on The Little
Mermaid puffy eye right here who's your
favorite character on Toy Story I mean
what symphony 9-month mine is chick what
about Aladdin where's your private I go
the time who is your favorite on Aladdin
symphony I like thank the Chaz's that's
pretty cool two marks minute that he did
in there right are you guys gonna go do
some marks minutes why you got to do is
go right on the sidewalk something
inspirational and try to inspire people
who walk by try to inspire passer buyers
but not graffiti I got some precinct
knee found him on the door ah it's a
roly-poly it's a ladybug I mean a
ladybug do you want it do you want it
here you can have it
it looks steel is it dead no it's the
wife he's just scared are you holding
above oh nice bud yes Daddy
hey I don't know what to do with her oh
I guess eat it yeah so it tastes like
it's crunchy probably tastes a little
bit like grass cuz that's what they eat
come on I don't like that you eat salad
you like broccoli and green beans so you
don't like ladybugs Danny me remember we
do not eat but oh whoops I forgot okay
thanks kitty nice fresh scrubs straight
from the dryer oh it's that dreaded time
of the day Oh time for Sam to go to work
huh
very dreaded time manager I've made I
have to tell you guys goodbye which is
the other drill part of the day I hate
saying goodbye I hate goodbyes
sympathy can you tell if you is by for
me the heat way they can't see you gotta
come over here by feeling these are the
curriculums I went with I'm just sitting
down and going over some stuff and
symphonies getting ready to wind down
for the night the songs have little
Bible verses and devotions that go along
with them and then the devotion and song
itself coincides with the story for the
day how cool is that I am just on fire
for this new mission I'm on I love it
I'm a really goal-oriented person I like
to go further above and beyond each goal
that I set for myself
so me and Symphony are about to go house
storytime yeah a story time in here
you mean in Serge on your bed yeah and
here sure what story do you want tonight
I'm going to go pick okay don't forget
guys we love you and remember to love
each other drinking but coffee if you
guys are curious I'm gonna cured this is
our exploration site today this place is
awesome
good words that been following you keep
holding on she was very scared at first
but now she's this phone
very brave I'm kind of excited so we're
up on top inside of like a hole in Sam
this is oh there you go as I had this
doorknob
thank you ma'am sure
I can't want
