this is our exploration site today this
place is awesome
cope words that been following you she
keep holding on she was very scared at
first but now she's very brave and kind
of excited
so we're top inside of like an old cow
barn this place is crazy
you are my sister made by the same guy
nobody say
we've got to give love
well
in this together good morning guys get
ready to go to swimming with Nana hey
buddy I gotta lower this guy's bed
that's the first thing I need to do
today he's getting too tall Debbie did
dude
it's a cute bathing suit symfony the PVV
he was trying to lift his leg over here
the other day he just barely touched his
toe there oh don't film here
why right there no I made a mistake of
waiting to lower this when Symphony was
in the same trip and she ended up
falling out of it so I don't want to
make the same mistake this time do you
remember falling out of your crib you're
rolling along together what I got to do
is loosen these bolts right here there's
four of them
the hardest part you get around all this
patty whoa you're gonna make you mad
fashion amuse fashion
I'm gonna follow that one I'm doing this
under your first little project with me
buddy
ah first a tool project together you
know what oh man can you kiss what are
you working on here I'm the what is this
called the bed skirt no I don't know but
anyway it's like all the way at the
ground now because it was attached to
the bed rails oh oh
Abram had it under her blankie there it
is right there everyone try a new crib
out your new deep crib he's excited
mm-hmm
put him in whoa stand him up see how he
comes up stand up flavor
Daria's
yeah before nobody no way mama thinks we
should change our newest lip-sync to
good-lookin parents in the tangled song
but I kind of want to do away with the
good-looking thing but anyway I wish I
got her first reaction she just cried
after she watched it was cute it's so
precious
well they're both so precious episode 2
like we held it in Turkey people what do
you guys think should we continue with
the good-looking parents title I don't
know about it look at this awesome
wagging my mom does so radio for her
curly country wagon she got it for $8.00
whoa the gate was closed to my mom
swimming pool
wonder why they keep it locked on the
Saturday it's kind of frustrating but
anyway now we got some lady to cook for
hours
when we have our
look at us storm clouds
sit there what are you looking for
Thanks
why me
you can't even see the road now it's
where because through the camera stream
you can real
of you am I
ah
because the Sun he comes the Sun
we're getting ready to go explore and I
did know her SeaMonkey tells seamonkey
tells what do they look like what a sea
monkey tail look like I don't know we'll
have to look closely where Adam let me
get home okay okay yeah I'm gonna fix me
okay that's okay we're in the coin
waiting for daddy and sister to get done
this little guy loves cars now you guys
remember me talking about the auction
that I did for a family in need on
Facebook I did a little Facebook
fundraiser and a girl is about to meet
me here to pay for the item that she won
so that's cool we're killing two birds
with one stone at this little place here
she just happened to be right down the
road
we should kneel if the camera on in the
car percent raising talking about
brownies sue drip under there yeah for
what that was really cool at first he
was really scared honestly I'm not
exactly sure what that was I try I did
my best explaining a symphony but I
think it's where they just kind of do
something with cattle I guess the rectum
or they brandish then the stuff in there
I guess that's what they're doing on
that you liked it yeah he was like he's
crying and I started laughing at me you
go you can have it now Abraham and daddy
are building show them oh there's a
sticker on it they're building the rest
of the chairs that go to set to our
table back here I'm getting started on
restoring this little corner shelf piece
tonight I think it's for like trellis
plants that's the right word because it
has like plant details right there so
I'm not exactly sure my plan yet but I'm
starting on it tonight just stay tuned
because I'm going to work on it a lot
more over the next few days and you can
see the final product hopefully
hopefully in the next few days I think
it should take me maybe three days total
depending on paint and how many light
coats I have to do Sam hi Symphony gets
a little bit of movie time when Abram
goes to bed and so he just went down and
now it is probably time for us all to
say goodnight so don't forget guys to
remember to let me check my records
maybe that packet we got it did yell me
one oh we did it far down alright guys
so we have a winning name for Abraham's
new dance moves what was the name of the
person who said it though shoot I figure
out the person I'll have to look but
somebody said we should just call shaky
bottom which is perfect in the tune of
wiggle wiggle wiggle
so I guess shake-a shake-a bottom wiggle
wiggle wiggle shake a shake a bottom
shake a shake a bottom shake a bottom
shake a bottom murders
