guess what guys I'm taking a room and
Symphony with me I have several places
to stop you did a good job cleaning
today buddy you get your hot cocoa yeah
thank you
wait I worked hard for that I let it
daddy have 125 Andrew and I actually
found the fire extinguisher while we
were working out in Oklahoma and I was
trying to use the restroom inside of a
porta potti type thing and I don't know
why I did this because I wasn't filming
but he shot the fire extinguisher inside
of the place I was going and I couldn't
breathe so it was bad giant marshmallows
you want to take it out of the microwave
yeah I'll take a bite all right let's go
yeah I did
you don't go see them again next time
ago Oklahoma yes why gosh I'm taking a
room and Symphony with me to Oklahoma
this time it's going off to a girly
morning of errands with my girl first
we're going to the post office then
we're going to the Genesis center we'll
probably go by Sonic and grab something
to eat and then we'll see where the day
takes us
are you ready hmm so what Symphony
doesn't know is that I'm actually going
to a craft morning with the women of the
logistic basically how she behaves
during the errands portion of our
morning depends on if she will get to go
to the rest of the day with me I have
several places to stop so yeah I'm gonna
just kind of see how she does and also
after the actual craft morning with
everybody we're coming back we're gonna
go get groceries for Thanksgiving it's
gonna be a jam-packed day we're also
having friends over for dinner tonight
so yeah our stuff is at the Genesis
Center dropping off our donation oh okay
now off to the next stop
walk Symphony are you ready okay do you
know what we're even here yeah you don't
mean well some of the women in our DC
here from Hannity are going to make some
wreaths today at Smith Ryan's house so I
am gonna let you pick a couple of
Thanksgiving crafts to do no gluing no
okay no gluing because we're not at our
own home then we're at miss Ryan's home
and there's gonna be little kids there
so it's gonna have to be you know pretty
simple crafts that you can do on your
own
all of it is that way I like that one
too then I'm thinking maybe these like
these okay we maybe went overboard
Symphony what do you think think I went
overboard or make some cute wreaths oh
right
we are getting started I love that they
got LED lights for their wreath and that
is the photo idea so far only Ryan and I
are here hi Ryan and look at the table
and we filled it up already so I'm going
fairly basic with my bases over here
basic base so my neighbor Brittany I'm
making her a reason I'm gonna go with
rose gold I'm doing candy theme for our
eat I let Stephanie help pick the theme
and then for sandy she's getting snowy
woods easy snowy and there's Sandy's
lugar I added glitter on the snow part
you look like a crazed starving artist
up there with your painting behind you
blink just brought me my snowman and
Bernie chewed it up means it was for my
snowman I mean for my candy cane tree
it's okay
all I have to do i stuff this stuffing
back in we're all over here like does
this look good can you high picks this
can you let me fix that and I'm like all
of us oh dang girl that looks
I've been waiting for half an hour for
my Walmart grocery pickup we're watching
the vlog we called daddy and FaceTime
for daddy
yeah it's just taking so long we're
supposed to have friends over and one
hour and we're still 15 minutes long I
know
hey guys what's up having dinner with
Chase in his family hey chase I'm
thinking about you turn the headlights
on right here to light up the table so
good seafood don't tell my headlights oh
so you can see it better no we have that
right I don't see a light anywhere
hosted light anywhere okay oh hey right
there I'm right here I don't see light
no look up no straight ups okay I see it
I see it I see it we're doing
chick-fil-a as you can see chase I hope
you like chick-fil-a
we also got chunky chocolate chip
cookies the best cookies ever who told
you that
you did Oh so chase makes decks for a
living and so when I get to the point
I'm making a deck out in Oklahoma he's
gonna come out me they just woke up from
her evening nappy do you see uncle chase
can you say hi uncle chase
you okay no purpose I told you I was
getting new greenie geez Cynthia what'd
I tell you about showing off in front of
my friends please do when your friends
call or do I show up in front of them do
I let me do the showing off please
Chase is my friend geez you should offer
my friends no I don't know I don't hey
you what are you doing over there simply
see how I like you hold yourself up
there and stop showing off in front of
my friends hey that's not bad
keep going yeah wow that's different
burning I can do nice
hi guys I'm leaving you don't like the
seat was alway up in the tree or you be
careful up there stop showing up in
front of my cried buddy you got this get
it reach reach more oh man I'm going in
for the chunky chocolate fish cookies
dude look at that
that's a monstrous chocolate chip cookie
trying to give Juliet a bath and I'm
summoned outside Jenna's impress with
the baby are you on Oh 20 miles per hour
in second right now
hey guys here we are we're ending our
day after an e have left me here all day
long it was not all of those I let him
sleep in this much before I left come
another day goes to fully shimmer sure a
long message about being careful about
doing stuff to the property tell I know
who owns what on the property as you
guys know already we're having some kind
of conflict between an owner who claims
he has part of that but he does it's his
land my Realtors did tell me about it
the broker to tell me about it a lawyer
who did it my surveyor nobody told me
about it when I bought the property so
it's it's really their fault but I'm
gonna go and pay the guy he dropped the
price down anyway everything is all
groovy so yeah that's that never get
back to work you're not worried about
working on someone else's property and
Nia do you have question of the day I do
and I want to hear yours too when I ask
the question what is the funniest thing
you've ever seen happen in class oh man
that's like this is what came to my mind
immediately I had a teacher who a couple
of kids in the class picked on her she's
one of those teachers who let students
walk all over hitting him Wade and with
the school with he was such a
troublemaker and she got up to go to the
bathroom I guess and left us all in
there alone and he poked a hole on the
bottom of her big cute sonic cup and
known that he also took a partner podium
i unscrewed the screw so when she went
up there it fell apart we're trying to
lean on it oh my god yeah and then she
picked up with drinks starts going
everywhere she's like oh all right who
did that Oh yours oh man I don't know I
didn't think of I didn't think of
anything while you're talking this okay
think about it Tom tomorrow all right
guys we'll catch you tomorrow going to a
really cool museum tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other we're going into target to shop
for other children who do not have a lot
at Christmastime
I have to diction's right now guys it's
not good no Abram star no guys I'm gonna
cook dinner now that's not gonna happen
I'm probably just gonna have to stop and
pick up a pizza for hours I was waiting
was filming upside down
