it's time for you to be brave
yeah my brother you are my sister
by the same guy love
by the same heart
we've got to give Oh
in this together I'm about to show
symphony something really really cool
she is going to love it I've been
looking for a way to make polka dots
with my paint for a very long time
and I found these awesome paintbrushes
that let you make polka dots
uh-huh so Symphony is going to do orange
and I'm going to do white she's gonna
make a polka-dotted suitcase and I'm
going to decorate this cave or a wreath
order last night I made my very first
hand-painted item that's going to go on
a wreath I've never before painted on a
canvas and put it on a wreath and it's
this how cool is that I think I'm going
to write fight like a girl in the ribbon
here's what I did there's what the
princess did do you like it just go
check up those ball plans any of these
things some of them are burnt what's how
hot is out here we just got finished
practicing our lip sync about four or
five times and we finally got it down
the last one we did we got it down yes
it's literally why we're extending the
last word of the song the camera just
shut off because it overheated on the
dashboard so we're taking a break now
we're going to eat some chicken Express
no I just wanted
he wants you to Google so beautiful time
it's funny how this place is decorated
in here
did you see the chicken frames over
there on the side of the door they're
like okay I just think it's hair
sticking out by random chickens around
and then there's also my school attire
frame South School tire that's the local
college yeah I know and it's just funny
that like here's a school Jersey and on
this wall there's chickens frames if you
bring a chicken over there you know I
think it's funny that they even
advertise chickens on the warehouse and
try to place what we eat sugar it's like
this is that beautiful your chicken
looked before we beheaded it and put
them in the fryer
kind of mean they should have pictures
of cows your chicken place Monday
yeah Oh
got it okay my your hair sticking up fix
it
fix it here we go
better this guy right here this one
right here
he was that firm at the cashier and she
he goes he came and it was like which
one is fresher your fries so were your
breasts and the lady was like well our
fries they're really good fresh and he's
like no ma'am which one's pressure your
breasts or your thighs these things are
really good guys are called corn nuggets
look what's inside corner and cream that
would be a really quick that made
something like this with corner mashed
potatoes inside alright put like a bread
around it
what I gotta get it off of me but for
some good everybody - mashed potatoes
with corn actually I never heard of
missing mashed potatoes in corn until I
met you and your brother juice I really
never have done that
have you guys heard of that corn and
mashed potatoes man you guys ok yes huh
mixed on the same plate mix it up and
take a bite up corner messages in one
bite yeah good guess like how they serve
dry water they serve irony's mashed
potato cups what's up buddy
I just expecting you to start standing
on McCarran
look what it comes so buddy how are you
opening for me thank you
so here's the rules happening ray will
give us last what girl feature this too
old to start solid our hasta soo : the
home well do we have an experience do we
have a drug from the Spanish we're
playing sorry right now we've got red
green yellow what's the difference
between Vietnamese coffee and regular
coffee
it's just so much better that way
symphony count the squares to see there
you go
that's right you got three see your new
card you have to stay on the three right
here
look at your piece and now studies turn
12 move forward 12
Abrams awake hey buddy dan what are you
wearing you worried that this is my
camera buddy Abram so I'm with the kids
today me went to a Bible study and a
woman's meeting tonight I'm not sure how
many does it blogging taking care of the
kids because I need both of my hands
when I take care of kids it's all
there's to it I need both my hands so
I'm wearing my camera buddy so you guys
could come along with me as daddy today
with my two beautiful children yes we
dreamed like I really want to get a
mount for Abraham's head or if they make
kid GoPro stuff for like little kids so
we're going to get like a POV view of
her
hey good morning sissy
Tiffany and I are making stepping-stones
plaster stepping stones first it calls
for two cups of warm water not hot water
not cold water just warm water just a
little bit above room temperature you
have to wear masks simply because you
can't and help a plaster powder because
it will cause lung damage okay so you
have to wear masks no covers your mouth
if you want to do this you have to work
okay look this is all done looks at the
new cleaning then it covers your mouth
and nose you can still breathe so you
don't breathe it into powder this isn't
a scary mask this is a doctor just try
it on try it on
it's scary you can take it off try it
I'll cover your mouth that's it that's
it see get up here
just pray we're just going to pour half
of it half the bag there you go ready
cover up all the white areas awesome
daddy had to move
I said we needed two cups of water but I
only use one I hope that's going to be
good
we've waited too long to put the gems in
it but on the opposite side the bottom
of it there's like a embossed flowers
so we'll just paint the bottom of it
when it's dry okay where does he think
he's going I think he's throwing out
this to us
full he's gonna go explore mm-hmm that's
a whole one CAI have it my way all right
Oh ma'am oh he's fast all right you
ready there you go kid
he's gonna be walking before me know it
I've been a little bit down about Robin
Williams just so sad that somebody just
like so funny so upbeat you know just
take their own life like that and it
just kind of reminds me you know that
nothing in this world can bring us
happiness no matter how big we get no
matter how much money we have no matter
how much our kids love us the only
answer is God that's all there is to it
you guys know that and I'm just feel so
thankful that God chose me to be his
child another thing that kind of makes
me sad about it is I'm sure that Robin
Williams suicide started a string of
suicides and other kids because just
imagine Oh
there you go
just imagine these suicidal teenagers
and other suicidal elderly elders
thinking about taking their life they
look at Robin Williams taking his life
and they're thinking if Robin Williams
took his life and he was at a point that
he thought it would never get better for
him Who am I to think my life's gonna
get any better than it is now and I'm
sure it's giving people confidence to
kill themselves and that makes me thanks
be pretty sad everyone was getting
cranking his walker so I'm moving to his
little Bumbo seat mumbo-jumbo so much
mush mush and I need to peg the house so
bad look at this I'm gonna paint it so
much to do so little time you guys want
to see proof that mommy's gone that's it
right there and this is after ahh what a
messy messy boy what's so funny
whoa giggles moves everyone's got a new
movement on guys what do you guys want
to name it look at this that right there
Hey like this boom what should we call
that any move all right Stephanie you
ready we're going to open this up here
it is Symphony stepping-stone man these
kids she wants to do crass he wants to
eat she wants a paint he wants a scream
Symphony and I go and stop hating why
that's right the baby's finally sleeping
we're gonna clean up all this mess
withou don't wait look at this room it's
a disaster daddy Ted all right
without further ado guys don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
yeah I can't say yes the very very tiny
they do new for me today there's so many
of them it was me - hi
you
