Morty
where's a bro
guess what I got you
and get your dental holes out
by the same guy loved by the same heart
we've got to give
and this together we get my sweet
daughter and tie my shoes for me
thanks it's gonna take my shoes off
just like mommy does pull they're faster
than you you're not that strong than me
yeah you're not as strong as me there
now I massage my feet for me can you
massage them for me no please
why I was like he's been making a banner
another banner over there and a wreath
over there
is 8:13 Abram is still sleeping we're
calling yes we are
Casey wouldn't call what's it called
daddy
it's called Anna as lonely without her
sister she remember where she in the
movie in that scene well why well she
wasn't like this in the movie oh sorry
so anyway yeah Abram is sleeping in
today it's 8:30 he is getting a little
bit extra sleep and Symphony are getting
some extra time together because I don't
have the entertaining a broom Betty this
little guy gave me such a rough night
last night since about five months he
has slept through the night unless he
was getting a tooth he woke up twice
last night usually when he gets a tooth
and he only wakes up once at night for
like two nights in a row and then we're
done until the next tooth but this one
it's been like a week's worth of like
interrupted sleep and Wednesday I was
like oh if the baby slept in today I was
like no the baby didn't sleep last night
that's how the baby is asleep right so
this is Katie I told you guys about her
yesterday on the blog she's the one
who's getting married this September
I'm so excited for her she has been
dating dusty for two and a half years we
met for the first time we were like 12
years old we were in a summer playing
together we didn't go to school together
yet
we met kind of became friends a little
bit talked here and there but nothing
really came in but then we ended up
going to high school together and we hit
it off from the start it would like
bestfriend love at first sight
inseparable is bad word because even
though their distance and whatever she
went to college I stayed home I'll show
those far away and I'm still living home
we still maintain our friendship very
well I would say okay so I'm across the
street well is that really our friends
you know
yes the president surprised step 1 -
your wedding decor
okay wait disclaimer so there's one
thing on it that can be removed if it's
not Katy ish enough do you like it are
you sure you promise
that was my disclaimer the polka-dotted
sunflower it's so are you sure yeah okay
this is a new cheesecake at Cheesecake
Factory
women murmuring cheese tanks I always
asked for love in cheesecake when I come
here and they never have it they have
like a cake with lemon stuff on top of
it but anyway so I always get the mango
Key Lime I like maybe Oh Sam likes Key
Lime so that's why I get there so you
don't want to watch this tastes like
what do they taste like do you guys
already know it
we take a break then I really don't like
fans ready here we go
here
my gosh it's like annoying
Katie not share in love for something
that I don't think any of em there is no
Emily share below
you guys watch the office and very
likely love it like spit no limits on
the beep ad and you'll find the officer
coming out probably more times than you
will
something fitted
so bright I can't tell what I'm doing
it's the dreaded hour of any lunch date
with your bestie time for her to go back
to work and time for me to go back to my
baby I love you I love you we got to
hang out we got a lot of wedding talk
done wouldn't you say yes are you
excited I'm so excited
the countdown has started how many days
do you think you're cranky little guys
look at this
all he wants is movie sometimes I think
you're just like your daddy
any other way - after work I'm going to
go meet with Heath I'm thinking about
locally Heath and I are reading crazy
love by some author it's a really good
book right now I'm in Chapter and it's
about realizing God's love for us it's
like our love for our children anyway
all right guys don't forget we love you
and remember I'm gonna have to say you
guys know all right to love each other
my beautiful faces beautiful do you know
what it is why it's your very first
ballet costume it's your first leotard
into two
we have a real live Valerie show me it's
world
oh that's symphonies version of aplia
we're going to learn how to do real one
oh can you curtsy ready put one oh but
one fit my hand the other one like this
uh-huh I know it's just
so here's her other outfit she paid the
kill only didn't mine look at what kind
of oh so excited I found this online
making only sale where are the lanterns
with the tattoos generate 15 dollars
annually 32 out of me I'll have a
matching little now I gotta find ballet
slippers I'm just sitting here preparing
an email for the leaders and volunteers
and soon-to-be volunteers for little
pillar I'm super excited hopefully I
will get it all finished up tonight I'm
just getting emails plugged in because I
don't really have that many emails from
the ladies of the church and I just
wanted to tell you guys good night and
thank you for joining us on our day I
might sneak a little bite of the
cheesecake left over from today here in
just a minute I'm pretty excited about
it and anyways just thought I'd throw on
that random fact so you guys have an
awesome day night whatever time it is
there for you and we will see you all on
tomorrow's vlog
News to tell you for the first time ever
we're going to be participating in a
bloggers tag I'm not even sure what all
that entails or the details of the tag
or anything like that but we are going
to be doing a tag with one crazy life
for me
it's a family vlog and it's a Victoria
and
