when I get home from work I usually come
straight to his computer or sometimes I
get a broom up like I have him now but
I'll come to the computer and I'll
review the vlog that Nia has edited and
he gets so confused when I'm playing
this vlog in front of him watch what he
does when I play Nia's voice he doing
hey man what are you doing I know you
gonna act all cool from the camera
boiling I am doing that cool you paint
oh you ain't that cool he was reaching
for a little computer I started fasting
you like me now I think you realize it's
just a video he's not even going for it
of course he's not like that beautiful
face
you are my brother you are my sister
made by the same guy
by the same
we've got to give up
in this together everyone's getting very
jealous of Sydney right now leave this
guy oh she's so sweet I don't want to
make a mess
daddy are some doughnuts we have to go
check on our sea monkeys you don't wanna
go check on yes let's go well I don't
see anything in here huh hey bubbles do
you see him in there oh I think it's
time for an oil change what do you guys
think
negative 421 we're supposed to change
that when it says 15% so I'm going to go
get the oil change and then grab some
groceries before we head home for nap
time and lunch rapidly thank you
the last name enforcement neo writer
hi symphony hey mom what are you doing
over here
rainbow oh you see right there
do you know how many my swordsman six is
that what that is yeah
oh no 3000 sorry it's 3068 360 wait a
minute
I think it's actually a hundred thousand
total yeah right this song
that's not maybe yeah I don't know maybe
see you
which diapers are you guys's favorite
before I had a bomb I use the Target
brand diapers and now that I've had
Abram they've updated the Walmart brand
diapers and they are actually my
favorite the parents choice lavender
color though not the dark color yes to
cucumbers have you guys ever tried this
brand
I'm trying it for the first time this
week we're out of face wash and so I'm
gonna try this yes to cucumbers they
have a lot of different yes two
different things that I'm trying to
cucumber okay so one of you guys sent
Symphony a $5 gift card for her birthday
for Walmart we are going to use on the
front of it you didn't show us oh cool
I'm really sorry I don't remember the
name of who sent that I have a thank you
card waiting to go out for you but we've
just received so many different birthday
cards from her over the past few weeks
which is an awesome blessing you guys
are so generous and loving to us and we
just really appreciate you all but
specifically to the person I believe it
was a young man who sits infini the
popular dipper thank you so much that
means so much to her you are blueberries
busting her
whoa look at Abram he's just chillin he
was laying down drinking his bottle
while ago just chillin like a little
feelin look it ever
I'll go Shree shop with that in my face
any day
hello everybody
sip these over here mommy's right here
daddy's right here hi viewers all right
well guys we have some exciting awesome
news to tell you for the first time ever
we're going to be participating in a
vloggers tag
I'm not unsure what all that entails or
the details of the tag or anything like
that but we are going to be doing a tag
with one crazy life for me it's a family
vlog and it's a Victoria and Ian are the
mom and dad husband and wife and they've
got five kids and one more on the way
how crazy is that we have to and I feel
like sometimes we're just like hi I'm
just like how do you do it I asked her
that today I'm like I don't see how you
do it all but anyways they are going to
she knew six wicked knew three right and
she can do six I can do at least half
that but anyways they're gonna be
uploading a tag of some sort on
Wednesday so I'm gonna put a link below
to their channel go check them out
subscribe if you like what you see and
stay on the lookout for this tag that
we're gonna be a part of it's our first
one we've never done one I've asked her
so many questions in the past 24 hours
she's probably like do we really want to
do a tag with those people they seem
kind of dump I don't know what word I'm
like so what do I do
I think you asking her that but anyway
so I'm really excited I've been wanting
to get involved in tags and
collaborations with fellow youtubers for
quite some time now and hopefully we
will just get some more things like that
going underway all right guys all right
kiddos I love you you tell your patients
tell my patients what don't forget to
tell my patients to me Oh tell you about
my patients okay
and guess what Symphony where I come
home in the morning I'm gonna bring you
Donuts this time okay cuz look I got my
wallet I'm not forgetting it this time
what kind of donuts do you want I want
donut hole donut holes is that it
yes your sausage and cheese kolache oh
no thanks okay hey mom hey bro hey broom
what do you want buddy yeah okay do you
want chocolate doughnut holes sprinkled
on the holes or regular donut holes me
yeah um I just love right here crying
road or car yeah look how amazing my
wife is wait come back I won't show what
you got me she fills up my water gets me
a coffee when I wake up
she makes me lunch every day before I go
to work that's what you call a
number-one wipe right there cuz I love
you daddy wasp everything where what is
this
Express tree-trimming came to our house
today what is wrong with our tree
there's absolutely nothing wrong with
our tree we don't need your tree
trimming services make sure it's pressed
tree trimmer look there's another one
they're always leaving stuff on our
house what didn't see that one on the
ground oh it's hot in here
there's like a sauna in here hey buddy
oh my gosh sister daughter you wanna
drive me to work today
get this started here you sprayed mommy
cheering you got me this new water Cup
today it's a brutal covering get some
purifies it as you drink it
a little bit of the town water tapping
you got tap bar tap on it he's mopping
ha ha why do you love us Jim real well
guys don't forget we love you soda
Symphony and remember to love each other
ah oh my gosh Andrew he's going crazy to
see you oh they have missed him so much
little dude this is Abraham's first time
to walk outside in his Walker where he
actually knows how to walk he's like
nope I did not want to go this way do
you want to walk in the grass here come
this way lately I've been having these
really crazy chocolate cravings and
today I saw these at the store and are
you getting stuck so I'm about to make
some are you kidding me those look so
delicious and now you put a little
chocolate drizzle on top yeah me
tomorrow I'm having a lunch date at the
Cheesecake Factory with one of my oldest
best friends Katy Turner you guys have
yet to meet her but you're gonna love
her let me just tell you she is getting
married in September and I'm making a
few crafts for her wedding and this
banner is one of them I'm gonna feature
this on my Etsy shop as well if Katy has
a good reaction so we'll see tomorrow
stick around and let's find out if she
likes it my hair is so crazy I don't
even care so just a little update on the
nail gel polish that I tried out the
other day I've got clear nails again ok
so here's the deal it does not last 10
days like I was hoping it lasts about 3
days
I still think that's worth it because
like regular nail polish won't even make
it to the end of the day for me
sometimes after I bathe the kids do the
dishes in the laundry and all that has
to get done to me it's worth it what do
you guys think have any of you tried it
do you like it let me know so one more
thing for you guys before I say goodbye
today is Abigail's birthday like today
right now while you're watching this
vlog is Abigail's
birthday her sister whose screen name on
YouTube is Olivia's notepad wrote to us
on yesterday's vlog and said that today
was a Bealls birthday so happy birthday
Abigail thank you for watching our vlogs
we hope that you have an amazing day and
god bless you
alright everyone else out there you guys
have an awesome day as well and we'll
see you all on tomorrow's vlog bye to
the front now suppose we do a lip-sync
would never do that go and show her out
of town really thank you for taking us
right to finish
you love driving don't you whoa
don't let go this dairy wheel
