wake up a room my church now buddy wake
up little handsome man
hey good morning handsome what a church
you got milk in your seat
my brother you are my sister made by the
same guy
we've got
we've got to give
in this together my mom is pulling into
church right now their dress is hanging
out of her cargo room
 your dress hey hey mom what color
dress are you wearing today black with
white polka dots it's in the door what
it's hanging out the door what are you
doing out of your seat I be sure they
shut the engine up the only cakes were
you buckled in okay I see if any today
is a potluck Mia brought some lemon cake
homemade chicken has a brand on it but
this phrase came to mind I feel is from
the Lord said there's nothing
unproductive about enjoy me I want to
give you permission to not feel guilty
and I'll just enjoy God they just say
songs maybe you feel like if you feel it
grab the comedian elements spend some
time enjoying price sacrifice for you
plain wording they call us up to the
front and ask us to do a lips and damn I
got C game
would never do that to go and chill are
out of town they asked us to come up
there to thank me and for taking a
director position emails many people's
impressions I need to put this here so
together like this week that's what I'm
working on this week of scheduling put
you on the spot now here's the food we
got today did you bring these Casey
wraps what sometimes a turkey a turkey
wraps
so what's it mean I got pizza goryeo's
chips and Sheila can kiss me
I do like Oreos because I'm trying to
cut back on my sweets
I got berries for my dessert that looks
awesome
lately I would really try to cut back on
the sweets I take it so I need you guys
help hold me accountable
he's getting ready to be in the blog he
wants to be famous church Abram really
likes blueberries and he's shown it and
she's showing about alivelu
hey do the wiggle we're home from church
and it's time to put the sea monkeys in
the aquarium
welcome home symphony we missed you
while you were at Nana's get me to open
it okay number two is the instant line
those are the eggs monkey eggs every Mew
want to see buddy we are having french
dip sandwiches for dinner it's a super
affordable and quick meal to make that
everyone seems to love so come along and
let me show you how I make them there's
only four ingredients you need roast
beef
provolone cheese hoagie sub bread and
beef consomm√© or you can make your own
beef broth it just has to be a really
strong beef broth you're gonna bring
your broth to a boil and then you're
going to put in the meat with the
boiling broth for three minutes you
doing a rub woody doing Abram has been
attacking my feet here he comes here he
comes he can he get mama oh he sees my
drink he wants some you want mommy
straight while the roast beef is boiling
I am sipping on a homemade iced coffee
hmm so delicious two cups of coffee are
put in the freezer for an hour I shall
put in the freezer for two hours and
then I just put in a little bit of
cinnamon coffee cream and it is perfect
the oven is now preheated you create the
oven to 350 all right guys are you ready
Abram are you ready
Abram can't even put his snack down to
take a drink he worked so hard to get
that bottle on his hand while holding
his snack good okay we are ready to top
our sandwiches you're gonna top it with
roast beef then you top with cheese and
you put the top on and you bake them in
the oven for five minutes you can serve
it with pickles and veggies that's what
I'm gonna do today pop it in the oven
five minutes BAM you're done don't they
like yummy I had to do a makeshift
sandwich because I ran out of the sub
bread and that one's gonna be mine I'm
gonna give Sam the two with the yummy or
bread but I think it's still gonna taste
equally as good I'm excited they look
delish so when you serve it make sure
you pour a little bit of the broth into
a small dipping bowl so that when you
cut your sandwich in half you can dip it
into the broth because that's what gives
it the flavor and makes it taste like
extra extra good well hope you guys
enjoy it thanks for watching me cook
today well it's that time now to start
IVs advance Foley catheters drop ng
tubes and clean diapers oh and push
medications hey crazy guy what you guys
listening to the Lion King
cool it was nice hanging out with you
guys today I hope you guys have fun with
neon the kiddos don't forget we and
remember to love each other Symphony and
I are doodling on her doodle bears my
doodle bear got eyelashes a hairdo she
got blue hair with bangs and and a perm
she got curls
uh-huh and she got laces on her little
shoes I forgot how fun doodle bears were
I used to play with these when I was
little and I haven't played with one
since I had a doodle bear as a kid
it's time to trade yes Symphony do you
want to show the viewers what you're
doing on your bear I'm making hair now
I'm gonna make ooh we gotta look really
cool hi baby
well guys I must put Symphony to bed and
after that I'm gonna get some work done
for Sam with his photography and we will
catch you all later on tomorrow's vlog
bye
what are you laughing at something that
oops we ran out of dishwashing detergent
so I put the liquid detergent in the
dishwasher was that a bad idea some
bubbles have leaked out of the bottom
they're not leaking out anymore they
just did for a little bit but symphony
and I decided to open it up and to our
surprise there's bubbles all over the
place
