this is there some time I help you poop
hi I'm just I would like a grande coffee
with cream and three pumps of white
mocha and one pump of peppermint grande
coffee with half enough three pumps of
white mocha one pump a supplement that
sounds good you are my sister they by
the same guy love by the same
in this together get over here yeah
y'all ready over there
whatever fam basic sent you that
Symphony have you guys ever heard of sea
monkeys just loading in a few
last-minute things I grabbed at the
store I came for floaties because we're
gonna be going swimming in just a little
while but I ended up getting a couple
household things that we need data
locket first I pull that out this is
your little query room
that's where the sea monkeys are gonna
grow yeah I put water in it fill it up
with water lady got really upset that I
was shopping near her we were the only
two people on the Isle and Walmart and
she told her husband really loud she's
like let's come back when everyone else
is done shopping step number one is the
water purifier there you go stir it up
the side either side
it just reminded me that in the busyness
of my life I need to remember that it's
not about you I read an article and I've
seen a couple scriptures on that
recently it's not about you any kind of
situation you're in like that lady
probably wasn't upset at me she just
took it out on me wearing like a hat
those aren't the eggs here
the eggs we put in tomorrow the first
step we got to purify the water tomorrow
we'll put the eggs in it and then they
should hatch on the third day and then
on the fifth day would do number three
we start feeding him we're off to swim
and I've been waiting patiently in the
car we've been in the car for like a
total of one minute for Sam to notice
something in my lap back and he hasn't
noticed yet so does Gary know that yep
there's a bag there's a bag full of bags
in my lap I made a quick very quick pit
stop at Tanger for tax free weekend I
got the kids people and I thought Sam an
entire outfit for $31 blue pants with
cutting down blue pants interesting
oh-ho-hoo things like that before picky
picky about his clothes
this is Kristen's neighborhood swimming
pool it is since it's only 91 degrees
out here but literally it feels like 105
I mean I just now came outside and I
feel like my skin is already posting
those Nana and so I got to get in that
water pretty quick there's absolutely no
shade right here
you
ah so we're at Nana's house now she said
she has some ideas for our vlog I'm very
curious she has a lot of ideas for a
vlog my mother is a very opinionated to
say the least
so what want to go in here and hear her
opinions and don't get me wrong I
respect her opinions but sometimes I'll
bevel what happened
yeah it's opposed from the ground hey
that's great it I went right here and
dripped down here but it didn't protect
right there are you sure she wouldn't
get a straight bird maybe we got an
interesting tan here hey was he laying
on the chair or something was he going
down there he loves it this is no
material of his bed looking for us buddy
Mike did he burn it on the ground did he
wear something I don't know you wanted
to be a firefighter do you wanna be a
firefighter love Jonathan get it he did
yeah more like Halloween or subway no no
throw fire Freak is just sup I'm just
for fun thank you see that's adorable
embarrassed about
touch it when I got it look at what
numbers really just coming to fit to you
I wish I could show you guys what's
going on over here okay this is what I
look like when I vlog behind me since
you guys are so curious
our vlogger died so I'm using the GoPro
now when we go in the house here
I don't know tomorrow but I know who
holds tomorrow did you guys know the
whole small here's a shot but thanks
Maya authors do you know my mom knows
how I like my water I want to show you
guys it's cool Cup that's what my mom
uses to give Stephanie milk you screw
the top oh it's called the WoW Cup so
supposedly can put upside down nothing
comes out wow that's all I have to say
about that as well so they spill on the
table and a splash to do everywhere not
so Wow how does it work you're getting
stuff out of there
she's like sucking on this and it opens
it up just what you saw feel free Cup so
this is what it opens up were right here
right there
hmmm is it right there you sure and you
don't live in the walk dishwasher
she said it opens up right here oh she's
right Oh wrong it opens up right here
it's like this oh I see you see it's a
little rubber on top and when she sucks
it opens it up if you open up yeah put
it up right back on right yeah isn't
that cool
for making off that invention Hey ha hi
I'm holy heaven will let their table
you know or what yellow yellow long
until first time ever since how do you
wear that I'm playing with my pets and
they're going to let it go right now
sweet hey hey hi
anyway
she had you guys up there huh hey what
does this thing do simply like that
mouth there's a little door in the back
this is a good angle for you wrong yes
yeah
upside down I like it well the whole
family has damaged their skin today
I mean head-to-toe that look at this
you think that's red get this this look
at this okay get this though symphony
staying the night with Nana we're home
we just put Abram down to bed and we had
to tell you guys some really cool news I
don't know if you guys remember but we
tweeted a while back that Jefferson
Bethke tweeted us and was like that's so
awesome that you guys have me as a
feature channel Jefferson Bethke is like
you know one of you know our favorite
youtubers has always been a favorite
youtuber even watching him for years
yeah he's such an inspiration you guys
have to check him out we'll put a link
in the description but Nia went to his
channel the other day and what did you
find
well we have missed a previous video so
I went down to get it ready for us to
watch and I noticed that we were on it
is featured channel list and literally
almost fell out of my chair I would why
Sam Sony contact him was like hey we
should do like a collaboration or
something sometime he thought that would
be cool anyway
go check his channel out guys and give
him some fan basic love we love for you
guys go subscribe to him you know tell
him that Sam Nielson do you maybe and
just say what's up go check out stuff
it's right below I guarantee you'll love
it I'm sure you guys have heard of him
before he's had several videos go viral
our days over guys don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other bye
can I grow another wiggle for you guys
