hey buddy 4:30 and he's mad that it's
not mommy going to prison keep here
you are my sister made by the same guy
loved by the same
got to live mum
got to give love
us in this together he's up again yeah
rough night last night is you you woke
me up four times three you mean crazy
taxi boy
there's just something about airports
that make me just want to cry you know
still waiting for Chase at the airport I
don't know where he is
hello how is your nap
you want to vlog hey viewers and I know
it was black loud and my mom is changing
him Hey look him to say hi and hi
daddy's a bear for picking up CheY
all right I'm gonna come outside he was
outside the whole time give me our case
this
oh man spell off
okay sweetie well sandy now we're
supposed to go to Katie's bachelorette
party tonight and Eric's getting off
work late oh wait a minute it's been 15
seconds I might as well just cut that
are I'm just kidding
anyway standing out I was in reference
to some text with Lucy for my family I
think we talked too much on our blogs oh
my gosh look at my hair look like an
idiot
hey no we did sleep where their hair cut
today as you guys can see what you kids
up to up and heal it's no funny every
time I come into Cindy's room after she
has been asleep it's like clutter all
over the floor because every time she
goes to bed or takes a nap we pick up
what's in the floor all the toys go into
their homes or whatever or up on a
dresser or whatever they're out of the
floor to relax
look it's like all over Florida hell you
get out of bed last night did you get
out I did you did why okay well that's
fine
what you got some wonderfully silly guy
hey you have a wife oh my god there he
goes come on guys show us what you got
wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle jiggle
wiggle wiggle what beacon air
he's so curious about that crack you
want suits behind that crack portrait
look ever come here
what's up AJ again
I mean haha what do you mean have been
on the bargain while I've been like five
six days um people just want a document
hey bruh
how's myself what's in the crack but
whatever she shows documentary called
Restrepo rest weep oh yeah what's that
about
Afghan tore its groove it for 15 months
Greg recording that's very interesting
inside oh really
is it like a recent type tourism no no I
wasn't raised like it okay alright
it's on Netflix yeah I'll check it out
we'll pick you up I like me a good
documentary especially in sanik 70% the
air strikes called it but everywhere
else a leaf like a piece of making what
is that guy Oh buddy
see like my name's Erica you copied me
that's how I get mine back I'm a little
more fuzzy I kept mine shorter because
my hair girl so bad I don't get it every
week you of the food
haha what's scary we go way up there
whoa
lost the stomach
all right pushing the carpets all right
oh yeah get it buddy you hungry to
explore brah I'm scared that bad
Oh alway I'm a man smell any volume I
had to put the smothered meatballs in
the rice like this you know feel like I
look like Jim Carrey when I cut my hair
this short sometimes uh-huh especially
when I do that bass I love meatballs I
think they're probably like one of my
favorite types of meat
oh really yeah because they have like a
perfect texture the right amount of meat
they're not like you know they're not
hard to chew I'm really picky about my
meat being too tough maybe that's not
very manly of me but me how do you like
meatballs yummy because they're so
delicious
I agree in this wash you since you like
squash can I squash you can i squish you
come on
but you like squash
I'll tie together squat me come on over
here caddies yeah we're gonna get down
I'll show you how you squash this is a
squash yeah daddy yeah you did no you
just wanted some daddy Shh we're gonna
go exploring Sam we're gonna go walk
through the woods I'm so excited to take
y'all this exploration gotta take
advantage of these moments I don't
happen very often so this exploration is
really important to me the woods ones
because I grew up playing the woods so I
have this fear in me that my kids one
day won't play in the woods like I did
as a kid those are like the the fondest
memories I have as a kid is being in the
woods with my brothers and creating
things in the woods like tree houses for
booby traps even we just made so many
different things in the woods and it was
just like such an important part of my
um my growing up and I just fear that my
kids won't be a part of that the woods
just because of just the technology you
know taking over and all that but so
today I'm taking the woods and I'm
excited about that one this week this is
from Rebecca Smith from England awesome
it's a little wiggly worm perfect that's
right that's his little wiggle wiggle
worm
that is so cool Rebecca is a fissure
wiggle toy he loves it
is that your wiggle toy wiggle wiggle
wiggle wiggle
such a little wiggle worm classic
xylophone look at that symphony
Carmy that could be for both of you guys
but I think it's manly for Abram did you
like it yeah no way say Thank You Andre
thank you I think it's Andre he is not
here to pronounce the name for me it's a
towel so doc mcstuffins tell and they
had your name inscribed on it look at
that
it's a monogram towel do you love it she
loves it
oh there you go guys these are awesome
thank you so much we really appreciate
it
Tiffany said it looks kind of dangerous
come on
cars coming I don't too many people see
us hop this fence yeah they do
Hey
Tiffany and I are done exploring Jeff um
for the most part she got bit up pretty
good
oh that way I'm sorry what was the
scariest part of our exploration today
was that scary
oh there skipper I mean we're almost
squad you guys got lost almost got lost
what was the saddest part the saddest
part I love saddest all the almost
saddest part what was it it was like we
we lost about we lost her hair bro that
was the saddest part what was the
craziest part
the craziest part my daddy almost
slipped on that walk
what was the cutest part a cutest oh
that's really saw the raccoons alright
well do you guys think you a breakdown
of our exploration today we did we saw a
whole bunch raccoons sitting in a puddle
is really cute but they'll scampered
away when they saw us anyway guys thanks
for coming along again and don't forget
we love you and remember kalevi Chad
compound in Gulu y'all this is the
puppet we use at VBS at this church that
same when I went to prior to the pillar
and I was Cindy glue I was the first
named laman she tops Lyceus but one
thing I wanted for the tumbler age group
was hey mom what's going on
mommy need your hair honey why does it
sound like it's raining outside maybe is
raining no I don't think it is you guys
hear that what in the world is this
backyard is flooded the water hose was
busted she left it on and the pressure
busted the water hose that's crazy
