I found single ooh y'all this is the
puppet we use at VBS at the church that
same when I went to prayer to the pillar
and I was Cindy Lou I was the first seen
delay when she talked like this but one
thing I wanted for the toddler age group
was hey mom what's going on mom you need
your hair did no but I really did want
some puppets for reiterating the story
that we're going to be doing in the
toddler class toddlers are 18 it's up to
three years and then the preschool is
three to six years old and I really
wanted some puppets
you are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to give
in this together call me agenda for
today after p.o box time I have a Bible
study
well first actually I'm gonna go meet
with Heep and do our discipleship where
we talk about our issues in life peel
box
wow you guys
there's our few bucks Jenelle oh look at
this one
oh there's the one from miss Janet
that's a birthday card for you for miss
Janet wow this is Mona she's our p.o box
lady
she helps us with all of our post office
needs wreaths packages letters you name
true to train with packages
Emily Butler if she sent a for my cute
little soccer ball to either we're gonna
open it up right now in the car
thanks Emily I don't know what they are
thank you do you really think that's
what it is I'm gonna read the letter
let's see there what are you doing okay
okay it says PS enclosed please find a
little something which is not for you
but for your great big car overcoats for
your side mirrors with a German flag on
it oh my gosh these are for our car who
accept no my gosh Thank You Warner
family those are really cool I am
opening a package from the the Crocker
family
Oh slow cooker winning recipes awesome
I'm always in need of slow cooker
recipes that's perfect for my new
markers they've sent it it's not
watermelons and great you don't eat them
symphony they're not edible markers wait
that one's for me
PJ oh no they're like peachy I love it
they're called fuzzy peanuts you know
how did you guys know you know what we
just had pancakes and sausage on a stick
this morning if we had opened this
package just one day earlier we could
have eaten those with this new syrup
100% pure maple syrup from Bernard it
looks this looks awesome I mean just the
just the glass that it's in you can tell
it's not cheap stuff I think I'm gonna
drink this listen he should be really
smart after all these books look at the
Bible stories it's one story about why
God loves you because I love you I hope
you enjoy this book it was a favorite of
mine growing up oh I love you forever
I love this book I grew up with this
book too but Symphony actually does not
have a copy of her own here in our house
as long as I'm living my baby
another Max Lucado book you are special
how stinking cool is is to children's
books that are missing a book teaching
our children about the love of God by
Sergio Martinez those are really cool
art pieces in a book that's what this is
can you say thank you Katie and Ana
thank you kadian ana the Santos family
from Brazil there we go she's with
submit you big old family oh and then
they gave us a magnet in the family mom
yeah Caitlyn when I came across it out I
thought hey Mia is always showing us and
getting excited over her owls so I
decided to get it for you and
fortunately I didn't get Sam any bro
stuff Thank You Caitlin this is from
Julianna Bob feels like a book it is a
book the art of teen friendships
savoring the fragrance of swimming
together to the Rader family love
Giuliana long can you pipe down over
there buddy
we hear you pipe down it has for the
reef maker
Oh little do you guys know but I
actually need a little note tag to keep
track of certain little things that I
have to do with my wreaths because you
know yeah the funny sorry I didn't eat
them then to keep track of orders you
just lost her list of orders that she
kept on our phone oh look at all the
rainbow drawing papers I'll find it
our cameras about to die so if we don't
get you on this vlog I'll vlog that
later
this one's from Rebecca Smith real quick
Camilla sent us an awesome supper
platter let me grab a roleplay how
awesome is that immediately when I
opened it Symphony's hands Thank You
Camilla we love it
yes our Dell's is disappointing I found
the curriculum books that I really
wanted to look into and I liked them
they have a good price compared to like
what I saw online and they're very
specific detailed yet simple on several
different ways to tell one story to the
children we have an hour and a half and
that's what I'm really wanted I wanted
something that laid out how to tell the
same story of several different ways to
our kids so that's what I got for
Symphony's age now I'm looking at stuff
for like the toddler age which is like
18 months to up to three years same kind
of curriculum then the same brand and
everything but I cannot find like the
puzzles and stuff that I want to go with
it I looked online they had all these
puzzles and I'm wondering like
puzzles that you like you can do with
the kid Mardell has mainly no one the
art stuff I'm sure that once you go
online
Oh are there any more books like that
yeah none I found Cindy Lou y'all this
is the puppet we use at VBS at the
church that say when I went to prior to
the pillar and I was Cindy Lee I was the
first sandy lay when she talks like this
but one thing I wanted for the toddler
age group was
hey mom what's going on mom you need
your hair did no but I really didn't
want some puppets for reiterating the
story that we're gonna be doing in the
toddler class toddlers are 18 it's up to
three years and then the preschool is
three to six years old and I really
wanted some puppets but she's kind of
sentimental to me I feel like I should
get her I feel like I want to get Cindy
Lou and bring her to Pillar this can be
farmer Joe Oh
oh my gosh he's wearing a hat and he has
fluffy hair farmer Bo pasture Bo oh my
gosh I'm getting out doing it Bo this is
you in puppet form oh my gosh except
maybe the outfit but but next weird
knocks for these little bit Nana things
oh my gosh I'm so this of heaven I'm
going with it's the zit it's speaking to
me I'm getting it Pump It button our
farmer farmer Bo pastor Bo
oh my god should we do it or not is that
lame bo is this lame the kids love it at
Myrtle
oh cool so this is the progress that
sandy and I got done tonight we've been
busy little bees she came over for about
three hours and sat with me while I made
wreaths she even tried her hand at a
couple of them she did a whole vase of
one and then she helped me cut up fabric
for a different one it was pretty fun I
just wanted to tell you guys good night
and I hope you all have an awesome day
tomorrow I hope to be showing off some
of these wreaths that we made on the
wreath page and if you guys haven't
already noticed I have switched over
wreath sites
I used to use wreath spiny accom and now
I use an Etsy shop called wreaths by Nia
it's just more efficient for my company
it's more hands-on for me I have like
complete control over what I'm doing and
everything like that so anyways we will
see you guys on tomorrow's vlog bye so
what can I get now game day what screen
where you just know like okay what I
think
it's a bench it wouldn't went there
couldn't see this ketchup say any burned
her finger really really bad on the glue
she was helping me it opened up my skin
my skin is separated on my finger it
burned like all the way through there's
like a hole in her paw oh my gosh we
have made so much noise trying to get me
a sporran and we
