Abraham's not used to me in the mornings
he keeps fighting me trying to get back
to mommy keeps running out that door I
have to hold him down
I'm trying to let mommy sleep in this
morning see there he goes
Abram mommy's sleeping
by the same guy loved by the same heart
to give
in this together
what are we doing Symphony don't care
we're playing La Vie Gators really it's
called Hungry Hippos
but kopi Gators is what doc McStuffins
called it so that's what we're playing
one shot of espresso I'm about to shoot
a wedding it's wedding time and we are
getting our Starbucks fixed yummy oh my
gosh they did too much I said 2 & 2 oh
my gosh
I hate when this happens I ordered iced
coffee and I wanted two pumps of white
mocha and two pumps of peppermint and
they did three of each I don't know if
any of you out there know - and - we're
gonna ream a right now we're still
waiting we ordered Oh Sam likes his
order this panini sandwich to share I
wonder if it'll be good it's kind of
skinny and we're gonna be shooting it
I'm hungry
are you
you're out there me are you hungry
this little bit yeah say was saying this
is the first wedding I've shot with Sam
yeah probably in about maybe even longer
than that it may have been close to like
10 months we just arrived at the
asteroid events center in Mansfield
Texas it's a fairly new venue for stuff
like this and I've never been here I
don't think Sam's ever shot a wedding
here either he's getting everything set
up right over here
a primary body is the mark 3 Nia
insisted that she has to have a camera
she will not be assisting she doesn't
like to stand around without a camera so
I'm gonna be using the mark 3 shoes
Demark 2 for the past few weddings I've
been using 2 cards I used the little CF
card
I mean SD started let's see if cars
already in here I used the SD card as a
backup so every shot that I take goes on
this card as well as this card because
I've had card I had a card fell on me a
couple of weddings ago and it was pretty
bad oh man I did recover all the photos
and to avoid that from ever happening
again and make sure to shoot on two
cards so my strap broke like both sides
so I haven't taped up with electrical
tape because I didn't have time to get
another strap in between these two
weddings go ahead improvise here honey
you is hot no that's not the kind of hot
I mean the sky is just like so stinkin
cute first of all some of my favorite
colors
it's like coral and hail blue it looks
kind of orange on the camera and look at
the decorations buttons and little
lanterns this is so stinkin cute
on the way up here Sam and I were
discussing Abraham's first birthday
which is going to be my first year in a
flash and we're gonna have a photo booth
and stuff hopefully and so I saw this
right when we came in I was like oh
that's a good idea you can buy these at
Hobby Lobby for like five bucks and just
spray-paint them and have a little frame
for the photo booth hey I love it
these balconies up here like how cute
would that be if she was up there with
her bridal party and in this one back
here see that one right up there if we
got a shot from right down here for her
up there look how cute this must be
their little favors they say the date
and they have like a bride and a groom
on there oh how cute this is adorable he
must wear glasses I bet he does because
I noticed on Facebook she has her hair
and a headband a lot you have my whole
heart from a whole life eat this
keep one huh I guess there's gonna be
something here for them to eat I think
the cake is gonna go here Oh cute they
must really like Dr Pepper since 2014
drink dr. pepper this looks amazing oh
my gosh they don't like icing that is
one good-looking cake we get their
topper that's adorable and then here's
the groom's cake oh my look at this
there's just like a big bowl of icing um
can I please have some of that I could
just like take the icing would be good
we were at the wedding in Lubbock
Symphony was so so excited about the
wedding cake from now on when I'm at a
wedding I will always remember
symphonies first experience we had
mentioned that that was symphonies first
wedding that's not true she was a flower
girl on her uncle Michael's wedding I
don't know what we were thinking I guess
in my mind that was her first wedding to
come where her dad was like officially
working like he was like legit hired he
did work at Michael's wedding as well
but like not as hard hey there's chef
back there I'm guessing anyway so she
walks up to this lady a complete
stranger and she was like don't you
think that cake looks yummy and the late
she like walked down with the lady down
the stairs and asked her to get in line
with her to help her get a piece of cake
while they were cutting yet
like symphony it's not time for us to
have our cake yet I hate when I'm
accompanying Sam to a wedding whether
it's friends of ours or not I am the
last person to get food and the last
person to get cake there are so many
stinking cool places and this venue
better at this I better get back in
there though in case Sam comes back and
he wants this bad baby
this place is fairly new right um I feel
like a couple years everyone watching
about a year now okay cool and you're an
intern I am privileged we like it I love
it
I've learned so much from this place
like people that work here
what up DJ dick the house I know you
guys like us to talk about the food that
we're eating at our weddings today we're
eating gourmet chicken some kind of
maybe chipotle sauce or something
red wine we've got some mashed potatoes
here green beans and then bread so this
is one of those weddings where
everything is just going very smoothly
for me perfect lighting during the
ceremony coming through the trees
behind him doing some nice backlighting
I'm proud of this wedding so far
the wedding is over I swear the moment I
got to the wedding venue
I had a tinkle and I have not tinkled
since okay I've been full throughout the
entire wedding I saw in RVs when we
pulled in and I think you should get
something to eat I'm really really
hungry
all right honey we'll do it out okay I
think Arby's is closed what a bummer
so what can I get now that guy was
laughing at us vlogging who are you
talking to what screen where you just
know looking at okay it was decline oh
you've been shuttling right there
oh no maybe we're not getting Harvey's
after all what the hell first yeah yeah
Wow I'm so encouraged Steve was so
thirsty
way to our cars would be proper I know
how you know anywhere extremely you know
long-distance calls earlier you're not
done you're just mentally challenged
honey you spill the salt and hurry
possible of your left shoulder no don't
what sorry you guys didn't get to see
much of Abram and seek me I know that's
why he must have you watched the vlog
but you know Justin happened today I had
to take me along with me today because
Matthew wasn't available well he wasn't
the last minute that I decided go ahead
and take Nia
cuz we even got the shoot with each
other for a long time
so anyway any last words honey somebody
just said I look good in a stache and
asked if I got a haircut this Instagram
photo is good alright guys don't forget
bell peppers tomatoes and yogurt I mean
you do it you little sneak
you took my daddy's wallet that makes me
excited too when I find out he's wallet
