Oh No Abram started slipping in the
water and we had just taken a picture on
my phone of me and the kids and he
started kind of slipping so I like
reacted and grabbed him real quick and
saw my phone for like a split second
dunked under the water and I picked it
back up but I had music playing and I
could hear the speaker start going like
you are my sister made by the same guy
by the same
mom
the world
in this together it feels amazing
outside right now it's probably only
like 10 o'clock in the morning so it
just still feels great outside and I am
getting symphonies little kiddie pool
ready for her and Abram to come play in
the water when he wakes up from his
morning nap we are going to have some
water fun so also one thing I'm going to
be doing while they're having water fun
is just do the one final touch on our
table out here because I still need to
seal it
this pool is gross
a rainbow and filling it up now it's all
cleaned out for the most part
hello
okay so when I first started I was like
it feels amazing out here but now I'm
really hot so I'm gonna go inside cool
off and wait for Abram to wake up and
we'll go play in the water
symphonies getting a pedicure she just
gave me mine doesn't it look fantastic
yeah nice cycles yeah okay I won't touch
them walking I'm getting in line now
yep it's your turn what better way to
get a much-needed pedicure than from
your four-year-old little daughter this
is the cutest way to get a pedicure ever
cool you guys we are all water ready
Abram is not a fan I thought you would
love it because it's kind of like the
bathtub it's shallow like the bathtub
for him uh-oh now maybe he found a toy
and he liked it your broom is happy now
okay show us how you go down the slide
cool
so many it started now it's really
bright out here I'm like seeing spot so
I'm trying to vlog but it's probably
really hard to tell right now but the
table is actually done with its first
and second clear coat I think that's all
I'm going to do it's already got a few
damage spots on it because I waited so
long to put the clear sealer over it but
it's okay it still looks great it's an
outdoor table it's gonna get dirty
anyways but now the wood will at least
be protected okay I'm kind of crazy I
got in the pool with my clothes on
because I can't just go in and change
I've got to drag them off take them and
change I can back out so like I'm just
getting it with my clothes on it is so
hot out here my plan was to finish
sealing the table and then work on the
laptop on wreath orders and the business
aspects of my business and I just don't
think that's gonna happen it is so hot
but look at Santa's is way better than
working look at these cute water babies
hi yeaji here in oh you guys so how'd it
like wrapped up sitting straight up so
hopefully the water will just like drain
out I don't know if I'm supposed to do
that or not or if I should like lay it
flat and let it dry off but I am gonna
leave it dry for a long time I mean I'm
gonna leave it off for a long time I
have already had one phone ruined by
liquid damage very recently actually I
think you guys I'm I think we were
vlogging at that time still so you guys
if you've been watching us for a while
you know that just a couple months ago
sandy dunked my phone into a snow cone
that was melted and ruined my phone same
phone and now I knew better but I really
really wanted a picture of us all
swimming and it looks so cute and I was
like oh it's not gonna fall in it's at
shallow water I'm just sitting here like
literally I was just sitting like right
there but then I just reacted really
fast to Abram kind of like slipping he
didn't even go underwater but I mean if
my phone is ruined to prove it Abram
from going under the water it's worth it
but still a bummer we're all dried off
and now we're having lunch I'm having
some taco stew that I made last night
Abram is having grapes puffs bell
peppers and little sausages he ate all
the sausages assuming we had a lot of
things what did you have can you tell
the viewers well I had some hard on the
I ate em oh snap
bell peppers and tomatoes
and yogurt mmm how was the pool finally
good why finally because I went
underwater mm-hmm and the baddest part
was when we saw up bumble bee oh yeah
was that scary mm-hmm Emily yes came in
the house I really need to learn how to
manage my fear of wasps bees cicadas
especially when it's hot outside and
we're in some cool water because they
all want the cool water and so they're
all like buzzing around us and so there
was like a couple bumblebees that were
flying around us like the little four
not little but the big digger bees and
there was a cicada which I mean I never
really see cicadas up close flying
around me I hear them and like I'll see
them but it was like swarming around us
it wanted in the water a bit then a wasp
the red wasp came and it flew away then
it came back so I splashed it which I
know that makes them mad but I read
online that when you splash them they
learn not to come back around because
they're gonna get splashed and they
could have essentially drowned and
whatever it didn't work I think I made
it mad and it started like coming
towards us I swear and so we all got out
my phone is still turned off and I am
waiting probably another 30 minutes to
an hour to see if it's gonna come back
on I think it will I feel very confident
about it what will the verdict be I'm
getting ready to turn my phone on what
do you think the verdict will be let's
see here it's coming on it's got a clean
looking screen hmm no no no no no no no
no there it is there's that handsome
face I like to turn my phone on to it
looks like it's gonna be in good shape
let's test it it's working
everything's working let's try out
Spotify
okay guys so our camera had a little
malfunction for like the middle and
latter half of our day so I didn't
really get to do any vlogging and I
turned the camera off for probably like
four hours and now I turned it back on
to go upload the videos and it was it
was fine it was working just fine
so I decided to do a little bit of extra
vlogging for you guys I'm going to be
working on a baby announcement wreath
and I'm just going to slowly work on it
and show you guys my progress as I do it
alright step one
just got a blue base there alright step
number two is finished plugging in the
ribbons next step little safari animals
here's the finished product I'm all done
it took me about an hour to do this one
because I hand-painted that J and I
really wanted to do polka dots but then
I was like no it's for a boy there's
already polka dots on the ribbon I'm
going to do too many cuz then that makes
it girly so I did like square dots and I
feel like that also kind of goes along
with the um more of a safari theme
anyways because they're just kind of
random I don't know that's just what my
creative mind wanted to do so anyways I
hope you guys have had an awesome day
sorry this vlog is short and excluding
Sam because the time that he was awake
was the time that the camera was like
having the malfunction and now he is
asleep again and so yeah this is just
like another vlog without Sam I know I
don't like it either anyways we will see
you guys tomorrow on the vlog and since
Sam has just not done this in days don't
forget guys we love you and remember to
love each other
gotta get
you're be super saying hey no it's not
doing anything like that sometimes this
camera just does the weirdest things
you
