it's Thanksgiving but the sad news is
he's in the hospital today on
Thanksgiving oh my gosh Thanksgiving
Thanksgiving turkey Turkey turkey no
we're getting me an what are you guys
doing this morning
Oh juju oh good you said to just do it
on paper cuz we can't do it in this tree
let's check a mama and a baby
what yeah it was this about 12 stories
are in
she did too big for your lap no she's
not
my god good morrow you guys down this
morning
Phil thank Bob who's thankful that this
morning I'm feeling very thankful but I
got some sad sad sad news guys you guys
already know Turk you haven't done that
sad news but actually the real sad news
is a lot of you guys have been
commenting a lot about Andrew and love
you kinda are in love with him I mean
he's he's that type of guy that just
like oh he's handsome but doesn't know
what he's a humble guy but the sad news
is he's in the hospital today on
Thanksgiving last night he was having a
bunch of pain under his ribs throwing up
like crazy sounds like a gallbladder
issue but the end of diagnosing him with
appendicitis my brother at what 2728 has
appendicitis of the three years our
worth of the ER nurse I had never seen
anybody at that age you get appendicitis
he is actually headed into surgery as I
speak right now they're rolling him into
surgery they're gonna take his appendix
out hopefully we'll get to see him
tonight it's a date surgery it's so like
Andrew do they end up in the hospital on
Thanksgiving it's really funny the
reason the bed that rolling him into the
our surgeries no sad guy's surgery okay
that's what happens when we don't eat
right we don't eat our carrots and stuff
we're about green beans always bothered
you
we're gonna watch the Macy's Day Parade
and 360 turn let's see who else is out
there as a band right there
well this year Santa Claus has a lot of
energy ouch I have that kind of energy
today morning and Happy Thanksgiving you
guys it's a glorious day at the so
recently I've been working on this
little stool slash table or whatever and
I've chiseled away quite a bit at the
bottom I'm gonna try to finish it I want
to give us a Rachel she really
appreciates these kind of things so I'm
gonna finish it up when she gets here
I'm gonna give to her today but guys I
think today is a perfect day to share my
favorite verse with you first
Thessalonians 5 16 through 18 rejoice
always pray without ceasing give thanks
in all circumstances for this is the
will of God in Christ Jesus for you when
I go and prayer to God and I asked him
what is your will for me please show me
what your will is I think of this verse
it's so clear what his will is for us
it's giving thanks he wants us his
simple will for us is to pray to him
constantly all day long every day and
just talk to him like he's our friend
and to give thanks no matter what is
happening what a simple answer to the
question of what is God's will for me
like who's not fancy let me get her
little skirt
oh pretty I made a really good playlist
for today of worst at music slash
thankful music and as soon as that's
been played out you know after a couple
like three or four hours of it I'm a
time
so due to Andrews surgical procedure
he's doing okay though Angie and I had
prepared or planned to prepare a
charcuterie board full of cheeses and
stuff like that so luckily I had plenty
of stuff to fill up the board and I have
a little bit of space for when she gets
here now that my board is all pretty and
done and everything is put away from it
I've got my rolls ready to bake but it's
definitely not time to bake them andrea
should be here any minute she's gonna
cook her ducks and some stuffing so
we'll just see how it goes I'm a little
nervous I get antsy about having to
reheat food or cooking something to set
aside while everything else gets cooked
we'll see it'll be good I know it'll be
good symphonie just told me five things
that she's thankful for food family my
good care guy friends friends yeah and
that was so cute she said my good mare
scary you just randomly whop out a table
he just went outside he comes like in
one's beautiful table babe what bring it
over here let me look at this oh my god
it's so cute oh my gosh Juliet you can
eat your lunch oh yeah oh my gosh it
feels like the glass coating is so cute
I love it Anthony good idea
auntie Andrea's here guys I would never
ever hosted Thanksgiving with a helper
before it's like I do everything the
people come and eat it and destroy my
house or tails me clean up and then
they'll go look at that what oh is that
your stuffing yummy last year we had all
these issues with like when's it does it
is it wrong and it was wrong in one spot
so Andrea Baba's a thermometer and I'm
about to use it on the ham the first
time
so we have prepared a hot drink section
and a cool drink section we just keep
adding to our table andrea brought a
pumpkin pie and then back there's my
hand which turned out so good dude you a
really big OGG and a kiss on your lap
yeah well man you qalaat lighter than
you were yesterday yeah
come on extra moves like what 2 ounces
okay you're so cute shaken hug you it's
all better now
but people are so nice every single one
of them doctors nurses neurologists
everything wonderful that is incredible
the people even had to come in this
morning just for the surgery there were
all extremely freaking eyes oh cool as
soon as I got there is like five nurses
came in the room to check right so this
made it Rach I actually made that for
you
that little table whatever I did we're
just using that thank you oh my god
she's funny I was gonna ask if you could
make me some arrow work from your tree
well I saw that neighborhood I made from
nermal oh my gosh is gonna say something
to your so tell you when I saw it
animals
Oh
you throw duck at me we're gonna call it
a night right here
thanks for joining us our Thanksgiving
guys hope you guys had a great one for
the end of the vlog we're going to end
it with the slideshow the pictures that
Matthew took of us a couple of days ago
so that's what we're gonna in today's
vlog I Alice give me a call Carver
gimmick all matchy Photography alright
guys hope you enjoy the show don't
forget we love you and remember to love
to each other
give up a junior high by now the other
one every anchor give them a five with
that thing
I can't really what harder
