pick an animal in Symphony you have to
guess what he's being the same guy the
same
there's
to give
in this together what are we gonna do
Symphony Gus yes Symphony got her very
first press-on fingernails for her
birthday
there we are so far final product wow
that's crazy do you like him yeah all
right there's symphonies little fake
nails for the first time Hey well
wouldn't you know we're at Walmart again
today we are gonna try to exchange
symphonies birthday gifts that she got
doubles up and also the speaker that we
were gonna use at her birthday party
that we ended up not using her party
because that DJ guy offered us an
amazing gift for Symphony vdj her party
so that's what we're gonna do last time
I tried to exchange it at Walmart they
wouldn't let me because I didn't have a
receipt and I had already returned or it
show you something about a receipt so
we'll see how it goes
Symphony and Abram are sharing some mini
Nilla wafers well none is sharing - I
does that mean you want more look at
this cute shirt it says daddy's surf
dude isn't that cute daddy used to be a
surfer hi hi Abram Abram can you say
yeah
Abram hey what are you staring at nosey
wiggle wiggle wiggle what do you got
here this is one of Symphony's toys she
got when she exchanged her her bow and
arrow today box was super misleading
it's got Ariel Rapunzel and bill all
doing their thing on the little swing
set for the bathtub but it only comes
with Ariel and I'm very very very very
very fine print it says Rapunzel and
Belle not included gotta say I was a
little bit disappointed and I think
that's possibly why it's on clearance
because last time we saw it was not it's
probably like getting returned and stuff
like that
that's all we got Ariel though that's
Symphony's favorite so she can swing and
she can she can go down the slide into
the water what do you think of this
symphony let's wait till after dinner
and stuff okay I'll let you play with
this for a long time tonight I promise
Abram is just doing something new every
day today he put his spoon inside the
baby food lifted the spoon saw that
there was food on it and he brought it
to his mouth and ate it he did that
three times already here brother
here look right here - irritating you
there you go
now take your bite look at your spoon
look take your bite
there you go
Symphony what are you doing quite
beautiful thank you are you ready for
tale so today at Walmart I saw this
no-bake gel polish and I'm gonna be
trying that out later tonight I guess
Andy's not gonna try it out with me
because she's got the different
beautician down there anything else then
I'm gonna try this out for y'all tonight
and we'll see how it works here comes
the sprinkle queen let me see if I can
help you
we're gonna play water charade come on
come pick an animal in Symphony you have
to guess what he's be no you act like an
animal and see if you can guess it
yeah be a superhero what superhero is he
okay it's that time of the night the
kids are in bed and it's mommy time
usually I use this time to get some
chores done or some wreaths but tonight
I'm gonna paint my nails and so today I
found this miracle gel by Sally Hansen
it is a two-step process that doesn't
need the LED lights and it only requires
three coats of nail polish so I'm really
excited to try this out and I'm gonna
let you guys see how it works with me so
anyways I'm gonna get started I've got
some mood music in the background I'm
listening to Al city All Things Bright
and Beautiful if you really listen and
pay close attention to the lyrics it
really sounds like he's talking about
his experience and finding Jesus I've
got my nail polish see these horrible
nails when I remover my little pads we
need two of this and one of this
I really like this color apply two coats
of miracle gel color activate curing
with miracle gel topcoat let natural
light do the rest it's been 5 minutes
and they are completely dry
I don't know I'm curious to see how
they're gonna hold up I do a lot of
housework and I'm just curious to see if
they're really gonna last up to two
weeks I would be really happy if they
lasted ten days alright well thanks for
watching me give myself a manicure I'm
super excited about this if it works I
feel like I have found like my go-to
nail polish forever
because I like having gel nails because
they last longer and I do not like
paying 35 to 40 dollars every few weeks
for it so hopefully this will do the job
alright well you guys have a great night
and we'll see you all tomorrow on the
blog
