that's just beautiful just clean the
window yesterday and I got big two
streaks of Bert Boote down window looks
like they drove a little car down my
brother you are my sister made by the
same guy loved by the same
love
to give love
well
in this together we've been looking for
it's like since we left Rockwall your
game I you vlogging right now yes oh my
god you're so cute
you remember eyes this is so cool you
guys are doing this this is called naps
filling station in Texas eat it's
awesome how are you a minion you can
look at it okay I see you
this is Amanda I'm sorry I don't think
I've ever like introduced you guys but
we met there Facebook
Thank You symphony come say hi to Olivia
she watches our vlogs and you swam with
her at Nana's house one time - can you
give her a hug oh I'm so cute look how
cute this is
oh my gosh I just love it I think it's
so perfect for like um photo shoots and
stuff like that Joey right Joey
he owns naps filling station here off
2:05 where's the menu what's good man we
actually sold out him a few things
yesterday so I'm down - we've got our
barbecue chopped brisket sandwich from
the east because that's how they do it
in the east and then we also have the LT
hanno which is a little more of the
Mexican no varietal you've got pickled
jalapenos we're trying to scramble in
there I'm doing the wrecker as well
which is basically three pigs on the
stick which is right here
it's a chode a rub pork chop this is
done with the jalapeno sausage leek it's
bacon wrap and I smoke back and then
serve it with a honey mustard part also
man so I have many more things to come
this is just
okay so you redid this trailer yeah as a
Russian since 1969 Trail plates cooler
1969 trailblazer I'm so excited right
corridor holders know how much you yeah
what do you want to get oh I'll give you
guys maybe you want I'll make you
everything from from the east image I
guess we could just do a couple records
cuz Olivia's glasses you go Olivia yeah
oh they have Barbie on them
Oh y'all looks so beautiful the cooler
water why do you want to cold water
daddy daddy can reduce gaps of what he
can't no no
look at this things he looks awesome Wow
look at this
TripIt culmination item moment called
the wrecker so today's a big day that's
not because my nose is extra red today
is because while we were on our trip
Eric wrote me a message makes your knees
not listening
Eric texted me and said that him and his
wife were having a baby
Sandy's bet I mean Nia's best friend
sandy is having a baby
so today Sandy's supposed to tell Nia
over dinner and another one of her
friends so it's just really exciting I'm
so happy for Eric and sandy they've been
trying for a while from what I know
they've been trying for quite some time
to have another one make sure she's not
peeking
so door church today Nia got up to go
nurse Abram because he's acting fussy I
tapped on Sandy's shoulder I was like
hey sandy when do you want to tell Nia
and she was like tell her what I was
like you know she's like know what I was
like that you're pregnant
and she's like who told you like Eric
and she like turned round was like very
upset with me and Eric and just like
gave me the cold shoulder and her and
Eric started talking she's pretty upset
about it but he has that right to tell
me that he's having a baby right but
anyway I ended up asking her because I
was asking her because I wanted to vlog
it I want to make sure we got it on the
vlog because Sandy's Nia's best friend
you guys know that and Nia's gonna freak
when she finds out and so that's what's
gonna happen tonight I really wanted to
get Eric in the vlog but just didn't
happen but anyway stay tuned for that
little later tonight okay oh yeah and
while we're in the hotel hanging out
during our trip Nia looked at me was
like sandy said they're going to remake
their house again or remodel their house
or do a house remodel whatever and she
was like but they just did that and I
almost said I was like it's probably
because they're having another baby I
didn't say that much at all I didn't say
anything but that's what almost came out
of my mouth and I just I just it's been
hard to hold it and I really want to
tell her because I know she's gonna be
like what what that's what she's gonna
look like I guarantee it
well it's back to reality here in my
house
I'm cooking dinner on the stove I've got
mounds and mounds and mounds and mounds
of laundry behind me in that room and
that room in that room
Courtney is in town and we're gonna go
have dinner tonight you guys met
Courtney on the vlogs from when we made
our trip to LA for the Disney music
video so she's in town we're gonna go
have dinner with her and Sandy we're
taking the kids and I think we're gonna
go eat at Applebee's or Chili's or
something like that but I've still got
dinner cooking over here for Sam he's
gonna have meatball subs today what we
have done is just unpack I've made
different piles of laundry for me to be
organized throughout the rest of my
evening and that's what we're going to
be doing as soon as we get home from
dinner tonight I'm going to get the kids
ready for bed and I'm gonna just
continue on with my task
apparently sandy has some really big
news for us later tonight so stay tuned
and find out what she has to tell us
I can't wait she wouldn't tell me at
church today she was like no you have to
wait until dinner tonight and I was like
what just tell me right now so the whole
day my mind has been like really what
could it be what could it be
is she gonna have a baby is she gonna
get a promotion is she gonna move is she
getting a new car I don't know what
could it be what do you guys think it is
what could it be
I don't know but anyways we'll find out
later together
this little guy is just so happy to be
home he missed his Walter and having
snack time in the kitchen and we're off
this is where we go our separate ways I
gotta work knee goes here some news from
Sandy yep
let me know what it is okay I love it
hey sap ASAP okay I'll text you ASAP
I'm trying to make it guys don't forget
we love you remember to love each other
yeah I love you I love you too
Symphony has some books for the kids I
am just ready to hear Sandy's news and
see Courtney I'm just like let's go go
I'm more excited she's curvy wait I
can't see you right there okay wait a
minute
it's like a silhouette of your finger
there we go wait right here a moment
I've been waiting for all day
okay no I'm making a serious
announcement
I get so excited I really had a feeling
there was something like that Patti
how's it gonna happen oh my gosh this is
Courtney's reaction she speak to is
useless and I'm totally not speeches us
ringing yeah hold on um because we can
do it between daycare school yes
whatever car payments will be paid off
oh so like when you found this out
doesn't happen just forget you ever
heard it okay also check out this cool
picture wait a second wait a second
child I'm here at all I know that
Courtney she's about you know he's a big
brother so don't stay at home it is so
exciting sandy has a baby in her tummy
no you can't see Courtney's eyes with
their totally water how did you find out
how long have you known how far along
are you
what do you having go to your
neighborhood how many pregnancy tests
did you take if you do three um I'm
sweating so I bathroom I know I'm sorry
oh I knew it though I have asked you
like 12 times in the past or week you
asked me air kiss me no no I knew at
everything like you were the only people
to know that's I'm gonna keep it like
that I must be there first I think Aaron
knows every knows because my order to
sure
and Eric found them and open them I'm
like shaking and one says one says only
child aspiring March 2015 and one said
this guy's a big brother what is this
about I said oh that's for a friend's
baby shower that's coming up next week
and then I'm like no is the right time
the right time so I had kept it on the
shirt go over there - dad your big
brother ever
my legs are shaking so I don't want a
ball chain with Eric baby brother ever
in a shirt and he was like I said don't
tell anyone until I was like who talks
am Danny yes he did I said I have a plan
on how I want to tell everybody let me
get that baby all right ER I know you
knew - because do you know what now
you're saying for keeping your shirt do
you know why I knew he goes text me
immediately when you find out I want to
know asap when you find out I was like
why does he think it's so big I didn't
understand what he thought the news is
Sophia he has me in charge today what
are you gonna song in there how Excel
what you even talked about it behind my
back in church you're in trouble again
thank you the lunch time actually that
is so exciting that I got to find out
what's working okay do you see Abram do
you think he's cute do you love him that
Symphony's baby brother do you know
you're gonna have one of these but maybe
a girl but you're gonna have a little
baby crawling around your house and
crying and loving you and you're gonna
take care of her right
yes she's gonna love you more than
anyone
you're gonna be her favorite person what
do you want what kind of baby do you
want mommy to have a boy why good cuz
why what do you want to name him um
black the flash Oh ask him when he
what's the name of Earl what do you want
to name your girl Snow White okay no
white snow white flash I love it no
seriously though what are your top names
for a boy I don't know I don't know we
all know your tie name for a girl
Courtney because I really like to push
snow white we're gonna add this name I
was always going to be failing front row
and now that name is everywhere and I
really like Lincoln and now that name is
everywhere and I don't know MS Caitlyn
your name is everywhere so I'm like out
of names I'm like those were my name's I
did buy a book on presidents oh thank
you
Madison Oh like Madison Madison
I like Lincoln I like Lincoln yeah
looking as a gravel on a Lincoln I've
never heard as a real name see I ordered
as a girl but I was like you know what
so many people have Lincoln what if I
just giggling Cleo I can see my luck
Olivia I'm how I like no on the link and
a lovely Larson oh I like link Larson
who's link Larson Oh My yes you're gonna
stab yes you know that when we link
Larson oh my gosh Gordon coming back
think that hair spray
I've never seen you misread the movie
I'm in the show the musical movie was a
shout out back
that's so funny like Ezra did the kidney
that's where I saw it on mr. grant and I
was hiding I can't believe it I'm not
sure what swear it was on your YouTube
how is that to say I was like I heard
that name listen this man but no one in
your family when you're rushing at a lab
with a friend try a youtube friend I
made a friend on YouTube not a friend on
YouTube okay so we're here and Sandy
just sent the photo of cuff in his shirt
to our group text of all of our best
friends we have a group of five of us to
the five of us yes sandy Courtney honey
as Katie Emily all five of us of
investments for like years and years and
40 and I hear got to find out in person
but Cindy shortly after sent a text to
our group so that they could also hear
the good news along with us so we're
gonna share with you guys their
reactions okay our first response an
epic Katie Turner this is me screaming
it's gonna be so tiny and cute I totally
have baby beaver like having the second
best thing how excited is everyone that
Sandy's gonna have a baby oh my gosh I
have not stopped thinking about it I am
just like I've gotten teary eyed on and
off all night thinking that my friend is
asleep in her bed and there's a baby and
her tummy just growing and waiting for
us to love it oh gosh we're saying it's
a girl for now I think sandy really
wants us to just put girly vibes in her
direction and I'm just so excited I
don't even know what else to say
I'm just already feel like I can't wait
to hold her baby oh gosh it's just crazy
the last time sandy was pregnant I was
working I didn't have kids yet and I
didn't really know like everything that
she was going through I didn't even
really know how to like sympathize with
her empathize or whatever but now I do I
know like what's going on and I know how
like different emotions she might be
feeling and I just uh I just can't wait
to like watch her be pregnant and like
just be there for her she was such a
solid friend and such a rock for me to
lean on when I was pregnant and
and when I had Abram she was just always
there for me and like in ways that a
husband can't always be there for you
husbands don't know what it's like to be
pregnant husbands don't know what it's
like to be hormonal and crazy and and
want to cry every five seconds and and
she was just so there for me and I just
sandy I'm so gonna be there for you I
cannot wait to just ah be with you
through this I can't wait and I can't
wait to see your sweet little precious
baby come out on on the other side of
everything I'm just so excited I'm so
happy for you tonight when Symphony and
I were doing our our bedtime routine we
prayed for Sandy and her little baby and
we prayed that um it would stay healthy
and grow good inside of her we're so
excited and it was so cute because when
I got to that part where I started
praying for the baby symphony did that
she usually cuddles up to me when we're
praying and so she was kind of like
laying on me but when I got to the part
about the little baby in Sandy's tummy
she went like this and she like curled
up all around my body was so cute oh my
gosh
okay well this has really helped me
because I have baby fever right now and
I'm just like yes maybe I can just like
get over my baby fever and watch sandy
in her pregnancy and watch her tummy
grow and then hold her newborn baby and
that'll cure me of my baby fever anyway
so I'm gonna tell you guys goodnight and
I'm gonna go finish my unpacking tasks
and we will see you all on tomorrow's
blog bye so just forney starts talking
about how nice is having kids could
symphonie spilled my coffee on my lap
love kids just
