you are my sister made by the same guy
loved by the same heart we've got to
live
no world will know
in this together goodness we're all
comfy in our hotel bed daddy is off
meeting with the bride and the groom and
we're gonna watch some cartoons and
maybe go swimming in a little bit if
Abram can take a good morning nap we'll
see how that goes
Oh some pain what do you want to do
first today when daddy gets back
Wow ready go for hot stuff Wow
are you dressed up as Frankie before are
we going too well
go anywhere I mean go in there that's
warm very cool really fun Sam hell the
baby for the last like 15 20 minutes I
can flames man
step on the ball and close get the
swimming club it's pretty cool
look at those little love handles are so
cute look love handle buddy I'm trying
to say what I need to do today I'm
either gonna take Symphony exploring go
to the gym or stay right where I'm at
I'm at and go to sleep
what do you think I should do that Nia
wait we're the options
god the gym exploring with Stephanie or
sleep Holly tells us either with the
baby screaming in the background
it is just so relaxing honey don't throw
the baby out with the bathwater
where you going wait turn bar with my
feet wait well you're bursting like corn
I have a mouthful of Part II I want to
like be me I'm pretty talented foot
longer look at us you want to come up
here hey bruh
hey buddy Kiki titi sippin E and I
decided we're gonna go exploring yay you
excited put my hand Hey
are you going throw some awesome
buildings in downtown love it like some
old factories and old mills and stuff
we're gonna go check out those for those
of you who don't know Symphony and I go
exploring once a week for 52 big
challenge that I started this year and
we are on a week
twenty-nine I think I missed last week
which is such a bummer so this week I'm
going to make it up and we're going to
go to two places today we're going to do
one and I'll probably do another one on
the way home
sickening I just found a bunch of
groundhogs but I think they are okay so
cute look at those guys those prairie
dogs leg it is running around here wild
two coming out of the little hole see
the little hole right there
I'm not sure what these are but they're
adorable we're trying to get a full
GoPro shot
look they get any shots of them scare
them all away by running up to their
hole those are black-tailed prairie dogs
with the where I looked it up alright
let's come for go for the unknown Wow
what are they called try and think
you'll remember let's look around
you
brick building does the train going
behind it see the train
see that big train come on let's go in
here
awesome in here
so cool I'll give a rule you got a big
hole in it look up into the light
where's the light coming from can you
find where the lights come in from no I
think it's coming from the holes in the
ceiling whoa this place is so
ridiculously cool that is a cooler
climate can I climb it are you
well Symphony and I just got kicked out
of our first exploration site not a big
deal right Tiffany we got to see a lot
of stuff anyway
was it fun would you learn about what
are those big circle things called think
spools
look we got to see what it's like to be
a true urban explorer even the part of
getting kicked out of the location but
we weren't in some kind of restricted
areas like the get fence was open the
gate was open there's actually
businesses like right there right by
these old buildings and he's at the
house with Abram they're both taking a
nap right now she told me that wastes
time out with Symphony so they can get
some sleep
I'm going to surprise mommy with this oh
this look at you you are a brave girl
you were right see I told you you could
do it so Symphony and I were driving
over here to go park and a guy had
dropped his wheelchair he was in a
wheelchair and he had another wheelchair
not sure why he had two wheelchairs but
the second wheelchair wheel rolled into
the street so I stopped and helped him
get it back up his ramp to his to his
apartment and then I turned the car back
around and has us turn the car back
around went to the other side that the
apartment he had it rolled back into the
street on the other side of the house
she do this on purpose
pretty lady was helping him get it up I
was like that's what's going on he's
trying to get a woman's attention in the
apartment complex it was really funny
look at these bumpy slides and never
seen slides like this before simply go
down these bumpy slides
bumpety bumpety bumpety will be that
looks fun I wish I bumpy slides growing
up these are awesome you were brave look
at you look at you wow what a brave girl
sure did you ready sure do you know what
I like about this park it has an element
of danger to it like this type thing
play this I've never seen something like
this at a playground they're usually
like very safe and boring but this even
has like a little ledge right here
I'd like a very thin region and then
they have these steps which I thought
was really cool though like step across
them and they're pretty high and they
wiggle
they wave a little bit and they're made
to walk across it and these are kids
doing this I think it's awesome that
they little bit dangerous or risky for
the kids they have these monkey bars
ladies they turn as you're like climbing
on
all right nice said we got to get this
count so these guys don't hurt
themselves on it
see what I mean by dangerous park all
right Symphony is the leader we're off
to go do the rehearsal dinner
photography the kids and the mommy the
wifey are going to come along and I'm
gonna do pictures I guess they just want
basically this time to take photos is to
introduce the camera to the family
I'm calling Andrew I forgot the bride's
name and in most cases he introduces up
boom and then pick up you found it three
masked F&E Oh Stephanie okay her name
Stephanie who I forget name so easily
it's horrible here stand back there
for photographing personal and dinner
talking with the groom's family so
today's name and I noticed the apron was
ready to start doing puzzles and stuff
like that today he tried to stick a
toothbrush that he Teebs on in my
bellybutton and he like got it right on
and then he tried to stick the phone
hold it in your mouth Sam's mouth
and now he's putting the candle so I saw
him playing with the keys out like I'm
just gonna make a circle out of my hand
and see what he'll do with it so ok
ready
he's so happy about it
we're eating Greek food today at the
rehearsal dinner I've never had Greek
food he has never agreed food so this
should be interesting
know what is so disgusting he was like
trust me alike
okay the first flavor I tasted was
coconut we had to make an emergency exit
CP was running around outside and fell
into her knees and she's got two
boo-boos down there port no someone the
same two frozen she said that what
you're sorry I'm making a last-minute
run into target what's that's the Doudna
into door and I got out of the car I was
like okay see you guys in an hour
I can't believe Sam is letting me go
into target alone with no kids I'm going
in for headphones already I'm like
think I'm gonna get symphony a little
craft for her Boober it's a pretty bad
boo-boo mini coloring pages for Hello
Kitty
she loves Hello Kitty she calls it Hello
Kitty I kind of want a corrector
sometimes because you know how like
there's like this new saying that's like
yeah like it's like a new saying yeah oh
my gosh so awkward
um vlogging and target in a different
town so I feel a little bit more
uncomfortable than I do when I'm at home
just blogging at our target anyway so
like the news saying is like hella
awesome a lot of people say that I don't
say that but when somebody's I kinda had
like kitty that's hella kitty I'm like
kind of sound a little bit gangsta
Symphony oh my gosh look at these cute
little kid some Aid mixers just like I
thought I came in for headphones already
I've got symphony a little coloring book
a swimsuit since as you saw earlier
today I forgot a nightgown that's so
cute
thank you it's been a busy day today
guys I thought we got a lot done I did
the photo shoot
I took Symphony exploring we went
swimming
seems like goes such a long day another
random photography tip for you guys if
you want to get reflection of somebody
on a shiny wall or even painting on the
wall
get the reflection like this do you see
a reflection of me on that wall no you
got to get the camera close to all boom
there I am see me my reflection that's
how you doing hey peekaboo I was getting
sleepy peekaboo hey boom Oh what you
doing over there
Crawford okay okay okay oh yeah awesome
I just think it's perfect i cropped it
up a little bit
all the lights were in it these aren't
lights that's sun shining through on the
ground obviously and simply's making
shadow puppets on the ground I just
think it's perfect on that note guys
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other oh and also we want to
do a meet up tomorrow right or Saturday
I've already made a post on our Facebook
page if you guys are interested in you
live in Lubbock
please meet up with us we'll probably
meet up at a park or something and just
kind of hang out with each other um
anyway bye guys bye
do you guys saturday simply said by a
little girl when you're
by you feel like you sold somebody else
jump in the bed get up and jump on it
show me yay
Oh can mommy have a kiss
