hey I'm Holly I've been packing for our
trip can you guys see my cute little
accessory we're taking okay how long do
you want to go are you gonna pack up in
there
he looks so mad he just woke up from a
nap don't unfold on my clothes please oh
you want out oh you are my sister made
by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to live
we've got to give
well
in this together I'm cleaning out the
car for our trip symphony can you tell
sandy and cuff thank you that is so cool
but I'm getting water all in here what
the matter with a bogey boo
what earring really dream uh these are
my traveling clothes I was gonna wear
these cute on my road trip honey hand
tail can y'all tail no can you can dowse
t anyways especially in the camera you
can't tell $30 and I got him for 10
bucks at Percy PI here and tell nice
they have a $10 rack and it's like all
really cute boutique e esha clothes home
from work obviously my little man is at
my feet and I'm preparing some cereal
and I thought I'd share with you guys
what I'm half Mia usually makes us
breakfast as you guys know age or
something and she hates when I pull up
to cereal I don't know why she hates it
so much I love cereal I grew up on
cereal so I'm having today I'm having
frosted rice krispies and some
blueberries on top with 2% milk
put it on top okay so we're getting
packed up ready to go
Tiffany come here see somebody peeking
don't forget the toothpaste so straight
down I'm forgetting something but it's
just like going to any other regular
wedding I don't need to freak out about
it
just because it's so far I feel like I'm
forgetting something but usually always
forget something small unusually
insignificant as long as I have my
camera's my flashes which are all in my
pill concave and I have my stance I'm
good
you can
hey buddy hey are you hiding from the
handsome Oh guy what up 30 minutes
what you got packed that's your bullseye
Peck who is that does that mean me
yeah me Annie Oh Lambie no lamby lamby
no Lambie
Oh mammy okay what else you bringing you
doc McStuffins book yeah a long ago
that's perfect
we're gonna go to hotel and swim in it
oh is that what you're most excited
about this when we pull up the hotel are
you excited about the long drive we're
gonna be driving for six hours your boat
you'll probably go to sleep tonight in
the car yeah what were you going to say
yeah what that what
my ring your ring what ring the ring
that was on my finger you have to bring
a ring
yeah because mom and said I can wear all
day lucky even when I go to bed crazy
even Mama's hurry the bed that is so
crazy okay
okay great job packets I hope I feel
like I'm I've already forgotten one oh
my god this has to go to all your
clothes Abraham's wedding outfit you
guys and so they'll be attending the
wedding while I'm shooting it Nia will
not be shooting the wedding with me she
usually shoots with me but it's not
possible I said I can hold Abram in my
front pack on my back and shoot and then
I'm Stephanie follow you at your at your
feet while you're shooting that's not
gonna work
it's always so hard going on vacation
and deciding what you need to bring what
you need to leave home where you're
gonna need what you can do without for a
few days like in an exciting moment that
we're in right now it's just hard to
decide make those huge decisions you
know what I mean
I can't decide if I should take this or
not if I asked Nia she'll probably say
we do need to take it and I'm just not
sure what do you guys think even though
you can't really can't really take your
advice because going up tomorrow
hello this right here
shredding it all right I'll give you one
more chance one more do you want to go
you do a house and crazy parties all
right that's fine so KC Moses the guys
wedding that I'll be shooting is
actually Andrews friend I got the
wedding through him so I owe andrew half
of the income now I'm getting from this
wedding Andrew you will be getting
$5,000 when I come home Wow some cake
you $10,000 for what you gotta be
awesome
it's nothing that's what I get every
shoot value say I'm trying to get
everything packed up and ready to go
check and cross it Almighty I know my
eyes and all the kids want me to hold on
Sam needs my help with something and I'm
like I just need more hands you guys
Evelynn castellan oh you told us to say
happy birthday to your sister but you
didn't give us her name so Evelyn
Castellanos sister happy birthday she
was a little traveler and save myself I
cannot decide whether or not we should
take this should we take it
Tiffany should we take this with us
we're about to leave and I knew it we
were forgetting one thing my hat all
right now we're ready to go sunset we're
working with here
hey that it's beautiful simply look at
it
Oh
Oh Symphony what is going on here you
have gotten to everything empty it's
been two hours this has been on the road
and we'll make our first gas stop and we
need to turn around the car seat I'm not
sure what we were thinking having it
face forward honestly I was not thinking
about it Nia thought she read at a
certain weight you can have him face
forward for a certain amount of time but
we were wrong and we're going to turn it
around and don't take our example okay
what are you playing it doc mcstuffins
up I wanted to play some beating darkest
right something doc ish he's been
sleeping the whole time you doing such a
good job buddy
simply once learn how to pump gas so you
got to open up the gas tank open it up
open it
you got this put it in the hole up there
put in the little all well you're doing
a good job push all the way in there you
go
right for the dad good come here
Tiffany come on all right
help me there now it's going watch your
fingers
okay now you did it good job
let's pick let's get a water first come
get a water
ehm the beep
need some help
Hey
peachie owes perfect wow what a good
choice and I'll share those yeah my baby
daddy
can you hold it to go free okay hey
don't sir good yes that's it
alright then fit it fit it
how are your travels my travels go great
this man
are we there yet are we there yet over
there yet I'm starting to get drowsy at
the wheel when I saw Allsup's in the
middle of nowhere
I'm gonna grab me a chimichanga some hot
sauce cute juices
maybe a coffee too beef and bean burrito
oh I'm like oh he's so cute and I might
reach down there's throw-up all over me
how'd I miss I'm not sure that bean
burritos on the best thing for us to eat
on this little ride but can't pass the
ball subs burritos first room be right
back
unbelievable did you tell him that we
put the side we saw our witness I love
you
we just sitting here vlogging and I was
trying to get Sam's attention and we
look up in the hustle I think handing on
a rule get the kids back in the seat
buckle everybody up let's go let's go
let's go
so we're in the car looking at hotels
and I called one of the little people
who tell you what to me people I call
them idiots we're broken up sleeping I
really do so we were talking to the
little agent to tell you what to finish
I said agent
I said little agent if not little Asian
a same thing anyway those people who
tell you what's available as far as
hotels go
and he was like he was like I'm sorry
but all the rooms seem to be booking for
all of those yeah he's back you guys
he's back and unlocking the door ha ha
ha ha
everybody's tired or buddies cranky
knees extra pink
so we're at the Comfort and all the nice
hotels we're completely booked there's a
baseball tournament going on on a
Wednesday can you believe that
oh sure thank you this is my friend
what's your name right right
so we need a room for the next three
nights next three nights
yes sir come on in guys
hi Symphony sleepyhead it's cold out
there is it really I don't know ask
ray-ray are we going on an elevator
floor you want Jennifer second floor
because she wants going to elevator yep
but what about elevator just for you
Symphony yes chief first we're so happy
and kissable stick them out yes I like
wait simply we had yellow stuff what if
we looked up a right now mark or was
really cool yeah she's got the keys out
of there honey I'm gonna sleep go over
there and go to sleep
excuse me ray what does it take to get
one of these snack bags how much does
that cost hmm let's who's in the same
bag
what are you that's how we go get our
bags kick up our I just got you my god
what a difference we are you scared no
honey not anymore you are but you used
to be
the key to laundry room 210
cuz the pool pulled up
they don't keep the lights on for you
alright
that's a cool country way this is it
guys a beautiful room let's check out
the bathroom
here's a nice full body mirror for Nia
when she gets right in the morning oh
there she is
Eureka Eureka look at that it's
beautiful it's extra-long room I like it
it's a toto
perfect good toilet paper placement I
like it extra rolling back looking good
so far
let's see that bath there's Abraham's me
it looks like I see another little girl
another little girl oh when you run by
you feel like you saw somebody else
mmm jump in the bed get up there and
jump on it this one come on get up there
you're alright yay can you drop across
no why
you try it I can't no it's too far huh
yeah I could do that in Abraham's
bedroom
alright guys so it's time for us to get
ready for bed don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other you're
already reading I'm so proud of you
so by viewers value son caches are ready
babe oh there's still not all the way
done but kind of yeah I think you are
looking at hard
sniffing ooh all the colors we made a
chemical khaki this bed is always such a
tackler doesn't make any sense
that bed is always such a hassle to mess
with we never remember exactly what the
first step is I think Sam did this time
though now you have to know it before
you put the middle part down you have to
tighten up the sides so pull the middle
part back up a little bit what the
middle part pull it back up a little bit
yeah and then you have to tighten two of
the sides like this there we go all of
them actually there we go
look it's am working it get it Sam this
bed is not gonna kick our butt this trip
yes yes you did it
this is sleep
