hey you guys welcome back to Wednesday's
with Nia as I said on my last
Wednesday's with me yeah I have
something really special for you guys
today a while back I announced that I
was doing a collab with Jalen mama and
today I'm gonna do my unboxing so the
theme for our collab is seven things for
the 24/7 mom which let's face it that's
every mom so let's get started oh my
gosh she wrapped everything up I didn't
wrap my stuff up like she did this is so
cute so this one says even the simplest
of your needs are important to lip-balm
the funny thing is I always see this lip
balm and I never buy it because I think
it's a little too expensive for lip balm
so thank you this is so exciting I can't
wait to open it up and put into my
little bag huh oh oh my gosh we have
similar tastes this is really funny
because I sent her a different brand of
nail polish with the same color and I
remember thinking oh I really want to
try that color I really want to try that
color awesome and this is one of my
favorite colors in case you guys haven't
noticed I'm a big fan of coral as mom
sometimes beauty does not take
precedence in our lives we can barely
brush our teeth in the morning let alone
put on some nice makeup and feel
gorgeous so I figured that a nice
chapstick that's one of my favorites and
then also a pretty nail color would be a
good idea for something to send you
because I know when my lips feel nice
and smooth and refreshed and my nails
have a pretty color on them I just feel
better I feel more put together coffee
need i say more
whoo pretty cute little button on it
Starbucks gift card this is so stinkin
exciting oh thank you Jamie this is
awesome I can't wait to use this I
actually have a really busy day planned
tomorrow and I'm gonna put that to some
good use who does not like
Starbucks really I mean coffee is a must
for any mom I hear people say that they
don't drink coffee and I'm just like you
don't drink coffee
it's are you something wrong with you
are you feeling okay you don't drink
coffee really you don't drink coffee I
just I can't believe it because I need
coffee
this one's really colorful it says
sometimes we all have meltdowns and need
to cool up this one's for all of you oh
my gosh that is such a cute teen
symphony is gonna go nuts oh my gosh
this is just oh there kitty cat like
they're like kitty cat that one's a cat
that is so cute Tiffany's gonna love
this
I thought these popsicle molds and I
thought they were such a good idea to
give you guys I know that as a mom we
really want our family to come together
we'd like to come up with things to do
together as a family and let's be honest
we all need to cool off especially in
that Texas heat oh you guys she knows me
well that I know you love your brownies
oh my gosh caramel nut brownie truffles
seriously I'm gonna try one of these
right now on the camera oh my gosh this
is so good chocolate the you guys say
more probably not but I will we all know
that chocolate basically fixes
everything as a woman and I really do
think that it fixes most things as a mom
as well so I wanted to include some
chocolate in here with you simply
because it is so dang good and we all
need to indulge and treat ourselves
every once in a while and this chocolate
has brownies in it and I know that you
love your Brown using it like this and
spend some peaceful time alone in God's
presence or
with Sam all are so important to do
another color she knows that I like I
love mint oh my goodness this is called
pomelo lime I wanted to add this candle
in here because I feel like candles
really give off a sense of peace and
meditation and calmness throughout your
home and as a mom we really need some
peace we need some calm and some quiet
happy kiddos happy mama oh my goodness
these are just gonna be so perfect for a
summer day that's hot we don't have
anything to do I'm really excited I'm
gonna have to hide them somewhere so
that simply doesn't try to get into them
when she's not supposed to water
balloons and bubbles I don't know what
it is about bubbles but I feel like kids
of any age like bubbles my daughter
Fiona is upset so I figured that these
two things would be kind of just like a
fun little treat for your kids to play
with
a fresh home always feels nice
Caribbean escape from Bath & Body Works
oh it's a room spray oh my gosh I love
this you know another funny thing is so
Jamie picked a few things for me that I
don't spend money on for myself because
I try to budget you know Sam doesn't
think that I tried a budget I do and I
don't splurge on the more expensive lip
balm what I really really want to so
thank you Jamie I feel super spoiled
right now I'm so excited
being a mom it's always nice to know
that your home smells good you know like
we live in a really small place so when
our house doesn't smell good it's
obvious like you walk in the door you're
like somebody poops their pants and it
does not smell good thank you very very
much Jamie this experience has been so
much fun I'm really excited we get our
first collab I feel like like I said
earlier I just feel like I made a good
friend out of this even by the stuff she
sent me in the box like I feel like she
just already knows me better than I
thought she did she wrote me a little
note inside the box it says Mia I had so
much fun putting together this box for
you I thought of the things that I loved
and also what I know about you
enjoy xoxo Jamie yeah thank you so much
well so what do you guys think about the
collab do you think it went good do you
think it was fun and interesting do you
feel like you have any type of ideas on
what to maybe go out and get to make
life as a stay-at-home mom a little more
easy indulgent peaceful etc if so I'm
glad and if not well I hope you at least
enjoyed our video
so that concludes my stay-at-home-mom
segments I'm done with those for now and
I've had so much fun doing them I feel
like each week I really looked forward
to writing notes and researching the
topic that I was gonna talk about and
really just like digging into my heart
to share with you guys how I really feel
about things and and the things that
really help me day to day I'm gonna end
this here Jamie's got a couple things to
say to you guys and I will see you on
tomorrow flog me I hope that you liked
all the stuff that I sent you it was so
fun putting this swap together this is
all stuff that I really like on a day to
day basis some of it is kind of funny
and just survival I guess as being a mom
but really I thought about you and all
the stuff that I put together and I hope
that you enjoy it so thanks again for
doing this spot with me and thanks to
all of nia subscribers all of you guys
for watching this video be sure to click
the link below this video and go over to
my channel and watch all of the stuff
that Nia got for me I am doing on time
and also answering the question what I
ever go back to work I'm gonna start
with a long time and getting else right
now
