Abram is taking like the longest nap
ever we were going to run to Hobby Lobby
and get some wreath supplies with my mom
after he woke up from his nap because
tomorrow we're going out of town and I
really need to get the supplies today
and maybe even knock out a couple orders
tonight or tomorrow during the day
before we leave but while he's taking
his extra super long nap Symphony and I
are working on a craft my brother you
are my sister
made by the same guy
by the same heart we've got to
we've got to give
in this together so this is how you do
it you scoop up the sparkles with this
little straw and you take it and fill it
where you want it to go so Symphony
wants this little heart to be purple
they look blue on the camera but they're
really purple and then you bake it and
it makes a pretty Sun catcher in green
when when you're done thank you you can
put it outside and hang it - bang
remember how Sam was talking about soft
lighting yesterday guys this is another
way to get soft lighting aluminum foil a
household item is very good and flicker
okay symphonies son characters are ready
babe I was here nails happy Bo ha Bebo
ha ha ha that's not what we meant ha
they're still not all the way done but
kinda yeah I think you're look at that
heart Symphony I know all the colors we
made a calico cat do you guys see that
oh that was a cute little project thank
you for giving that to her for her
birthday I think that the Aldrich family
gave her that and if I'm wrong I'm sorry
but thank you to whoever that was I know
it was someone who came to her birthday
party off the Hobby Lobby Brett Abram
what's on my lips what's on my list no
not your Mary you can't eat my list you
just can't do that
oh no you cannot eat my list so me and
Abram are gonna go get my Reed stuff and
symphony and people are walking around
looking at other stuff aren't they yeah
you Abram can you wave say hi oh I got
too much what did you get
ah who got you a birdhouse me you did
you bought it with your own money no
visa mommy reckon I got from Hobby Lobby
was really successful I got some
different fabrics to make a banner today
I posted a photo of it on my Instagram
in case you want to go see like the full
deal but I made it as a trade for a
photographer that's nearby and she's
going to be doing some four year photos
of symfony this afternoon if it doesn't
rain actually this evening it's at like
7:30 this evening is this good lighting
I guess at that time
Sam has just been so busy and I really
do want to get four year old pictures of
symphony while she's at the very very
very beginning of being four we're at
symphonies photo shoot she's right over
there
this is Melanie's husband Ryan oh oh
yeah what is that is that new yeah Nikon
- you
ah
look at miss melody
your princess smile you look better than
me
that's the Jones duo over there
he's escaping the blanket melody brought
this awesome huge comforter and somebody
keeps trying to escape
put them a blower though baby
grab it like this grab cattitude pose
awesome let me get closer for that
here's me and Abram oh really oh hey the
shoot is going really good Symphony it's
doing awesome
she's out here in all just long grass
there's bugs everywhere and she is doing
really good she hasn't had a bad
attitude like at all
I will admit on the way up here I was
like Symphony if you do really good and
you listen to miss melody then we might
get a little surprise Thomas do you guys
want to see the banner that I made we're
gonna use it at the shoot today this is
why I made the banner it was for melody
I'm paying her in craps looks pretty
cute there it is good this is melody J
she's my photography girl I don't know
if that makes sense she's our family
photographer Sam's kind of our family
photographer but melody yeah she helps
Melody's one of my faves how did you get
into photography and actually you asked
me to do your mission pictures that is
true pictures of my kids and writers she
did my maternity pictures I guess I can
post a link to that below or whatever I
don't believe that I just love her work
I feel like I've always been really
really particular about photos I've
rarely ever been happy with photos that
people do for our family other than Sam
come here
it's okay come on bug phobia well I'm
really sorry you guys didn't get to see
Sam on the vlog today he's just been a
super busy guy he was rushing around
today as he was getting ready to leave
and he just didn't get a chance to vlog
with me but you guys get to see some
really cool footage from Symphony's
four-year-old photo shoot and super
duper excited about that as you can see
back here
I had a successful shopping trip at
Hobby Lobby and I'm about to get my
craft on I'm excited I have several
Reed's to work on a couple banners to do
what else do I have
Oh some headbands Andy working on
my second to two wreath order I really
really like the tutu wreath order so
keep them coming guys anyways um that's
it I'm gonna say good night to you guys
y'all have a blessed day and we will see
y'all tomorrow on the vlog I'm getting
ready to leave Palmer and I made a
friend at Walmart name's Ashley she's
actually a friend of a friend Rowley a
girl we went to high school with hand
she's here doing all the awesome
budgeting tricks and I'm gonna try to
follow an eye you want to see my thing
yes let's show your name this I collect
them I really want to try it out we've
been talking about doing something like
this and it's just so in spite of tax
you
