I just got home from work and Abram just
threw up all over mommy all down the ear
and all down her back
I'm just try said oh you okay you want
to say some stuff you want to say some
stuff by the same guy by the same
we've got to give
and this together Lana
who's gonna love that
well buddy say it again mama
he said that very so if you want to take
a quick self-portrait I like a selfie
I'll take a picture a friend a kid put
in the front of a window just open up
the window and light up one side of the
face turn about ten degrees towards the
window and you get a little bit of spill
on your cheek over here and it works
great for you suppose good morning
symphony we're just blogging here yeah
you were going to California shirt yeah
do you have sweet dreams
yeah what did you dream about Abram you
made a D and I'm okay he's always so
excited you were right the does love her
bed Symphony is playing with some
bubbles this morning and I just finished
reading my devotional what was it about
I told you when it was about cannonbolt
before you run of blow bubbles it was
about being tender-hearted and loving
towards God's creations which is really
fitting because I'm outside enjoying the
beautiful weather this morning I'm gonna
be going to Walmart here in a little bit
when Abram wakes up and then the rest of
my day consists of laundry not I have so
much laundry I don't understand so okay
there's four people that I do
well that was right and I feel like I
consistently do a load of laundry every
day sometimes I do too and there are
certain days of the week that our
laundry days like today where I'll
probably do like three to five loads
over the course of the day
and even if I do three to five loads
today someone's hamper will still be
full I felt like for a while there the
key to keeping up on laundry was a load
a day but that doesn't seem to be true
for me anymore now that Abrams come
along it's just kind of like oh my
goodness I need to I need to like up the
ante to three loads a day which come on
get real who has time for that how's the
bubble-blowing going have you blown any
really big ones not yet what kind have
you really I know what one is missing
what they're chicken one oh yeah good
job do you know where it went
mommy ate it last night when you were in
bed hmm
we're leaving the bathroom at Walmart
those dreaded words when you're like
five minutes into the shopping trip and
it's like I need go potty like what are
you sure yes are you really sure
yes I'm really short wait a minute but
are you really really sure I think I
asked her a total of five times before
we actually went to the potty so now I
need to go get dryer sheets and some
basketball shorts or Sam he wants some
like sleeping shorts I'm going to see if
they have some comfy ones here for him
I'm getting ready to leave Walmart and I
made a friend here at Walmart named
Ashley she's actually a friend of her
friend Rowley a girl we went to high
school with and she's here doing all
these awesome budgeting tricks and I'm
gonna try to follow in her footsteps
I you want to see my thing yes let's
show your thing this is awesome I really
want to try it out we've been talking
about doing something like this and it's
just so inspiring takes like 45 minutes
to check out that's okay we made a
friend through the process like beatbox
and it's got all these different little
categories and it helps you know where
your money is going so I love that idea
so yeah I just wanted to share with you
guys I've been talking about budgeting
and how I'm not all that great at it and
she's just like giving me all these tips
in the middle of Walmart and we've been
in line for about five minutes it was so
nice meeting you
thanks for letting me vlog with you oh
guess what we're going on a mini vacay
we're leaving on Wednesday evening and
I've got my stuff it's falling out I
think I need a bigger bag I'm excited I
love road trips we're going to Lubbock
Texas which is about six hours away from
here maybe we can do a meet-up do any of
you guys live in Lubbock we'll be there
for I think we'll be there for a total
of like three days but one day we'll be
occupied with wedding and all that kind
of stuff so Abram are you gonna go on a
trip everyone's having a little bit play
time I read that at this age he just
turned 10 months old and I read that at
this age he starts needing mommy or
daddy refuel time so he'll play really
diligently for a little while and really
be really super involved and what he's
playing with and then randomly he'll
start whining and come to mommy or daddy
just for like a minute and love and
cuddle on us maybe nurse for a minute
and then he'll go right back to
diligently playing like he was earlier
it's so cute I love it so much coming
back for more
Oh tell me what you've got yeah sweet
boy as I told you all that this is my
laundry day
so those are the fruits of my efforts
over there I was just getting ready for
work and in between I picked up my 100
ways to love your wife book that Jamie
fair bet you sent me you guys don't know
Jamie Fairbanks by now he is a big fan
of ours a fan basic of ours on our
channel I've read a couple of them but
today's is about reach for her often and
this one's good for me because it says
do you have the kind of job that takes
you away for extended periods of time
the importance of regular physical touch
when you're present is even more crucial
and it's just about reaching for your
wife daily especially when you've been
away from her and just encouraging you
to love your wife in that way all right
guys don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other Oh
that's why you're hitting me
what are you mad at me come back Oh Kate
might want to take my crown off
hi dear words and and and hi could be
word and I would find a party and
there's shadow wait house point is down
and it get loose key agencies and
there's doubt and there's a from zebra
that you can see right
and know a buggy and I've been doing a
crap and we went told her before we went
to bed and do right now on the blog also
I didn't crazy have it I and I have
awesome toy and I wanna show you some of
my toys in the craft room
there's my Christmas babies hit baby
post and then you can see that mommy did
some laundry and that's we're having
dinner without daddy how do you feel
well happy happy went over there too
what are you thinking about he's like
give me the food oh this is his new
thing when he wants something he waves
both hands in there it is adorable I
know daddy does that Network so I try it
sometimes do you guys want to see my new
kitchen sign I got I ordered it from
Jane calm I'm sure you guys have all
heard Sam and I both talked about how
much I liked that website
I got an adorable little kitchen sign
with the measurements so a pinch or a
dash converts to 1/16 of a teaspoon by
the way in case some of you haven't
noticed we didn't do a Wednesday's with
Nia this week we're thinking about
dipping that in the bud you guys don't
really seem to love it all that much you
guys pretty much seem to really want to
see our family the kids we know you guys
all want to see the kids all about the
kids that's ok that's how it is for us
too so we're thinking about maybe doing
Annie a channel I'll have my own channel
where I talk about things that are mom
related wife related girl related and
you know just let me know what you guys
think about that suggestion but we'll
see you all on tomorrow's vlog have a
blessed day you guys
thank you thank you
