morning everyone we're headed off to
church we are quite late
we woke up really really early this
morning because say I've had a photo
shoot and we decided we were going to do
the photo shoot for various reasons and
we all went back to sleep but I thought
for sure that Abram was going to wake me
back up
he always when we get up in the morning
he'll come to bed with me and nurse and
then we usually get up
he's like fidgety and wanting to play oh
he fell back to sleep for three hours
with me it was very nice sleep but an
hour late for church
by the same guy loved by the same art
we've got
in this together Matthews here Matthews
right behind us and my mom's here
everybody's here
maybe Eric's here - who knows I'm
excited about today because they're
gonna play the video the mystory video
that Beau and I worked on you guys know
from last week he's gonna hurry up and
get the bait yeah but I miss him today
she was out my mom's last night I'm
gonna get to see her at all
he's like my shirt I'm so tired I got
like two hours of sleep at most he is
burning into church without me and I'm
right here walking on my home what's up
Matt get it nice and bright this morning
look how bright Matthews I get a brand
new shirt kind of hurts my eyes I can't
look directly at you I can get a lot
actually simply never bigger on her
class today
a little bit late but there's always
time for done right
and try to be here before worship starts
I try everything
yeah to happen today
we'll up in a typical normal American
you know house two great parents are
supported academically athletically went
to church most Sundays so church just
ended and we have a really special guest
today this is Casey and she you found
out about our church from the vlogs
how cool is that I feel like having
someone introduced to our church and
just an awesome message that we heard
this morning is exactly why we make
youtube videos and I started talking
with you and stuff you told me about the
charity so like email or what the
Facebook message that I already kind of
do do went here but that's kind of
scared to call me but yeah
so when you enjoy it enjoy a true fan
basically you'll be on the block
tomorrow okay why show me why Symphony
got to open up another birthday present
today another kitty say Thank You
Kristen Jonathan and yeah anything so
how do you like it I like it it's really
good
how do you like your symphony we are
eating blueberry Joey spread the love
this is from Amanda's and wilds wedding
last night Amanda's mom made a whole
bunch of Joey I got one Matthew grab two
because Courtney him he's a bachelor and
he needs it
Kimmo a little flower on there curacy
these are really cool wedding favors
I've never seen a wedding favor that
somebody actually took the time their
life
yeah homie it's not really coming you
get something this good as a wedding
favor and there are a whole bunch of
extra those really nice event so we're
having some PB&J you liking your PG PB&J
buddy why are you looking at me like
that
he's like daddy what are you doing that
cam in your face it's gonna be
interesting what I've put in a little
clip of the mystory video that we made
did you guys think he was cool I thought
it's pretty cool I thought boy did a
really good job of cutting it he cut he
did all the cutting I said it took from
ten hours maybe maybe us kidding but I
don't know yeah maybe he was taking that
long maybe what if he was kidding I
don't know if he was but either way he
did a really good job though he did
awesome on that video and Brian your
testimony was very encouraging and the
system - elevators just such a blessing
to be able to like use my skills for my
church and you know to help you know
bless other people mature and just bring
her to God through my photography and my
video skills it's just really awesome
that's always been like kind of a dream
of mine to be able to use my photography
for God and this church is for the first
time it's allowing me to be able to do
that so it's pretty cool we wouldn't do
those once a month so I'm excited about
next month they have like a sign-up
sheet
I think me is going to sign up no I told
soon Brian said I should sign up I was
like no I feel funny just like we're
pulling myself on that no and I told Sam
we should do it together I don't want to
do it's been good together
but he's just so much better at working
the camera than I am we're not working
anything that's true we're talking for
God we're not working for anything we're
working for God in case he showed up
today a fan basic of ours that was just
awesome it was just so encouraging he
said they come to church through our
channel that was just like really
exciting for us and the pastor because
Bo just like really encouraged for our
channels and him and his wife were very
yeah you know they were both very
encouraged by by it and I thought it was
really cool so that was a big highlight
of the Sunday morning so I have to work
tonight I'm gonna miss you guys I'm
gonna miss you symphony simply I want to
miss you tonight
there's nothing back then be kind of sad
when I saw our church for the first time
she didn't say hi to me at all she says
daddy and gives me a big hug but this
time nothing I hope it's not the start
of something new she wanted a broom yeah
she really wanted a broom you guys
he has already saw the clip but anyway
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other yeah I can't
read your mind go for baby I'm sorry do
it you're good at this
if you don't want to anyone come on baby
I want you to do it I think she wants to
do it with you right fine I'll do it
together
I'm gonna come over there no she's so
loose
okay here we go you ready hey Boober
hey boop sucker I got a little boob
sucker oh you got mad cuz you put it
away hey I just want to say good night
to you okay
bye cutie give me a kiss good job
Symphony and I are about to make some
popsicles these are so cute huh wrist
make eye okay are you excited
uh-huh what's your favorite flavor drama
there hmm
so I'm gonna kind of show you guys what
we do when we make popsicles on how
we're gonna do it this time first we
need our blender
okay so we're going to use a cup of
frozen fruit and we're gonna do a cup of
fruit juice
pretty huh okay so thank you ready at
the start button
Cuffy and Savior here we've not seen
comfy and Sandy and over a weird
isn't that crazy so they're here we're
gonna play we made some weight I keep
saying cupcakes we didn't make cupcakes
we made popsicles and now symphony is
opening up right they get from Knox and
Bo and Chantal you have to remember you
have to do it for a little while
keep going no come out yep go
and won't work if you do it all right
old y'all just take the minutes all
right
oh great sherry knew my grass looks so
good and nah
and who else in though yeah I'm gonna go
stop taking pictures with Brad getting
ready and I don't think it's appropriate
for me to bring my GoPro in there only
the GoPro in my pocket
well my kiddos are in bed and I'm
getting ready to do some laundry and
work on some other things see wait his
hands my kids our bed
