you think he's going to walk it over
though with his BB gun there's some kids
over there he's walking good it was very
frustrating like I just wanted to
reflect a second on andrina
good morning guys
Symphony and I are getting ready for
church are you ready sisters mm-hmm I'm
gonna wave symphonies here
you ready like so cute I love it cool
all right dude go get your shorts on and
some shoes are you looking for we've
begun there's some kids over there he's
walking good it's a killer good mana fan
to the beat to the a to the icy hey guys
doing today welcome to the wilderness
don't worry I took that gun away from a
room I just think that's so cool you
know he's such a brave little kid when I
was this age I would never run up to
some stranger's house and say hello feel
really blessed up my son is confident
get ready to get the work here I just
wanted to reflect a second on a dream
that I had last night
so very rarely do I wake up and glean
meaning from a dream that I have so last
night I dreamt that I was at a hotel for
rich people like millionaires and for
some reason my family was staying at
this hotel and I was wandering around
the hotel and I came upon a Lobby on the
floor and I saw a watch a golden Rolex
watch is sitting on the couch somebody
had obviously left it I ran over there
and I grabbed a watch and it's not
really like me to do that so I'm not
sure why Brenda I don't steal when she
gots think I'm a thief or anything but
in the dream I grabbed the watch with
the mindset of keeping watch for myself
and not returning it or giving it to
customer service or it's like that well
I had the watch I've got him to the
elevator and hit it back to my room once
I got into our room I woke up from the
dream and immediately when I woke up is
in the middle of the night what came to
mind was I don't have that watch anymore
I was trying to get this watch keep it
for myself and for what I don't even
have it anymore and immediately I was
reminded of the material things that we
try to gain here the things that we
think we're collecting for ourselves and
when we die that can't go with us to
where we're going afterwards it's just
I've been thinking a lot about that
today because this property behind me
she's gonna sell this property and I've
been really considering whether or not
to purchase that property that dream was
a big reminder for me so I need to
remember that before I make any big
decisions so yeah anyway I just wanted
to show that with you guys
you guys we're home now but everyone's
napping and you're in just a minute when
they wake up we're gonna gather up all
the stuff that we got yesterday at Home
Depot and take it to surprise my mom Oh
look at this face wait Hopstop
somebody's been in the make oh oh she's
too sleepy do you want mommy to hold you
oh my if you wake up on the wrong side
oh you guys biting my shoulder hairs
biting my soda sounds they're over
deliver a this water got everywhere
did you make fundamental enabler oh oh I
know you like the water line up you a
some juice oh no what you want to put
your hands in the water yeah watch your
hands
zhuoyun little hands I'm thinking maybe
her foot or her leg was asleep
cuz the way she was kind of falling over
so all the girls are kind of waking up
from their nap I'm gonna open up a
package it's got her pretty excited
about it this is not cranial but it's
something that I've been wanting to
start something not wanting to start
with Sam this is the second one we've
gotten and it's night in boxes the blind
date is perfect time too because
investing are you girls ready to go
bye-bye
okay let's go
and under here get under here but hurry
safe under here a little bit of rain
coming through
you're you the guy right here perfect
your pilot
okay well bummer I wasn't anticipating
rain today I'm gonna look at the weather
so yeah I guess I would it okay so
that's like a really tall guy it's at
the passenger or the copilot or
stewardess but it who's a guy who gives
people there's an accident chase uh so
the stewardess
we made it all I've been working my butt
off out here April's been snoozing in
there can you guys believe that
unbelievable anyway so Heath Justin and
myself we're having a discussion in
Pennsylvania about what the difference
is between a hill and a mountain you
guys know what the difference is there's
a lot of hills out here I would call
them mountains but if he came out here
he would call them hills that's why I
just call them hills what do you guys
think the difference is between a hill
and a mountain I looked it up I know the
answer but I'm going to leave a poll
because I want to see how much you guys
know don't google it let's see if you
guys know the difference between a hill
and a mountain guys it's such a
beautiful day out today
symphonie what do you say we roll with
the windows down oh yeah
all right symphony Bebo doesn't know but
we've got a surprise for her she thinks
that we're just here to bring drop off
her pickles and some stuff from the
grocery store you're gonna go back to
the trunk with me and we're both gonna
take some stuff up and she's gonna be so
surprised okay thank you what do you
think DeeDee you're gonna be able to sit
get down in it never worry about it got
the handles that's why I got this one
head something - please shut off they're
kind of low in there I don't know if you
can I don't know maybe those weren't
good a good idea they were real good
idea
look I'm good on them yeah it's
comfortable oh look at you girls just
chillin that is just a cute side
do you like the chairs Symphony you're
like using them out here no Evo
symphonies making good use of school
fine two more big pieces though okay you
pick the piece okay nice man I'm gonna
carry all that at once
what do nice job but I had no idea you
were that strong Nana you're gonna want
to see this you said Nana's gonna freak
out I'm making a nice big fire today
it's pretty cold out here that stuff's
pretty fast do nice job high five you
want to get more pieces sure man you
don't want to go under it cuz it'll fall
on you go behind it and push it okay I'm
left to pull it from here buddy there we
go nice dude good going man
cuz it's incredible how when you turn
around your terms when talking to
children how can affect their actions
Nana reminded me that we need to be
speaking positively to children and not
negatively like I said come on Avery
don't be lazy help me work nice job uh
and he was just kind of moping around
like barely carrying one at a time and
then we changed whoa we're talking to
him we started saying dang dude you are
strong the moment we started saying that
he started picking up huge branches like
you're doing I forget that I know that
works but I forget and this was a good
reminder for me do you think you gave a
pickup the whole tree I bet you can
close at least you tried though right
you guys see the little driver
we are gonna drive together right down
the street our street is parallel to a
field of cows and we're gonna go look at
the cows are you driving Oh baby you're
so big I mean you're so big those of you
out there who tend to flip out about
this stuff I'm literally going like 2
miles an hour and I grew up driving
around with my dad and my grandparents
like this so here we are cows are in
that field we're just gonna get a little
bit closer we did this excitement
he is always so excited when we drive
down the road we see cows and right now
she's seeing so many up close she saw
bird alright let's go home okay guys it
is bedtime finally today feels like it's
been very long and it has had pockets of
productivity comment of the day goes to
Valen Oh five to nine that's been my
hair color for the last two years it's
been my favorite color ever since and it
looks good on you too Nia thank you very
much ballin oh fuck tonight I will say
though this morning I was struggling I
was like why did I dye my hair purple I
was trying to get ready for church and I
felt like my hair was not matching with
any of my clothes it was very
frustrating like I wanted to wear like
this pinkish purple shirt but then my
hair blended in with it and I put on
this other dress thing and it had purple
flowers in it and my hair was bling here
with those flowers it was really odd and
I was very frustrated so I ended up
wearing black a black dress anyways you
guys I will see you all tomorrow I'm
very excited I have a fun little day
planned tomorrow what fun for me and
we'll see you there don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other
all right guys you wanted to comment of
the day I know I do too it goes to
Lydia's beaker Spiker so her cone was I
had a boring day being sick and all I
left so much and I'm happy thanks thanks
guys we'll catch you guys tomorrow don't
forget we love you remember to love
shudder her
why does it always turn to poop with you
man why I'm ready
look what was inside of it you hang it
all back there you
