there was a few words high and run about
to me what's her name again
Elementor thank you for from the
bracelet and I'm going to play with them
today there's a problem with my sim back
there
I'm just watching you you know that I
don't all those toys out we had so much
fun at my birthday party got so much now
clean our money how do I turn it off
my brother you are my sister made by the
same guy
we've got to
to give
in this together morning everyone
today's agenda consists of a post office
run a Hobby Lobby shopping trip and
symphony will be going to and then Abram
and I are heading to a ballet class with
some friends of ours where you wear your
baby and you do ballet so I'm super
excited about that so I've got like my
ballerina hair going on
can't ready to go on a photo shoot with
uncle Matthew so much so you ready to
score some pics yep we're going all the
way to merchants in Texas it's an hour
and 15 minutes away but almost stuff
together two cameras four flashes that's
all you need two cameras and four
flashes and your wedding photographer oh
you need some stands too young a few
stands and a little bit of talent just a
little bit I don't know I think that's
debatable yeah I'll take a video so you
can see it I have a little girl ballet
class for you to go to soon yay symphony
wants to do ballet so bad yep why
are you good at dancing or something I'm
here you want me to twirl with a round I
don't know you're gonna do my little
finger around the screen yep we're
taking Matthews Hyundai he's so nice
letting us use his car this is this is
my wedding but he's coming in to be a
second shooter he also does weddings and
we usually just help each other out and
don't charge each other but we usually
charge the bride because that's a lot
more photos to edit know what I mean it
was the second shooter that's so much
double the amount of photos that you
have we made it
it took us forever we drove down the
same street but like three times he's
like mom I got this I can do ballet
yeah
so I usually like to arrive early at all
my weddings just so I could get a fuel
for the location and just scope it out
and try to get in my mind where I'm
going to do the pictures of the newlywed
after the ceremony and where I'm going
so that's what I'm doing now I pretty
much do all country weddings
Matthew is just pointing out every time
it comes with me to a wedding it's
always like a country set up
Matthew want to go to the car show
before my wedding
especially in fourth position you're
standing on you can feel we're doing it
we're working it are you guys doing yeah
shell used to be a ballerina
how long did you do it this is the
reception area they're getting married
outside this is have the first dance and
I couldn't take it all that stuff so
Matt's gonna take some pictures of the
details on the tables got really cool
details look at these pretty details I'm
gonna go start taking pictures of the
bride getting ready and I don't think
it's appropriate for me to bring my
GoPro in there suddenly the GoPro in my
pops
drink some water forever he is ready to
fall they're having a ballet powwow
there you go
we transfer days onto my back how did
you like it little backboard
knocks you really got the moves down bud
show me do your plie this is Lyle he's a
good-looking girl just a little bit of
logging done the wedding all right cool
thank you I think that's good we're
gonna go get something to eat now
exercise and then eat you know the tops
of the Sheep okay let's go there it's
going good so far I got all the formal
portraits out of the way once I get
those out of the way I feel pretty good
like it's time to just kind of relax get
creative with candid stuff and I think
the only formal photos I have left our
family photos right after the ceremony
and I'm gonna do some newlywed photos of
the bride and groom I think I'm gonna
take a mountain no this feels like do
you want out here what do you think Matt
what take the bride and groom out there
yeah maybe we produce some really close
this year wide angle
yeah a 50 millimeter was in the 51.2 I'm
shooting with the 16 to 35 2.8 and 70 to
200 2.8 we waited for Knox and Abram to
take their precious little sweet
with their naps and the pool was closed
when we got there what about my right
super super bummed out I think we're
gonna go hang out in the kiddy pool at
the house cuz we're just ready to get in
some water come on yeah Paperman we're
gonna go grocery shopping tonight but
we've decided to kick nip that in the
bud and go swimming what's not telling
us very spontaneous decision we made hey
everyone's been so Moody and the only
thing that's getting out of his beard is
Dora wiggle wiggle song from Dora what
do you think like it all right cool the
pool was closed but that doesn't stop us
does it we're gonna get the water anyway
Abram you and snack knocks yeah knocks
can you say please please
of course he's not gonna do anything
about it now knock David can you say
please please that's good enough yeah
that's kind of a P sound
we're doing newlywed photos now and we
lost the Sun such a bummer such a big
comment I wanted some good sunlight
that's kind of cool
somebody put a heart my truck window
right here huh I might put them in here
definitely gonna do something right here
just married
we're done in the pool you're out here
for two hours
me now the boys are just chillin out
there drying off wiggle wiggle
cuties amazing usually pretty amazing
just that one wedding with a catered
subway there really yeah remember we
shot it together oh yeah that's right
yeah I had a wedding with a kid or
subway there's nothing wrong with that I
mean y'all do what's know within your
budget so judging
yes I am vlogging in the bathroom and my
wedding shoot
are we in focus
there goes the mirror pretty cool mirror
it's going great so far so right now
we're just photographing people breaking
it down on the dance floor
that's what this time is and we'll
probably do that for the next
there's 9:30 probably do that for the
next three hours
your fanbase
Oh
it's been a long day we've had a very
fun spontaneous day yes we have the back
the ballet class was all that was
planned for today and we did several
other things in between that and those
it after 9 o'clock at night and so every
we are gonna go and go bed right buddy
okay so since Sam's not here to do the
goodbyes he might do it from his wedding
but me and Schiller just he just get so
excited to sing this bed we had so much
fun at my birthday party got so many
when we go
