what have you been doing out here I'll
be like eggs and locusts huh welcome
you're here eating because where do we
get our pecans from hey do you see papa
and he brought us some new ones today
are they good
what a pecans tastes like I don't yeah
nothing's Italy I bet golly show me our
basket lucky got roots 17 years that's
crazy
me oh is that your basket of pecans
awesome my brother you are my sister
by the same guy now by the same
we've got
got to give
in this together how do you crack up a
constantly in your hands like that how
pawpaw does it my dad thank you right
uh-huh
how do you do it now that your shoes on
let's show us how you do it that's how I
do it
it's my friend all right uh-huh
yeah I've just been out here taking
pictures of Maurice and hanging out on
my dad or Symphony while they do their
pecans this is the new style you saw in
yesterday's vlog symphony and pop are
airing up the tires on her bike yeah a
ready to punt mm-hmm ready to pump it
yeah
good job yeah you're doing it oh my
goodness
Oh what everyone brush your teeth
hey hey
Hey
where I think my ring is already ready
to come out I haven't even done an
update I thought I thought it would be
like at the bottom but maybe that's the
ring I don't know should we try it out
oh cool I'll get a spoon or something
hey well he looks one of the candle out
first good job
hey broom Abram no you do not get in the
cabinet's okay here's the foil
you've done this tooth England's tunnel
that's here to tell ever good day
Symphony come here I'm gonna unwrap it
okay
make sure you show it leave him oh my
god
he's put all the way the back you have
to get the broom
can you help there buddy here you get
that anyway
Wow cool looks good
no no miss Symphony was like wow with
the heart thank you for the diamond
candle I love it this is awesome it was
very exciting I went I burned the candle
this morning like I went to light it and
I looked down in there and there was
like this shiny little like just like a
shiny little piece sticking out and I
was like surely that's not already like
part of the ring so I lit it and it was
burning for like about an hour the wax
got clear and I was like oh my gosh it
is the ring I could see like the whole
package in there and so it's out it's
exciting
you want these yes let me have my
taquitos hey let me have mata ki toh dad
let me have this zero yeah your taquitos
like a Tito's yeah give them to me
having my cat Ito's you he's like over
here fill me look over here CW okay now
you want some
ah ba ba bow to Patti hi he's been
wanting it the whole time
yeah he really has he saw me opened mine
up a little yes oh good exercising oh
hey what's going on in here yeah Abram
what oh he's trying to get it from you
Abram you're too little for markers
Tiffany's a big girl now she's four
years old
you'd be on the corner tables make me
nervous
oh yes I can use those bracelets Oh
Percy gave me bread razors and therefore
a baker you were a big girl
yeah we're not big girl you're a little
big girl
you're still little but you're older no
Abram that's not nice buddy you don't
take this
oh no hair buddy here here's a pen take
this
I got I'm excited I'm just gonna watch
him close supervision the world's come
on here look at mabie's done them do
this oh cool
good job which one did you which parts
did you color you called the bow on the
shoes I'm not sure if you finish the
shoes the other costume but you didn't
finish the shoe hey Abram I saw you grab
that last sneaker hey oh he's getting
mad about that he just gets so excited
just sing this bed he loves our bed
he loves the bed come on jump boys
at least release he loves his bed what
he loved his bed so much oh ok so I kind
of have to talk quiet because everyone's
taking a nap here and I really don't
want to jinx it
ok so yesterday we had a really hard
time getting symphony to clean up a mess
kind of shared a little bit with you
guys about it so I wanted to give you an
update I made a post on Facebook and
several of my friends suggested using a
timer well I tried that out twice
yesterday and Symphony did really well
with it I tried it again today and she
did pretty good with it it wasn't as
good as yesterday but it was good and we
got the mess cleaned up so I was looking
around today after she cleaned up this
room the craft room let me show you guys
real quick what it looks like that's
what this room looks like when it's
clean and so I was looking around
thinking oh she did so good it's all
clean Sam held a brunoise vacuum today
and I was like you know my area looks
really really messy over here like kind
of behind the table we have like stuff
that you guys have sent us that I have
not sit thank-you cards for yet so I
keep it together until I send a
thank-you card then I put it away so
then I hear this all reads stuff her
craft table over here
like this little cabinet and the little
shelf find that's all read stuff and so
I think I'm gonna start trying to
organize some of it today I think I'm
gonna start over here I don't use this
stuff like ever some of its Christmas
stuff that's put away for this this
coming season that I'll be making
wreaths for and I think I'm gonna get
started on that right now so I'm gonna
try it out and we'll see I'll give you
guys an update I'm most likely gonna get
very little bit done today but I'm gonna
start on it anyways my goal is just to
get like a section of it organized so
we'll see it's the last night of BBS
Diana hi Diana
she's the other teacher from only
teenagers Symphony are you gonna perform
tonight do you know what song you're
gonna sing right I don't know she's been
telling me all day she doesn't know I
saw like well let's practice a few what
have you been singing a class and now
the more we crafters who the more yeah I
know I don't know what is in my heart
every day that's great anyway
so your childhood good guys your
heavenly father
wow that sounds pretty surreal then
he'll know well so you live one thing
that comes to mind is that whatever I'm
sad I cancer
I can always go to him and tell him
what's wrong
cool awesome
what what's our song what are we seeing
guys this is our last night are you guys
sad what's our mission statement 3d for
Jesus indeed and what are our three DS
discover decide deepen yeah 3d for Jesus
but defending the Word of God and we had
a lot of fun doing evidence and research
learning about Jesus and why he's real
and why we believe in him right guys
but um does it have anything to do with
that we just get something - so one two
three
did you sing
the kids are in bed it was a very long
night after the last day of VBS class
and we're all pretty tired the kids went
pretty much right to bed and it was very
smooth I had a really really awesome
week with my kids as you guys saw we did
their little performance with their
crafts and stuff and it was really cute
anyways I am going to say goodbye here
I've got some laundry to work on several
different things before I myself can get
my beauty sleep and I will see you guys
on tomorrow's vlog we got little
shadowless of the tree it's like
completely laid out there's nothing in
the way it's not falling on the houses
it's like cool you can see the whole
shadow
