hey guy Abram ever the first thing is to
simply use your brush your teeth this
morning you did it why and there's a
responsible child right there the same
guy the same
to live
to give
in this together hey broom mommy wants
me to see her feet Oh blow the shoes
have any of you guys noticed that Abram
is always barefoot he never wears shoes
his feet are really chubby on top and
it's hard to get shoes on him but he is
ten months old and Symphony started
walking at ten months are ready to start
training strong shoes on his feet so
that we can hold his hands and let him
walk around so we can walk we just cut
the I hoffman Abrams already dancing you
can tell when he really likes the place
get it buddy
yeah wiggle wiggle wiggle
and we go closer they tell me
what you do you circle the matching
pictures is syrup blueberry syrup now
where'd you get honey I got the Tuscan
scream trust through this great room is
just like ready let's say ever also got
the custom scrambled I got the
California scrambler avocados salsa and
corn tortillas don't you just love her
dress I don't know if you guys noticed
but I used a different vlogger for a few
times and some of the blocks and it was
the rx100 m3 there's a cyber stop by
Sony this one right here it is a
beautiful camera but I had a few issues
with it and I'm take I'm sending it back
today
nobody tons of us sent back a Sony
camera I'm not sure if I'm going to
stick with Sony let me tell you about
this thing I bought it because it has a
tilt table LCD screen at 180 degrees so
it flips all the way up like our Sony
NEX does so I bought for that reason I
bought it for that high-def video I
bought it for the amazing lens it has
it's really fast at a 1.8 to a 2.8 and
it has 24 to 70 millimeters in length it
also has a pop-up viewfinder on it which
is really unique it has its own little
screen inside so you could
composure photos outside but a couple
issues ahead I don't know if you guys
noticed but in some of the shots we did
it's like smooth out our skin does a
setting in the camera that allows that
but I had it switched off and it was
doing it automatically in every single
video we took on everybody's face and
also as a really cool flash on it that
pops up when the flash goes off there's
a shadow of the lens called the a barrel
shadow inside the photos which was
absolutely ridiculous for a camera this
expensive
so I'm setting it back today I'm gonna
go hang out there he's gonna come with
me I have a Bible study tonight I may go
to that if I have time also my phone is
down my iPhone 5 it's not charging
something's wrong with it I'm gonna take
that back
we gotta cool the shadow looks at the
tree it's like completely laid out
there's nothing in the way it's not
falling on the houses doesn't look cool
look at it it's all over the guy's lawn
oh wow look how cool Wow you can see the
whole shadow
hey I meant let me in big close it so
today Eric now hanging out but I think
he has to go back home early
has to go back to let somebody in the
gate and his work we're gonna go to the
hobby store and look at some like
remote-control cars and stuff I guess
that's not happening so does anybody
want to buy iPhone 5 I have an iPhone 5
for sale I think I'm gonna sell it for
how much was it go for take us hope like
300 or something huh this is pretty cool
I won't start blogging like this more
often
equity going by galaxy is that effective
full dude check out this new wreath that
I made this is a new style and I wanted
you guys to be the first to see it I
haven't even posted it on my wreath page
yet I don't even have a name for it yet
a friend of mine sent me a photo that
she had pinned to her Pinterest and I
kind of took that and put my own spin on
it it was completely different and all
very neutral looking so I decided to add
some colors and have a pop of red here
what do you guys think about it here's
the other one
it's a lot brighter than the last one I
showed you guys what do you think I
really like this style I'm hoping to put
a name on it that's mine and get some
orders going from this the reason i say
'no is just because i like to do
different things if i'm gonna keep
making wreaths and keep forging through
with my business and making it grow then
i like to have new things to work on and
just keep incorporating new styles
well me and i are going to sit down and
watch a movie was the last time me and i
have got to sit down and watch a movie
guys come on it's been a long time but
when watch gladiator it's on Netflix and
we're going to get some popcorn and
we're cuddle up in this chair right here
this chair right here don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
let me see if angel want to say goodbye
to you guys since yeah I think you made
the vlog today I guess those are so good
actually just want one more one more and
then no more one more
how that
I did but if I eat one more
I won't have one
