it is bright and early on symphonies
fourth birthday
first things first she requested a bath
with some new bubbles and then she
wanted to eat her oatmeal where the
dinosaurs hatch so that's what we're
doing my brother you are my sister
hard we've got
got to give love
in this together they let me use
scissors
what's that they were because they were
kisses oh good we are out of crafts
class at Michael's for one of Symphony's
birthday gifts from her cousin Chloe he
just woke up from a nap yeah what are we
going to be making today I don't know oh
oh stop all about fashion what fashion
dolls and just find any patterns that
your life can be more than one organ
with whichever feeling like one is that
to you look together plenty of
them for us love well you're good at
cutting we have these things made out so
far what are you eating what do you eat
what a sweet very time
that's really creative and
very hard boy this is symphonies
inspiration board she's really going all
out hmm
I love it says hey you're welcome do you
love it
pick up your paper can you hold it up to
me
beautiful I love it are you proud of it
yeah now are you making Symphony and DA
this is what symphonies dress is looking
like so far on her doll I love it so
symphonies done with her little crafts
and now we are gonna go let her pick out
a craft to take home with her little
gift card that she had what crafts did
you pick out with your gift card this oh
yeah that's awesome what else did you
pick out this cat who you build your own
castle yeah
Symphony is checking out for the first
time with her first plastic here you're
gonna pay with that yeah totally 2501 ah
here's your receipt man my feedback
nothing you say thank you everything
you're welcome next we're going to Maui
what are we gonna see please mm-hmm
we're gonna go see the new planes her
little birthday request it first you
wanted to get our nails done and she's
like you know what Mommy I want to go
see a movie so that's what we're gonna
do we're gonna brave the movie the heir
to the Weber and we'll see how that goes
you want to sing happy birthday to my
little girl hello we all see it okay
what's her name Symphony three one two
birthday
happy birthday
thank you guys that's awesome
Oh alrighty we're going to movie cuz
we're here oh yes that's right little
smartypants I mean physical yep this is
what we're seeing planes Fire and Rescue
this is a bombs first time at a theater
yeah I'm a little bit nervous about it
but I think it's gonna go really good
about my nursing cover so that I can
nurse them if I need to
we have some little snacks with us and I
really think he's gonna do good
where's our movie the book of life I
know badly was the glare no insurance
policy will symphony he's so cute
did you like the movie yeah what was
your favorite part
my favorite the bear the bear part the
preview the movie theater was really not
that bad with Abram in there he did
really really well
did you think he did good yeah I thought
he did really good he's not so happy
right now but I just have to cool off
and let the car cool off we are home
from our early morning birthday
festivities and symphony and I are about
to light our candle I'm super excited
are you excited yes we're gonna wait
till it burns all the way down or until
we get a ring out whoa excited I really
want to try these for a while so it's
the smell is Apple sighs it smells very
good for the summer time Abram here is
just like totally wanting to be a bandit
with Symphony snacks I got him his own
snacks well that's what happens when
you're a snack bandit go get all the
girls money what about the totals for
yesterday's race symphonies a volunteer
tonight so the girls screen time is AJ
okay fantasy hey you gotta go get it a
from the girl puppet I'm gonna go take
her up there
as you guys know today's symphonies
fourth birthday yay have you got a good
day yeah yeah
yippee yeah what are we gonna do now
yeah so we've been measuring Stephanie
since she was 2 and she's 4 would it
lasted at three and a half let's see if
she's grown since three and a half stand
real straight put your hands at your
side and your head up against the wall
to put your back touch everything to the
wall now put your head up circle look at
mommy
there you go just like chin straight
shoulder straight there you go good okay
Hey Wow so that you grew a lot sure dude
that's where I grew yeah you were this
much six months ago oh my goodness
it's like you grew about an inch a
quarter getting on like a pansy or your
eyes aren't but your head is a tall girl
so glad you're growing I'm gonna open
the big ball so I just woke up from my
nap I've been asleep for maybe 12 hours
and that it was desperately needed as
you guys know I worked all night last
night stayed up all day the day before
and what amazing weather we have out
here today I love this kind of weather
it's actually sprinkling right now but
look it's that orange
Gai fire in the sky and there's a nice
breeze it's that twilight hour'
i love ever here sube come here
one frustrating thing about where we
live
we've missed the sunset and sunrise I
mean we see just the we just barely see
the edges of both of them see there's
the sunset back there it's like right
behind us trees and in the Sun rises
right back there what is it an amazing
let's look at it in the in the street oh
I wish we could see that sunset back
there we could see if we went to the
woods in the back
we can't yeah cuz I don't like going to
carry wood well we are we going the
woods that's where we're gonna go
explore this week we're gonna go some
woods I'm gonna take her into like the
most force the area I can find around
here and we're going to explore the
little forest game on my head you feel
the drops yeah
raindrops are falling on my head can I
have a cupcake daddy I think we ate oh
there's one right there
pone cupcake okay
well we're making cake well or didn't
get I don't know you tell me oh you got
chocolate
oh is that chocolate what's this one
orange mmm good daddy
how do you teach I have one more okay
why is this flavor mmm
strawberry okay actually I just want one
there Oh daddy you're eating too many I
just want one more though okay oh that
one's orange again mmm so good I have to
have one more idea that one okay Kimmy
can't you don't wonder one hmm can't get
one more damn it for us hmm can't get
one more yeah just one more I promise
okay thank you
okay know what this one that one yeah I
want actually I want this one now I'm
very - no actually I want this one daddy
now it's orange okay actually I think I
want one blueberry - sure - blueberry
right mmm no trying one more a lot one
more I need one more though just one
more can't one one more
a friend you make these yeah I gotta
have one more those are so good
daddy you cannot eat old help me my baby
ate them and my other baby did tonight I
don't want them to be sick that you that
you're eating but actually I just want
one more no daddy you can't eat all of
them just one more there's plenty left
look at all those that are left yeah I
just knew want one more okay
get one from this side decide oh yeah
this okay care of this one huh what is
it
I can't tell Oh actually eat one more Oh
actually I just want one more it's great
daddy huh moans we get this mad hey she
said is that a birthday gift yes thank
you go oh you're on the vlog she'll
she's hugging you she was hugging the
phone she's so cute today yeah she's
singing oh what are you doing man
hanging out in Hawaii how is it really
what do mean a monsoon you need close
the poem smash oh I guess on a tour of
your house take us on the tour of your
house real quick it's so big I love how
open it is
yeah I do show me the inside of it oh
that's cool
flush you don't see how it flushes can
you show me how is that the mint is that
this that's not the extra long is it is
that the low exelon bull oh really
oh wow sit on it let me see what it
looks like with you on it like this okay
so it looks like the toilet paper is in
a really good spot oh nice I know we do
this very video but yeah get one today
those are so good X I just want one more
Aidan I just want one more gate not one
more and then no more one more how that
yeah you ate a lot today I did but if I
eat one more
I won't have one more I got one more ok
yo have a three more then I'm done
three more I can get three more okay
okay yeah I think I want four more and
then I'll be done
daddy floors a lot that that means you
eat kinda lot of money that's it two
more
how about two more that's half of four
is that good you're so cute that I love
you so much
