me as well as thousands of other people
would like to know what is going on in
here
well for the second time at this week
we're cleaning up Anthony's toy box to
go donate some toys great
the same guy loved by the same heart
and this together that's so nice of you
I'm sorry yeah because God tells us to
give to other people that's why we do it
my sister can put all these stars all
over symphonies wall ruining my paint
job and this is my paint job by the way
okay
hey big guy he's feeling better today
what's he feeling better today he is I
did get on someone mojo cuz he had a
little tiny bit of a favorite felt like
but please be nice
yeah he's been a bee he's been so happy
I actually like cooked breakfast and him
and Symphony playing in here okay and
cleaned up the kitchen gave him a nap he
woke up happy this is it the bag of toys
that sent me and mommy found a donate
you donating that to Symphony you are oh
that's so sweet of you
she's going to donate your bone marrow
for she already has one
actually I think we're just taking it
back to exchange it can't get in your
seat Barbie yeah okay honey buckle up
show us that you can do it yourself
I can get to my top five by myself your
worries alright thanks
really throw the kid was a kid who do
you like better
elf ever on that
tell that what you have the flower
cooking shows the flower shape and
kalytero article but
thank you so much
yes we have the blogger outside of the
window with our new little stand
hey there how are you I wanted to ask
you a couple questions about her what is
it that you guys do here at the Genesis
Center at the Judicial Center it's a
women and children's shelter crisis
centers whatever it really is some
people say it's a homeless shelter it's
not okay it is a place for you just like
it says Genesis in the beginning it's a
beginning for a new life and that's
exactly what it is here being
faith-based we find our center which is
God outside of working in the thrift
store donations and to help support us
we also go to classes and everything too
so this is Tiffany she wants to give her
toys to the needy we have children in
the house too that sometimes they get to
come over here and pick out new toys and
everything Jesus says when you give your
more blessed than when you receive
okay so you remember that you should
always give before a plane
look at the little mommy in the making
remember Sophie gave you $5.00 you do
you have to you have to give 10% of that
okay 10% of $5.50 and you have to save
50% of that okay so you can spend two
dollars and fifty cents here okay or two
dollars actually okay remember these
pictures remember I used to want to do
photography like that now it's just
depressing leave this National
Geographic magazine about twins okay
like me and my brother see me and my
twin brother were like but we're not
alike we kind of went opposite
directions in life I went into nursing
where you save people
and he went into the Marines where you
have to kill people or trying to kill
people at least but that's fine yeah
somebody's gonna save him somebody's
gotta kill him I know we do this every
video but wiggle yeah good one today
awesome good job buddy that's it
those cute I'm thirsty sir let's go
Raiders
you found her Shirley didn't get up go
ahead buy it I think you look great oh
that's cute you should make that our new
opener
something I found the perfect tour for
you a new toothbrush
that's not your big teeth I didn't mean
for you to do that ok over this a new
wand that's awesome
ship who's gonna get the gingerbread man
where you draw with the magnetic wand
she's gonna try to talk him down it says
five bucks on there she's got to talk
him down to two
it's a mix between a shot glass and a
miniature mug San Diego that's where I
was born in honor of academic excellence
huh I should get that to put on my desk
just pretend I did something good in
academics oh this is cool I forget this
for me too for my desk best dad symphony
do you want to get this for me
Tiffany do you want to get this for me
for me fine
yeah it's 50 cents and have fun
oh is that 50 cents okay I said $5 it's
like that's expensive for that little
gingerbread man that's 50 cents if you
can get it 27 cents you have a quarter
earning hey you guys I just wanted to
give you a little update on the award
show we're going to November as many of
you know Symphony was not able to be
there with us while we were performing
and stuff and 11 of you reached out to
David cookie you got his attention he
made it possible for her to go yeah
what are you doing here you drinking a
lot of water aren't you yeah so we've
been really encouraging sipping a drink
a lot more water than she thinks she
needs so it's been one whole month since
I've been doing my gallon a day
challenge of water let me give you an
update on that so many distractions
around this place you chew your food you
crazy kid I took her before a picture
when I first started the challenge and
an after picture here I'll show it to
you guys now what do you guys think
pretty good right I think I don't look
as good actually I think I look better
before I started the challenge but
that's just no really really
before-and-after pictures I don't see
much difference at all really I really
wanted to see more difference in my
complexion because I have like a lot of
dry skin on my face eczema which is
basically just like severe dry skin I
won't be drinking a gallon of water a
day anymore just because I haven't
noticed a huge difference after mom I
guess I was drinking enough before maybe
probably not enough but honestly now the
thing is that I will be sticking with
though our drinking out of these 24
ounces of our the time that I wake up
I've noticed a huge difference and just
not be drowsy after I wake up after
drinking that 24 ounce of water those of
you who did the gown a challenge with me
how do you guys feel have you guys
noticed improvements in your life we're
getting ready for nap time and we're
about to do our storytime and look how
cute it looks hey buddy
are you gonna have storytime in the bean
bag say ball Abram can you say mama
Abram what do you think of your new room
today we are gonna be reading doc to the
rescue this is one of the books Symphony
got for her birthday goes okay go get it
right stick underway
we turned off all right that's annoying
huh can't whack toys that Symphony's
track I said you can't whack it hey I
want it to go well guys Nia's off to
Vacation Bible School again with
symphony and Abram and I will be going
to work I've been up all day long
couldn't sleep so I'm gonna speed up all
night without any sleep do you guys feel
sorry for me I feel sorry for myself a
little bit well anyway I forgot to
remind you guys yesterday that we love
you and remember what Jesus commanded
and John 15:12 love each other where you
going
this is what you made for dinner for me
it is awesome
Chipotle burritos with the Colts Joe
chili Rihanna with her special sauce let
me make my power let me build a tower
all right well I gotta go get ready for
work but just want to recognize that Nia
mopped the floor today look she left a
mop her out what a sweet sweet girl I
really do appreciate everything you do
Nia I know you left us out so I noticed
it and I should probably notice it more
often so you don't have to leave stuff
out
