the basic mail this one is all the way
from Romania from Romania what is that
well why don't you open it it's a
coloring book looks kind of like a
VeggieTales
are you cute hit man this is adorable
they made it it tells you how to speak
in another language so mushroom you say
oh wow you're someone jewelery parka
there's a necklace new you got and the
earrings that match theirs the bracelets
if they got little dragonfly on it thank
you for everything
she also sent us some really heartfelt
letters she sent this one this little
card it's lighting the jewelry and then
I got my own little letter over here and
a really cute message that's thinking in
her book our first package is from Mike
from Singapore he goes the 31 day
devotional called the one thing and he
also got us across thank you so much
Mike in this awesome card that says love
each other I've been wanting a
devotional just to keep on the table out
here for me to read when I wake up and
this one will be it the one thing
appreciate it Sam is opening up our
second package and today I'm trying to
be a little bit more organized with
getting you guys thank-you cards out so
we're cutting off we're cutting off the
return address and putting the gift with
it and I'm writing a little notes on the
back of the cardboard as to what it is
Cheers Sam find something nice fault uh
I was so sweet we got some starburst me
and I used to share
necklace it's a bottle cap you got some
cash money a slinky with a face on it
she drew a face on it yeah yeah five
dollars
happy birthday sassy sweet symphony'
cute what else did she get Abram got a
little present nee got a little present
no she decided to make the Rings it's
all from Hobby Lobby come a trail I was
like paper she said you pick your flower
and decide if you want a single or a
layered one thank you so people is that
creative adorable what a cute little box
you sent to us thank you
that was a fun box Oh Sophie Shira ten
dollars Sophie you didn't have to do
that thank you
this one is a dress just idea and it is
from Veronica clay of savvy photography
planner no planners Vasavi
Mia prayer is the key to heaven but
faith unlocks the door oh my gosh does
she make you love this yeah it looks
like she did make it this is awesome she
said I make planners and I'm also a
photographer
my firm looks quite similar if you know
what I mean that makes me feel good just
17 years old and she says Kenny and I
both admire your video Oh what oh my
gosh did you see that I posted this on
Sam's Facebook oh my gosh I have been
wanting you want to go over so bad
something fun for you and Symphony to do
have fun and thank you for the smile
everybody say thank you thank you look
simply let me explain it so what you do
is you melt the candle and somewhere
down the road when all the stuff is
burning down of ring will be hiding in
here a diamond ring this is so cool
thank you thank you Heather I've been
wanting one of these so bad oh it's
mounting solution for a window thanks
Daniel James this is awesome it's a
birthday present for your party sweet
symphony' I'm a piano teacher and I
thought you might like order to play the
piano it's so much fun ask your parents
to help you learn one day you came to
teach Abram how to play your piano book
Thank You Daniel wonderful to see person
to active on YouTube continue girlfriend
God and raising your children so well
the Olsen family from go for it Sims
what we got in there what's this candy
what is it like no like it's a purse for
you to paint little purses you get to
decorate your own little purses is that
fun
for a bro I have I carry a purse here's
the Olsen family grant and Deb Lydia
Mandy Matt and Lauren Liz Anna will I
think some of them are cut off but wow
you guys what a big family this one is
from Lydia Olsen she's 13 years old the
youngest of six and she says she's a
huge fan of our Channel I've been
watching you since early May you've been
a great encouragement to my face if you
put a magnet on it we could put that on
the refrigerator so can you go put that
on the fridge a little magnet on it and
go flick that good spot wherever you
cannot reach it that's right Avery
cannot reach it right here this is the
girl who sent us that that's Lydia who's
this one from doing her let's see it's
gonna stay right here
we're here don't throw blogging
adventures enjoy your gift from Steven
oh wow
I just cannot believe it yeah we're in
our stomach yeah that is so cool you can
wear this run at Oakland yeah
oh my goodness I'd love to the camera
like this you could just kind of where
it should carry the baby talk while
she's walking around so this is from
Steven mode in Ogden we're not really
sure to pronounce out last night but
well thank you this is awesome I can get
really creative with this and I'm like
really exciting I was one of that kind
of you too but it's really hard with the
helmet that's awesome I'm not sure
people do this but this is from the
Fairbanks family hey guys thank you oh
my goodness for me of course they're
probably Abrams what else we're getting
here see this one's to me from Jamie
Samuel hopefully you will find some
ideas and insights that will strength
your marriage with Nia 100 ways to love
your wife have rooms up from his nap is
getting his little toys it's a crappy
for a crabby boy grabby knee this is
from the Kraft family the multi mom open
it Oh doc mcstuffins
paint said crap look at her and say
thank you thank you all of this up is
from the multi mom she's really active
on our channel always very encouraging
you guys to check out her channel I'll
link it in the description below so this
personal camera buddy is supposed to go
on your back but you gotta admit this is
a Clank okay cuz I couldn't use my hands
while I'm talking now you guys won't
ever miss out on a single thing that we
do
okay so right now I'm drinking water
with two hands let's see what happens
when I try going to the refrigerator
okay so I got it open all right
this is gonna be tricky reaching to the
milk
no I got the milk let's see if I can
open the microwave got it
thanks again Sydnor for this awesome my
camera buddy mount i know this thing
wasn't cheap
I cannot believe you actually got me
this thing that is awesome it's gonna be
awesome for my girl for obviously that's
what it's mainly for strap on your back
and get cooling goes over the shoulders
and stuff like that so this is the other
mount we got hits the windshield mount
and I got it mounted to the top of the
door the window at the top of our front
door alright so guess what guys you
guessed it our chin is over I'm gonna go
shopping together we always show up like
this but thing would be really cool for
my music videos how about all the god I
can cling in your hands I'm gonna stay
that way that's all watch the man's cuz
a chick betting nag and they chew me in
it but I don't think I make up my mind
to be I can't be a husband who's in the
mix and I'm home in a day and I pray
that I rise above the fold that is why
self-love but the thing that I see draws
me don't know what you want could truly
see that it's a peaceful of the eyes and
low blow to purpose and I'm a little kid
at a three-ring circus
I don't wanna get the whole world and
lose my soul let me hear you walk away
let me hear the people say
gain the whole world news my soul
