Abram has been so fussy today I think
he's not feeling really well he's pretty
happy right now though hey buddy
wiggle wiggle wiggle
hey wiggle wiggle wiggle
by the same guy
we've got to live
well
and this together Tim ffunny do you
remember I told you that every time you
open a new present we're gonna get rid
of some other presents some other old
toys okay why you don't wear it
well we'll think about it so this is the
stack of stuff we're gonna donate or
give away do you see that basket down
there would you like to look through it
real quick little baby yeah so we don't
need it we have a baby boy and we don't
need that anymore the kiddos are napping
and so I'm doing some laundry while they
nap today has been crazy oh my goodness
so Abram and I both have a little cold
I don't know how severe his is but he
has had a horribly moody day I mean I
can't put him down I can't get out of
his sight he doesn't want to play he
doesn't want to eat he doesn't want to
drink a bottle he doesn't want to do
anything and it took me a good hour and
a half total to get him to nap I put him
down and he slept for about 30 to 40
minutes I finally took a shower haven't
been able to do anything today finally
took a shower and he woke up shortly
after my shower I know that it wasn't me
running around getting ready that will
come up because it took him a good like
five minutes so today is the first night
of VBS at the church that Sam and I
attended prior to the pillar and so I'm
going to be teaching the third through
sixth graders and I think Sam's going to
come and help me tonight because he's
off work so we're gonna go out there and
teach our little students I love love
love teaching the aides or such a really
it's just such a fun age and they seem
like they really soak up what you're
teaching them and like like to listen to
you and stuff like that the theme is
some kind of like mystery detective
theme I've still got to go through my
curriculum today and catch up and
refresh haven't been able to do that yet
either because of sweet little Abram but
yeah so I've barely had anything to eat
today as well and I'm getting a little
bit like loopy and a little queasy
what's going on in here
hearing some popcorn and of course is
your wife in a movie what movie are you
watching ah madman well I know he had
your like reclined against the to pad
the tube pushing like this look it's
like chillin it was so stinking cute
balls are you feeding him oh girl they
are so cute I just did no chance I'm so
cute sitting on a couch money that I'm
rain down oh excuse me I already told
the viewers what a horrible mood
Abraham's been in today yeah I think
it's excusable nah he's good oh yeah he
got his own popcorn but Wow
you got once we're here we're a little
bit early so that I can set up my class
and I don't even need a foot mommy's
hand yeah because I'm almost glad that's
broke a big girl
so this is the church that Sam and I
used to go to I had gone to this church
since I was like 11 years old before Sam
and I started going to a different
church called Locust Grove Baptist
Church isn't it cute
let's go in my class Symphony we're
gonna go decorate and then we'll come
out here and line up for for VBS hey so
Symphony and Nia went to go to Vacation
Bible School in April memories are
hanging out together making my shirt
that is slobbiness all of it it's all
slobber he took a very long nap oh my
chest is wrong sweet he's been feeling
pretty sick here lately like all day
today Nia said he was been like just
crabby and just like really hot so we
have him make it we've been giving him
some motrin a Tylenol around the clock
and thinking maybe like teething he's
pulling and tugging up both of his ears
hey buddy calls what's going on hey bro
hey what's going on buddy this is my
class
we're doing crafts okay yeah I'm taking
a video we made little communicators
he's been wanting look at him though
you're just not feeling well at all
Oh can't have to keep extra slobbery
today you guys can see look how slobbery
here let me make my tower hey hey hey it
was very nice I'm kind of going hey I
want to build a tower let me build a
tower no hey no no nope let me build my
shower ah no no hey hey no oh man how'd
you do it what'd you do doggy down my
tower this is my tower
hey no no no no no whoa whoa oh man Mike
one over here all you do that one I'll
make one over here hey he's like hey
what you doing up here hey do you hear
the printer me we the things you have to
do to keep him entertained we hold on
tight hold on you hold on
do did you do to do to do
you want out
so I'm feeding Abram these veggie buns
and a pouch he loves and says carrot
broccoli and pear
Hey here watch he just thinks this is so
sour it's really not sour at all no not
that sorry here buddy hey mom hey put
them here I like these things you're
just so easy to feed him with have to
worry about a spoon whoa Sorry Sorry
oh are you done are you done what did
you guys learn about today by witnessing
people I witnessing being an eyewitness
for Jesus and we talked all about what
being an eyewitness for Jesus would
smell like what we would hear what we
would see right what would we see if we
weren't eyewitness for Jesus let's see
people hearings I teach that's rocky so
I don't think we're getting that dog
that you saw yesterday Nia doesn't like
her
wait a minute I don't like her I'm just
not a gator
she's not a cat person needed by the
world she's allergic to my love cat I
don't know anything bad I guess all my
friends have faith okay this is a mind
stone and greens with beans textured
bean medley there you go big lots of
vegetables
Tiffany's snack Symphony wanted a snack
delicious purse then come on
I don't like yeah no no you said you
liked vegetables convert daddy made you
a deal you open it you have to eat it
disgusting I almost throw up just having
a tad bit my tongue yeah
