hey guys mornin how's everyone doing
today
we're heading to church and Sammy and I
are the toddler teachers today we were
just discussing ideas for doing worship
I suggested taking the children into a
big church in worship this morning
I'm not going to lie I'm just kind of
being selfish in that decision because I
really want to go in the mid turret in
worship kind of stressful week and
sometimes when I go on their worship I
just I just feel really relaxed and
connecting to God I usually cry so
careful I guess I think I got a say in
this together we got a new mount from
the Daniel James home to try it out who
you want try it out right now yeah okay
you wouldn't turn it off we should do it
while it's live on like screwed on okay
guys we're getting turned on this really
needs how could you our lipsticks like
this oh we can and oh my goodness we
have to this your hands on the wheel
unquote this is the last week of July so
hopefully by the end of this week we'll
have a new lip sync up for you guys home
by the way we did open all of your
packages and we did make a vlog about it
but we're planning on posting in as a
bonus vlog maybe tomorrow or the next
day or something I was like no see I'm
gonna go get in there vlog I'm gonna and
what's it called um photobomb your vlog
so looks like symphony and mommy were
their 50s outfits today here's mommy's
creaky of strictures colors yeah to a
Lisa this is Leah's mom Leah made a
really cute shopper bloggers for them
hugging it's adorable
it's the opening shot all the boys and
girls went to the party with mommy I'm
watching Avery hey you're supposed to
pull your toy do a wiggle wiggle for
Jesus wiggle wheels
well wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
wiggle
there we go all right hey Mike come on
in man he's skipping on Church or what
just keep your church or what now
okay number one or two King hared
beard prison
here's Peter okay this is the king he
put Peter in some angry man did not kick
him out Jesus that night people slept
change two guards in his prison cells
they were keeping him in a Cell wet he
slept suddenly an angel appeared and
Peter's prison gate the angel said quick
get up and Peter woke up after the angel
said get out I'm having eyes the angel
had Peter without of the prison pass the
guards the guards didn't see it happen
and who came to visit Peter who came to
visit Peter while using in jail haengju
over here and then what did the angel
tell Peter to do
yes exactly I'm not scotch sipping a
birthday
all right ball zipping into the tree
guys get set go
honey did you learn your lesson wearing
flip-flops I definitely
football today I think
beep smash
these kids makes me realize that I would
have one kid
and every week you
right churches are over I'm just hanging
out in the car with the kiddos Abraham's
driving see can't subtract in purpose
simply her knees back their knees inside
talking to Heath and she'll about
becoming the director all the kids over
a little pillar so I'm excited here
about that when she comes back to the
car she's gonna start taking over
curriculum in the church she's gonna be
the director
she'll just such an awesome job I'm like
really excited for her hey buddy it's
your peers just a kid
Tiffany got a balloon from our
neighborhood before that church today
all right Tiffany say goodbye the review
is for today Tom what you're gonna be
doing oh just for a day you're so cute
say bye to mommy
it's not asleep I was supposed to be
asleep back here dude
you got a cheeseburger double-double to
fry since you kiss a lot
yes sir did you not pay no oh it's gonna
be 980 are you know any and stumbled up
with onions to Rises you water yes ma'am
he just took the card sure thanks
we don't have much time to go home and
cook so we'd like to stop in order
somewhere quick and end up burger is my
choice fries and bourbon
they have really good fries tough people
said are dry but I don't think they're
dry do you know I love their fries look
at burger that Sam's burger by the way
not my big Homer they put massive
tomatoes in there and I just like the
meat is really good
Oh
not ready with that way you won't sleep
longer hey guys
honey yes hey broom guys I'm off to work
now it was good seeing you today but
man's gotta do what a man's got to do so
I don't think we're getting that dog
that you guys saw yesterday Nia doesn't
like her wait a minute I don't like her
I'm just not either I'm not a dog person
she's not a dog person and she doesn't
like this one
she showed me some kind of show me a
bigger dog that she would possibly like
if we had to get the dog yes that's not
a cat person either by the way cause
she's allergic to listen sure I love
cats
that's probably my favoritest pet in the
world have but I'm highly allergic to
them like extremely I don't know
anything bad I guess all my friends who
have babies and young children say that
their dogs get on their last nerve
because they wait their kids up hey I'm
not a dog person B I don't want
something that I'm already not a fan of
waking up my kids when they're asleep
because that's like the thing this dog
is quiet all dogs bark they don't bark
like this you can bark at all the whole
time we were there
but I understand your concerns my
concerns because I am the homemaker and
the caretaker of this place and I don't
believe that salmon Symphony are gonna
live up to their duties like they say
they will yes we will Nia in fact I
think this dog will help motivate me to
get out of the house and might take our
walks with symphony maybe go jog with
the dog why are you laughing she's
laughing she takes this funny why is
that funny I just really don't want a
dog it's like every every excuse I come
up with to not get the doggie as a
rebuttal bear guys convinced me that a
dog is good for Symphony the right kind
of dog the cute dog not one that I'm
gonna track it to you guys think that
that was Kira's it just mean was it
it looks like a giant rat that is so
rude
that's Camille you're talking about I
mean has a name here
your son is crying at kimple how can you
take care of a dog Abrams over there
screaming hey Burke you buddy
here puppy I mean ha ha ha
see whines he drools you can pet him he
comes from music come even wags his tail
they don't see that come here this is it
open it okay oh goodness
Oh we'll get the Wu guy both anyway it's
time for us to go don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other hey
get out of the road
can you kiss I love you a big party like
yesterday requires some rearrangement of
the birthday girls room
so here is the new setup but now I've
got her bed and her little nightstand
lined up along the wall the deal we made
was each time she gets to open a new
gift from the party yesterday she has to
donate or give away two old toys and so
far we have this little stash the second
shelf of her dollhouse has some and then
this guitar and there's a few more that
are in Abrams room this is actually only
the second time I've rearranged
Symphony's room she was in her crib for
three years and last year on her
birthday we surprised her with a toddler
bed and new princess bedding and all
this fluffy stuff behind me here and so
for the last year she's had her room set
up the way that you guys have always
seen it and now she's got her little
four year old set up and I think it's so
cute Sam actually found the footage of
us presenting to her the big girl room
with a toddler bed and everything for
the first time on her
birthday last year so we'll share that
with you guys at some point in this vlog
as well I lined up all her birthday
cards some of her new books this is a
photo of her and her cousin Logan well
it's time for me to get Abram to bed he
needs a bath story time all that jazz
and so me and the buddy are going to go
do our nightly routine and we will see
you all tomorrow on the blog have an
awesome day you guys
Sydnee brother stuffed animals to the
party
No
happy birthday yes to get thousands on
my bed do you like your new bed do you
like your new tan your canopy yeah oh
and daddy put lady slip up somewhere ow
yesterday your room this is still stop
hey
