Abram wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
with to it wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle
wiggle Piko Piko Piko pick up the go you
are my sister made by the same guy loved
by the same
to give love
don't worry
in this together yes this is awesome
Hiram's taking a morning nap and I'm
just trying to make a mental checklist
of everything I need to get done today
so that tomorrow I'm not like running
around like a chicken with my head cut
off family's at the church right now
filming a guy's testimony story for our
church and I just can be shown maybe
Sunday at church that's cool I love
seeing those things are we going honey
 bar we're gonna try to find
something your birthday outfit since her
dress did not follow through her dressed
above it realize dresses follow through
on things
no for her birthday
why's that ha I don't think it's a
peacock hey it's a flamingo and it
that's his head and the water when it's
ready for it
drink it sure does the colors those are
the party I can turquoise and purple is
a little bit of lime green you like that
one I do like this matches though that
was really cute party ish isn't this
what you wore my first birthday that's
the famous shirt do you guys recognize
this shirt
what are you doing candy no smelly
things
Armani's her oh me oh me too we don't
ask for things remember please let these
sketch oh yes her guard okay so it's
just what about originally not this one
you don't like the blue one I do I do -
hmm
Tiffany you like this one I'm gonna pin
it I was a cute wait a minute symphony
this match is so good with your party
stuff no I'm so cute do you like this or
no yes well you don't talk to mommy like
that though we won't get any of them
okay oh wait what
Oh swimsuit oh my gosh everyone got a
blowout you get a blowout maybe that's
what I don't know yeah big dead that
saved me no your boobs that's the
changing room go ahead go try it on
we'll wait for you come on
I'm doing I can't even put my clothes oh
of course you can you do it every
morning my pants and panties Tran over
here birthday dress very retired that's
beautiful well put that one down I'll
take that go show mommy
sushi thinks do you like it your daddy
liked it yeah yeah I think it looks fun
okay
what do I know
you won't buy everything simple but yeah
we mommy likes to buy everything at
issue we had a miscarriage center now I
love even order like oh look it's amber
literally let's see the belly amber is a
boy girl boy also we thank you soon
Easton I believe are you mustn cool
amber and I went to nursing school
together oh we left a baby simply just
got her birthday dress we're gonna
interview her what has been your
favorite part about this year symphony
what's your favorite part about being 3
years old
alright come back alright got another
question for you
if you could have anything in the world
for your birthday what would it be it
would be nice now hey you guys we just
left the post office and we have a nice
little stack of letters here so I want
to go through a little quick and let you
guys know where they're from and thank
you all for taking the time to write us
such encouraging letters believe it or
not even though we are doing these
YouTube videos and you know our channel
is growing we still need support and
encouragement through what we're doing
and it's just so wonderful that we have
such an awesome
fan basic our brothers and sisters in
Christ who lift us up and encourage us
because some days we really need it we
got one from wanting from Gilbert
Arizona Ariane from Georgia look at this
cute envelope she did some really cute
details biggest tree in the neighborhood
the Walmart sign Sam it's Anthony's
little paper boat basic with some fish
it's really cute
we're Annika clay of Sami photography
from Aida Missouri Linda from
Bloomington
this one's from El Cajon California we
used to have family who lived in El
Cajon boomer family from Smithfield
Virginia Nick from Grand Prairie Texas I
have spent a lot of time in that town my
best friend Emily that you guys met
recently lived there Emily Christo from
North Branch Minnesota somebody's
thank-you card got sent back I don't
understand why I can't make out what the
stamp says and last but not least no
name thanks guys we are working on
thermometer pretzels check it out it's
kind of hard to make the lines with this
candy decorating pens though not look
good we got to turn them over and get to
the flat side yeah no needless report
wasn't focused
you with the pants he doing we don't
over here we doing wait dude who do you
think you are mister huh
it's very sick you want that color
wiggle wiggle
what are you doing eating one super for
your birthday party re had two of them
where you going
wha-oh scare you guys that's a workout
so we'll oh you stepped on her foot
be careful buddy oh you okay what do you
ladies making over here trying to make
band-aids band-aids waiting look on it
it's not that what throttling look like
oh oh oh really okay so earlier you guys
saw the cookies looking like craap they
looked bad but with the magic of spreads
are sweet look at that that guy's cute
look at Tessa over there she's really
good at this stuff
her hands are all sticky yay turn boy a
check-up long-long thank you Bob
I don't talk hello hey can you please
tell me what you think this is it's a
Beretta no but what is it supposed to
look like can you tell what this is and
take a tiger okay thank you
go tell um Katie to come here looks like
it looks like a toy what kind of toy a
tiger okay all right Natalie what does
this look like Tiffany what do you think
this looks like can i I don't know you
don't know what this looks like
no take a guess what does it look like
to you asinine a a thermometer good job
yep it's doing it all the detail on her
face just disappears
so supposed to be on a photoshoot today
but I ended up at Eric's house instead I
was just really dreary out and just kind
of cold and dark
so we canceled it we're going to
reschedule two newborn slash family
shoot
so me and Eric are hanging out right now
but it's time for me to go home for one
reason only to make the vlog Eric do you
know what I always tell our fan basic
and now I say don't forget we love you
remember
each other see you on symphonies
birthday tomorrow don't forget be there
or be square
well I'm crossing my T's and dot in my
eyes and I'm getting everything ready
for the party tomorrow I've got my
trusty little basket you're full of
stuff that I can't really put together
until I'm at the venue for the party
tomorrow so I've got to get it all
together and kind of layered in order of
how I want to do it
I'm so excited tomorrow's the big day I
feel like I've been planning this party
forever I can't believe it's finally
coming together I'm so excited you guys
so tune in on Sunday evening 5 o'clock
so that you can be a part of symphonies
birthday party I can't wait you guys are
gonna love it and she's gonna be so
excited that we brought you all along so
we'll see you then they got sent me a
birthday balloon which one's your
favorite color
the boy
