hey guys I lost my keys I've seriously
lost them I think is scorpion work I
have finally broke down and got ya
morning guys so we get ready for church
last night was our family Thanksgiving
and the night before that I cleared out
my car so I could load up some donations
and I pulled something in my back all
yesterday I was just in so much pain I
was even into your so we're getting
ready for church and I'm trying to move
low but fast all
now we're going to the nursery now hey
Katie thanks for watching Josie she was
trying to go on the other side of me to
escape
oh oh hey big girl she's free and she
knows it
go get'em what is this what did you pay
oh did I break it
my keys I've seriously lost like they
were sitting into the car and now
they're gone thank you oh my gosh
they're in my date hashtag I have been
alone for four days Sunday naps or great
and I woke up to the sound of the screen
door going like open closed and I'm like
what is that so I jumped up and thought
the kids were going outside of that
permission and know the guys are home
he's always nice you get to wake up to
the guys
I know it's good hey mom what did you do
that time before you fell asleep happen
here how'd you put him on your leg
Symphony walked across the street to
help daddy he's unloading the trailer
that you borrowed he's driving with
Daddy
daddy was so sweet he brought prizes
home to all the kids
the big ones just are like cannot wait
to Abram he knows exactly what to do hey
are you waiting for your rice field
you guys better close your eyes he's
already told y'all get matching chainsaw
he was telling my girls they're all
about it today the real kids one we take
this off they actually runs but they're
like little rubber blade that's like
Daddy oh there we go daddy
here we go daddy perfect for you this is
perfect as always after that I always
pretend my towel is my wing really oh
now you are doing for about time you
have to hold an ax and um and now I can
we've got to read the instructions I've
got the perfect thing for Avram Hadar
let me tell you them there's something
growing in our garden and it's a tree
that doesn't belong there see how this
is sticking up further you got to cut
that down and keep it even they scared
of it just once you got it I'll go
I found a butterfly in my tree wow what
a beautiful sight you like so cute
what's up guys it is finally time I have
finally broke down and got a phone we
have gone through too many issues with
we're sure with Andrew either that's
right sharing with whoever I'm traveling
with my time that's who I'm sharing with
skip hold control it's been how long
come on Oh longer than two months how's
it really it's been since early
September I think around the birthday
humor October November it's about to be
December so we're going on for months
going on for months
yeah you're about to be in your fourth
month I guess that's insane four months
without phone guys that cause it showed
like I can definitely live without a
phone it is on dude borrow there's not
that often but I mean text and tell me
things it was definitely an eye-opener
for me how much I don't need this device
in my face all time but it's gonna be
nice to have so I know when me is
picking up daily I'm not oh oh yes oh
yeah that's pretty
it is mm-hmm
careful honey the original iPhone that's
pretty nice it's pretty big button right
where your fingers at scorpion where
it's just like folding and unfolding its
body at army it's how about I think it's
a scorpion I like that is definitely a
scorpion oh my gosh holy crap get out of
the house okay
you guys okay no I'm freaking out a
little No
just made me sweat without crazy it's
not a square feet kidding it's a beetle
scream Abram ever on the task working
bad alright guys so that really wasn't a
scorpion but I'm gonna go in the vlog
now it's kind of a short and sweet vlog
but um you know we're gonna get back on
track tomorrow okay you have my work and
it was great Nia made some chicken new
not noodle chicken soup Mexican Mexican
soup is what you mean but let's take
question of the day and it is what is
the yummiest thing you can cook don't
forget guys we love you and remember to
love each other so funny just like a
it's just a beetle a respective
screaming
