we catch you
disco mami drink your coffee prettier
luck for the day Sam keeps saying it's
pretty early today which is funny
because this is like what coming early
for me 7 a.m. I never worked up quite
early why am i up early because of a
recertification class today for a CLS
I'm supposed to paint the house but um
this came up and I have to get it done
it was like a last minute type thing you
are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same heart
we've got to live
in this together the middle of July and
it's so cold outside it's ridiculous
hello I'm at the post office getting
ready to ship out a couple orders and
then I'm gonna go get some party stuff
Abraham's gonna go to my mom's house and
then Symphony was like I want to go to
Phoebus too and my mom like a typical
grandma was like well she can come to go
I see this I'm gonna brave it here we go
I'm one of those people I don't like the
rain touching me got to be kidding me
okay so Sam's car has this issue
sometimes the battery slips out of place
and you have to like go under the hood
and like scooch it back in and that
happened it has not happened to me in
months
and of course while it's raining it's
happening on that party side I'm excited
I've got to find the doc mcstuffins
stuff there's his mom so I definitely
need stuff for cupcakes a happy birthday
banner this little game I came into this
game like pin the bandaid on Lambie and
stuffy so I really wanted these crayons
to go with the little book of boo-boos
cuz that's kind of how she uses hers but
instead I think I'm gonna have to get
these little crayon boxes which I really
don't want to get it because it's not as
like legit I think the crayons on the
inside are plane the whole Norway hole
I'm not going to do anything with the
house today because as you can see it's
pouring out
my goodness
there's no end in sight actually there's
an inside that's right there I really
need these I'm always really simple with
the birthday cake I don't go like all
out on birthday cakes because seriously
when you go to a birthday party how many
how many plates of half-eaten pieces of
cake do you find I feel like every time
I've ever had a party for our kids
there's just not a lot of cake eaten
maybe that's because I don't go all out
on the cakes I don't know maybe I don't
even need a power wash my house looks
like the rain forest a cab over there
for me
like I'm cute this pinata as I found I'm
so excited about it Party City has so
many cute little things but they were
out of like three or four of the things
that I specifically came for that was
very disappointing but it's okay Oh is
anybody home
somebody anybody mommy
Abram Symphony anybody are you home
I just walked up Andrews home I guess
I'm home alone Andrews busy with the
TV's don't and if you want to come play
with me let me know our first order of
business today will be cutting this
dreadlock off the side of my face well
maybe I can cut it here first can better
still a little weird think I'll just
like sniff it like this
I should have got my cosmetology license
I think I'm actually pretty good at this
cut this here cut that cut this cut back
this seems is uploaded a picture onto
the Sandia Facebook page that we had
90,000 subscribers
Wow as I cited thank you guys so much
for all of your support and for
continuing to watch our videos even
though we have like such an ordinary
life that we're living and you guys just
make it so much fun to share it with you
and I'm just so appreciative I think I'm
about to cry we just hit 90,000
subscribers we're gonna do we just hit
90,000 subscribers
good yeah pretty exciting I wonder what
he's doing to celebrate I was jumping up
and down on the car hope she's like
wreck a few months ago I didn't even
know what it meant to have sobs and now
it's just like you guys are like our
family this is so awesome Wow cool so
thank you guys so much just know what
else to say I'm so excited I'm on my way
to pick up the kids for my mom's house
and I just happened to be at a red light
mind you at a red light scrolling
through Facebook and I just happen to
see the 90,000 on the same in your page
and I was like I got have longed for a
minute
I'm just so excited which I was with Sam
I wonder what his version of excitement
is gonna be I just so we should
celebrate when we get to 100 but man
yeah look of course we will know like
all right like every hundred so I just
want to thank all of you guys for
subscribing to our channel and you know
supporting us commenting and liking our
videos and sharing your life stories
with our life stories and just come
together and just being one big family
with us we really appreciate all 90
thousand and 26 or something of you guys
thank you so much and this is to another
10,000 subscribers cheers okay I just
got home from Party City and I've got
everything behind me laid out and I'm
gonna show you guys everything that I
got this was everything I got from Party
City I found a really cute pinata that I
already showed you guys these are my
little deck
patience a game banner little stealing
things I have cute little tablecloths
with coordinating colors and I got
plates and napkins he's really cute
balloons Symphony loves balloons so I
decided to get her the really cute ones
sparkly four and then these are gonna go
inside of all the little doctor's kits
so I'm gonna go see how Sam is doing and
give him a kiss oh my gosh just walking
by my living room and happen to notice
this on my wall do you guys notice
anything out of the ordinary like all
these crooked pictures
sandy Crocker I'm gonna get you she told
me yesterday as a joke I totally thought
she was joking she's like I'm gonna go
turn all your pictures sideways I'm
going to turn them askew and see if you
notice I noticed you a little bandit so
artists ran home and the last day is
canceled
today we'll swim the family day maybe
phew what do they say they said that
it's basically just canceled they're not
gonna reschedule it or anything here she
said today is not technically a class
it's a fun day like so she can't come to
the next fun day - you guys pay for this
we paid for this one day the family day
listen now simply won't come back later
I'm sorry like it's so but it's really
cold out kind of chilly out there
what do you want to do to celebrate
since we can't go swimming um go on a
date with Daddy
oh I'm going do just me okay we can do
that
well Eric it's a date with Sam's picot
to date with Sam I hear me monitor
neighbor I can't because video
$100 giftcard thank you for do and also
Tonya or tani I'm not sure what the
correct pronunciation is but thank you
so much for sending us that gift card to
Walmart
yeah seriously thank you it really went
a long way in Symphony's party planning
and the different decorations and food
that we that we had chosen from her
party just a lot of different thing that
I wouldn't have chosen to purchase
without your home thank you so much we
really appreciate you look at this yeah
yes to the raindrops oh wow
I feel like a weather man right now do
you see all the accumulation on the wind
chills look at all the raindrops go on
their day you know just how how Ansel ok
you go outside how you can we can you
get it underground
oh yeah and you can wear your rain
jacket and your rain boots daddy whoa
whoa whoa whoa look at the wittle gosh
we took a nappy or did that day here or
this plan welcomed us alone because a
little monster is stopped
what do you sad is like a puppy you get
my view this is my view
I'm gonna get you good you what do they
doing over there go get him yeah go go
get her oh my god Stephanie and I are
about to drive over a bridge she saw
this bridge being built and ever since
she's been asking when can we go on that
bridge and today is the day on our way
to our date night check it out this is
the bridge Tiffany you enjoy it wow this
is an amazing bridge Wow I'm so
incredibly amazing wasn't it
Symphony and I are going on our date she
asked me as you guys saw if I could take
part of date today how could I possibly
tell her know when they should not but I
want to this one happened pretty quick
so I don't think I'll ever tell her no
she has me wanna babe nobody else even
not coming not even coffee just with you
bro looks like she's trying to cuff
jealous Wow this is starting a lot
earlier than ever
can't wait for my balloon they got sent
me a birthday balloon so sweet which
one's your favorite colors the boy don't
know
purple oh she got you read your baby I'm
gonna hold this right here okay
may she tell her thank you very much
please what's so nice if there wasn't it
do you see all the confetti pretty cool
balloon huh it's bouncing - okay
Symphony and I are done eating at
chick-fil-a sure we're gonna say and
anyone uh I I let go uh uh on my next
going in the playroom yeah
it folded up in the room but we got
another one in us the same color yeah
she got really distraught she actually
like over balloon in the playroom what
was that little boy calling me inside
the playroom that you met what was he
calling me
Oh three times what was it called me
Prince Han well well we thought you were
and he said you are what was he saying I
was Prince Hans is that that was your
name why cuz I saw her YouTube video
yeah wasn't that funny
yeah all right you ready go to tweet
frogs yeah alright alright I've run go
to sweet frogs I'm gonna say goodbye now
don't forget love you and remember to
love each other
boink
buddy he's got our own little ride now
big getting our being back for a party
and a couple balloons that like so Coke
comfortable all right we got to get
candy for the P anata okay where's the
candy at in this place
I don't ever come to this Walmart candy
so - Kim Tim where the Candy's at
