I'm getting ready to go to the doctor to
see what's going on with all this nausea
and stuff I've been feeling but before
we do that I've got something special
we're gonna do today
Symphony no longer uses these cubbies
and when she gave them up she said that
she was going to save them for Abram and
so I've got him his bottle over here but
if he downs this in like five minutes
which usually he does then I'm gonna
give him this cup of water I'm not gonna
make him another bottle because he just
doesn't need to drink that much formula
and the amount of time we're gonna be
out my brother you are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same
mom
in this together okay so here you go
Symphony go pass off your copy to your
baby brother any change in game nakai oh
look at his big boy come in baby now
he's trying to tell you thank you
brother
oh your apron for me it's for a broom
yeah we're a Hobby Lobby getting some
stuff for reads and symphonies birthday
yay this is exactly what I was looking
for as a divider between the doctor's
office and waiting room for symphonies
birthday party but they're a little bit
short so now I'm not really sure what to
do it seems that that's the tallest one
wait symphony come here it's exactly
what we came in for and I'm just not too
sure that that's what I want to do okay
maybe this is what we're gonna have to
do get the whole like science fair
project going symphony come stand in the
middle right there let me see if you're
too oh yeah
so that's taller than her point of it
being taller than her so that way I
don't really see the doctor's bed on the
other side of it so that way it
separates like doctor's office and
waiting room I think this is going to be
the divider that I end up going with I
like the way that looks
the only downside is this on the
opposite side where the doctor's table
will go it's all cardboard ish I don't
know I'm going to have to get pretty
creative with this I probably going to
set the doctor's bed up on the center
one and maybe just have little things on
each side of it okay we're done in Hobby
Lobby and we are going to grab a quick
bite to eat and then go to the doctor I
have about 25 minutes until my
appointment starts so Abram is nursing
right now that's why I'm at this weird
angle so yeah I'm headed to the doctor
alone with both kids whoa this is gonna
be fun cuz I've got some toys in my bag
we're gonna stop and grab a bite to eat
and then I've got some formula with me
I've got his little sippy cup that you
guys saw earlier so hopefully this is
gonna go good symphonies always really
well-behaved in doctors offices bowled
he's done Brad the doctor's office and
what did we bring with us our own little
doctor accessories just your average
game of doctor's office kind Zeke where
did she go where is it see I don't have
a name so we're off to go milk a cow
with symphony okay have a library
Stephanie what are you about to go do
and not overkill but I mean not know but
yeah their heads were facing each other
oh that's so sad whoa what is good
castle Oh brushing the teeth when you're
driving listening so we're gonna go
teach you how to milk a cow that's where
milk comes from you know when we eat
cereal in the mornings they come from
cows you already knew that much that
adventure you'll figure out real quick
we've got it made here in the United
States it's about thing I could take 45
minutes but I try you know of course
it's a nice day today
probably cuz I'm done there is this
about this Nina we uh this is probably
the coolest bitch you'll I've ever seen
its milk good for you yeah yes Stephanie
always people that will say are you and
I can win because I can you know pretty
much say you know for the first several
months of our life the only thing we
drink is milk we don't drink apple right
here this 2% milk or one
they don't fit kind of here bet you hey
what really fly off yeah my kids the
good part is yet to come
y'all getting ready for that it's gonna
be very exciting for about 15-20 seconds
and then you'll get bored
most of y'all can hear and I'm waiting
here there's a pulsator in here it's a
little-bitty ticking sound what's going
to happen I'm gonna turn this over and
I'm gonna put it on the cow's udder
it will milk the front in the back it'll
kind of go back and forth kinda like you
know when somebody in their hands tired
to go real big thing was organic then
that's great if that's what makes you
feel better get it but I can tell you
I'm benefits or I'll build ravier over
drinking this job right here and as far
as organic milk and they will stop til
same time so you'll notice so brownie
here has a number around her neck
throughout the home unit I've done this
since I got out of college and we have
we just had our staffing we have people
here from Alabama the Mexico cans is
fixed to start something up in Arizona
so we do this all over but that's kind
of part of what we're doing farmers fund
us to do this I have three cows that I
use I rotate these cows out taking them
in left-right or a different places so I
don't use brownie every single day these
trailers right here I guess is what I'm
saying I wanna cap
she's a pretty cow I don't think you can
we can't touch him we can't touch no but
we can't he said we can I'm sorry sorry
I don't want to get hard something's
very upset that you didn't get the milk
a cow we're gonna we're gonna ask them
why not we have a very important
sometimes we have germs on our hands if
everybody gets in touch which you want
everybody here to touch you best time I
have the cow and even though she really
lacks creeper we just have rules about
that because I go to a lot more places
than this okay you know what I mean I
wish I could I just get tight little
kids like you my review on Southwest
dairy farms milking presentation
well almost triples care I think they
should have done a hand expression of
the milk you know I think most everybody
was expecting that it was pretty sad
that they just used a machine so guys
West Farmers dairy market whatever you
are next time you know encourage us to
do by hand like they used to do it tired
of seeing machines do everything for us
that wasn't that exciting was very
exciting at all actually
what is that symphony oh cool oh stop
crying
girl Sydney will get the move will kill
another day pretty much most of the show
was this guy talking about facts about
farming and milking cows and milk the
different kinds of milk and the process
of getting the milk out turning the milk
talk to open up the cow stuff like that
I was really hoping for a really long
line of milkers child helpers but didn't
happen you gonna go change a book yeah
she's a oh hello what book did you get
what's abram doing what in the world
what are you doing over here you stretch
it push this here you can walk alongside
and everyone's reading mealtime
but it was taking her books little girls
ticking these ebooks boy
interesting he was like why was she
doing that that was a strange thing to
do decide these book just snatch it away
hmm
she missed out while she's feeling for a
little food mmm don't eat it don't eat
it don't eat it don't eat it so Sam and
Eric are going out and singing are here
with the kids
Abram likes speed crawled into
symphonies room with Cuffy and symphony
and he was in there for maybe like five
minutes
soon when he runs out on lotion all over
he and she's like mommy we love shitty
her head look at my baby lotion he's got
like a moment like oh my gosh
wrecking our every men's night out
Chili's
go way back when I see you guys in every
video right our old one I was like my
first video I've ever pushed it to the
YouTube you know we've been discussing
that we miss being rock stars right
we're we dread that stick into
what are y'all playing for like ey4 is
what we're making a flourish share ah
okay wait wait little hands off
okay Cuffy you choose one he's our
friend he gets to choose first I got one
first
okay now Symphony you choose one mommy I
want to join a team or do I create a
team so Sadie and I are registering for
the 2014 foam blow run with Sam and Eric
this is our first one to do ever at
night hey dark blue I don't know what my
number will be I like numbers like mine
in it what number do you want on be
seven today was so busy we went to the
library we came home I worked on some
vlogs as you all well as some of you saw
I had a little bit of a blooper in my
blog we went to swim class after dinner
came straight home fixed that did a
little bit of shopping for some buddies
I had party now we're here just put a
room to bed in my house has not been
touched today seriously so the crazy
thing is that like the literally oh it's
been touched that's what saying he just
said like literally I forgot I forgot to
even put the orange juice away before
swim class what the heck so I'm working
on cleaning up my house
okay where I don't go to shoot Lindsay
and Justin this is Lindsay from the
bridal shoot that Sam showed everyone
look at this gorgeous dress so we're
going to do some pictures in this old
country row there Sam up there getting
ready passionate
everybody hi
you see you
Oh
