hi everyone welcome back to Wednesday's
with Nia today I'm going to be doing our
third week of being a stay-at-home mom
for me I'm gonna be talking about our
budget how I make free time or me time
and also answering the question what I
ever go back to work so I'm gonna start
with alone time and getting housework
done somebody specifically said how are
you able to do it all well let me just
start by saying that first of all I
don't really feel like I do at all there
are many many many days where I feel
like I don't have enough hours in the
day to get everything done that I need
to get done but I'm just gonna give you
guys a little bit of insight into how
I'm able to organize our schedule and
the way that I'm able to fit in making
my wreathes
cleaning the house cooking laundry all
of that I'm able to get free time or a
long time when my children are both
napping they take one afternoon nap at
the same time since symphony was six
months old we've had her on a very
strict routine so in my opinion routine
is key for finding time to do all that
you have to do throughout the day so if
you're one of those people who don't
have a routine and you would like to
start one just decide one day dedicate
it and start and once you start you have
to keep going it's not gonna always be
easy there'll be days when you're like
forget it I'm just not gonna have a
routine they'll take a nap when they're
tired or whatever and then there's also
gonna be days where you have to realize
that they're gonna have to go without
naps so that you can forge through with
your plans have family time or or go to
different events and functions the next
thing on my list to talk about is
budgeting I'm really not the best budget
er I almost feel as if I should leave
this portion out of log because I am
such a terrible budget er but it's a
very real part of being a stay-at-home
mom you do have to budget and you have
to have self-control when it comes to
like spending on things that don't
really matter which I'm really not the
best at so just a few quick tips that
I've learned since staying home and that
I'm still practicing and working on
making habits in my life
first and foremost which is a really fun
one is utilizing yard sales if you're
wanting new decor or just random little
things that spruce up different rooms or
areas of your house or your yard yard
cells are really awesome the Facebook
trades are really awesome these days for
doing yard sales from your computer or
your phone at home
I have found multiple toys for the kids
that would have cost quite a bit of
money and I get them used for cheap baby
clothes different appliances that you
can use furniture decor all kinds of
stuff you can find on the Facebook
trades tips for the grocery store make a
list and stick with it I have the
hardest time doing this I make a list
every single time I go to the grocery
store and I always end up buying more
than what's on my list so that's
something that I'm having to work on and
I'm really really really trying to just
make my list and stick with it
another thing is seeking cheap
alternatives so buying the Walmart brand
versus the name-brand and for me I don't
really see a difference I like the
off-brand just as much as the brand a
really fun way to save money when you're
on a budget is to choose one week out of
each month and make that like your cheap
meal week such as like hot dogs
hamburgers helper or sandwiches
different things like that and make it
fun you know like you could have a
picnic in your living room floor when
it's hot dog night or when it Hamburger
Helper night it could be also movie
night and you guys you know pop in a
movie for a little bit while you're
having dinner I'm really not like an
advocate for TV during dinner but just
once a month I don't think there's
anything wrong with that and my last tip
for budgeting is refreshed don't replace
I am a big advocate of spray-painting
things and making them look new as I'm
sure many of you have seen on the vlogs
I did my pots when we first started
vlogging that was the first project you
guys saw me refresh instead of replaced
I've now done our table the out here on
our patio a tray our salt and pepper
shakers just all kinds of stuff you can
refresh almost anything in your house
and make it look new again for the
longest time Sam and I had these really
old ugly throw pillows on our couch
which our couches are already old and
kind of like needing to be replaced so I
really wanted to get new throw pillows
to brighten up and liven up our living
room throw pillows are so expensive the
really cute ones that are trendy and
modern are like 30 bucks apiece and so I
did a lot of research I even looked at
pillow covers online and I just I could
not find any alternative so finally I
decided to ask a friend of mine he's
like a seamstress to just make me some
and I would pay her she was charging
fairly cheap and I was gonna go forward
with that and get new pillow covers that
way and
I was at Hobby Lobby and I just happened
to stumble across an aisle full of
pillow covers and curtains which were
all half off when I got there so I paid
about two dollars and fifty cents to $5
for each pillow cover and I bought seven
or eight of them and they're really
really cute some are Chevron some are
really vintage some are burlap and then
some are just solid colors to kind of
flow with everything but that to me was
just a really cute way to freshen up the
old ugly pillows I have a couple weeks
to go a few of you asked me if I would
ever go back to work if I had the chance
to do so and my answer to that is no as
much as I really liked my career and I
enjoyed what I was doing that is just no
longer my desire I'm not just to stay at
home mom I'm a homemaker my job is to
make this place pleasant and joyful for
the people that I love I want to create
a safe haven here for them to come for
love open arms joy support encouragement
I'm the one who sets the tone of our
life basically if I'm setting a great
tone within our home a beautiful tone
one with joy and uplifting and
encouragement then they're gonna feel
safe here they're gonna feel like I
can't wait to get home when they're out
in the world and they have a crappy day
they're gonna think about home and
they're gonna want to be there I really
really value that that's my job now and
last but not least I have to answer this
question what is my favorite thing about
being a stay-at-home mom my favorite
thing about being a stay-at-home mom is
being here for the people who need me
Sam Symphony and Abram are the three
most important things in my life and I
am so blessed to be able to be here when
they need me and to me that's just the
most important thing that I could be
doing with my life no amount of money
and no amount of success within a career
is more important than that to me so
that wraps up the question portion of my
stay-at-home moms segment I am gonna do
one final segment for you guys next
Wednesday but this one's gonna be a
little different we're gonna do
something fun and new earlier last month
I announced to you guys that I'm gonna
be doing a collab with one of my friends
who also has a YouTube channel it is
going to involve being a stay-at-home
mom and I really can't wait to show you
guys what we have for y'all so thank you
all once again for listening to me
about being a stay-at-home mom I love it
and I'm so blessed to do it I hope you
all have a wonderful day and we'll see
you all on the blog tomorrow bye we're
gonna go pick some blackberries now at
the orchard and that little election
we're gonna walk all the way around the
back here's the kiddos Titus just hopped
a fence over there I'm learning a lot
about having a little boy from Adrian
just in this few minutes we've been
through so far
