I'm drinking coffee out of my mug from
Charmaine look how cute this is if you
guys saw the PIO vlog from not last
Thursday but the Thursday before that
this was all black with her eyes closed
and her mouth was kind of open like a
yawn maybe I'm not sure but then when
you put a hot coffee in it it all turns
white and her eyes open up like she's
ready for the day isn't that cute
by the same guy loved by the same are
left
and this together so simply likes for me
to talk about the patience that I had
throughout the day
when I come home for breakfast but
before I do that I won't tell you about
some crazy that happened at work today
okay seven eight
so three guys came into the ER lobby
they parked their truck backed it up
close to one of the doors and try to
steal our ATM machine what yes oh my
gosh that's crazy one of the patients
were like ma'am look look look
and the admitting lady looked over there
and she saw two guys sure nuts trying to
steal the ATM is she pulling it out from
the wall and now she saw Oh God so if
she ducked underneath the table and
called 911 one so the triage nurse went
through the door and saw the guys he's
like get the beep and beep out of our
yard and the guys took off running and
they were trying to find out where the
guys were or what they look like on
those surveillance cameras last I
checked before I left they weren't able
to find him on those rounds but the
police were chasing him around the
building and they ended up catching one
and there's still one out there I think
but yes pretty bad pretty crazy
all right I'm gonna talk to Stephanie
without vlogger she just requested that
I put the vlogger down didn't need to
talk to me
okay mami and symphony are doing a fun
craft what is this Symphony I think he
can in a donkey a donkey that's so cool
how do you do it
it's Pig stickers and balloons cool
anyway let him do it doggy today okay
pick your color balloon which one do you
want
green green balloon cool now we're doing
a tiger we're about to do his stripes oh
my goodness was cute scary tiger so
Abram is taking his morning nap and
symphony and I are doing our little
craft time no you guys can agree my
paint blends back then I pick again yeah
they can see it Hey we're getting ready
to go to the peach orchard here in town
with some friends of ours Andrea and
even her two crows le and tonight we're
all sharing some good ol barbecue even a
broom it's late it's so funny that it's
located in parallel because it's like
known for the best like barbecue ice
cream like fresh produce around this
area even more so like the taste and the
flavor to me and better than what I get
at farmer's market lighting right so
yeah this place is really cool it's got
like miles and miles of peaches and
trees of stuff back that way which I
think we might check out order the pork
sandwich it is so delicious
it's like barbecue but instead of having
barbecue something it was cooked with
we'll do something like that we're gonna
go pick some blackberries now at the
orchard this little section right here
seems to be pretty much dead and dried
up so we're gonna walk all the way
around to the back and here's the kiddos
Titus just hopped a fence over there oh
goodness I'm learning a lot about having
a little boy from Andrea just in this
few minutes we've been together so far
they're two different worlds night and
day boys and girls oh they're so cute
they're just like all these little
dangly things are their little bell
peppers we're assuming they're bell
peppers so they have a little bitty
seeds and it smells a lot like did y'all
find berries oh look I was expecting a
bunch of screams see the spider do you
all see him he's wiggling no he's just
taking a nap in the shade what do you
think about that
okay I know I know what it what are the
green little pods right over here
they're little bitty pod oh my gosh I
did like my fingers but yeah okay so not
a bell pepper sound cold oh oh maybe
they're both dry they're so deceiving
because they look like they're it's all
dried it's gonna be kind of like a
pickle yeah we found we found the red
ones
pick one says see my head is hot yeah
it's very hot about Abraham's getting
like overheated over here bud he's
pretty red maybe we should go in in a
little bit
we're hot and sweaty the other kids
might instill their dreams okay so what
were you saying
I said in our class my teacher mr.
Springer he's 33 from West Point yes now
we had mr. Springer and after your last
question guys
oh my gosh up to us you washed it mr.
Poole why oh my gosh won't play nice
though showing our video that's crazy
I would not have expected that how cool
so your name is Caitlin my grade are you
in I'm gonna be a junior oh cool that's
awesome funny I mean yeah we Jennifer's
in the vlog selfie together
everyone hands Orchard has recognized
Rico
guys are so cute this is my spoils from
hands orchard
peaches farmhouse pickle a basket of
squash we're outside letting the kids
finish up their ice cream and we're
taking a rest making four kids two hands
are just a little more tiring than you
might think it's no baby are you happy
to be free he was having a meltdown in
the stroller this is a Browns first time
to eat a pickle today we got farmhouse
pickles from hams orchard today my
favorite kind of pickles they taste very
like homemade for all of you safety
gurus out there don't worry I'm not
giving you a mini peeling I'm biting
that part off no but anyways swim class
was canceled for tonight I think because
it started storming the storm has
stopped and it's not raining or
thundering anymore but it's still really
cloudy and yucky outside so I don't know
if we're gonna have swim class or not
I'm just waiting on a phone call I also
got to really large shipments of boxes
today this I got this one and this one
the second one's too heavy for me to
move in the house by myself so I wait
till Sammy but it can help me with that
we're at the rainy day swim class
talking about our days that we had to
sandy had a cray-cray day and I had some
cray-cray news for her right now oh my
gosh
really girl word so there they are over
there there I learned some really cool
new effects on making vlogs today did
you guys notice there were words on our
blog yesterday I learnt how to do that
it took me 30 minutes how to put words
in the video and also learning how to
layer my Photoshop no I still don't
believe that well go listen to your
teacher
over here Stephanie presentation your
hair looks nice would you do different
today I washed it at night and I'm put
it in a bun yeah put your face and water
before you can pick up you says you're
right yeah put your face in
would you add that to headed back y'all
are so cray-cray
oh my goodness where's Tiffany well the
kiddos are in bed the dishwasher is
running and I have to get started on
some wreath work I've got my boxes over
here and what I'm working on first is a
tutu wreath these are the things I need
for my tutu wreath you need tool a foam
wreath base and my customer asked for
the letter C to be on the wreath this is
my first actual tutu wreath to be making
I've made my own version of it before
and done similar things to this but I've
never actually made an official tutu
reads as an order so I'm really excited
to do this I think it's gonna be really
cool for my business I love adding new
product into my wreath page and my
website I'm just one of those people who
like to constantly be learning something
new and learning how to improve what I
already know how to do now it's time for
our doc McStuffins party update we have
five days before the big day
tonight's project is a banner with
symphonies name on it I haven't started
it yet so I'll have to show you guys
this on tomorrow's update but what I'm
making is a banner with her name on it
these little banners are at Walmart for
97 cents
it's the perfect colors it's pink purple
and turquoise in case you can't tell
that looks really green on my screen but
in real life it's actually turquoise and
so I also have these sparkly letters to
put on the banner which these are also
like less than a dollar at craft stores
and so I'm just gonna make my own banner
with symphonies name on it
I do plan on buying actual happy
birthday banners at Party City later on
this week but for the one that said
Symphony I wanted it to be my own touch
and possibly something that she can add
to her room later on that's not just
strictly doc McStuffins themed well I
need to get started on all of my crafty
projects for tonight otherwise I'm going
to
like no sleep so I'm gonna go ahead and
say goodnight to guys it's been a great
day and we will see you all on
tomorrow's vlog alright guys I'm off to
work I'm sorry I didn't get to say
goodbye to you yesterday so let me say
goodbye to you double time don't forget
don't forget we love you we love you
love you I really enjoy watering the
garden in the summertime like the really
hot days like today because Cynthiana I
usually end up playing in the water a
little bit what's in your hand
flour food today is fertilizer day we
fertilize like once um you're guilty you
are guilty
hey bro knocked over the trash but
you're cute your dude
