it's potluck Sunday today at church and
I am making some cheesecake with cherry
topping to go my brother you are my
sister made by the same guy loved by the
same
in this together i'ma play over there
there's the girls say hi what are you
guys all eating Abram what are you doing
Abraham's eating macaroni with me
someone has been mr. crankypants today
so we are going to clean the kitchen
together after dinner we made some
awesome chicken enchiladas today the
best I've ever made
let me see if I can think of the recipe
I used white Dror tortillas three
seasoned chicken breast seasoned with
like all kinds of different herbs and I
added like chili powder chopped onions
and cream of chicken to the pan while I
was cooking the chicken and the sauce
that I used was a salsa verde enchilada
sauce and you mix it with mayonnaise
with lime juice inside of it and you can
find it on like the Mexican food aisle
it just has like the best mixture of
sweet / tangy and it was really good Sam
had four servings of it that means I did
a good job on it Sammy boy is at work
and it's time for me to water my garden
on my way to work hey Dylan I am just so
bruised up and sore from playing airsoft
I also have a lot of
that one up there that is not better
from an airsoft BB straight to forehead
some moment way to work and I'm thinking
about painting the house I'm going to
get it done this week for sure I'm going
to start the pressure washing on
Thursday and I'm going to pick a paint
color that's where I need you guys we
are so cool of what to paint the house I
think that's why we've waited so long as
you paint the house because
were called a paint
it's this like really dark red color
they don't want to stick with that color
so for you guys out there who know a lot
about paint and house colors and stuff
like that I'll give you a shot at the
brick one again
I really enjoy watering the garden in
the summertime like the really hot days
like today because simpie and I usually
end up playing in the water a little bit
what's in your hand flower food today is
fertilizer day we fertilize like once a
month with the plant food that we have
and I really see a difference with it it
seems to really help things like be more
full and in bloom and bright and just
like opened up a little bit more the
next few days it stinks because it's
just so hot that I feel like whatever
this fertilizer is doing for our plants
it doesn't last them so if you have any
serious suggestions on colors for the
house please let me know or let us know
in the comment section if we're not
picking the colors you suggest to us
we'll do something to show our
appreciation for you guys it looks like
my strawberries have just like had it
this summer I don't know if it's the
heat I'm not watering them enough but
yeah they look like they're done it is a
hundred so hopefully it's not that help
I start
I think that's too hot house if the
temperature and weather is right I'll
paint the house of those that have a
I'm coming for you whoa
your game
just practicing for the birthday party
this weekend
Oh
so here is a small update on Symphony's
party planning I've got the little party
favors all lined up and ready to go
aren't they cute though these little
doctor's kids full of little goodies for
the kiddos to play check up on each
other and with their toys
don't let these cute little bags fool
you they were hard to assemble it took
me about an hour and a half to get all
these ready I think there's like 20 of
them
this little box over here is full of
just little decorations this we're gonna
hang on the door and it's going to say
the doc is in there's a peek into my
little craft bin all kinds of little
decorations and stuff like that ethic
countdown is on it's six days away and
so what I'm trying to get done is one
major project a day maybe tonight what
I'll do is make a list of the things I
need to pick up at the store like the
Inc little things for the food and
decorations I think that's what I'll do
tomorrow keep you guys updated tomorrow
stay tuned every day this week to see an
update on symphonies birthday party
planning and then you guys will see the
awesome finale on Saturday we'll be
having her party so then you guys will
see the video uploaded on Sunday
