to give
and this together the kiddos and I are
at home getting ready to go to a
birthday party today another one two
birthday parties in a row and this is
another water birthday party so it's
gonna be a lot of fun but first symphony
has something very important to show
everyone what in the world is this
you have your own birthday tree with
presents under it haha whoa who gave you
those presents oh so this past Christmas
I got symphony this little pink tree at
Hobby Lobby and since Christmas
oh it's getting darker since Christmas
is over we've used it for several
holidays I'm figuring you I'm not
pointing at you through the window I see
him I'm at Sandy's house picking up her
and cut for the birthday party fellow
viewers today is a special day today we
meet Kerry shit oh yes she isn't
expiring no not expiring when we make
that Aris fire
she's an aspiring actress Oh Kerry was
in a pilot called sevenson and the real
housewives of One Direction
baby today this is Terry's boyfriend
Jonathan I don't mean to be rude
super smart he builds robot I hope we
make the kite period Sandy's little
sister and so I've known her for a few
years now
she's always been our little tag-along
oh good good
Sandy's cleaning off the baby oh no you
are just so cute you are covered
Symphony what did you say on the way
here about Abram yeah she knows I hear
somebody going here you know like watch
she goes you Abraham's he's got nasty
all over him and a messy bib that son
kids go ahead and get in you can just
play the part
yeah that's to wipe it off where did
they did you water gun wars who's gonna
win so right now we're playing team
deathmatch three kills and you got to
get out of the game
I can't move baby guys come to me pick
it out a little bitty slide and she
doesn't want to do it got them in the
buddy home mother no cookie what are you
doing you sneaky boy it's the birthday
boys turn your car
I don't think you're old enough
what kind of tattoo corner lunch now 1/2
subway today it's going great we played
about what how many games we played 605
probably been at least 100 at least
there's about 15 minute games that
should go by pretty quick when you get
shot at time flies my inner thighs are
starting to shape Justin stop sandwiches
with your brother grant here he wanted
to take a style blog tomorrow say how
your brother his sister what's up guys
love you guys thanks for watching our
vlog guys what are you looking what is
it
these are alive in there so the airsoft
environment which is kinda like a war
zone it merely just sit around talk
about guns and equipment the West we're
going to the west and you're shooting
with a handgun this time you're going to
use just a handgun just named gun Bob
all right so here's how this works you
put your little babies in here you load
them to plastic feedings they put the
magazine into the mag well just this
here you can't load it while you're out
here you got to wait take it on the
field okay you got to keep your gun on
safe at all times when you're not though
it's probably known as the best airsoft
playing around right wasn't you Chris so
Chris here I'm giving up the best and
but I mean bow their answer from air so
can we still get a shirt surf in airsoft
they have a channel so if you guys are
into airsoft check them out
Wow maybe was going from chair to chair
begging for cake he's trying to keep
cookie we'll give him some young
symphony didn't fall for it
what would you call yourself an expert
intermediate beginner I would call
myself airsoft enthusiast
so are there professional air software
what would your best advice be for
somebody just starting or just getting
into airsoft
I would say don't buy too cheap like
online you can find guns that look cool
for like $30 and $40 you go I'll buy
that
and in there guns are all the way up to
you know three four five six hundred
dollars I would say is don't go to
Chinna and don't before you know if you
love the sport don't buy something hey
Abram and I had to come in the house to
cool off a little bit he was getting
really fussy outside he's just super hot
right now
you know a lot of work being here this
party makes me really really excited and
ready to do Symphony's birthday party I
have all the stuff ready at home I keep
going through it looking at it and just
you know like thinking of all the plans
I have in my
and making lists of stuff and I'm just
ready to get started on my little
projects the little party favors I'm
putting together this is gonna be me a
few days so I'm excited about it she's
having so much fun here with all the
little kids but she won't go down the
waterslide and I don't understand that
you guys saw yesterday on the vlog she
went down the huge slide at Hawaiian
Falls what is up with it I'm a honey in
the corner of the bus I don't know what
to do we're completely surrounded before
I don't think we're gonna make surfing
Tina's going inside the castle
we have to defend the castle we're back
home from the birthday party and I am
cleaning up the house it is such a
disaster I'm checking out this really
cool water bottle from the Ramsey family
thank you guys it is really squishy
watch
hey team hey don't you really fire
brother fuck that's good
come out alright guys thanks for coming
out with us - fun on the run my GoPro
Don I get to say goodbye so don't forget
we surrender
