made by the same guy loved by the same
heart
to give
in this together we're we going we are
at Hawaiian Falls for a birthday party
sippin friend's birthday party his name
is Jonathan he's a little boy that my
mom used to watch she's a nanny my mom
is a nanny and she used to babysit so
we're gonna have a good fun-filled day
we neighbors was bathing in the Sun a
tumor in his feet Oh Nia wouldn't let me
wear my speed out but everything out
through our hitch Beto gives little
crabs on it
you're gonna go swimming
yeah you can touch the ground now yay
Tiffany and I are back we want a very
big slide huh look at that slide on this
she's so brave I'm a little bit worried
for her actually yeah that's right at 42
inches we have a rival applause we're
waiting for daddy and symfony to come
down the slide
a little bit I could not believe that
she was not on the same mommy's feet are
burning
just down off the halfpipe Hawaiian
halfpipe nothing was scarier than the
looks you look great oh there's some
awesome brain
Nana's got the kids so we're taking
advantage of this time together I'm
gonna go write another big ride
you wipe out they get on the rush
come on honey
ah so here I am at Hawaii Falls with my
little friend Scott
Hayden's
Scott whoops
with ania where adult can be a kid again
excuse me you're in the wrong line so
there's three lines here there's a
yellow line that's been scraped away as
a green line and the blue line pool in
the Green Line the pool looks fun but is
completely enclosed and I'll take the
GoPro we'll be able to pick up anything
inside so well the green one for you
guys so we're actually at the first
Hawaiian Falls that was ever built in
Garland completely Christian theme we
usually go to slash Kingdom in Canton
and it's also like family and Christian
oriented but sorry watch big numbers out
there this waterpark is awesome you guys
in the waterproof case oh wow that one
was awesome they tell us we can't wear
flip-flops so we have to take my shoes
off as you can see no shoes when we
looked over there
we still behave room just sleep across
we're going on
wasn't sleeping
so killed them
simply what are you doing
time for the topito ride but this one
you stand and I think the floor just
like gives out from underneath your feet
so here's what we do I'm gonna hold a
GoPro once and get like my view of my
feet falling and then you're gonna hold
it once to get the really faceball
now
Sharleen again festival
back to the key Kiko this is where we're
staying for the birthday party we just
got done with a big ride that's what
Peter that's really good coincidence
that we have in the terminal at full
today because my twin brother moved to
Hawaii today we believe that that's when
brother Michael with Andre is newly Wed
the move is worldwide we're gonna miss
him though now we don't have any reason
to go to San Diego he was the only
reason we had to go back we're all from
San Diego by the way me and my twin
brother my mom who's right
we had to rush out of the water park we
were all having so much fun we lost
track of time and Sam and I have a photo
shoot here in about two hours Anna is
gonna watch the kiddos while we go on
our photo shoot and we're ready by her
house to give her stuff and then we're
gonna go home and change and rush back
out it was a lot of time I've had so
much fun there I would definitely want
to come back here watching simply go to
you know what
my favorite part was the lazy river that
was like the only time that Sam Symphony
Abram and I were all together at the
same time I don't know I also had a lot
of fun of having a long time with Sam
all right so we're getting ready to head
off to the photo shoot and this photo
shoot is pretty special to me because
I've never done this type of photo shoot
before that's a day after shoot and I'm
starting to offer this with my wedding
packages
it's basically cuts out the time that I
do newlywed photos during the wedding
day and does it the next day of the
wedding instead of the day after you and
drive I gotta do a little bit of
studying while you're driving but um
I'm gonna try out a couple techniques
that I've never got to use them had time
for during a wedding like I'm gonna use
a prison did you see my photos I bought
this a long time ago but I've never got
to shoot with it yet I like going on
during these sheets with Sam because
we're leaving the house a little bit
after 6:30 and so Abraham's gonna start
getting ready for bed in less than two
hours and I feel like it gives me a
chance to get away with Sam and not like
really miss out a whole bunch of hours
with Abram because it's pretty much his
little day is over okay we're at our
photo shoot Lindsay and Justin this is
Lindsay from the bridal shoot that Sam
showed everyone look at this gorgeous
dress so we're gonna do some pictures in
this old country road there's Sam up
there getting ready
passionate kiss Sam at work
it's awesome
all that really terrific surface
Sam is doing the burn Iser method right
now Mike here's the thing I was just
talking about setting up and so Sam is
down there trying to get the sign real
good it up close watch her dress is just
beautiful man you running out look at
that beautiful Sun back there you guys
see it it's very tiny but it's right
there it's really big for us but I just
want to come out here and have a
romantic shot with the end just take a
picture I'm gonna stop for a sec so the
shooting really well Prizm check it out
I'll show you what I can do with it well
it's you can do like interesting stuff
like this it's a little bit different
with this camera you feel like splits
like flip their horizon I'll put the
horizon on top of sky you can
you can do this
this serves as a mirror turn it this way
just like throw different school effects
in there see the road and I don't know
that's fun just to play with it's really
cool because we have the Sun on this
side people are honking at us and we
have the moon on this side right there
right there let me say goodbye while I'm
on this cool bridge alright guys don't
forget don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other bye I'm
going to show you guys some of the
pictures I did at the end of this video
so stay tuned after the in slate and I'm
going to show you some of the photos I
got today all right bye
we just got back from the post office
and we have a pretty big haul today
thank you guys
yeah thanks guys we just got done eating
lunch I had Smalley's okay so we get to
the post office I'm gonna be in charge
of opening the packages so here we go so
we get to the post office and inside the
little mailbox it had a note
