good morning everyone somebody and I are
sitting here at the breakfast table with
Abram Sam just went to go get dressed or
something and so symphony and I are
talking about some new things we're
going to start today we had some really
cool recommendations from you guys on
entertainment for toddlers and two of
them that really stood out to me a lot
of them stood out but two of them that
really stood out to me and I want to
start today work from Daniel James and
step one is called word of the day and
the other one is going to be a drawing
project
by the same guy love butter stay hard
to give
and theirs together what do you want our
word of the day to be today yogurt we
can't do yogurt for our word of the day
symphony has who yogurt with her
breakfast yeah yeah okay our neighbor
found a snakeskin and so he's showing
symphony and we're gonna go check it out
she loves going to the neighbor's house
symphony did you see the snakeskin let's
go check out this snakeskin it's just a
part of it we just got back from the
post office and we have a pretty big
haul today thank you guys
yeah thanks guys we just got done eating
lunch I had tamales
okay so we get to the post office I'm
gonna be in charge of opening the
packages so here we go so we get to the
post office and inside the little
mailbox it had a note okay everyone
really likes the packages too he's shirt
anyway it had a note that said 1684
bucket of parcels so we go ring the
little doorknob and literally there was
like a bucket of all these parcels it
came from Elizabeth I know that because
I just sent her one thank her a little
bit how crazy I'm at your package today
and I got yours in you got a book what
book is it where is the green sheep oh
thank you
sniffing ease very own coloring book we
got to teach our lesson you can use an S
on it and show ownership of something
that means it belongs to you oh my
goodness
an Australian classic oh my gosh this is
awesome I think salmon who are excited
what's that one called we're going on a
bear hunt 25th anniversary edition
watercolors
I bet that's to go with your very own
coloring book
Sam Neos Athena Abram possum magic it
was the one year the every Australian
child grows up on so I hope you enjoy
lots of love live oh look at the cute
detail she did on the packaging the
symphony said let's open this one first
mommy it's the prettiest thank you so
much Elizabeth that is so awesome we do
love reading to our kids and our kids
enjoyed looks very much but you said the
perfect theme thank you so much for
thinking about them yeah at the end of
your busy day I thought you could relax
with these face mask sheets
oh my gosh that's a snake venom where's
that cobra snail oh my gosh this is
awesome I'm very curious to see how this
is gonna turn out oh stop please version
of brownie they are really popular here
in Japan I wonder what you will think of
them please enjoy them
this says symphony I hope you will enjoy
making and eating these ice cream shapes
sweets I've never made them before so I
hope they taste good I'm cool cool some
Japan socks
hey I'm sorry if the socks socks don't
fit Japanese guys feet are small buddy
oh cool the little toe socks these are
stickers
no they're stickers
yeah they're all stickers dears amnio
Symphony and Abram hello my name is
Joanna and I'm a British girl then you
seem like a really nice family thank you
so much Joanna that's awesome we love
everything the mess I cannot wait to try
out I'll probably vlog about it when I
do it
Thank You Joanne that one alright just
head right here this one got damaged box
candy box for well this is my box Sam
keep calm and keep body three weight
that is awesome I'll have to like add
that to the intro thank you
you got some candy from England this is
from Anna Livingston from Oxford Alabama
spiderweb she made you here buzz ribbon
forgot a tricky packaging over here a
package inside of a package and son of a
by 5 what we got
dear friends let us love one another for
love comes from God everyone who loves
has been born of God and knows God love
another yeah and every one that loveth
is born of God and knoweth God I learned
this when I was little I can keep going
I'm kind of getting a little shy over
here but is it from what's your name
Anna let me thank you Anna this is
really cool
Lorraine sent us a lot of goodies Sam
what did you get she got me some extreme
style funky shape or wax I always like
to try new as many activity books Thank
You Lorraine fourth activity books a
little treasure chest and the hair gel
and for this cute flower for our garden
I'm super excited about this thing it's
nice and big this little envelope is
from Sam something sorry the covered of
your name I love photography as well as
love to watch a GoPro shot you spirally
purchase a GoPro here through myself one
of those I love your blogger because I'm
a Christian I'm DVD with GoPro videos on
it converting it before so you can watch
them on computer easily excited to look
at that
Thanks this is from Jonathan Mason where
we got somebody's book yes my father
before he went home to heaven thought
you could squeeze time into your busy
day to read enjoy it then flight by
Sammy Mason oh cool it's powerful story
of how God can move in our lives if we
Sammy was not merely a bold pilot he was
a bold Christian Thank You Jonathan
Mason for that book from your dad looks
really cool appreciate it
she got me a mango spot best camera lens
through most stainless steel cup cool 24
to 100 millimeter lens it is I don't
actually have this lens so that's
exciting who has a really nice coffee
with oh you're gonna take pictures no I
just want to go drink my coffee Charlene
you're so thoughtful sending all this
stuff and you said some in the last P o
hall that we did but there's no return
address for you thank you thank you
thank you for thinking of us for sending
us those gifts it's really awesome we
both enjoy drinking coffee in the
morning so there go Sammy open in
another one okay for me I think it is
for me cuz lik does four of them oh wait
that one's probably mine bezel buzz kids
blow dandelion fuzz
I don't be doing whatever snow does in
summer Kayla
oh look at K this photo how cute fits
great thanks there are symphonies okay
ma'am oh my gosh you got a Hobby Lobby
gift card Josh Turner man stuff thoughts
of faith family fatherhood oh nice oh
wow like that cool book what's it called
tots tails come over here Symphony that
looks like a fun book look symphony seem
like that's an alligator tail Alai until
a monkey
awesome skills wag tails
fluffy tails stringy pants and as you
can see I love this book I can't wait to
read it - it looks like so much fun and
for Abram they're both gonna love this
book
thank you so much Manson there's a
Banton family didn't you get oh wow look
at my hair holy smokes I had no idea
that is crazy look you see where's the
head than that Oh why are you Aggie
it's a scratch-and-sniff it's not you is
it stinky please help
oh it's for your birthday you can't open
it yet I hope you have a wonderful
birthday and I wish you the best taking
some Branson family Katy micaela and
belen I don't know Banton family in it
okay there's no instructions on waiting
so we're gonna open it right now just no
white Lego set
Sammy just sat down he's gonna take a
look at the book well guys as you can
see in the background we are done with
our P o box haul here are the remnants
over here are the gifts and back here is
the family enjoying the things that
you've given us thank you guys so much I
know I say this every week because
somebody was quoting me on Instagram
another day but really thank you guys
it's so awesome we just really
appreciate you guys thank you for taking
an interest in our family and very
exciting so this is the quartet ODIs fu
we received it a couple weeks ago from a
fan from Brazil I'm not really sure what
that translates to in English but it's a
puzzle and I guess you have to fit all
these T's inside of this box so right
now I'm just gonna try to solve this
okay keep going that way
space what in the world so the object is
to fit all the T's in the box maybe
they're different sizes that fit there
no oh here we go
I figured it out how to get them all in
the box salt just kidding okay let's go
crooked no it's a seriously possible I'm
missing something here
wait if I can just get three inside this
box they'll be happy up there we go got
three okay so three and four just
kidding have a sudden you guys are
looking at me like I'm stupid
I just did that
wait what I did it awesome there it is
the quartet ODIs a Pheo
boom to each other everybody
and you started kicking and paddling
like you're supposed to
