hey everyone welcome back to Wednesday's
with Mia today I'm gonna be talking
about segment number two of being a
stay-at-home mom I'm gonna answer a
couple of questions that you guys
proposed to me on our Facebook page a
couple weeks ago and those were what do
I do to keep symphony entertained and
what do we do about TV in our house and
I figured that those things kind of go
hand in hand because TV can be a form of
entertainment so first I want to talk
about how we do TV in our house we don't
really like TV in our house Sam and I
are both pretty much against it we're
very strict about how she can watch TV
and even when she's visiting with her
grandmother's we ask that they don't
have the TV on a lot up until a couple
of months ago we were basically just
like against TV with her and we would
let her watch it occasionally but for
the most part if she would say can i
watch TV we would give her an O one
thing that I learned from saying no all
the time is that it's just making her
want it more so within the last couple
of months what we've started to do is
set aside time that she can have for TV
she's allowed 30 minutes in the morning
and 30 minutes in the evening to watch
TV and there were some days where she
doesn't even do that but we do have
those times set aside for her so that
she's not like wanting it and asking for
it all day long I noticed that she was
starting to get really like mopey when
we would tell her no she she would kind
of just want to lay around she wouldn't
want to go play with the toy and so I
started thinking and doing a little bit
of research it's probably the no that's
upsetting her more than the fact that
she can't watch TV so we just turned it
into a guess if she asks at a time where
we don't want her to watch TV we'll just
tell her sure you can watch TV tonight
when Abraham's ready to go to bed that's
usually when she watches it at night
when I'm nursing him to put him to bed
we pretty much only allow educational TV
in our house occasionally we'll let her
watch you know like Tangled obviously we
watch frozen sometimes right now she's
really into the movie Cloudy with a
Chance of Meatballs number two and so we
just limit when she can watch those
types of movies like those are like
special occasions like movie nights or
something like that so during her set
movie time throughout the day she
watches educational shows we really like
the wild kratts leapfrog has a lot of
stuff that children can learn from art
there's a good one
we don't watch Caillou in this house he
is just way too whiny I'm sure a lot of
you moms just laughed right then
those are just a few that we that we
like and we encourage her to watch when
she's watching her TV time also when
she's having her TV time Sam and I tried
to engage with her like if the show is
encouraging her to get up and dance or
do some kind of a exercise you know
we'll encourage her to get up and do it
or we'll ask her questions about what
she's watching the wild kratts are
really educational about like animals
when they're learning about like geckos
or something we'll just kind of ask her
a question like wow did you hear what
they said about that what do you think
of that
or like wow did you know that geckos
could change colors you know just to
kind of reiterate what they're saying
like so she's hearing it again just
keeping her engaged and not just like a
zombie watching TV another thing that we
like to happen when sympathy's watching
TV it doesn't always is that she
understands like this is TV time this
isn't playtime we are really trying to
help her learn to stay focused on one
task at a time and we feel like playing
with this toy while watching TV and like
playing here then looking at the screen
playing here looking at the screen I
just don't feel like that's benefiting
her in any way she's not fully learning
what this show is trying to tell her and
she's not fully engaged in her activity
at hand so there's times where she does
both but that's our goal over the course
of her life I've done a lot of reading
and a lot of research over what's good
what's healthy what's unhealthy for kids
who want to watch TV for ages one to two
years old TV past 30 minutes really
isn't encouraged you know it really kind
of stunts the development of their brain
and it's best for them at those ages to
be engaged with their hands and working
on things putting things together
fitting puzzles together so 30 minutes
of TV is all that's recommended for a
healthy amount of TV for the ages of one
to two first symphony is age three to
five years old it doesn't become
unhealthy until you breach one to two
hours worth of TV and so I think that's
very reasonable and the reason for all
of these limitations with the TV is
basically just because their brains are
sponges right now they are learning so
quickly and soaking everything up that
we say to them that we teach them that
we show them and it's just not good for
them to use this valuable time in their
lives in front of the TV pass the amount
of time that's said to be healthy
I mean obviously I'm no expert this is
just what I've learned and what Sam and
I expect for our kids in our house and I
think it really works it seems to be
like going pretty well for symphony
right now she's no longer like begging
for TV or begging for movie time okay so
I just told you that Symphony watches
about an hour of TV per day so what do
we do for the rest of those hours a lot
of you were wanting to know how I keep
her entertained throughout the day
symphony and I do a lot of crafts she's
very artistic
she loves to paint and do things with
her hands she likes to build things she
just loves to create things what I've
noticed about symphony is that she likes
to see something go from like nothing
into something really cool she loves
having her school time where she learns
how to write her letters or she's
learning how to spell different words
right now she knows how to spell her
name that's a really good accomplishment
am i right so she can spell symphony cat
we're working on dog she's got it but
she's kind of like hesitant towards the
end and we're also working on the word
bug I don't know why she told me she
wanted to learn how to spell that word
so we do spend some time at the library
each week that's a very very educational
and fun way to keep your child
entertained throughout the day and they
just they love it it starts up an
interest for them to enjoy reading and
the earlier you can do that the better
we have outside time every day even in
the scorching hot I don't know if you
can tell by this video right now but
it's about like 2 o'clock in the
afternoon and the Sun is like beating
down on me it is so hot but it's okay
but we still spend at least 20 to 40
minutes outside each day sometimes it's
the morning sometimes it's the evening
sometimes we do both it's worth it to
deal with the heat and just take your
kids outside and play watch them
observing the world around them learning
exploring I love it what's so cool about
going outside too is that you don't
always have to like have an activity
planned for outside symphony can step
out the doors and immediately her
imagination is like all over the place
she's really into mushrooms right now
and she likes to pick the mushrooms out
of the yard and go plant them in the
garden another thing that helps keep
Symphony entertained is engaging with me
and our housework I try to find fun ways
for her to be in clue
what I'm doing whether I'm doing the
dishes cooking a meal doing laundry
sweeping mopping it doesn't matter I can
find a fun way to let her be engaged and
she really enjoys that when you engage
your children and chores and housework
it gives them a value a sense of you
know respect and love for their home and
their family and taking care of those
things I have a few crafts that I want
to share with you that I've done with
Symphony and that she really enjoys and
these can be very time-consuming you can
entertain a toddler for quite a while
with a craft there was something fun
that they can do with their hands that
that's artsy a zoo Symphony and I made
this zoo together a couple weeks ago all
we did was get popsicle sticks for like
a dollar at Walmart little sticker
animals to go on or in your zoo and we
taped the sticks together to make like a
square a little home we also made a roof
for it but I am bringing the roof out
here this project took about a half an
hour and once we were done making the
zoo it took another like 20 minutes for
her to pick which animals she wanted to
go on it which one she wants to go on
inside
she decided where the zoo was gonna stay
in the house I mean it was just a very
fun yet time-consuming project that we
did together but then once we were done
she was also able to play with it
independently
she still plays with this and she has
these little stickers are all over my
house but she has a lot of fun with this
little zoo and she loves that her little
animals have a home we haven't actually
used this one yet but it's a sheet of
magnets and this again is like a dollar
at a craft store and what you can do is
just glue like a sticker or a shape to
the top part of the magnet then cut it
out and it's a magnet we've done this in
the past with pictures and we gave them
out as gifts at my baby shower for Abram
so it's a really fun cool inexpensive
way to keep your child entertained one
of my new favorite discoveries chalk
paint this stuff is the bomb you guys
you can make it yourself at home I
bought some because I saw it and was
like whoa what is this
so I saw a link posted to Facebook on
how to make your own and it looks really
simple and it's just regular household
items that
you know you probably all have in
yourselves so chalk paint it comes with
little brushes and you just paint on the
sidewalk sidewalk chalk is another
alternative and it's a very fun
inexpensive way to entertain your
children Symphony loves to paint I'm not
sure if you can see what this is it's a
little rainbow on top of some clouds
there are five dollars and it comes with
six different plasters and she gets to
do one a day so that's almost a week's
worth of crafting for your toddler and
Symphony loves it you can also make your
own just Google how to make your own
plaster shapes or whatever you just like
make the plaster dough put a cookie
cutter in it and let it harden and then
it's just like you know a little shape
that they can paint or color marker on
whatever we like to paint this is them
Phinney's castle and we made it out of
several different things when Abram was
first born and we got him on a schedule
where he was taking regular morning naps
every morning at the same time I started
looking up things that I could do with
symphony to show her that I really want
to spend a long time with her when he's
in bed so the pillars for the castle is
like paper towel rolls you don't have to
use little foam pieces you could cut out
a triangle from some cardboard and glue
it on the top but anyway so we used
toilet paper rolls and little foam
triangles we glued it all together
symphonie had a canvas that she had
painted it was mine and I gave it to her
to paint on so we used that as like the
base of the castle this is some material
from my wreaths that I had leftover in
its grass right here we made a flower
garden also from leftover flowers that I
use for my wreath and we used popsicle
sticks to make like a fence around it
and the front gate but anyway she had
this little princess crown and a sticker
that she had painted like over a year
ago just in her craft drawer and we just
put this together so what she has
started to do with it is store other
random craft pieces inside of the castle
occasionally I'll find a little princess
down inside there hanging out in the
princess castle but now this was just a
really fun
thing it took quite a while to do I
broke it up into little segments because
like I said we did it when Abram would
nap and so one day we gathered the
pieces for it we cut them all to the
right links the next day we glued it
together a few days later we painted it
we worked on this project over the
course of probably two weeks until it
was finally done all right well there
you have it I hope I've answered all of
your questions about what we do in our
free time and how we feel about TV in
our home join me next Wednesday for
segment number three of my life as a
stay-at-home mom I'm really really
enjoying doing this whole segment thing
with you guys what do you all think
about it do you like it do you like the
more random videos that I upload on
Wednesdays I'd love to know what you
think I would love to hear what you guys
have to say about keeping your children
entertained obviously any ideas that you
have I would love to hear it I'm always
looking for new crafts to do with
symphony new things to make or ways to
get her engaged with me at home I hope
you guys all have a blessed day and we
will see you on tomorrow's vlog bye so
I'm going to share with you a series of
Bible verses that really explain how and
why we put our husbands first so in the
beginning of time in Genesis God said in
Genesis 2:18 I will make him a helper
for her to watch a lot of TV there's a
spider on the camera
