I did not know you got me I really did
it I got because you're so brave it's a
bow and arrow such a tough girl I
thought you needed something to show
your bravery do you love your bow so you
shoot these with the bow you pull back
and you guys like stick it to windows
and stuff Cutler look yeah
by the same guy loved by the same heart
we've got to live
and this together but what are you
wearing Symphony trailer yeah see you
line up your boat right that little and
then you have a shoot about the first
time a chance to hold your bow
I've been hold your arrow got it pull
back
pull back and then let go Wow well the
first time I think it forever
Nia and I had a breakfast clash I
brought down for the first time on a
Monday and she's getting ready to cook
us eggs and sausage and stuff and I
brother doughnuts because Symphony hurt
her lip and I want to surprise her with
her favorite breakfast which is doughnut
holes
good morning pal I found the wasps I
just kicked the hose and a bunch of
water came flying I think there's a wasp
nest underneath the hose holder there it
is see it don't get me well we don't
have any wasp sprayer buck hill or
anything but we have an extra fogger so
I'm gonna set off a fogger right
underneath that sucker killing off one
alright here we go
make sure you get right under there
oh well you started chasing me I don't
know how to get back in the house now
got fogger all over the outside of the
house right by the door huh hey are you
trying to steal her doughnuts he's a big
boy now yeah chocolate sprinkled donut
holes the really good I'll give everyone
peace whoa not that big okay can we get
that she's darkest I like shift shoes
and more shoes I don't need shoes I want
shoes daddy got stuck playing Barbies
while I'm doing laundry so sweet though
like okay whatever can I make you a
sandwich or something
I think Barbies talk like this you're
gonna go and change our clothes and then
we're gonna go and sit down and talk by
the pole in the car and hit King oh well
my days are my cleaning day so I got my
mop over here and before I had a chance
to mop a broom woke up from his nap so
I'm about to go get him Oh Symphony
wants do you need to hurry
Symphony loves to get a broom from his
nap
a good big sister what but that is just
incredible to me
so while symphonies in there playing
with Abram she's gonna kind of calm down
I'm going to speed luck I'm done I'm
done mopping German Symphony stayed
happy and played in his room and hello
what you doing in here you like the
light who did Symphony turn on your
mobile I made him happy
you sure did you're the best big sister
in the war hold you deserve a trophy
that says best big sister award you
don't think so no I don't have one yet
you want symphony back look at those
little hands
what's going baby my big friend where
you got stung by a wall so me your
pretty smile I'm so happy for you do you
feel better
what does it feel like to have it back
to normal Symphony we are at the library
for just a quick stop to return a book
and get a new one hey good how are you
doing
alright Symphony what book did you pick
and we signed you up for a summer
reading program didn't we we just check
off little boxes every time she reads
for 15 minutes then we turn them into
the library and she gets little books
and prizes and stuff that's pretty cool
huh well like a flicker on vine tango
ran into Tessa how fun is that
huh Abraham's kind of done with the
carrier anything yeah I'm probably just
staying here yeah we're doing good cool
guys Wow
Abram got tired of the front pack so I
let him be free and play anytime mommy
gets in a baby sorry enough staying in
way too long so Abram just got tired of
it he's done he's happy right there how
come you get to ride a ride symphonie
why do you get to ride a ride yeah any
time we come to Tanger a symphony obeys
me really well in the stories she gets
to ride a ride when we're done okay so
we are done at Tanger I forgot to say
that's where I was at I got a little
sidetracked and Abram was not the
happiest while we were there but he did
okay I just had to take him out of the
front pack I had some shorts to return
and so that's what we were doing at
Tanner I returned it for a couple tops
it's getting really really hot here and
I just don't have a lot of tops that
accommodate nursing and you know require
a lot of layers and so I ended up doing
that it turns out all the baby stores
are having like a really really big
sales and so I went in and I got some
summer stuff for the kids here we have
my mop and broom just sitting in a
doorway do any of you guys leave like
your mop or your vacuum out just until
your husband comes home from work so
that way he like sees that you've been
doing something instead of being like
honey i mopped today because let's face
it like that gets kind of old after a
little while I'm sure some of you
understand out there and so I just leave
mine out and then after Sam has been
home or awake for a little while
and walk around the house for a minute
I'll just quietly put it back in the
little closet where it goes honey a
beard is really irritating my face
inside here inside here sorry can you
tell is it ready it's a little red right
there we're gonna go check the status of
the wasps wasps no so do you stay here
this is dangerous job looks like we
killed it
so they abandon it it's gone so you
could come outside now it's safe your
hero saved you again how's it feel feels
great out here huh it's about how it
felt to be outside didn't you look at
our that's really beautiful you haven't
seen a mil of what how many hours I step
outside for one minute
pay your taxes and I just exhausted
ideas smack I need some carbs yes Sam's
been up for a little while so it's time
we put this away
nope you didn't notice but I had my okay
we're having a water sprinkler fight in
the yard I'm gonna go sneak up on
Symphony
ah yes you did Symphony and I made
brownies tonight and I'm super glad
because after the evening that I've had
putting the kids to bed I'm ready for a
brownie now it's time to show you all my
shopping haul from earlier today it's
not like a huge haul but here we go
this is what I got from Gap I got that
top and that skirt in this little tunic
for $12 for all of that this is what I
got from Carter's I got two for Abram
and two for symphony for all four of
these I paid 21 something this little
shirt back here was the only thing that
was over five dollars on all of my items
I got today so well that's everything
from my little miniature shopping haul
today I hope you've all had an awesome
day and we will see you tomorrow on the
vlog bye guys don't forget you love you
I'm gonna let somebody paint on me here
we go
oh my gosh baby I love your dress I love
you I guess oh thank you I got it at
Walmart
