good morning everyone since symfony
spent some time with Nana yesterday she
ended up staying the night so that we
could just pick her up at church today
and so Samuel never got back on track
and he was up all night and now he's
sleeping today and so I've kind of had
the morning to myself me and Abram and
he takes an hour long morning nap and so
I've been able to get ready for church
and actually like fix my hair
made by the same guy
by the same
to give
in this together
Hey
hey buddy Abram diz woke up from his
Sunday nap and look what he's doing he's
sleeping
oh you're so happy
hey so update on my nails I ended up
calling the nail salon and asked you if
they ever do them for free and she said
that on Tuesday I could come in so
somebody and I are gonna have a little
girl day and do that on Tuesday I'm
excited because this is not cut net it
was ugly
something really exciting is half a
number B phase I'm excited I'm not sure
how many of you follow me on my wreath
page but today I hit nine thousand likes
that's a big deal that's exciting so I'm
doing a pretty cool special over on my
page for the next couple of days
check it out nine thousand and three so
yeah I'm just really excited about that
because it's just such a cool
opportunity to be able to help out at
home and still have some fun while I'm
doing it it gives me some me time after
I put the kids down for a nap or to bed
and I'm just super excited about it so
thank you to any of you guys who have
ordered or come on over and liked my
page and if you have it well come on
over and like my page I do awesome
auctions giveaways contests and all
kinds of stuff all the time so come on
over and see what we've got going on at
three sign me up
I'm gonna warm up to the dude yesterday
Sam was not feeling well and so I made
some homemade beef stew it was perfect
and then Sam was like it's a little
acidic so today I came home and I'm
trying to like fix it up added some
water and then it was just so mellow and
blah and I was like this is just not
gonna work so that I seasoned it up and
I seasoned it too much so then I had to
add a little bit more water so I have
just like totally butchered this soup
but we're gonna eat it anyways because I
made a lot I went out of my way to go
get fresh ingredients the other day
and make this do and I'm not gonna waste
it we are gonna have it and we're gonna
like it or we're just we're gonna go
hungry that's how it's gonna be in this
house today because I'm not cooking
something different there's a whole pan
of soup sitting over here
did you have a good nap soon oh yeah
that's true um are you feeling better
there she is Symphony you hear me asking
about you I said Wind Symphony get up I
miss her come this way oh you got to go
potty go for it so Tiffany wakes up from
her nap she always changes herself isn't
that amazing
so take off full of her own panties on
she's gonna wipe herself down with the
white it's pretty crazy her showing up
like that she also has a new tour that
we started like four or five days ago I
just turned it out to see how she would
do up like symphony we had cleared the
table with the place on the counter for
me and she just hopped up stacked him up
over there and went on about her playing
until I said okay some peanuts so she's
good job that's gonna be your new choice
of milk and then Tim had seen what she
had done the next day and he offered her
some allowance so it's just so crazy we
have a kid that might what happened to
you next day was she saw me she's like
dad you haven't worn out and she wanted
me to come watch her so I came here and
walked her she was like this is my chore
she took the plates on the table put
them on the counter we haven't decided
what we're gonna do yet but I guess
we'll come up with something what's
reasonable for a three-year-olds
allowance
we gave her a dollar what was her
reaction oh yeah
I gave her a dollar as one of her prizes
when she was doing really good with the
cup at night she's like she opened the
bag she goes to just cash she's like
just cash look at this
what what cereal now what did I tell you
about being a baby
hello the kids and I are getting ready
to send Sammy up to work can you come
pick all these yummy Tomatoes we have
growing uh-huh I can addicted
the most delicious yummy five tomatoes
in one day set out to work with
Stephanie got stung by a wasp her livers
get really small and don't say anything
about it
oh Abraham's upset - Cindy's feeling a
little bit better so sad I asked her if
she wanted to go quick some brownies and
she said no I searched wanted a snack
she said no she just wants to lay on
mommy
oh my golly she gets to lay on mommy my
sweet little girl this doesn't happen
very often she's always so busy and
wanting to play how you feelin
not good
I've got some water and seasoned meat
tenderizer and I'm gonna make a paste to
put on Symphony's lip if she'll let me
so there it is it's just the thick
little paste I'm gonna try to get her to
let me put it on but the steam did
happen on her lips
so they kind of tricked me everyone's
back there I'm trying to feed him dinner
at the same time and so we'll see how
this goes I just want to show it to you
don't pour it just look at it see it's a
paste when you smell it
well it's your lip is getting big this
right here is gonna help it all I'm
gonna do is touch right here can I just
show you what I'm gonna do I'm not
touching yet watch normally the only
thing a new stuff that's gonna help okay
now watch I don't have anything on my
finger I'm just gonna gently go like
just let me try it let's just try it
let's talk about some I was like bonus
and dip your finger all the way in feels
like mints and we're gonna get the paste
and paint with this mommy had a good
idea so I'm gonna let Symphony paint on
me here you go thank you lips
my turn
let's just try it you don't like it I'll
stop okay let's just try it hey this
watch it's not gonna hurt if it hurts
I'll stop Symphony fine then let me put
the paste on her little lip Symphony
joined the dance party popcorn for the
princess we just wiped off the paste the
smelling seems to have gone down a
little bit how do you feel symphony does
it feel a little better so I definitely
recommend the meat tenderizer paste it's
like a teaspoon of meat tenderizer in a
teaspoon of water and you just mix it
together and rub it on the lips it
didn't totally take the swelling away
but it seemed to have stopped it from
swelling further and it is slowing down
a little bit she's eating popcorn now
when it first happened the idea of
putting something in her mouth was just
unbearable she didn't want a snack or a
drink
oh he loves this song Oh
dance party okay well the kids are in
bed symphonie his left is doing much
better the meat tenderizer paced really
like over the course of the night did
its job
it's almost back to normal it's still a
little bit swollen but she's doing good
Abram went down good as well and so now
I'm just gonna get a little bit of
housework done and call it a night so we
will see all of you tomorrow on the vlog
have a great day everyone all right guys
I'm off to work
don't forget Abram has learned how to
dance music and he like looks like he's
got a lot of soul they get to do it
into it
gigolo bottom
