by the same guy loved by the same
to live
got to give
and this together so this is what I
asked for with a few modifications same
colors and everything I even picked out
that nude looking color okay ready
so this is what I got I picked out the
color that was nude and she brought over
this bottle that had this like dark
brown color in it well anyways I still
tipped her this is one will be eating
today it's called the porch
we're clubbing it up with the pastor you
know not really it's not a club man I've
been sleeping all day long oh it's
curved better we're near Victory Park
and I'm kind of sad because I miss
symphony she didn't make it with us
today she's stayed the night with Nana
so it's just Nia me and Abel today we're
meeting the pastor Bo Chantal and their
kid Knox
this was their idea to come to the porch
and now I know exactly why they wanted
to come here because the porch is right
off not Street
there were
cool so yeah it's right off knock Street
and their son's name is knob so of
course they wanted to come here should
have known should have known that it
want to go to a broom street Dina's
crazy about symphonies the name we named
her Symphony pearl and it was brought to
our attention that the excuse me that
the Symphony Orchestra is Ralph Pearl
Street in Dallas
hi guys Mia's window-shopping that is
cute
that would be cute on me bowshotsl are
here now there they go they had a good
parking spot there two joggers hi guys
couple of waters just saw a couple of
joggers show y'all explain what's closed
yes well I kind of hit a big mistake
we're wanting to have a special night
out with our kiddos and apparently
there's this really cool place called
the lot come to find out but I thought
it was called the port we came to the
port all right we're at the lot now with
the lot now and then we're waiting for
bone Chantelle to arrive boats kind of a
slow driver I hope he doesn't watch our
vlog still if he does watch I'm really
sorry but they'll be kind of a slow guy
everybody you here's a map of the lot
where to go what does it say where go
where Jo I don't know throw up at the
Sandlot the shack run is a part area
they have to talk lot that's why we came
we came for the taut locks they have the
porch
that's why she's confused
Abram has learned how to dance to music
and he like looks like he's got a lot of
soul though he gets into it he's like
really getting into it
we're outside the lot now I'm gonna
check out the misters before April
oh it feels good that feels good doesn't
it buddy especially really cool to have
a lot of area for kids to play
now I'm really sad that Tiffany couldn't
make it those little girls out there
play we're gonna go to the ball pit and
it's called stand one I think it's set
up kind of like the movie the Sandlot
let's go check it out they do Wow we're
gonna go check it out you think you can
make it there buck no way the top one
yeah look at that top that top one up
there's like 30 feet I couldn't do that
you guys should try several drug
whatever you do the babies are like
they're crazy all right he's gonna tip
the shot Oh for the clothes try again
where are you going
Wow yeah oh you like that doggy so were
you going for the puppy you like the
puppy
well you made it you did the top did you
really
oh this one's easy
oh nice almost hit the light okay huh I
want to make a hoop in this 30-foot tall
goal while vlogging all right don't try
to shoot and vlog at the same time guys
they have told us eats up their lot this
is the Sandlot
know how to Porter cool so the short
vlog for today we're just hanging out
talking to strangers pretty fun but I
just want to say good bye out here even
if we do in the vlog this more this is a
new area you know I've never said you
buy it so guys don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other so how
do you guys feel about singing log
without Symphony it's just not the same
is it
Symphony makes the vlog she really does
she's the star I keep talking about her
because I really miss her we're leaving
now
this is cool place it's called a lot you
guys go check it off nobody get paid to
say that
