oh yeah go give that to Cuffy you're
hungry invited to my birthday
the mother opening you been reading my
book gosh sir sir okay what to say Abby
what are you dressed up as Nautilus
essence oh I'll bet you're supposed to
let him open it a little song Keys just
up and thank you for what for my party
are you gonna carry huh yeah yeah yeah
way I can't wait Hey sorry something so
I can outfly Italy and you reckon here
and we can do cake and I kick to blow my
candle
you are my brother you are my sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to give
and this together Elizabeth Marino thank
you so much for the awesome package you
sent us we had a lot of stuff from you
guys but Symphony is playing with a
water balloon right now so we're gonna
use the GoPro and daddy got me a pink I
don't get it Elizabeth did can you say
Thank You Elizabeth
Thank You Elizabeth from San Antonio hey
come see me and I don't Tony oh yeah
all right here's where you want to smash
the balloon okay right here on top of
this GoPro stand over here daddy daddy
you're Michael's a whore out yummy to do
it no I didn't do it don't have to go
pro you missed a GoPro yeah why don't
you three have to go pro is it I should
do another one this time I'll do it at
the grow Pro okay I promise you promised
this time yeah okay we're going up a
couple more water balloons so you can
throw it at the GoPro this time Symphony
promised I'm doing Green symptoms doing
purple I'll be yellow yeah there's my
y'all I want simply wear your purple on
show the can right here awesome
it's a dad dad you're gonna lift it open
daddy more you just notice that I got
groceries see I can I got really really
sick on the way to Walmart nasty I'm
gonna bring me home I mean Abram took a
nap I think you want to find and once
you start putting these away if you do
put money if I don't whatever that
you'll probably never want me to go
shopping again oh hey I got a lot of
snacks it looks like it's full of snacks
not food
I got a lot of snacks like I like snacks
but we got a lot of cereal is really fun
as accepting do you like this cereal yep
my third in the basket you like this one
she's like yep I feel like five boxes
only five I don't like it too it upon my
I think Abraham's not feeling good
either because he just doesn't want me
to put him down your holy camera former
thing is so sad we did um salmon
Symphony woke me up when they came home
and we opened up our we opened up our
mail um and so we'll be showing you guys
that stuff later you guys are so awesome
you sending us this stuff I'm just so
excited about it and I got a little
unorganized with who sent what with the
packaging so that's why I'm not sure I'm
gonna get back in there and all right
all right all right whatever you ready
go ahead y'all ready go first oh wow
yeah I just know that to ground I'll get
it from yeah right there
Bentley Symphony we're gonna go from
right here oh nice good job says yeah
now we can throw him at each other so
Lorenzo gave me and I an idea we got
some Oreos today the new I got enough
they're new but the Reese's Peanut
Butter Cup Oh Leo's I think never had a
Reese's Peanut Butter Cup Oreos from you
guys those ones right there so where's
this says he puts his milk inside of a
bowl rather than a cup so he does not
worry about trying to fit his hand
inside of the cup so this is what we're
going to be doing here Brenda let's see
how this works
that's a whole lot of milk put in there
I think that's too much go for Oreos
works pretty good Renzo let's see what
we got here
mmm simply got her own Oreos - oh just a
frosting
what kinda do you get okay I got the
pink daddy did you and repeats the
inside I'm just a pig just a paint guy I
like the cookie part though is that okay
if I eat the cookie - you just like the
frosting huh I ain't got a little feel
no touch
dad you always have to shoot
oh that's true okay can have one Danny
putting wouldn't work what a rad one why
are they so randomly like that
that one right there that one right
there because one half is peanut butter
the other half is chocolate I love
chocolate it you can I can even talk
wait a tree oh you don't want one yeah I
genuine okay maybe what are you doing
so you better mess your your play-doh so
guys you are a cookie here Sam let's
give him one of your cookies so sippy
how do you like your milk you like your
won't get a cup or the bowl well copy
when I go to bag you don't use a cup
anymore though oh whoa just a story
oh yeah that's right okay a story
so simply likes her milk in a cup Abram
likes his Oreo milk in Abu and now I
like my Oreo milk in a bowl honey how do
you like your Oreo milk probably in a
cup you know like the bowl thing I
didn't try it but I'm not a big milk fan
so it's kind of hard like you said look
you look at those toes
start singing the Charter sector you
sided put food thank you I was going to
say everyone likes Oreos just like his
daddy but I think he likes Oreos just
like the rest of America who thinks
butter when people say that right oh he
loves it just like his mommy or daddy
and when everybody else loves it too I
just posted a picture of Abram in his
Oreos I got to get some for the vlog so
you guys could kind of see come on are
you done
he's done I think oh he's going for
s'more oh he doesn't like the creamy
just gag you don't like the berries on
there okay
Steven and Abram are opposite she likes
the cream he likes the cookie so I got
this at Walmart today guys it's a wiener
dog that actually slices weenies see how
the sucker works okay he comes off took
the weenie in the dog let's see what
happens oh my god let's get it more of
an aerial view so right on top honey
right over the window Jimmy how to vlog
better here we go huh Hebrew mr. field
you okay
there's nothing wrong let you line it up
see so you get Bowie throw just call my
finger all right I'm just watching it
cut the hot dog this girl
put it I'll make sure you cut them all
up alright pretty cool I guess
ok I'm gonna go show you guys the haul
from our p.o box Sam is not feeling good
over here but he wanted to at least say
thank you to you guys for the awesome
gifts before I get out there this stuff
came from the Moreno family they sent
Sam
they said say I'm a cute shirt this
really adorable outfit for Abram with
the little button vest
symphonie a cute dress they also set
these fun goodies for Symphony they sent
me this really cute headband
they sent the kids some toothbrushes
some really cute toothbrushes they both
wanted to open them like right away and
they're already kind of like scattered
so Lydia sent Symphony this book called
mommy what's heaven like which little
does she know but that book is actually
really perfect for Symphony and I to
read at night time because she's been
asking me that question a little bit
lately
carlene's amber Epis it as the coloring
book with the stickers and then she also
sent me a gift which is really adorable
this really cute coffee mug with the
cute little morning face on it I love it
can't wait to drink my coffee out of it
another really really sweet gift Katrina
sent Symphony and I some bracelets that
she made these are so cool I cannot wait
till symphonies old enough to teach her
how to make those and then a really
really really generous gift that we
received from somebody Tamara sent Sam
and I this really adorable thank-you
card with the bird on it and to our
shock when we opened it up there was a
Walmart gift card in there for a hundred
dollars we were like what I can't
believe you did that Tamara thank you so
much you really really outdid yourself
we are so grateful for that though I'm
sure you've picked up on the vlogs that
we spend a lot of time at home are we
Symphony and Sam were there earlier
today and
we just used that mean so much to us
thank you no idea I like how far that
will really go with our family and
buying groceries and stuff so thank you
very much you guys just so know my taste
like every week somebody sends me a
headband and I wear it like every day
for the next week and I just love this
like how cool this is
I do not have one like this yet it's
really really well-made I'm just super
excited I like the way it looks like
immediately I put it on and I was like
oh this was just like made for me I
really like it thank you merino family
for those of you who would like to know
what our address is and would like to
send us something a letter here it is
right here
courtesy of symphony so just send it to
that dress we really appreciate it
um I guess I'll just say you guys get
out right here I'm sitting in the
kitchen how do these vloggers do it you
know when they're sick like the last
couple days have been like so hard to
vlog I heard somebody
oh it's Andrew came out from this
dungeon are you going
what you ain't and 'red target out pie
Oh YUM simply getting her cup of milk
before bed this is what we're eating
tonight
Oh who got that Lydia Davis it'd be cool
and I was explaining to them help her
pick today's because she has been
crushing like this he dictated to Lydia
I said good night MA good night
gosh it's dedicated to Lydia mm-hmm if
that is dedicated to Lydia D devel
written by Jonah so we just read the
back of the book what it's saying a
little bit
well this mom was just saying that her
four-year-old daughter began to question
heaven in different things and so she
was trying to explain to her and instead
of getting excited her little girl is
getting more discouraged which has
totally been my experience with symphony
and then she had a cousin passed away at
the age of 12 very suddenly from an
asthma attack and she knew that she was
going to need you know something to
relate it to to know that he's meeting
Jesus and you know it's happy in a way
for him
cool mommy what is heaven like mommy
what's heaven like a little girl under
my heaven mommy answer is a wonderful
place is heaven fun the little girl
asked heaven this one wrong answer I
need you to achieve in part with devil
your eyes heaven is more honest I don't
matter sighs it's okay it's more fun
than going swimming at Grandma's like
and it has fun a spending time with you
is having a nice place the little girl
absolute heaven is a nice place many
answered heaven is nicer than the warm
bubble bath I love Jesus mommy the
little girl exclaimed I know you do
mommy replied and he loves me the end
cool oh that's a good book but as always
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other good night guys see you
later fam basic thank you so much you
love you I'm going with a D glass color
today
yeah they're gonna look so cute in my
lettuce stop crashing
I'm not putting smashing
