Abraham today good how are you feeling
today Symphony ah feeling awesome that's
a good attitude reshape it oh wait are
those mommy shoes no they're mine
doesn't yours isn't kind of big for your
feet baby uh I bought them oh you Bob
where'd you buy them a lot in that the
shoe store okay so you're repenting
right now my brother you are my sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to
give love
well
and this together just got home from
work I bet you guys can't guess what I
just got they're doing did you see it
you see the powder on my shirt that's
right I just changed a very very poopy
diaper abram poops very copiously first
thing in the morning it's a very potent
surprise it's something very young it's
very welcoming for me coming home from
work you know to have that very poopy
diaper for my son I'm very proud to
change so such a manly diaper and it
makes me just feel at home you know what
I mean do you ever feel like that when
you change a poopy diaper winner your
son or daughter you just feel out huh
just gives you that really warm feeling
does me can you guys since the sarcasm I
think I've do it a little bit too good
of a job at this what do you mean you're
gonna stand up on a chair dad man that
boy just doesn't learn does he he keeps
standing up on that chair falling back
crying he'll go right back to the chair
stand up on it fall back
cry maybe this time we go for and Abram
I'll catch you this time buddy go for it
oh he maybe he did learn symphony and
then Rosetta came back down yeah I think
he did learn look you didn't grab the
top he's learning Symphony that that me
yeah well he is nice haha today is he
nine month old today
when is he nine month old Oh a couple
weeks ago here's nine months home oh now
Lizzie does it good oh he's nine months
old in two weeks so nine and a half
months old Wow
Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada Dada
oh all right here girl again is gonna go
for it
Abram you're gonna do it again have you
learned your lesson buddy oh he does not
want to grab the top of that chair cuz
he knows what happens what happens when
he grabs the top of that shirt when he
what when he dressed he does just like
that yeah hey very good demonstration
thanks for that he's doing a good job
he's lunge lesson so as you guys know
Nia was really sick yesterday but she
still did a great job being mommy and
being wifey I must see how she's doing
today honey how are you doing today
hey got a little bit better she's she's
holding the oven as you guys can see
just making some biscuits making
biscuits she's back to her normal self
there she is
I'm so glad you're doing better so I
have like a triple turnout huh
one right oh one two three four I lost
count
we got some that's dick perfect and
sausage okay and a perfect what kind of
eggs this egg how they made mommy's
undepressed scrambled yeah p√∫blicos
brand legs oh wow that looks amazing
yeah you got the same thing I sure did
but I got a bigger plate than you
mmm-hmm
dad daddy get this used to be Johnny
things play it but now it's my place
and since for any sign the quantity of
campers we were told that this Walmart's
not gonna honor we are here for the site
I guess buddy tell me we don't need
cheap diapers we needed a buddy
we have the ad and have Walmart
corporate policy saying that they will
honor any any ad that is specific
quantity and specific price if that
makes it so okay
can't sue the buggy logon so we'll keep
you updated P so they turn this down and
now the store manager is out in the
aisle and we want to hear what you guys
say about women we're gonna go film it
okay yeah I realized that I thought
that's where we were talking to the
first time we just want to see what he
has to say about it yes we are identical
on Friday
so Walmart has this little thing with
their ads and we just oh really that's
the ID anyone I'm sorry
why don't that is a gimmick ad well
arafat you go check we'll check the
dollar store and you'll find out I call
you need to look online and they told me
okay but they won't have 30 bags how are
they gonna tell me we can't record you
guys all know we record and Walmart like
yeah by weekly that is wrong right you
can order Terrell Walmart sorry
corporate policy and it's online guys
and I'll go check it out it forget about
Walmart calm not regular Omar calm guys
better fix this right right so did
people really say that hum they were
honoring it today
not only for family members and stuff
but I wonder if they're doing what our
cashiers are just letting it go is this
little guys first time to the library
you're gonna love it Abram there's so
many books for you he's watching
Symphony Abram look huh go in for more
what are you gonna do do you want to
read like MooMoo brown cow
Wow we're gonna read a story hmm oh
don't you he just can't stop watching
symphony he loves what she's doing over
there we need a nosey boots I'm getting
boot cool daddy-o
oh dude you're getting so fast come on
there's this cute little dog that keeps
coming to our yard this is the third day
in a row and today she came up to us and
jumped on us and she loved on us you
guys want to see her
hi puppy this little girl she just keeps
coming to our house okay everyone I have
been on the lookout for some really cute
something there's a bug on my leg sorry
okay I have been on the lookout for some
really cute salt and pepper shakers for
forever they're all really really
expensive and they don't even really
match that well in my kitchen they're
just like cute and I seriously just
cannot find anything besides clear or
really expensive non-matching salt and
pepper shakers and it's just annoying me
so I decided I'm just gonna buy the
cheaper ones and paint them I got these
really basic Walmart clear salt and
pepper shakers there they are they look
like little bitty light bulbs I'm going
with a big last color today yay they're
gonna look so cute in my kitchen the
salt and pepper shakers are almost dry
so I got my modge podge and I'm gonna
steal them it started raining outside
before I got to bring in my salt and
pepper shakers in my tray so I'm about
to run in the rain and try to rescue
them before they get ruined I guess I
won't log this part I don't want to get
the camera away yeah I'll just leave you
guys in the house here it is after the
paint job I saved it from the rain I'm
not completely done with it yet since
they're not clear anymore I'm going to
put an s on the salt one and a P on the
pepper one and symphony and I will work
on that later today need to go like that
I'm letting Symphony do the stickers for
RS and RP for the salt and pepper shaker
there's the salt let's see our DIY salt
and pepper shakers stop Peppa
we just used like little foam stickers
to make the S I'm probably eventually
going to get little chalk backgrounds
for the s and the P but now that's what
I've bought that's what I'm wearing
cool showing you what my boolean try
never dad oh okay cool
what's mommy doing right there she's
peeking can you tell me what it says hey
if there's caffeine no you sure
was the backyard sigh forget to let me
check no boom
Pelican case 1510 it's really nice to
cook those wheels on it that's what I
love most about it when I'm shooting
weddings I used to cameras and thereby
wedding to me but when I'm just shooting
as a oh the computer had to shoot one
cares look how girls baby food looks to
all the squeezing it out what did you
say it looked like sandy
