hi you guys welcome back to Wednesday's
with Tia today I'm going to be talking
about being a stay-at-home mom as I was
sitting down sorting through my notes
and getting some stuff together for this
vlog I realized that we're going to have
to do it in segments one question that a
lot of people asked me which was how do
you keep your sanity I'm a stay-at-home
mom I've got two kids I take care of the
house while my husband works full-time
and a lot of you ask that question
there's a couple different factors that
go into that and so I'm going to cover
both of those and those two factors are
God and putting your husband first first
and foremost for keeping your sanity as
a stay-at-home wife or mom you must make
time for God and reading your Bible so
here's how I do it when I wake up in the
morning I've got my coffee I like to sit
down and read a scripture or two I don't
go into this huge long Bible study if
you set yourself up with a big long
study that you have to read each day
you're most likely not going to do it so
give yourself short little things to
begin your day with now I'm not
typically a morning person and so when I
really want to study the word and like
take away from it I do it at night right
before I go to bed so yeah I just
suggest you know simple devotions to
connect with God first thing in the
morning pray if you wake up and already
it's like 10 o'clock and you're like oh
my gosh this is already a long day you
really need to just take time sit down
do some prayer and read a few scriptures
because it's really going to help you
get connected to God and just get your
day in line like it's supposed to be
that's what I suggest and I'm telling
you guys just making that one little
change can really make a big difference
in your day you can be having all this
chaos spinning around you at home the
kids are all fussing everything needs to
get done at once laundry in the dishes
but if you're connected to God and you
fill that peace you're not going to be
overwhelmed and you're going to be able
to remain sane the next thing that's
going to help you stay calm and centered
throughout your day is having a good
relationship with your husband and
making sure that you put him first then
your kids and then everything else and a
lot of you asked me on Facebook page
yesterday how do I manage to put Sam
first when I first started staying home
a friend of mine introduced me to a book
that I highly
recommend to all of you who are just now
beginning to be stay at home wise or
moms it's called a woman after God's own
heart and it's by Elizabeth George you
can get it off with Amazon for really
really cheap I think like three bucks
basically this just helped me transition
from being all about me to all about God
then my husband and then everything else
so here are some things that I've
learned and I've managed to change about
my life and when these things are in
line got into this relationship with my
husband things tend to go very smoothly
at home no matter what's going on so I'm
going to share with you a series of
Bible verses that really explain how and
why we put our husbands first so in the
beginning of time in Genesis God said in
Genesis 2:18 I will make him a helper a
lot of times we keep the mindset like
why can't he just put his clothes in the
hamper
or why can't he do the dishes every now
and again or whatever um but really it
just laid it out from the beginning of
time we were here to be his helper God
saw to it that man needed a helper and
that helpful was a woman I've always
known that Bible verse really existed
and that moment was created to be here
for man and I just never really put two
and two together that like they need a
helper and we're blessed to be their
helpers not only are we their wives but
they chose us to be not one person to
help them throughout the rest of their
lives until death do us part and really
that's an honor that's a blessing I've
always really adored Sam and loved him
and so making this change is really easy
for me but I know for some women it's
not so I want to talk about the details
that I've learned from studying the
Bible and this Bible study that I talked
to you guys about okay at the next verse
that I studied was Ephesians 5:22 and it
says wives submit to your own husband
now I know I know I know I know a lot of
you have a lot to say about following
the Bible to a tee and being
old-fashioned but it works and it's true
and God gave us these outlines for a
reason
it's not talking about some cold
exercise that you just have to like do
this is also from the heart this is why
you need to pray about it you need to
read about it and learn exactly what
mission and a marriage really means
basically it's just saying you need to
allow your husband to lead you and to be
the primary decision-maker in every
aspect of your life so an example of
being submissive and respectful to your
husband and this light would be let's
say you're within a group of friends and
your husband is telling a story he gets
a minor detail wrong and your initial
response is to be like oh no honey it
wasn't seven years ago it was eight
years ago just you know you can leave
that out don't don't bother correcting
him especially in public let him let him
be wrong that little detail doesn't
matter what matters is that your husband
feels respected and feels like he is the
leader of what's going on in your
everyday lies and even with your friends
so the other verse that I want to touch
on today is about loving your husband's
it comes from Titus 2:4 and it says
admonish the young wives to love their
husbands now that verse was new to me
when I got married and started
practicing all of these things it
specifically says to admonish the young
lives to love their husbands so pretty
much what it's saying is like you've
already been where they're at you've
been in the shoes that want to
automatically like be right all the time
or do things your way we're women we're
hard-headed and we think we're right
about everything it's just very
interesting that I was saying to
admonish the young wives because God
knew that we were going to need
direction from someone what he's saying
is if you can love your husband the way
that I've designed him to be loved in
the way that I'm you know directing you
to love him you're gonna have smooth
sailing so you might be asking yourself
okay I already love my husband I married
him I have kids with him how else can I
do that what else can I do
so again this is not something that's
just like gonna happen overnight it's
gonna take a little more practice but
put him first in your everyday life put
his needs above everyone else's and let
everyone else around you know that he
comes first so an example of that is
um Sam works nights so when he is
getting ready for work I am here getting
his clothes ready and getting dinner
ready and stuff like that so if I'm out
during the day with a friend or family
member it's pretty well known across the
board that I like to be home between
3:30 and 4:00 o'clock because that's
when I start dinner and Sam wakes up at
5:00 and those of you who know me and
spend a lot of time with me you're
probably like laughing right now because
before we make plans I'm always like
well are we gonna be home around 8:30
are we gonna be home around 4:00 and you
know that's just something that I've
made a staple in my life so that he has
a smooth transition from home to work so
what are some different things that we
can do besides just loving him telling
him we love him and you know he already
knows that we love him a big word that
I've learned is prepare preparation and
there are so many things that can fall
into this category so I'm just going to
do a few that are really important you
know preparing his clothes for work
preparing his food so that he doesn't
have to wake up and look around for food
having dinner ready for him or breakfast
or or at least foods that he likes that
he can go to preparing his clothes you
can get them laid out for him for work
or have them easily accessible or
organized in a fashion where he can just
go straight to them and get them out for
work prepare a special greeting for him
and I'm not saying something routine I'm
saying like if you're already in a bad
mood or you've had a rough day say your
prayer ask God to give you the right
words and create your husband and love
and excitement to see him it's always
going to start out your first connection
when you can greet him like that versus
oh hey honey welcome home or something
like that and the last thing I'm going
to talk about as far as showing your
love to your husband and letting him
know he comes first is pleasing him and
I'm not just talking about in the
bedroom although that's very important
as well I'm talking about just knowing
the things that he likes knowing the
things that he wants done or just just
little things just little things that
you know he likes make a priority to do
that for example I know that when Sam
wants a drink of milk he wants it in a
clear cup
I don't know why so when I serve him
milk if he asks for a glass of milk I
always reach for a clear cup and there
have been times where I pour it into a
solid cup and I'll pour it out into a
clear cup those little things right
there they may not even notice it so
just pay attention to the little details
that your husband's like their dislikes
and and try to please him in those areas
and then just to like minutely touch on
that in bed comment I made earlier I
know how exhausting it is taking care of
a house and little people all day and
then you still got to take care of
yourself but it doesn't matter you need
to take time exhaust it or not for those
moments where your husband needs you in
that area I'm not going to go any
further you all know what I'm talking
about what I'm saying is that your
tiredness and your exhaustion aside and
put that first it will make an immense
difference in his attitude towards you
and then your attitude towards the rest
of your home I know there's a lot of
feminists out there and this could sound
really silly to some of you but those of
you who asked me how I keep my sanity
this is how these are the two things God
and my husband that keep me centered and
focused on what really matters so I just
really encourage you all if if this is
something that you've been wondering how
to do or or struggling with or you think
I'm totally crazy just say a prayer
about it tonight ask God to open up your
heart to putting him and then your
husband before everything else in your
life and that's going to set off the
tone for being a stay-at-home wife or
mom a peaceful one well thank you guys
all so much for coming along with me and
listening to me talk about this subject
I hope you all learned something and I
hope every one knows that this topic is
also something that I am working on
every day as well I am nowhere near good
or perfect at it and I'm still
practicing myself at doing these little
things I'm talking about but I have
noticed a major difference in my
marriage and the peace in my home since
I've started making this a priority it's
been about a year and a half now and
it's just such an immense
friends for me on the inside the piece
that I feel what I'm able to put God and
my husband as the two main priorities in
my life so stay tuned for next Wednesday
I'm going to be covering a couple more
topics and questions that you guys asked
for me
if any of you have anything to share
regarding this topic I talked about the
day leave it in the comments below I
would love to hear what you have to say
any tips that you have or anything you
have to add on to what I've said we love
you guys thanks for tuning in and we
will see you all on tomorrow's vlog bye
hey guys welcome back to Wednesday's
with Nia
back here we've got my craft section and
today we are going to get craft we're
going to be making fourth of July neat
headbands red white and blue and
afterwards I'm going to show you guys
another tutorial of how I like to wear
my headband so stay tuned have some fun
get crafty and get stylish with me
