hi guys all right welcome to our seventh
cute 8 Q days with Sam Ania
in Q&A Tuesday this is the Peter she
said she wanted to do it in her room so
that's where we're at right Symphony
just talking to our calendar of there we
go another page kissing bass July okay
so we took some questions from our
Facebook page if you guys would like to
ask us questions in the future go like
this on our Facebook page and we do a QA
QA every month or the first Tuesday of
every month
we appreciate all you guys who
participate in and give us your
questions question number one question
comes from Savannah Fox hi I'm Anita
this is kind of a random question but
what after slash actress did you want to
play you in a movie about your life xoxo
Savannah
over the years I've been told that I was
like computers and after students like
Natalie Portman was the first one I ever
heard at like seven years old
more recently cher Lloyd say I look like
her so the one that I want to play me in
a movie
Natalie Portman because he was a
teenager
yes I want to be here I still do a lot
of people have said that I look like
Bradley Cooper I don't think I want him
to play I mean I think even that great
of an actor honestly thank you sorry you
Bradley Cooper fans out there I think
I'll pick Tom Hanks just because
question number two comes from none
other than the famous Lorenzo apostille
that's a that right apostle hey guys if
you have a choice would you rather
travel to the future well back into the
past and what would he tell slash ask
your pastor to teach or so I just
watched Back to the Future have seen
Back to the Future longtime legend
so Lorenzo good question I think I would
take myself back into the past and I
would tell myself not to become a nurse
I feel like I got into the wrong
profession I thought I wish I stayed
true to myself as far as like distinct
creative and staying in a creative
profession but now I'm in the medical
field and I'm not sure why I did it and
I think those many for opportunity and
if I was in the future I would ask
myself do you have any regrets because
that's one thing I want to live without
any regrets okay I would totally go to
the future and
what my kids are doing all these their
interests and they don't come back and
try to invest in those and teach them
the way that they seem to be learning
and future stuff like that
question number comes from
Ulrich J elven start he asked I'm
working on something for you and your
family
what does everyone's favorite animal
kitty cats and butterflies oh there's so
many cute ones baby it looks like a
little mouse from symphony was a baby I
called her my little baby koala bigger
an honor and also love lions who doesn't
love lines I liked it
question number four comes from CalSTRS
hey cemani and Symphony and Abram of
course I've loved watching your vlog hmm
could you talk a little bit about your
college experience okay so when you say
college experience are you talking about
what kind of education we receive or you
talk about this like our life as college
students at first I earn my hand
it's a business at Community College and
I wasn't sure what I wanted to do with
that so I went back and became a nurse
went to nursing school and earned my
associates in nursing and then a year
later I went and earned my bachelor's at
a university in nursing I'm gonna pass
it to me you know well I guess you
didn't pick up we did go to the same
Community College Sam went for a year or
so and then I went and I earned my
associate and elementary education and
I'm a semester
College I mean I didn't transfer to a
university
we dated all through college and we're
full were engaged and so we didn't
really have like the typical you know
college dean or your limited doors
Guardians no we party we hung out in the
library a lot it's been a lot of times
our college library library knows very
focused in college are they doing a
party that was very focused on I'm
really good grades I graduated with
honors don't I regret or alter graduated
question number five comes from Marissa
I'm worse yo although it from hasn't
been here for long what are some of this
personality traits that you notice about
it pretty irritable guy I know that as
far as you know it's not ready to go
he's telling he's gonna be a jealous of
a guy I wasn't jealous kind of guy in
high school Canadian for sure doing a
good job
well recently like literally in the last
week he has started showing this
impatient trait like if he's not getting
his way he'll like arch his back and
scream and I was like oh my gosh I can't
wait this is coming out of him but he
also has a very sweet and loving
affectionate he takes his head buries it
in my shoulder and he'll nuzzle up to me
oh and he's real emotional like when Sam
walks in the room he doesn't cute little
laugh you like you shy you go hide his
face so he's got the best of both worlds
the irritable and the really really
happy traits that you know a little baby
you can have question number six comes
from they have Hussein where do you see
yourselves and the channel in the next
five years good question very good
question
the next five years I see myself out of
nursing or if not out of nursing tRNA in
DPR and I'll be working one one is two
days a week two days master channel goes
yes full-time we love it and I love
making video and I'll share our families
together making it's a big community
what you gotta make one big family
so that's part since the five-year they
see us during this full-time and me not
having to work my nursing career
you say I say the same thing but I also
see us maybe adding more channels if I
did you don't understand any time soon
but hopefully in five years we'll have
you know a couple more channels okay
question number seven comes from Ashley
Quinn this is my favorite question what
kind of wedding did you guys have was it
a big wedding or small wedding can we
see some pictures of your wedding
my fiance and I are getting married in
ten minutes and I'd love to hear all
about weddings right now awesome
well our my name was just the absolute
most perfect day ever it was really
rainy all morning long while you're
setting up it was an outdoor wedding and
the whole entire day we got married at
6:30 in the evening and so the whole day
I was just so positive and praying I
just knew that it would not rain during
our ceremony we had everything set up
outside uncovered a cake food dance and
everything's gonna happen outside and I
just knew that it was gonna be perfect
so it rained literally up until like I
don't know five ten minutes before it's
time for me to walk down the aisle
people were sitting down it was so
stifling and it stopped raining I cried
and cried and I'm exhausted
eautiful medical day I will never forget
how I felt on that day
it was perfect I sustained of epistaxis
from the wedding - oh yeah you sure what
we're saying our prayer we're all found
our heads and I know we've seen our
video that like stuffing out my nose
trying to make it stop before the prayer
and sober and what's cool about that was
the day we met I had bloody nose to mess
around me I got hit our pastor Marius he
just made the most beautiful ceremony I
mean unlike anything you've ever cared
wedding there was nothing unlike most
weddings we're like the couple leaves
and that everyone say
and like you know most of all there's
some sparklers in their face or whatever
sand whatever the last ones to leave my
hand on his house and we were the last
ones to leave we just stayed in
fellowship with all of our family and
friends to cry we danced we had so much
fun it was just unlike any other
experience our first dance was in the
rain yeah it definitely was it was so
awesome can you just talk about it
question number eight comes from Rosa
Camacho Loma I hope I said that right
sorry Rosa what are your friends and
family think about you guys flop my
friends for the most part think it's
kinda weird especially the ones that I
don't see so often they're just like so
weird
my friend immolation was like I mean
you're my friend and they're all I feel
like you're their friend and so it's
just like a funny like I don't know I
guess it's just kind of weird and
awkward and I've seen all of you guys
love us so much we're just you know play
doll's name for the epidemic my brother
just recently so we felt really strange
how it got me you know relatively large
um my Maltese is awesome she's told us
you know just take some amazing moments
you have this platform to share God's
life everybody
for your family okay well thank you guys
so much for coming along with us on this
- thank you 8q a we really appreciate
you guys watching you we love you guys
we just feel like we've become a part of
this huge community this family through
YouTube we are just totally loving our
experience so if you guys like what
we're doing find us through our social
media accounts Twitter Facebook and like
our accounts subscribe to our channel
and hit the thumbs up button if you
think a video is cool we really
appreciate you guys thanks love from
just being an awesome second family to
us and don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other bye bye
hey bro say bye look up there at the
camera he's been eating Oreos
