so I think I have shrimp throat I'm
really not feeling good and Sam is a
movie kid it's pretty much all morning
I got up a couple of times just to like
nurse Abram and then I would go lay back
down and yeah I just feel awful
so we're having like a lunch that's what
you want to call it I'm having two
symphonies having a lunchable and Abram
is gonna have some baby food and then
hopefully we're gonna all take it out
you are my brother you are
sister
by the same guy loved by today we've got
to give
in this together by merinov Vlad okay
tell me what you've done with daddy this
morning I have just watching the movie
but I already showed you the movie
uh-huh
what else did you and Daddy do this
morning yeah I did hey y'all played a
long time right daddy gave me a new toy
oh yeah what toy did you get first
sleeping in your bed on that Abram Oh
cranky you didn't get a morning nap yet
today we've all had naptime today I'm
feeling a little bit better oh they were
shower and honey spruce up and I'm just
really really hungry I've only had like
a little piece of toast a piece of a
piece of toast when I'm sick I just
always like chicken soup and I don't
have all the ingredients for today and
so I'm kind of doing a makeshift recipe
company here we're just gonna do chicken
broth I have half of a pound of chicken
breast that's argan oil do you have - a
little kid it's the center pop and so
I'm out of noodles so I'm gonna take the
noodles out of a box of macaroni and
cheese because I just really want the
chicken soup and you don't chicken -
it's not good if you don't noodles I
wish I had egg noodles so I can get the
real effect but I know I have half of an
onion in here from my dad's garden and I
found like a bag of frozen veggies that
has like carrots and squash and like
sugar snap peas inside of it and so I
just like threw those over in there
yep I'm making me some soup no it's
gonna turn out hopefully be good okay so
my recipe doesn't call for the stuff but
I made chicken noodle soup enough that I
know like what tastes good and it's all
got some frozen baby I'm gonna drop one
of those in there he's gonna get one
yeah look a little the cop cute they are
- no put it in pinks
you just drop it down and stir a little
bit of basil can I help you yes they're
real good
that's a basil my dearly hyper pepper is
like the defining taste and good chicken
noodle soup
I know as one's down but just love it I
love a lot I can't change you all that
yeah no I'm gonna bring it to a boil and
then just I see you two and then just
cook my macaroni noodles the way that
the Box Falls for just for like 10
minutes I guess and things got all that
stuff in there what else do you see I
feel the earth it's almost done and this
is what it's looking like huh
it pretty much looks like chicken noodle
macaroni so I don't know the broth looks
really good though Symphony dress
herself today I guess being sick that's
one of the perks is that she can dress
herself so she took the shirt that she
wore to bed and put a skirt with it
that's the same color and it's just
adorable I love it she's like no it's so
beautiful and P I'll show you guys again
pajama shirt and a little skirt you sure
Danny family reprint water to me
a water can I don't know if Abram is
feeling sick or his teeth just hurt but
he has been mega whiney and mommy's boy
today I'm pretty sure it's the teeth if
you could see what he's doing right now
he does have three that I'm completely
like broken through this the roof the
top gums I mean and he has three more
that are about to break through and so
for her on top to her on bottom he's
probably just in a water ping she sure
has been saying MoMA a lot today though
and I love that I don't think you guys
have heard him say it yes I'll try to
capture it can you say mama he usually
says mama when he's upset and whining
Big Mama that's okay
yes he's happy he's happy right now so
he's a bad dad dad yeah I think that's
how it's supposed to be right guys I
think the mommies are supposed to take
care of the boo-boos and the hurts and
daddies are here for fun and love and
kisses but daddies can take care of
hurts and boo-boos - I just think the
way my kids do it around here mommies
for like when they're sick going to bed
got a little ooh stuff like that and guy
he's mr. fun man they do have a very
exceptionally fun daddy and I'm excited
you guys have gotten see Sam's
explorations that goes with Symphony I'm
just so excited to see what he comes up
with whatever I'm sure gonna cope with
something awesome peekaboo pee-wee's
mama he's very cautious when he goes
down that little tiny step
thank you for sweeping you're doing
fantastic job now final recipe for the
thrown-together chicken noodle soup use
a box of macaroni noodles a can of
chicken broth I made my own chicken
broth I used four cubes
I use three chicken and one beef so then
I used about three and a half cups of
water to make that broth
about half a cup of frozen vegetables or
if you have like fresh ones like a half
a cup of carrots or whatever I use half
a fresh onion I - with salt and pepper a
big dash of pepper um
a dash of basil a bay leaf and I think
that's it Oh chicken I used a half a
chicken breast oh hey mama what what
were you saying just can't catch him
saying mama on the camera he just won't
do it he knows what I'm trying to do
that's yeah we're about to curl up on
the couch I'm gonna give Symphony some
of the soup that we made and we're gonna
watch some full house did you guys see
our intro - don't like it I'm so excited
that it's finished
here's a room this is pretty much the
kind of day we've been having
just look at Abram and look at the TV
full house is on I woke up with the
pretty bad migraine I thought my
headaches had gone way up the brass in
the water guess I was wrong
he woke up sick we miss Church what have
you been doing all day boys doing i dead
okay cool we usually limit her amount of
iPad time and TV time of course she
watched she's allowed to watch 30
minutes of TV in the morning and then
before bed she's allowed in another 30
minutes and she's a lot how long's she
live on the iPad near like 5:00 you're
like if she just got done watching TV I
mean she wants iPad I'll say fine
maybe I'm a mommy you're gonna play
Legos Abram I thought you were gonna
play Legos with me miss Betty you build
there you go cool is that awesome
I said me what else do I need to bring
the work today should marry Susan turn
on the camera what is it
look down it's your thing my work thing
you couldn't forget that it's a calendar
nurses calendar Nia bought this for me
for Christmas that's never did open it
and I still have not been brought to
work painting painting what you are what
color gold well I finally got the kids
to bed I'm still not feeling very good
I am just ready to call it a night I'm
winding down the same way that many of
you seem to with a good ol salmony a
vlog and of course responding to all of
your awesome comments well thank you
guys all for coming along with me on my
sick day today mom should just not be
allowed to get sick I feel like I got
nothing done today except my chicken
soup and like lay around with the kids
and be lazy with them I guess lazy days
are okay every once in a while we all
need them but anyways ready to be back
to my normal self so I can get some
stuff done and just be perky again
anyways we'll see you guys on tomorrow's
vlog have a good day don't think I've
ever done Abraham's room
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other
by what's wrong
oh okay I'll do it again come on it's
okay you don't do it I'm doing it in the
mirror you want me to say it again okay
let's try this again simply wanted to be
here with me come stay with me baby it's
okay
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other right Symphony okay she
wanted been here with me I did it
without her I love you
