I'm not going to record very much and
just 1 record a little bit so you guys
come along with us
by the same guy love but a stay
to live
in this together and I got my part oops
anyway this is gonna be north that car
so you look for June because we're in
June or almost July and you direct right
over there daddy when do ya I read my
calendar
oh we're not in June okay good so I'm
having a rap symphony up right now cuz
she's feeling pretty cold it's not cold
out here it's just breezy and it's early
so it feels cold but we have about ten
more minutes before the Sun actually
comes up Tiffany and I usually explore
like a structure or something like that
like workplace it's been a little bit
different the past couple weeks
last week we explored the wind but we
went inside of a in the field of we
explored that a week before that we
explored a common plant but today's a
little bit different a little bit
special because we've been doing this
for 26 weeks it's exactly half way to
our 52 week challenge so today I want it
to be extra special and I wanted to to
emphasize consistency and I thought what
better to teach her consistency than the
Sun because it rises every single
morning so that's what we're doing out
here we're waiting for the Sun to rise
hop a fence to get here
she said throw by herself butterfly land
alright so Symphony and iron knee is
still sleeping and I here
what's up mister no turnkey oh boy come
here
hello fan basic how you guys doing today
if you can't tell I've lost my voice a
little bit up in a little bit sick the
past day or so
so symphony and I are getting ready to
Mel out her birthday invitations yay her
birthday's in three and a half weeks and
I feel so behind on sending out the
invitations but I just found a location
to do the birthday party at so I guess
whatever so here she goes just sent out
her birthday invitation now put them in
there good you can put them on the lid
I'll fix it
I made this week for symphony before she
warms like a high it goes
starts here it goes all the way up there
got it
symphonie did not like this the very
first time we put her in it like some
little Symphony being taken our Symphony
and Abram just woke up from their naps
and we're gonna do an update on
symphonies cuppy how's it been going
since Ania bed good it's been going good
what are you eating right now it's
called gum oh we're all it's going
really well she has had one problem on
that nap yesterday but the other naps
that she's had have gone really well and
when she wakes up she gets a piece of
gum and the night time has just been
going great I'm so proud of her and
excited that she hasn't had a hard time
with it and I'm just kind of blown away
that it was as easy as it was I really
thought it was gonna be like this like
Fiasco peak of her little childhood life
and it wasn't it would it went great
sweet boy we are getting ready to go do
a mini meetup with a family who watches
our vlog Channel and ordering a wreath
from me so I'm getting to do a
face-to-face delivery for a wreath and
also meet some awesome viewers and I'm
really excited it's gonna be Amy and her
husband and her daughter I'm not sure if
they have another child or not I know
she has a daughter so I'm really excited
we're gonna head off to on the border
and meet with them and this is so
exciting it's just so cool making new
friends through this and getting to see
new faces and people who like you know
care about our family they watch our
vlogs and this exciting you guys can
come along with us and hopefully in the
future we'll be able to do like a big
meet up I'm really looking forward to
doing something like that and meeting a
lot of you who watch our channel so
anyways we're gonna go grab on some
Mexican food I'm so hungry this is the
reason I'm delivering its kind of
crooked on the door right now so I'm
gonna turn the camera so you see it the
way it's supposed to be hanging says
real heroes don't wear capes this is one
of my favorite wreaths that I've made
really like it thanks for the order
Annie we're here there they are they put
them there
there's our fan basic over there let's
get out hi guys
here's your read good there's a fan
basic here welcome
bro one bro - oh cool what no you guys
that twins Legos for Symphony Abram the
surprise inside is it's a new one oh wow
good Jo manse a nice photo
could you say this is a match we have
for our fire station oh that is so cool
that's awesome
military traditions we meet new people
oh nice base point specifically from
mcguire-dix-lakehurst wow you guys a
little friendship coin all the little
church services I
so this is voy he ordered the endless
taco so how many tacos you think you're
ready toy
we'll see come on make a guess
it's a big guy no way
so boys a firefighter and New Jersey
what's your joint base
mcguire-dix-lakehurst
and he's going to tell us a heroic story
that he was involved in go for roll it
but what we do 40 years ago I was on the
rescue truck with my crew we fall for a
cardiac arrest
the lady was completely blue we went in
pretty clear watch crew came in my
captain dead I did the private did
everything they came in we got
everything set up
sorry compressions we did an outstanding
job
brought it back to life and then I say
probably a few months later she came
back to the station and
that's all I mean I feel having very
often a recognitions not really I guess
it's not my thing but yeah you know
every so often you have me do tonight no
problem
we appreciate what you do like when you
go watch this tomorrow we appreciate you
we want to see that in the back row
later
give me those beads there's already
common all right which one's Colin
hey Colin say how do our viewers
these guys are identical twins and this
is a B so how many of you got down
suburbs too but you fell five down oh
nice so sad probably still that one
we're all done eating we had an Alma
border and Amy and lawyer about the
drive back to Fort Worth to go to their
families we're sitting up picture Laurie
is also a photographer he's getting his
tripod out so he could take a big family
photo oh no he doesn't have it maybe
they could get it for us would you guys
mind taking a photo we are leaving on
the border it's a little bit bittersweet
I feel like we just totally had an
instant connection with Amy and Loy and
their kids and they just seemed like
really awesome people that we would get
along with you know and if we lived
close probably hang out with and it was
just such an exciting experience meeting
some of our fan basic I mean you guys
this is just so cool that you know it's
like a branch of all of our big family
you guys are all a part of and it's just
felt so just so cool and so so real and
genuine meeting with them just one guys
we're at Walmart again yeah
what's the Sandia vlog without a little
bit of Walmart right that's what makes a
lot so special simply love Walmart and
not love Walmart me and love Walmart so
this whole water challenge has been
awesome for me since day one I have
noticed an increase in my alertness I
feel like I've like learned the secrets
to becoming alert and I also feel like I
can focus a lot easier how the brain is
nearly 75% water and I've been feeding
it pretty much just coffee I've been
feeding it water in the form of coffee
so yeah I'm getting my second week of
water what else have I noticed I've also
noticed like my head feels lighter I
feel actually this like euphoria when
I'm drink the water I feel like I'm kind
of addicted to it later as far as
headaches go I'd do something from
headaches and so the first first couple
days I woke up with migraines like
severe migraines I was like what the
heck is going on I started this water
diet I'm supposed to be better with the
headaches but I figured out what it was
I've been drinking so much water when I
wake up in the morning I usually do at
least 50 ounces of water right away
and I cut out coffee because there's no
room for coffee and I noticed once I
drink 50 ounces of water I feel great
not only need coffee so I woke up with
those migrants because of the caffeine
I've been cut I cut from my diet so
that's probably the reason for the
headaches
and but ever since those two days I
haven't had a headache so that's been
awesome
what else I've noticed my face is like a
rock there moist I'm having to play a
lot less lotion than I used to and it's
a lot more oily I like broke out the
pimples up fearful a little bit for a
day or two and I think obviously it's
because I'm drinking so much water I've
also noticed my arms look a little bit
bigger I don't know if it's just me but
I just thought my muscle tone has
improved a little bit we just go under
collar it is guaranteed if we come to
Walmart we're gonna see somebody that we
know that's how small the town is that
we live in every single time we've
already seen two people that we know I
don't know them but need us and I'm
taking off without him
that's my way of saying okay honey time
to go I thought of a new thing I want to
start going with the ending of the vlog
I want to see how many places I could
say goodbye to you guys that so I want
to make it like a different place every
day I doubt that's gonna happen but
maybe I can do different rooms if I'm at
the house or a different location but I
want to do like in a different place
each time so today we're going first
time when we say goodbye to you got
Walmart so don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
