oh my gosh are you kidding me I'm not
doing it until I officially find out
that it's his because everybody else
good morning guys I am still in my
t-shirt because this morning symphony
made this really creative little I don't
know are you playing a game or are you
just pretending things let me show you
I'm making and I'm super proud of
something you're staying patient I've
been working with her on patient then
you have to respond when the little ones
annoy her because they are fine I was
teaching her when you get frustrated
with the little ones instead of
immediately tattling or raising their
voices take deep breath take another
deep breath take four deep breaths and
then talk calmly and so we've been
practicing that this morning is she
doing really good I think
hashtag one weekend and now it's time
for
okay guys now that go noodles over
you're all pumped out Symphony and Buffy
you're going to clean your rooms but you
get to do each room together kind of
hard to believe it is after I gave her a
plant that's it now make sure he knows
this strip is here okay well I have my
title I might have gone shower milk is
gone Jim oh don't forget some bad news
open up go first know what you ain't he
took it
where you can go give me some more yeah
Gemma teller really see you come in I'll
get the paper you without do something
you know car polish your skill
okay you say you're the ones behind
probably about 200 feet 1950 200-meter
yo yo welcome to our humble abode
so today's plan is to open up the
kitchen to the living here on extend
this wall but we're gonna take one step
out of time so today's plan is to take
this out but I think in order to take
all this out Andrew and I are gonna have
to make and an IV cuz that's a
load-bearing wall and um so we're going
to start by just taking off the outer
layers of it
take this down I know some you're like
no don't take that that's cool I like
the bar Andrews one of them and by the
end of the day this guy will be hurt
some way or another probably what do you
think it'll be your hand your foot or
your face I think it'll be your chest
huh
what's the HD factor but your yes the
fact with hand okay
right oh my gosh are you kidding me
she's so yeah
Oh whoo you think you're gonna get
something yeah not yet you got to finish
helping things
are you all ready here you go ma'am here
you go sir this is awesome
cuz first we got to play and then we got
to do gonoodle
and then we got to do a little tag and
then we got to do hot coco like it with
school oh yeah mommy likes to keep it
structured when we have days off from
school only a lot was it really hot i
cooled it off for you are you ready for
your try it hey do you think she likes
it I don't know so how do you feel
working as a team cleaning gun how did
you like working as a team while
cleaning
we're all ready to head out don't eat
everyone's dressed for fall except
Abraham what are my eyes beholding Abram
what are you doing buddy
oh me oh my what a man I need this
keyboard out of my car before tomorrow
there's obviously stuff to take to the
Genesis center on the way to my mom's
for family Thanksgiving tomorrow oh my
goodness Bobby wait thank you baby I
love you I need my tomorrow oh my gosh
how many
what did you do there because it - I
took close bangle and damages
and I'm so glad too that behind me
because I was just getting a little
concerned with me not really good like
I'm gonna end up having to Anderson try
your work both lean body and being such
a hard worker such a man for such a man
I got you something get your chainsaw
plastic baby once you know cut yourself
dude it's a still chainsaw got you your
very own tool belt
oh man come on man let's see it there's
smaller sizes
your very own hammer I used it a couple
times that's my favorite hammer I've
always wanted one but yeah yes it does
I'm serious freakin doesn't know I knew
you wouldn't believe me man did I make
things like that just forget I knew you
wouldn't believe me I don't know why I
even got it well you're gonna need this
to open it
check that out dude that's nice damn
yeah now we're really ready to work
Cheers okay that's not okay
belching that's weird dude that's not on
camera you know I don't that stuff on
camera okay pants PO now
I'm just guessing I'm gonna hurt my
ankle first put is actually my shoulders
I mean he sure twice already last time
burger
do you want to tell them that what it
already
mrs. Anthony he's installing our
internet or trying to just got back from
lunch guys we are playing with our new
water meter and I already broke the
little cap that goes on top I thought
they just pop off that's how it was
always for us you just pop it off and
get to the meter it's all electric and
everything we're gonna see if this water
works water works like Monopoly last
night given our early feeding you but
the game crash no actually I beat you
you know you went bankrupt like within
like 20 minutes of there oh it's clearly
27 minutes so this is where we'll help
to make a line from here all the way to
the house actually we'll probably just
make the line from here to the pump
because there's already lined with a
pump to the house
in days we got water awesome that's so
exciting
so the satellite guy he cannot dig a
hole out here here's the hole he tempted
he's got to go three foot in and this
place is covered in quartz we had about
two feet
that should be enough this is just such
hard ground that's a rock like all the
way down first we could go for those of
you who aren't aware probably none of
you claims he owns a piece of property a
15 foot wide piece of property running
from the road through the forest and it
goes right behind the house right here
what's way too much money for it and I'm
not doing it until I officially find out
that it's his because everybody else is
saying that it's mine
he's the only one so we're in that
situation and if we're kind of feeling
like he's kind of spying on us here back
to work
so I took this back wall the kitchen
down because I'm converting this
bathroom into a pantry it's going to be
door or either here or on that side
probably I don't know maybe it is smart
just to cut this one in half and make a
small bathroom right here
so those that guys we have a room to
work what to put our eye beam right
there this room is gonna get huge
because as you can see all that's gonna
be gone once I put that beam up there
and this wall is gonna be extended there
and repaired I just heard a whisper said
I'm coming for you creepy that goes
again you're coming for you hey you hear
that
thank you Sam time anybody want some
kitchen cabinets here they all are you
don't want to donate them to humanity
society I've got what it's called but
they take supplies and stuff where I'm
gonna just kind of silver cheap mum are
you all right Andrew come on get back to
work man you sort of lag I'm not water
told me not to do what I'm told that's
what was popular when just now hey being
stupid you're sitting next to shut up
Andy went up into the void it's coming
we're gonna hit this thing now it's a
big piece of plywood attached to the
ceiling you first and as we go down the
street it gets a slight bit darker and
the tree starts to show up really good
so I thought I'm gonna grab the vlogger
and kind of document the tree
I think it's doctor it's gonna be so
beautiful you guys
uh-oh we got an injury I heard way back
there Abrams little scream I'm coming
what happened hey man there's no blood
still good to go power rings are
stronger Power Ranger when they fall
down they get back up okay
how's actually looking back there guys
it's all it's really daylight but it's
good definitely getting darker he's back
to normal guys okay you can still see
the tree glowing back there Symphony's
pushing Jules I'm riding my bike boys
kept their scooters getting darker out
of here so beautiful oh my gosh you guys
it does not feel like fall that's for
sure this was like a cool summer night
okay it's getting a smidge dark here's a
good tree looks like now it's all lit up
and beautiful yours down good that's
right I knew you were gonna be trouble
one day
the very center the tree is all that
have been gorgeous thanks for hanging
out guys there's something eternal group
I'm looking one day I say we drink to
that
so check this out guys we got the floor
out over here in the kitchen so one of
the major things that need to be done
here is leveling the foundation the
foundation over here is way too high
thing is because it's so close to the
ground over here cuz it's on hill so I'm
gonna try to correct that somehow what
are you doing dude and you're what are
you doing what you were looking under
the floor a puzzle
why did you do
yes
what the heck dude what are you doing
alright I snapped danger out of that now
whoo got some dinner we stopped at a
hotel again once there I am general
Staal general man I said that Jim Jim
I'm gonna chase Afghan hamburgers gyms
they're gonna need a man James James
Davis is sonic always go to that gym
store but no dude this is sonic man your
clothes everything Jim Jim wolf car wash
no man Oh your clothes everything Jim oh
my gosh
scrappy
all right Jim and I are about to go to
bed and I'm about to read my Bible Jim
speaking come another day I have
question of the day though what are you
reading out of the Bible right now I
like to know what you're learning
I'm reading in matthew about jesus
chippies our eyes where the ladybug
infestation
nuts no I don't they get it in here
Oh Alice's bye Slytherin boss 27 I am
rich you're so beautiful
even with the infection everyone is
beautiful in their own way and you are
beautiful in their parents inside we all
love you ain't Rachel Wow thank you
alright guys don't forget we love you
remember love each other I'll see you
tomorrow for another day on the job site
Jim won't be here too huh my truck which
is right there just died we nearly
forgot all the fittings that's why I
recorded all cuz I knew you wouldn't
believe me we have nowhere sleep go put
it back on your bookshelf thank you oh
she's gonna be as
