Avram and I are up pretty early reading
warming
Symphony sleep in blocks
teaching how this puzzle right here
let's scooch it to you baby mama only
grabbed mr. yeah yeah just feet in one
piece Oh Oh take off his hand
no but I know the girl I got to carry
something tell me
perhaps this milk endured
perhaps it is
give me a bell
is
I thought they were in that kind I
wonder why I wouldn't worry they just
make circles I wonder why - I don't
think water can make that kind of shape
baby bubbles are just soap water
Martha Carson and I have to show you
something is so cool what was it there
bubbles oh thank you look even sit me
you're gonna clean the window
Oh
after you're done with that window can
you clean all the other ones thank you
what do you have planned for today
making some oatmeal that's right we're
on our way home from the post office now
you guys are so awesome thank you so
much we can't wait to get home and show
you guys what all we got
I think somebody back here where are you
Sam got a couple packages that his elder
awesome just oh you guys are so sweet so
just real quick I'm gonna go down the
line who sent us letters the packages
are in the back seat so that'll be on
the next video okay we got Logan from
Ellsworth Sarah from Concord Ohio V
Ramirez from Kerrville Shannon from
Birmingham Alabama this is from Victoria
from England oh cool and Anna from
DeSoto am Ferrell from Humble Texas it's
not sure this one doesn't have a name
but it says Royal Mail on it and I'm
Jocelyn Hepler from Kitka tanning PA
what did you think of those bracelets
well this doesn't look like a rainbow me
I just have to say thank you guys for
spoiling our girl
it is just so joyful to see her face lit
up she's like they're still making me
bracelets and she just like loves each
and every little gesture that you guys
send to her thank you so much she does
she just loves the package every every
week we go to the post office just peal
box time ha ha ha
all right guys I'm a little excited to
open Jamie Fairbanks package I nearly
left the kids in the car to get in here
no ha ha ha don't worry they're in here
you were so glad about a month ago and
as a really touching letter he said his
first time writing fan mail and he has a
really big beautiful family so we got a
letter it says Sam I noticed that many
of your followers are women and all the
gifts coming in are for nian symphony I
mean it does make sense since me as
beautiful and Symphony is so darn cute
but how about a little love for the dad
right do Cannon break up so that's a
brick of soap right there I want to
smell it I bet it does smells like
pepper it does well who is eager to try
that out
don't have to worry about dropping this
up with this sucker oh my gosh
no neighbors from Fairview Park Oklahoma
from palm chipper it says don't tread on
me last thread is that a band yeah I
think Tom Shepard hey Sam I have
accepted your challenge by sending you
something manly we have a few different
designs but this one in particular is my
favorite and I hope you like it too you
can check out my website last ENCOM
thanks Tom appreciate it man that's cool
last thread
that's a nice print good quality sure to
thank you Victoria
I cannot wait to open this up and smell
it all so this package came from Tessa
Mae one of our loyal followers she said
Sam a gift card me some earrings and
symphony a coloring page thank you so
much Tessa Mae from Noel graves she sent
a really awesome inspiring letter and a
very cute headband for symphony and then
the carpenter family a really awesome
thing it looks like the dad writes
children's books and he sent Symphony a
really cool book that was signed they
doomed their own music they have a CD
the older daughters has an album so
thank you all so much for excited
salmon's symphony are over here opening
a different package oh cool this is what
he sent us just some artwork this is
awesome thank you so much Aaron did you
make these Thanks take this Texas flag
trip to go see native Texas set their
spot anywhere in the state and take this
creative photograph of it we create flag
and travel inspired art of all kinds and
you can find us by googling Austin's
fire in fact anyone with our artwork is
welcome to contribute will that we love
bata funds from every state around the
world but it's also a challenge you do
yeah oh that's adorable maybe if you
ever want to come to England need
something from England email me another
thing we wanted to share we got this
really awesome collage from Sara it is
just so well thought out so check it out
and Sam's name she put the nurses symbol
Symphony got the treble clef there's a
wreath on the dot of my eye every pain
is the aim of the blog and then she did
our Scrabble letters you this is gonna
get its own page in our scrapbook for
our fan basic and last but not least
Jocelyn Hepler sent salmon are the
sweetest gift a gift card to go on a
date night is that not also or what is
sauce so we'll bring you guys along on
this date and hopefully we'll get to
take it soon symphonies gonna show us to
the darkest part of the picture at Sarah
center where is it
would you put it oh yeah cool do you
love this evening yes I got something
else really cool in the mail I came
straight to our house so I'm not sure
how but somebody sent us shirts with Sam
and Nia pocket that's a sama Nia I came
straight from Urban prints.com we didn't
get a name so if you sent this to us let
us know so good thank you
that's a channel Jersey this is our
channel shirt so here I am
let's see the back looks so cute in it I
love it I'll try mine on later I gotta
get ready to go on a photo shoot guys I
got a wedding to shoot tonight with my
brother and just so you know we just
love you whether you send us anything or
not so if you're not able to get out
there and send us anything we love you
just the same we appreciate that you
watch our videos and we love hearing
from watching our videos is enough guys
we really do appreciate you though
saying this stuff it's just really
exciting go for the letters he a little
worm jessimae thank you so much for the
gift card I'm gonna lock you for playing
demos you campus today I got to be there
in 10 minutes
I ordered a cinnamon Dolce latte
so I'm just waiting here the stools look
out the window enjoying the beautiful
scenery check it out
that's me thank you there it is I
haven't been drinking very much coffee
since I started a gallon a day challenge
this is like my first coffee since I've
been doing it I had a couple sips this
morning I need a coffee refreshing
especially today I'm just feeling kind
of drowsy boom Pelican case 1510 it's
really nice because that's wheels on it
and it has this handle like this around
that's what I love most about it when
I'm shooting weddings I use two cameras
when they're my weddings I mean but when
I'm just shooting as a second shooter I
just use one camera rule that I pretty
much live right as photography is the
art of preparing to be lucky so I often
just like set myself in the stern yeah
and prepare myself versus a certain
situation that's how I would go about my
whole day I reflect you know over man in
the mirror I'm waiting for somebody
the door preparing to be lucky and I
failed but I prepare myself and that's
where you get the really good shots so I
think Matthew said they're not even
gonna allow any photos during the
ceremony this is a pretty strict strict
wedding I've never been to a wedding
that said you can take any photos no
ceremony start thinking about coming now
this is all I have to shoot through
so the ceremony is still going on and
we're doing what we can he's got a wide
angle I got my zoom lens and I just want
to thank you guys for you know really
making my day today the fan basically
made my day really Tessa
Mae got me that coffee before I came to
do this wedding so I feel energized
ready to shooting and Jamie got me that
soap which I used before the wedding and
I smell great and feel great and I feel
productive so I just want to give you
guys a special thanks for making this
wedding shoot extra-special we're done
shooting the wedding for right now we
just did the ceremony and some pictures
afterwards we're going to Matthews
apartment you guys get the cards so this
is where Mary true lives
Dena isn't an apartment complex and
Ellis you know what somebody actually
found Matthew through our Channel he
does right over here you say I'm just
talking about you
this is Matt's room Nia made this for
Matthew she did the only thing on his
wall picture of my mom and dad and mom
dad and Matthew my cute kitty was Oh
Matthew took these in India he wants to
show it off
here they are those are cool I like this
one
double-story hi I'm Sam's brother
Matthew is older and wiser and smarter
and more amazing brother oh look I got a
picture of symphony right through my
desk symphony sends me stuff in a mail
sometimes always appreciate it I'm
saying goodbye to Matthew now I know you
guys are all curious what's going on
with me at a moment to moment basis wait
I don't want you to go yet you just want
me to go but I really got to get home
because I think I'll say goodbye to you
all right here we love you and remember
to love each other symphony isn't a
small exception
