me is about to go to the post office
with both kids without me and I'm gonna
go work on the yard and do some work
outside on the house this is my first
time to carry him on my back so I'm
practicing loading the boxes in the car
for when I get there he likes it back
there she likes a you know like a cute
little spider monkey all right so I'm
not helping her see how she does you
don't great honey
I love it I should wear him like this
when I get ready in the mornings this is
like good Aman do my hair
yeah just put them on and walk around
the house and do your things get the
kitchen done sweep yeah first things
first is what I'll be doing out here is
getting this table out of here I'm gonna
have to carry it to the backyard let me
take you to our back yard because I've
been back here a long time ago so I just
recently started replacing some siding
on the house that was rotting well I'm
working on getting it ready to paint
there's not like this color and as you
can see in the front there's a lot of
just a lot of paint chipping off and
it's all over the house it needs to be
repainted so before we went viral that
video and viral I had been working on
the house and so this is where I've been
doing right now all I did so far was
replace all the siding on the bottom it
was this was all rotting so this
extended all the way down here the red
went over down the bottom but is rotting
on the bottom so what I did was just cut
the bottom off instead of taking the
whole siding off the side of the house I
just cut the bottom off and replace the
bottom of it and put this put that trim
right there already place the whole
backdoor I did the front door too so I
have to finish with the trim on this
door and I have to go up here as you can
see I took all the siding off up there
on the roof all this up here and I got a
cut pieces to fit there I'm gonna finish
the siding job I started about four
months ago today I think I'm gonna seal
that table that's in our driveway once
and for all
and outside working on the AR and I
think I can convince him to move it
where I want it and let me seal it so
I'm here looking at all these sealers
these little water sealers I know
nothing about this and so I think it
seems pretty simple though I just need
to know if it's made for wood so here am
I on my roof and I'm trying to find the
right angle to cut these pieces for I
don't have an angle finder and rather
not get one I'd rather do this without
using an angle finder and score me some
tricky cuts because there's an angle
here and there's an angle here I decided
on this one helmsman's far urethane it
protects from sunlight the rain
temperature change all kinds of
different things and it's got a picture
of wood stuff on the front of it it
doesn't say wood but it's got the
picture on it so I think that's why I'm
gonna go with this one
symphonie do you know why mommy parked
over here cuz we got a kiddie pool I
gotta put it in our car read it it's
right there on the outside I'm gonna go
put one in our car I don't see here on
the nice vehicle no honey it's behind
the bicycle the pool see the Frog yeah
we're gonna put that in our car guys
predicament
well the cuts all wrong not all wrong
but looks like I need to make it less
steeper angle such a hassle so I just
saw earlier I was practicing to go to
the post office with a broom on my back
it's not gonna happen today I got this
webbing pull at Walmart and when I
started trying to put it in the car it
was too big like our car is pretty big I
don't understand how the swimming-pool
did not fit it just was a lot bigger
than I thought so now I'm heading home
to get Sam to see if he'll help me strap
it to the top of the roof
how about feeling he's gonna be less
than enthusiastic about that idea I
changed my mind I made the cut work and
just had to really push it in underneath
the the roof area over here it fits it's
not perfect but it'll do
now gonna go make my second cut I think
this is gonna work fingers crossed that
Sam is in a stopping point where he can
help me
okay well I already told them I was
coming to ask you this so I got one more
yeah I decided to purchase a kiddie pool
because I wanted to refinish the table
all got sealer and everything to like
fix the table up with from and so I've
got a kiddie pool cuz I thought the kids
would splash out here I can't get it in
the car the kiddie pool
I'm gonna do put it on the roof I need
your help the kids are in the car
waiting for you I said sit kiddie pool I
thought we were gonna get a
regular-sized pool we're but you don't
have time to put that up today and I
thought it'd be fun just let the kids
splash last when we're swimming in the
big pool the kids need a kiddy pool true
anyways which one did you get the little
slide okay and I need help and Symphony
was an exception all right so I gotta go
to Walmart now guys I was doing my
second cut and you interrupted the
second cut so I learnt actually not the
same cut but I'd go fitted up there she
wants me to run to Walmart and fit a
pole on the roof I really just did not
see what's happening and look what I
come home to
it's he the sweetest or what I'm so
excited it actually looks really nice
out here and oh and it kind of even
matches our chairs that is super cool
all right
taking it to the car
I love days like this see these are my
ultimate all-time perfect favourite days
Sam working in the yard the kids playing
napping me being crafty making lunch
just doing stuff around our house
together
grateful that we're living close to
Walmart
cool daddy pull-up
let's show you what we got here going
over here so you guys done - wait here's
the pool this is where we put it we used
to have a pretty big pullout here this
is where we put the old dining room
table thinking he already showed you
that Sonia has lunch ready for me I'm
gonna go in and eat some pizza bites or
something I'm so far I got my second cut
done finally this is the second cut this
is the third cut that's a crazy shape I
hope it fits right in there it's
supposed to fit right here over right
above the door real quick and go back
out so I threw my pieces up on the roof
over here and this is what I have to do
to get on the roof climb up this ladder
come up the tree right here and then hop
up right there kind of a hassle wish I
had a tall ladder who are shorter roof
and I'm now doing this with zero hands
I have hammer and nails in this hand
expecting those pieces to fit which I
have a good feeling that they're not
going to you with my luck slight echo
this is my neighborhood yo this is it
we have huge crepe myrtles right here
and this roof is blistering hot I'll put
my hand on it and it's burned pretty
good the only problem is I don't think
these lines are straight up and down I
think drew actually had a slant a little
bit like this kind of a bummer but
nobody sees this anyway not that big of
a deal now for this big piece
okay hey miss measure Nina hey uh take
it Nia throw me up the tape-measure
still there on the grass yeah oh thanks
for my goggles throw it up to me oh
honey oh right in the eye glasses all
right thank you
now when you're doing this kind of work
you always won or safety goggles
especially if you only have one good eye
likely that it'd be poking out that good
eye is 50/50 you symphony and I are here
we're gonna try again with the
dishwasher it's still not working
properly is it so what do we got here
what does this call linen lemony shine
oh let me shine we're gonna see if this
works
Jess you're not gonna comb Nia you need
to come check on me more often I could
have thought the roof and been laying
out here dead alright got it all done
here it is not perfect lined up right
there
I'll perfect that joint in a minute here
it is all up there oh cool
not too bad not gonna nail it up and I
gotta put up some trim okay so far I
have all the siding up on the roof up
there looks good it's a different color
because obviously we're gonna be
repaying the house and that's why I'm
replacing it the writing whatever you
explain that so right now I'm putting up
the trim around the door and what I'm
having to do with this trim is knock all
the nails out I'm gonna get this piece
all prepped and then I'll take you guys
along with me when I nail back up
because I know you guys are dying to see
what it looks like to nail up a piece of
hmm I'm back on the roof and I've got to
put up this trim that will do for that
one now I gotta put this other piece on
and when I was taking it off I actually
broke it so I still have the broken
piece have to replace this wood so I'm
just going to know it on against it like
so see just like that I don't like to
waste wood more materials reporter all
right now I'm gonna put the corner round
up okay nice it's so nice not having to
get new wood because it just fits and I
don't have to resize it or anything so
just use the old pieces I made the
mistake of buying cheap detergent in the
last couple of times and I really think
that it's affected the way to dishwasher
works so we're gonna try this out we're
gonna use all let me shine which is
really not that expensive it's just like
a dollar more than the inexpensive
detergent for your dishwasher so we'll
see how it works and I guess I'll let
you guys know it is hole done looks
pretty good this little gap will just
caulk I wasn't able to fit it right in
mind if I tree down the cuts oh there we
go
all the trim is up so I guess the next
step is to clean up well guys thanks for
coming along with me for this house
repair I hope you guys enjoyed repair
time with Sam tune in next time and it's
hell then keep on cutting Freddie drawl
it nice
so many colors in this kitchen
boy he's brush on the floor so I'm go to
mints meeting I haven't been in a while
so I'm a little bit nervous ain't gonna
lie about it but I do I need to surround
myself around godly men more often than
I am I do meet with Heath every Thursday
as you guys know how to do a little
Bible study but that's or every
Wednesday but I'm on Thursdays every
other week they do a men's Bible study
we're good on the other week they do a
women's Bible study and I haven't been
going to mind just because I'm just
tired of driving by this point because
I've Drive so much and it's in a
different city and it's a lot of driving
for me not too much about thirty minutes
but still just get tired of driving but
this is the time that it's really worth
driving to Bible study meeting because
that's where I get the most out of the
drive I guess this might translate man
this guy gets around so good he could be
in the back room and he could be over
here on the computer and then she could
say Abram come here and you will crawl
all into the hallway around the living
room come through the kitchen and go all
the way in there to go see Mia he's
awesome lay in him he's an expert girl
yeah that's not his whole body goes like
this videos crawling all right let's
show you
so I just got back from the men's
meeting tonight it went really good
we talked about a lot of personal stuff
between us men I'm very glad I did not
bring the vlogger you guys want to have
want to be in there anyway you guys
maybe would have won I've been in there
kakashi can't talk right now I'm sorry
I'm so sleepy
knee just left the house because we both
have a sweet tooth she's gonna go get us
some something from bombs or sonic not
sure she's oh she goes Brahms oh we got
honey small strawberry veneers oh wow
looks delicious
that's a shortcake strawberry shortcake
strawberry banana shortly innocent as in
split this is a small check out my
street you know traffic are you sure
that you ordered a small tea I don't
think you did this is always this small
you musta ordered large yeah score me
Sonia wants me to say goodbye with her
on my back for some reason so don't
forget okay I did it wrong guys don't
forget we love you I remember to love
each other
mm-hm am i heavy Sam no no like this all
day long
okay got it thank you
yeah probably so I'm having to drink
more than a gallon of water today
obviously because I'm sweating so much a
gallon of water is for normal activity
during the day I'm having to do hard
work like this I got a drink at least a
gallon half so this is I've already
drank a gallon this is another twenty
four ounce so
