hey guys welcome back to Wednesday's
with Nia back here we've got my craft
section and today we are going to get
crafty we're gonna be making fourth of
July themed headbands red white and blue
and afterwards I'm gonna show you guys
another tutorial of how I like to wear
my headbands so stay tuned have some fun
get crafty and get stylish with me this
is everything I need a hot glue gun with
some extra glue sticks scissors some
cute flowers to go with fourth-of-july
theme and a spool of elastic today we're
going to be using this really really
cute roughly red and white gingham
pattern elastic I love it and I think it
adds such a cute detail to the headband
you want to cut your elastic at 14
inches so you're gonna want to put a dab
of glue onto one end of the elastic
bring the other end around and attach it
like that and I just hold it tight for
about five seconds here you have your
elastic headband now you just want to
pick out some flowers to coordinate with
what you think so we've got this cute
red and white gingham headband and
several flowers to choose from I think
for this one I'm going to do this cute
fun blingy blue gerber daisies
the way I do it is I turn my flower
upside down and I'm gonna put a strip of
blue going horizontally and you want it
to be a very thick line of glue so then
I take the seam where I glued the
headband together and I simply go across
that horizontal line a blue on the back
of the flower
and really guys that's it that's all
there is to it
we have a really cute headband now it's
red white and blue so the glue on that
one needs to dry before we try it on and
do some fun stuff with it and I'm going
to show you guys how to make another one
but with two flowers this time and this
time I'm going to use one big red flower
and a smaller white flower so you start
with the bigger flower and again you're
gonna do the horizontal line of glue lay
the theme down flat across the glue
there you go
so here's what it looks like right now
and I'm gonna add this medium-sized
white flower now neither one of these
are really small so you want to overlap
them this time instead of putting the
whores the glue horizontally on the back
you're just gonna dab it all over and
place it kind of towards the center of
the larger flower but this is what the
flowers look like now and we still have
a step we have to do right now since the
flower got stretched longer by adding
the white one we have all this space
that's not connected to the headband so
we got to do that really quick again
with the horizontal line you're just
gonna go to about right there I don't
like to go all the way to the edge
because of some of the glue bubbles off
it's gonna be visible so now you want to
lay it down and just attach it so let's
just try them on and see how they look
when I'm wearing my braid to the side I
like my flowers to be on this side oh I
love it you guys are helping me make an
order for someone pull you guys how does
it look for those of you who watch our
daily vlogs do you remember the one
called how do you like my church hair
well I'm gonna show you guys how I made
that church hair and hopefully you guys
can master it a little bit better than I
can so we're gonna use this one to do
the church hair look and just FYI when
you put these on you always want the
smaller flower closer to your face let's
get a close-up how do you guys like it I
like it a lot I'm excited about it it
goes so good with my shirt I found an
article when Abram was born about like
easy updos and so that's where this
comes from I'll link it below so that
you guys can go back and reference it
when you need to this hairstyle is
called the tuck and cover you can wear
it around your forehead like this or
like if you have bangs you can like
scooch it back onto your heads so I'm
just gonna use this method right now
show you how to do it so you're just
gonna take strips of your hair and tuck
it into the hairband
I do one strand from each side at a time
and I'm do side by side and if you want
you can stop there and leave it like
half-up half-down but I usually go all
the way once I do a few small ones
there's just this little strip left and
I usually just wind it around like this
and then I tuck it in at the back so
again on this side and you tuck it in
there you have it what do you guys think
you guys like it I want to see pictures
if you guys end up doing it this is the
side on Days just around the house I
like to just wash my hair let it air dry
maybe spray a little bit of like beach
wave spray into it and then just take a
headband put it on and fluff whatever is
out and if you're like me and you end up
throwing your hair up by the end of the
day this is just a cute little way to
put your hair up I just twist my hair up
in a bun then I just take my headband
and put it on like so bring out some of
my little flyaways and there you go well
thank you guys so much for coming along
with me to see how I make my headbands I
hope you all learned something thank you
all for the orders and for allowing me
to be a part of your day hope you all
have a blessed one we love you and don't
forget to love each other bye
