a bush a bush
can you hear Teddy in the dryer doesn't
make you sad
so if you can't hear his jingle it'll
make you sad cuz it usually makes you
sad when we put her in the dryer sipping
is to always Crowley took her teddy away
from her and put him in the dryer she's
just like go nuts like no I don't want
Teddy's on the dryer like we're putting
him in a furnace or something when she
hears the monition oh she's getting dry
and clean and cozy but when you take him
from the room to the dryer it's like no
I want to sleep with Teddy hey cuties
hey you guys my dishwasher isn't working
see all that mess so I'm gonna go do all
these dishes and all of those by hand I
know right my life is so hard I know
everyone does dishes by hand
occasionally but it's not always the
easiest thing to do you've got to little
kid I was running around because that's
really really time-consuming to do
dishes by hand especially this amount so
I'm just gonna get started on it and see
where it takes me
Symphony is eating her mid-morning snack
what are you eating Pony snacks hmm
Abram is down for his morning now we are
gonna be having a little playdate here
in a little bit with some friends and
they're gonna come over JJ and the
babies and so I'm really gonna try to
make a dent in all these dishes before
they get here that I don't think it's
gonna happen I don't know
I like dry this is my little dish dryer
we've got our little mat out and this is
her towel bubble I have bubbles to wash
them with and I found a new package of
sponges and we are just about to go to
town
I guess my hand can be fun after all
it's not that bad Abraham's sleeping
I just told Symphony now I'm gonna talk
to Daddy about giving her an allowance
when she helps out with chores and she's
just got the best attitude over here and
cleaning up I'm proud of her out of you
an hour later this is where at in this
thing all have pretty much got left is
silverware and the dishwasher is
completely done what was your favorite
part about drying dishes Wow drying
dishes even when you are cleaning and
grabbing and rubbing that was my
favorite car thank you so much for
helping me I love you let's give a high
five since we did such a good job I'm
almost done all right thank you so much
look who's awake
hey he just woke up and our friends just
got here right when I'm getting finished
up with those dishes so perfect timing
I'm so excited
Abram it has outgrown his infant carseat
and my friend Jennifer here she just
made it out of her car yeah she is the
sweetest girl ever and look what she
brought for Abram Jennifer here is gonna
teach me how to install this because
it's been so long since I've done it so
we're gonna go do that okay this was
Symphony's car seat we have it covered
in the Chevron I'm getting rid of it
once again of course when you take out a
car seat that's been in the car for like
seven eight months like his husband this
is what we found some fan mail it's
actually just envelope a bib sunglasses
baby toy lots of baby food chrome
stickers you that's so gross
they got cool dude
all right let's try uh-oh but we did it
yeah it wasn't as hard I was gonna be
it's lunchtime now and it's raining
outside so how do you have a fun picnic
with five little kids and it's raining
you just make an inside picnic like this
we all have PB&J we've got little Chios
and symphonies got some pickles and the
grown-ups are gonna have BLTs - the L
and I'm using fresh tomatoes from our
garden I'm so hungry
neither one of us have had breakfast yet
and it's like 12:30 we do other moms out
there get breakfast a lot because you
just have so much going on we do a lot
yes every day and I'll just like down my
coffee and I'm like okay I guess I'm
kind of good now then I get the jitters
or not like that wired the playdate is
over and I'm gonna be honest I am
feeling so I must stay at home mom mom
isn't just someone you are it's
something you do and I guess I just felt
like today am i doing that great of a
job I'm sure all moms have these moments
where they feel like am I actually doing
it right or you know my mom always tells
me there is no right or wrong you do
your best and you love them a lot and I
feel like okay I I did that now so
according to my mom standards I'm doing
okay today but I feel blah on the inside
we're gonna show daddy Abraham's teeth
he's got six teeth coming in see those
four up there look at those and then
you've got two on the bottom coming in
it's kind of hard to tell on the bottom
lip no he's got two on either side of
those there's it's hard
Jude Jude symphony hit a cup that she'd
bitten hole in at the back of her closet
and I'm gonna go witness a I'm talking
to her about
I found it while I was getting some old
clothes out today well simply you can't
have this anymore it's gone you did it
you ruined it don't you say the whole
fair you know exactly what you did wrong
mommy daddy he sees it every single time
hey broom just come out of the bathtub
and I wanted to give you guys an update
on my dishwasher situation I realized
that you're supposed to like clean out
your dishwasher every so often and it's
been a really really really long time
since I've cleaned my dishwasher out you
know you poured the powder in and you
run the cycle the dishwasher just
finished running it's clean cycle anyway
so when the kids are in bed I'm gonna
reload it and see if that helps out and
I guess we'll find out in the morning
because I probably won't stay up to
check it we really hope you guys are
enjoying our vlogs is there anything you
like you don't like we hope that we're
not boring you guys all the time I
especially feel like I am when Sam's not
around because I kind of do the same
thing every day I stay home with the
kids and I clean and I cook we just feel
like we've got the best fan basic out
there you guys are awesome and we just
hope we can continue doing this like
forever we love it we love you guys and
we hope you all have a great night and
remember to love each other bye
Abram could not viewers especially all
my baby viewer friends
