good morning fan basic how are you guys
doing today we are on our way to church
and it's raining outside you guys see
I've got my fluff hair over here from
the rain I kind of fixed my hair this
morning and it's just blah now but
prepares Sam and I are teaching today
interesting you've got on our pillar
shirts we had a long drive to church we
it's about a 30-minute drive so I always
put on my makeup in the car on the way
to church
unless I end up having to drive and then
I have to do it like right when I get to
church it surrounds around already done
the rest of my makeup I don't wear very
much but
today I'm not exactly sure what we're
going to be learning about in class
because it's like the semester I think
has switched over and I don't have a
list of the current
studies that we're doing so when we get
there I'll just go through the finder
and find the lesson and kind of read up
on it and
we'll get started with the kiddos we
have been teaching children in church
settings for a few years now since
before we got married we do a VBS class
every summer at our old church and
you'll get to be a part of that with us
I think this summer I think would be
teaching one thing that Sam and I made
up I'm pretty proud of this is the
worship train right I really like the
worship train all the kids line up their
chairs in a row like a train and one
person gets to be the conductor and one
person is the caboose and they sit in a
line and they stake their worship songs
and they you know
how was teaching class today Sam Arthur
I went good except Abram cried in
nursery so I run across the hall and
pick him up out of nursery and he did
fall asleep in my arms is the sweetest
thing at the end of the class today I
just held him and I whispered in his ear
and he started falling asleep break here
it was the sweetest thing you just what
he looked like
you saw his face out rosy and just melt
it - Sam it was so cute
somebody's getting cranky better you can
crank u7e
I'm about to go there very neighborly
deed the neighbors over there left her
car window open they went out of town
Oklahoma show the car so there goes that
plastic bag over the window me with her
go Sammy score oh he's taking the
shipping tape off now how'd it go well
the bag wasn't beat up and I honest I
couldn't get to take the cars all wet
but it's not very windy so I have it
secured on one side of the door in the
top part of door so let's see what
happens
that was nice I never I cared for my
neighbor this week so I just got the
kids put down for their nap it's like
2:30 in the afternoon and it's cloudy
and raining out here and I am just ready
for a nap myself today was a little bit
of a different day we taught Sunday
school and I love teaching Sunday school
I went to school to be a teacher and I'm
only one semester away from having my
degree but I don't know what I'm gonna
finish that probably one day I'll finish
it like 5th and 6th grade I really like
that age we usually teach VBS for those
ages and today we taught the ages of
like three to five-year-olds I think we
just mainly had like three and
four-year-olds though and I just loved
it it was awesome I love seeing them
learn and get it they just get so
excited about every little thing I mean
like everything like okay guys we're
gonna come sit over here now yeah we're
going on a table I want that chair with
that chair I do miss being in the
service when I'm worshiping or listening
to the pastor speak I'm like alone with
God and I you know nothing really can
distract me from that usually and I come
from a smaller like country church and
I've just always learned that you know
that worship is what happens in here you
know in your heart I guess right now I'm
just trying to remind everyone that
worship is what's happening inside of
your heart it's not what's happening
around you kind of like a church isn't
the building we go to it's the people
inside of the church Symphony just woke
up from her nap and
we're having a little bit of girl time
while the boys are still napping not
eight inches at Walmart Symphony I have
something exciting to tell you what do
you think do you know what we're gonna
do when Daddy goes to work tonight
what are you ready for it yes we're
gonna make play-doh play-doh homemade
playdough and in that afternoon reserved
can i play wait we need it color mix we
have color on it we do yes what color
mix are we gonna use I don't know what
else do we put in it to make it smell
really yummy you play do you remember
it's been a while wait a sec cinnamon
cinnamon isn't that delicious
yes it's gonna be delicious yeah I'm
gonna make you
is she gonna watch us make play-doh yeah
hi we are here making our play-doh and
we're gonna show you guys what you need
to make your own homemade playdough
first you need 1 cup of flour flour next
you need 1 cup of water okay then next
we need a tablespoon of oil 1/2 a cup of
salt and 2 teaspoons over here of cream
of tartar you need food coloring and
cinnamon pour all of the powders in
together the flour the salt and the
cream of tartar this is the wrong
direction here we go okay grab the salt
now we're gonna pour it in I think it's
really heavy we'll do a team work
dump that right in there good job the
next step is to add your liquid so your
water and your oil okay let's do
teamwork thank you what color did we
choose Hey all right drop it in we'll do
five or six little drops
awesome that's good really really pink
so now what you're going to do is cook
for three minutes continuously until it
turns into well play-doh
okay okay we have about two minutes left
in the stirring process and it's turning
into play-doh really well we just took
it out of the manhole and tap it's a
mini it's just really hot really awesome
ooh you want to spread it out and get it
nice and wet and leave it there for
about ten minutes to cool it's way too
hot it just came off of a high burner
for three minutes I know it's hot flip
it over you can do this part
either way let him hold it let's see
what he does with it
wait Michael this is baby proof if you
were to eat it now I'm not gonna let him
get it in his mouth or anything but it
is childproof if your child actually
gets in your mouth it won't make you
sick
that's childproof what do you think of
this here I just want to see what he
does with it not now oh he said I don't
want dad it feels yucky he doesn't like
it Symphony and I just finished cleaning
up her room sorry what because I
accidentally Oh broke it off oh that's
okay I can fix it do you remember what
month it is yeah
we're marking off the days of the cam
unthe symphony and I've been learning
the months and so it's June and today is
Sunday Monday tomorrow's Monday watch
after that we've been working on the
days of the week and the months of the
year well she goes really well she knows
something that is and if we continuously
work on the days of the week she usually
knows what day it is
symphony and I were cleaning and we
picked up all the books and when I came
back
what did you make so far on your plate
with your play-doh doggie a doggie B
what are you gonna make I wanted to do
the hand the hand and I wanted to do
something different a job and you guys
are gonna need an airtight container to
keep your play-doh in so it doesn't dry
out like regular play-doh we just use a
large Tupperware container making
play-doh is a really inexpensive way to
get your children involved in the
kitchen mixing things touching things
with their hands if you like doing
sensory activities with your kids this
is the perfect activity and they also
love it they love play-doh Symphony has
this giant tub of cookie cutters that
she got from her Nana and gets in this
cubby behind me up there see it it's
huge and she gets to pick out five
cookie cutters at a time otherwise we've
got couldn't kind of shine all over the
house and it takes like half an hour to
pick them up with a 3-run but you know
guys I really encourage you to do this
with your kids and if you do please take
pictures and share them with me I would
love to see you and your kiddos a bum
labrum is ready for bed can you say good
night buddy oh by the way Sam did not
get a chance to do his signature
sign-off but we do love you and remember
to love each other I was gonna sneak up
on you I wanted to see what you look
like sleeping
what what did he do there's our old
table down there guys I think Sam has an
itch well it's just
