so let's just kitty apple and cinnamon
oatmeal and egg and bacon awesome can
you blow my steam away I will thank you
for sitting at our new table okay Matt
get out great good morning to a little
person so what do we got going on today
you asked I have a wedding shoot today
and right after breakfast I'm gonna
start preparing for it you get all my
equipment together you know buddy what
do you got going on today mommy
well I think that sandy and I are gonna
take the kids to a black it up well she
already knows a water park I was gonna
spell it just in case we don't go but
yeah it's a water park or a splash park
yeah what are you got going on today I
don't know yeah oh by the way I've
already drinking 124 ounce cup of water
so far as soon as I woke up I drink one
and I feel great you are such a good big
sister Symphony's working on a very
special project this morning you guys
all know how crafty she is can you tell
me what you're working on right there on
where a fly steps oh and I know whose
card is that is that mine or daddy's
usually oh all right so I'll leave for
my wedding shoot in about five hours and
right now I'm just kind of taking
inventory of all my stuff making sure
all my equipments prepared batteries
charged CF cards inside the cameras she
is working on writing you all thank you
letters
yes good oh cool
the little bit heard me I was going to
sneak up on you I wanted to see what you
look like sleeping
love you with that shirt buddy now we're
going out of the danger zone where are
we guys
splash kingdom not this time but wait
wait wait
it's not very sunny today and waters
free whole
what do you think
what was your favorite part so far
the stream Tuffy what was your favorite
part my favorite part - what about you
guys my favorite part was what's behind
it
Frankle
we are done at weds own it was okay if I
were to give it a review I would say
like five stars out of ten I honestly
didn't feel like it was the cleanest
we've been to and it was really small
for the amount of money that we paid
because when you go to splash Kingdom
that's the one in Canon it's a lot
cleaner a lot bigger it is five dollars
extra but it's also closer to where we
live so all in all we all voted what's
our favorite water park that's right
Hobby Lobby and I had to nurse a broom
in the car because we were in there for
forever and they had 80% off sales to
Iowa's worth an 80 percent off stuff we
were in the Hobby Lobby longer than we
were at the water park I'll have to show
you guys my Hobby Lobby hall later I
will just pull it all off for you guys
later on tonight when I put the kids to
bed the kids decided to take a selfie so
my son ticket of them
it was there Sophie we all have our
favorite YouTube channel and so my
favorite YouTube channel is kids
snippets or boardshorts TV it's where
they get their kids to talk about a
specific topic and then the adults
reenact / lip-sync those topics go house
and what would you do on your perfect
day imagine I trying robach you alright
so you guys will be robots sounds good
it's incredibly in pecan what do you do
when you go to Walmart okay
our kids are all going off of known abs
aren't they so precious it's like almost
8 o'clock at night hey guys I just
wanted to share with you my Hobby Lobby
haul from earlier today so to get an
idea of what happened we went in for
some headband accessories and salt and
pepper shakers and we wound up on the
80% off I owe for like an hour
I told him when I left today was $41
first I got some straws these are for
Symphony's birthday party they're purple
and white striped straws and they match
the doc McStuffins theme pretty well I
got this really cute little decorative
cage you can put a candle inside of it
or just whatever you want and I paid $3
for it what do you guys put in these
little cages can you guys see this
little guy it's an owl he's really big
so I'm gonna use him for a centerpiece
on her wreath this next item is my
favorite find of the day I've been
looking at it seriously for like three
months at Hobby Lobby every single time
I go there I look at it to see if it's
on sale it's this awesome piece of
artwork it's half of a bicycle layered
on top of what looks to be like old
newspaper clippings and the original
price tag was $29.99 and I paid $6 for
this oh my goodness it is just adorable
your that I got some mesh for a wreath
little party umbrellas this is also for
a wreath you spice up my life and then
it has different spices listed we don't
have a ton of artwork in our kitchen
it's newly remodeled all the same
remodeled it
the month that Abram was born and we
just kind of slowly been getting a theme
and colors and stuff going in it and the
colors are this peachy color and mint
which is kind of like this color because
Sam does spice up my life um people are
we're on spice up your life okay and
then the next few things I'm going to
show you is what I actually went into
Hobby Lobby for two different ribbons
for headbands several little flowers to
go on the headbands red white and blue
several more little flowers to go on
headbands for red white and blue and
there you have it forty-one bucks for
all of that when one of those little
artworks alone were $30 I'm just so
excited anyway Sam is still at his
wedding hopefully they'll be getting
home soon the kids have already been in
bed for a little while now thank you
guys and you'll have a great day see you
tomorrow in the walk I don't know what
my house looks like right now right
imagine you think I was about to say
enough Oh Jennifer is actually the one
who showed me Sam I was new in school
and so I didn't really know who either
Rader twins were and she's like I'm
about steena the grader twins are well
show you think and that's how the first
time I saw Stan traitor was and I knew
his name would put it to a face in
everything so he's going to have you to
thank for
No
