good morning fan basic I am getting
ready to ship out my boxes can you see
them stacked up back there my little
sweet hubby packed them in the car for
me this morning and all in all I'm
shipping out 12 packages today everyone
who ordered a fourth of July wreath will
be getting theirs within a week would
you lookie there
anything out these wreaths is so
exciting I'd love it and it's just fun
that like once a week I get out of the
house for like 30 minutes to an hour to
do like my job it's a reason to get away
from my housework and you know just
mundane stuff that can get boring or
annoying or tiresome and anyways I'm
just so grateful for all these orders
you guys thank you so much I'm hoping to
be doing a giveaway on my page soon
wreaths mania so be on the lookout for
that this is what's happening at our
house right now it's been going on I
would say for the past like 10 minutes
Symphony and Samer play I don't know
what they're playing Symphony isn't her
alright Symphony show us what you got
first Avery was really against this
house crying and distressed and she's
stronger than she looks
working on her buddy does not like this
somebody isn't as if somebody opened
enough
symphonie what do you have what weapon
do you have Wow is it a sword what is
daddy huh I thought it was a mechanical
so here we sit outside on this tiny
bench all four of us smashed on this
tiny bench and we want to inform you
guys of an award that we have been
nominated for we've already announced
this previously and a QA but we want to
make it official and just let everybody
know now that we've been nominated for
this AMG award artist Music guild org we
are being nominated for a movie of the
year for our frozen video that we did
and it's going to be held and North
Carolina North Carolina thinks and it's
going to be on November the 15th at 7
o'clock p.m. and Sony and I are going
for sure we haven't decided
or they haven't decided if they're going
to be able to get symphony out there
with us but basically what we'll be
doing is we're being nominated for this
award but we're are also going to be
performing we want to be on the stage
redoing our video that we did the frozen
video so I guess they're gonna have us
in a pretend car and we're actually
going to do a lip-sync to it so that's
going to be pretty cool to get to do
that move I think Symphony should be
there and you guys think symphony should
be there we need to let David L Cooke
know who's the producer of the show and
so if if you really think Symphony
should be there with us please give it a
thumbs up this video so you guys can all
let David L Cooke know that you want
Symphony there with us too we're going
to leave a link to the press release in
the description if you guys want to
check it out and read more details about
the AMG heritage Awards but that's that
and we really appreciate you guys
support and it's gonna be just a really
cool journey for us to do that sounds
like a lot of fun doesn't it yes do any
of you guys live around the area where
the AMG Music Awards are held
maybe we can do a meet-up yeah of course
they'll be awesome guess what Symphony
and I made
today can you guess are you guessing
inside your head right now it's not that
hard think about it really really hard
did you figure it out yet well if you
did you're right we made brownies whoo
anyways we're gonna be working on
something super duper duper duper duper
exciting today for you guys so I don't
know if Sam wants me to announce it yet
but we're gonna be working on the
project Sam do you want me to announce
it we're gonna be making our intro guys
I'm super excited about it we're gonna
be getting ready here in a second after
we eat dinner and we're gonna go out and
get some creative Bibles going on and
we're just gonna run with it I guess
it'll be a few days before you guys see
what we put together but hopefully
within the next week or so we'll have
that up for you guys we haven't tried to
call it a stet but we plan on trying it
maybe we'll try tonight
this isn't regular things I think they
were completely new of course I am
different that much all right let me
have it
I'll fix it okay one two three
did it fix it yeah oh okay
he's about to cry of course he is always
about the cry she's over here reading an
article um she's about to cry this is
really good it's just a really good did
I already show you this one
that ball yeah I don't think so I don't
think I've ever seen that ball oh hey
one day the grabbing machine yeah
Andrews good at does gravity machines
isn't it yeah so are you
so am i I don't feel like good actually
I don't remember the last time I want
some others grabbing machines however
one time there's this game at the movie
theater and it's a game where you have
to I don't know what's called there's
these blocks that go back and forth and
you stop it by pressing a button so you
stop three blocks and then the next row
has three blocks and it bounces back and
forth from side to side and you got to
stop it right on top the next block from
on the bottom so you're basically
stacking blocks and it goes real fast at
the top and then BAM I stopped it and at
the winning Neah pull up a picture of
the game that's the game you pulled it
up Frank and I won the top prize I get
to pick out of several huge prizes and
so what I end up picking was the
Nintendo 3ds I was worth 250 bucks or
something
isn't that awesome I ended up selling
the game to some network for a hundred
bucks all right guys we're at Walmart
and I'm starting a new water diet I'm
gonna drink a count I'm gonna drink a
gallon of water a day
hey buddy I'm gonna get my first week of
water right now we were just at the park
and a couple of other people asked us to
sing with them we saying let it go with
them so yeah I've been recently wanting
to do something from a help and I read
that article and I thought it'd be
perfect because I don't drink a nearly
enough water he's so excited he got me
being Joel or putting the table right
now so nice
that man making a decision
he made such a good solid decisions
every day
baby feet
that's how I know you're dissipating
baby
princess what are you doing
what's it feel like
doing what you're doing
I was still proud do you feel like I'm
ready for my friend you feel like I'm
glad Nia does this every other time not
all set for you that you have to do that
pack them up
hi Sam
they're symphony eating some late-night
cereal at the new table do you love the
new table we got rid of the old one we
found this one at Walmart on sale
I think this skirt is crooked though
yeah it's too long on that side yeah
I'll have to fix that yeah they both
swivel
pretty cool huh she had meatloaf for
dinner but she's eating this as a snack
I guess anyway you guys like the to
think you send out really cool it's like
exactly what we were wanting some small
you know something flat on one side
wherever both but it flat against the
wall over here which is really cool and
it's still rounded on all the other
sides I'm just so proud of that dad come
table so proud of it I love it simple
things are crazy
you got me this insulated cup it's 24
ounces there's 128 ounces or again
that's like yeah so I'm gonna have to
drink five of those every day she just
rigged the house my Twitter Thrones to
cut before bed what means what does that
mean what's gonna happen she's gonna
have to pee the bed really huge so I got
rid of five of these cups to improve my
skin complexion my house my bowel
movements I don't think probably the men
suppose you know it does help it's gonna
happen energy too so tomorrow morning I
will take a picture of my face before I
start boy house and at the end of four
weeks I'm gonna take another picture of
my face never compare my skin complexion
just overall look at my face you'll see
what happens and I have my twin brother
to thank for this challenge you'd want
to send me the article showing a woman
who did this for four weeks and put and
proved her health so I'm excited to do
it something cool to do and you guys
could follow along with me and there's
my first gallon of water
pickle juice in popcorn our favorite set
so we're just sitting here about our new
little kitchenette set that Sam set up
for us do you guys like the table cloths
company and I picked out and check out
the kit hand towels behind me we have
right here a chevron pattern a little
floral ish listenable pattern and owls
so anyways I'm super excited it has just
been a long time coming hasn't it Sam we
just stumbled upon the right sale we
paid less of a terrific table at a
perfect table the perfect price perfect
ears and this table was cheaper than
what we bought at the pawn shop it
wasn't a pun shop was an antique store
antique store we're now sitting in the
driveway
yeah into the orc I think we should seal
it with a special kind of outdoor sealer
and put it in our backyard because we
have no furniture out there and maybe
cover it with something and don't you do
that bro I want to do that really bad
these people have wooded picnic tables
anyway so we just want to tell you guys
good night thanks for coming along on
our day we have an awesome time blogging
with you guys uh-huh so don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
you know you can't leave I like shiny
things it's best a little too much I
realized that the last time I made a
vlog in Walmart I'm supreme is best it's
just because I still have to breastfeed
and so I'm not able to wear strapless
bras yet sorry if that's TMI but let me
see if I can reword it for the vlog
