I'm really excited I love going into
stuff and I love reading your lies
they're just so motivating and
encouraging Thank You Joyce thanks for
the bracelets Justine hey guys you got
another headband how cool is that leave
this Cara thank you so much for getting
that for my wife that is just so cute I
appreciate you guys send me all this
stuff but you all you few guys out there
who watch your vlog I know this is just
a few of you I want to challenge you to
just really get out there and send me
some packages because I want some manly
stuff you know what I mean I want some
knives maybe I'll even take like
headbands like random headbands that
would be awesome a blue headband in this
envelope was for Nia
sorry Sam oh forget the headband wasn't
for me thanks anyway hey let's use
source where you could get shoes for
cheap I don't want to spend any more
than 20 bucks
motorcycle shoes yeah I don't know about
that perhaps getting motorcycle shoes
that I need like mopping chew something
hmm
oh hey Don I'm looking for some
skateboard shoes skateboard shoes with
us 11 let me have something like that
Val's with that like the high tops yeah
so they don't have a large selection of
skateboard shoes these are kind of cool
these ones just not my style
scuse me name yes I need some motorcycle
shoes motorcycle shoes because I'm in
motorcycle from the rover's daddy oh
okay well what does she wear well like
this sighs okay if you want to measure
your foot yeah you're gonna be in about
a nine and a half maybe ten no she
actually is in a ten okay act a little
my cubicle okay well well well I got out
of there was spending less than $20 so
that's pretty cool
I spent only $0 they didn't have the
shoes that I was looking for
man it's bright out here Oh it was like
wow oh it's a little um ah it's a little
studio thing at this what is the Vindhya
paper it's a cake topper does it say mr.
miseries on it The Legend of the Indian
Paintbrush remember we picked some and
made a paintbrush out of him it's a book
about I'm gonna read it to you tonight
you do yes I'm going to MA I can in a
minute it says symphony we hope you
enjoy this story as much as we did with
love the Ramsey family
there's the Ramsey family and their
daughter
Wow does she really yes thank you did
she make up or everyone coming up can I
sit so I made salmon it's a girl
Maternity - purrs classic nap phone with
a lunch packaging paper Oh why'd you get
oh my gosh you guys seriously look we
got four side flip flops he's giving
back - knocks Sam well you gotta hear -
Wow here's this I believe this as a
headband but it's made with wire cool I
want the chicken one to giraffe for cool
normal shirt I'm Mickey Mouse Minnie
Mouse shirt shirt this is from Jessica
at London gray just hard London gray
cool it's an etsy shop so you guys look
up London gray we good everybody
background they get him over there hello
guys oh wow oh mighty dad for me yeah
this definite oh my goodness look at
this dress that is awesome
Justin how you mrs. outrageous I cannot
believe you sent this to her hi my name
is Samuel and I'll be opening this
package this massive package Richard and
Bianca oh those are so cute
it's going to be a it's gonna be a oh
wow I bet I bet it boo dun dun tada
here's some leftover lace that I bought
when I did crafts for our wedding
ooh what is that thing yummy
human goodies these are just for Nia oh
wow oh my goodness for that ribbon wow
that's really cool the wire to the wire
riot is the best so thank you I'll be
making some awesome stuff out of this
it's a brand-new color rainbow oh that's
my Bible card tell me Sarah oh it's a
family Oh what's her name
wow what a cool name and look at the
bull bait here little puppy but for you
yay
Christian ever you look at about this
money like twinkle little star here yay
thank you guys so much we are so blessed
to have such a wonderful fan basic we
love you guys and we're gonna be
finishing up going through the letters
later on well Nia and Tiffany are
leaving Abram and I tonight to have a
boys time together oh yes she is
well she's weaving other than me and I
radial you going to Rachel's and mommy's
gonna Bible study if Abram and I are
staying home come to Papa there we go
help me get it to be if you guys can't
tell Abraham's not used to being away
from mommy
so mommy gets a little high stress Abram
gets a little high stress
oh you guys like it super dad good boy I
sewed to have the mommy dance down mommy
has left every midnight together right
now and I'm trying to figure out
something we can do together and I
thought we could do a little challenge
with you guys I'm going to set out three
items at the end of the kitchen and you
guys have the cast your vote below on
what you think he's going to go after is
he going to go for the taquito is he
going to go for the last bit of toilet
paper we have in the house or is he
going to go for a handful of this paper
packaging it's really fun stuff or I'll
put for Adams is it going to go for this
pineapple that Nia bought for decorative
purposes only
okay cast your votes down below right
now okay
no cheating you got to cast them now not
after the
is over here's our items Kimmie Abram
which one is going to go for oh he's
looking at toilet paper oh he's the
taquito look at him look at the paper
over here and the pineapple you see the
paper oh he's making himself comfortable
what's he gonna do what's he gonna do
what's he gonna do he's thinking about
it which one you want buddy pick an item
Oh what are you gonna do
I thought is good for the toilet paper
you are teasing us what are you gonna go
for you better pick one we got to start
over he didn't pick any of them he's
about to walk into their room Wow
okay okay I'm gonna change his diaper
sit again wait wait oh my goodness a
room you little tease your kids alright
he's frustrated about something go
change his diaper maybe give him some
milk and then we'll try again so whoever
put nothing in the description you win
hey broom I don't know what I'm gonna do
with you I don't know FedEx just arrived
with this big thin big package I want
packages I'm sure it is the one who of
course me is the one actually to order
but I'm gonna open it she's not here so
how you doing it cool okay putting
together and makes one big carpet okay
oh I'm not sure if it's going to cities
or Abraham's room what do you guys think
put your vote cast your vote down below
not to joke but um I think I'll go and
set it up and ah I don't know
no no I'm gonna think about it so I'm
getting my little brother involved now
and this is what I decided to do with
the carpets I have no idea where she
wants to put them I think she wants put
these in the playroom but let's try and
figure after going on Abraham's
reciprocals wrong so the rules are it
can't be food okay because he'll go for
food public very quickly so Angie's
gonna pick a thing and I'm gonna pick a
thing and we're going to bet a couple of
bucks on this let's do this all right
Andrew decided to go with the foil she's
thinking he's gonna go for the
Shyne eNOS of it I'm going sake you guys
know if you love sake
come on evil gonna like do this easy for
you
o sake bring him for you Oh
everybody oh boy oh gosh I need sexy get
something shiny there's Sox buddy again
you know you look scary killing your
wife you like shiny things
oh come on buddy come on you like shiny
things you like shiny thing ah yes is
that what's just happened
alright Andrew and I got our new items
I'm going with the new flip-flop you got
today Melanie a pen and the new rule was
it can't be anything shiny so we put
everyone else's out of kitchen your new
football buddy Brazil flip-flops come on
buddy get get the fun you want poop in
this will feel good on your teeth
they're gonna spin now it's fun so
you're gonna do leave it fail come get
it come get it get the pin oh you get it
yeah get the pen yeah oh man one for me
one for Andrew to s oh here we go
last round all right Avery make daddy
proud
make daddy proud which one you want your
new piano or your old sticky or your old
stinky garage which one you want this
run you want room you want the garage
apron Luther grant leave this slide you
glad you stopped right before you got
there he told there was that piano you
want the garage piano buddy look this
one makes a lot of cool noises open
can't make it oh that's not fair
I know not even April mind you want to
come play the P in the garage like your
console we were a promoted Raj McDaniel
cool it is in the garage come on buddy
you know what to do
bang on the garage you know what to do
come on give bang on it
come on over looking fine but no no no
hey really Oh No
I thought you'd like your new piano you
little punk you little punk er you there
young man
Sandra wings on yes yes got you yet
second place got you stay put Hey
second place is fine there's only two pi
am ii i'm proud to say that I'm saying
you got last load through a second I got
second look at those legs my goodness
anyway I want to encourage you guys to
go um pause on Twitter so we can
communicate with you guys and for this
video for next couple days I'm gonna be
following everybody back who follows us
for the next few days
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other let's go to shop we're
making juice up here on the counter you
take the first drink out of it you did
it
trying too hard drinking up the other
way around
but that
