look at daddy we did like him first and
then and then we did the frosting
then we did this wrinkles hmm which
parts did you do
my mommy helped me with all my stuff she
did yeah I can mix it by myself oh yeah
I saw a picture of that it was all blue
whatever is that cake bless you I don't
I don't know we have to keep this on day
except so yeah so we meet crediting
that's way tomorrow
the festival's house you could all eat a
please oh I just got home from work
symphony always agreed to me when I come
home from work she runs to the door
actually before as soon as I come to the
door I hear say daddy such an awesome
thing to come home to so roses red yes
ma'am I'm trying to figure it out here
there it is
good morning good morning cutie how's
the little me oh hey little person Oh Oh
be shy don't be shy of me oh my god it
says leave me alone his little sleepy
air neveri I told you is crying alone
last night
whoa no will put their butt stuck
together I think you guys spit up in his
bed oh yeah that does hurt cut up a lot
of time to watch Noddy don't come on
so you had a rough night honey very
rough night oh my gosh I'm sorry my face
feels smart like no sleep
okay whoa Abram
I didn't get to go to sleep almost like
one and Abram woke up at 2:00 like
hysterical and so I had to let him
settle down and stuff if you just
wouldn't said when I got him
I nursed him he went back to leave when
I laid him down cried again and then he
only cried for like five or two minutes
and he went my sleep for a little while
and half an hour later he was back up
screaming hysterical again you sorry
come home and risky what do I want to do
hmm
I would love to do a lot of things right
now
but the question is what do I have to do
well you know what I am in the kitchen
why you want to eat breakfast no because
I wouldn't lay really straight he's
going everywhere isn't he were you going
so past so pal and I'm trying on the
iPad oh he's petting his octi what's he
doing he's so cute he's petting his head
you mean you mean stop asking sauce Oh
sock tea yes yes socks
I'm is it toy time it's toy time for the
little guy
going back to softie tackle the sock
DTAC home tackle
the couch and watch me play yeah sure
isn't it my iPad what's mine - OH
sharing it yeah okay I want to play a
puzzle
this one is easy just easy and dad you
know what when I'm all done making the
puzzle you happy when you look at which
one hmm how about that one all right
well you told me to pick boy what toy
can I can I pick are you gonna pick yeah
got it
okay you love that one we'll do that one
listen even the big one for most done
daddy
oh cool come to life no I movie it cut
into a movie yeah that's fun what a
mommy make uh Symphony yuck you Amy you
cold
oh haha it's not cold oh you like cold
you're so cute
you're the cute picture guys this is one
of my faves that's Abraham's turtle face
and Symphony's princess face
oatmeal with cranberries and raisins and
all sorts of nuts it's really good for
tea
we're getting ready to go to my mom and
dads for a little late Father's Day
celebration I have his gift here
what do you think of that daddy I think
it'd look good what's really good huh
uh-huh
which one you want that one right there
they're fancy whoa
because I know you need good to have
faith are you looking at Papa Bieber day
ear Papa you got a birthday present in
the mail
do you know where I hid it play I'm
gonna play a game hop up you got to find
it it's where you sit hey hey yep it's
in a place where we could sit down hey
guy on couch don't why don't you look
there you're getting really hot you're
getting pas you're getting warmer and
warmer and warmer warmer
for me yep get help and I'm like please
play this one oh this is from a fake
Oh
Oh what is that
ss RR what do you say look at the camera
look at the camera
thank you I love you err face that and I
love you do you like your hat in your
scarf yeah that's what you cute LAN LAN
it says New Zealand now you have a door
I'm in a little bit
yes who knew that boxes could be so
entertaining
mommy heat you do you'll be working for
our kids for the past five minutes all
right
ready not here at Casa Nia got symphony
and I a little toy to do a little
project to do together and it's like
build your own straw she got it on Jane
calm
Jane calm my favorite web site in yours
the worst web site but I guess it got a
little use out of it so simply I'm gonna
build a straw goes the bed we get to
spend much time together today so this
is what we're going to do to have a
little bit of quality time together
right now all right if you don't open it
let's do it on the floor because there's
a lot of pieces we have 90-degree angles
we have little boobies we have T's and
we have crosses so we got to connect
them to make a big straw out of them
doesn't sound awesome and why a loop on
each end I can't do ya know what's this
look plug it into the Jade do it like
this exactly plug the long one in right
there right there daddy daddy do it to
me this is what I've drops like so far
big long straight piece curved curved
straight and we even got a tee right
there
comes around like this all right let's
give it a shot
we're making juice up here on the
counter well you take the first drink
out of it keep second oh you did it
oh hey was it good yeah
ding try try drinking up the other way
around put that and inside the cup can I
get a drink of it yeah okay
I'm Carly
we didn't get a big what I'm not about
okay
mmm-hmm good why does it go there to
there you're right it doesn't go around
the loop huh why I'm not sure did you
drink it all
there's nobody daddy can you drinkin a
virgin
sure oh but we got to make a different
straw for it you want to why well we
don't have to I just thought it'd be
cool for me at another one
where're you going I'm getting the
kitchen light so I can clean them this
week okay well we won't be mad mother
her foot would get with what a slip on
it that's true
wouldn't want me to hurt herself again
then Oh cry for her this year mom that's
true we don't want mommy to get hurt or
cry so show us her new straw symphony
what did this this one she has to drink
out of all standing up that would be
great idea
I think that's plenty you can't drink
too much or you pee the bed hey I
already thanked huge you did huh
yesterday good
come on
it's working
possum daddy I promise on it stand up
from their chair
not as long a drink it I'm gonna do it
like that should be cute right my mouth
whoa that was cool
you have to come over here and do it hi
Daddy it's almost Oh God
now I really painted ah weird you safe
how do you think thanks cuz you want is
getting full okay no more than you have
to go pee before you go to bed okay
Sonia went to the yogurt shop to go get
a Seminole Girt yogurt cheered me no
point whisper you will read on mommy I
don't know let's put the straw away and
then we'll make another one tomorrow how
about that can you close the
refrigerator put it in your purse okay
so it won't turn out old this is a
really hard job it's really big you can
handle it hey Dad eats really big and I
will need your help alright I'll help
you mommy's here with the yogurt oh you
need some help
sweet frogs is closed how were they
really yeah son blue Ruby good Sundays
well they're really big so we couldn't
get you your own you can't eat that much
ice cream but daddy's has strawberries
and bananas and you get to share that
and mine has brownies and you get to
share that I love you I need you I have
just got so much that I have to do it
and I have a lot of packaging to do for
my reads I have to actually make a few
wreaths and package them up as well I've
been working on two or three loads of
laundry already in the past hour and I
need to finish that up the kitchen is
kind of messy and now it's even a little
bit messier since salmon Symphony's
little project and I just really wanted
brownies and ice cream to make it
through the night or just to serve my
night off like when you know brownies
and ice cream
suddenly I'm up interview yeah that's
what I was gonna say like I found my
place and it's thank you if you with you
with you with you with you love is an
open door camera - that's what I was
gonna say hey it's again our mental
synchronization can have but one
explanation you can see something crazy
will you marry me Hey Hey
can see some crazy yeah ah one of my
favorite things that Symphony does when
she gets excited like just now she was
like daddy I'm gonna show you a trick
that I learned it's like a ferris wheel
trick like a ferris wheel looking
excited she does this with her hands
exciting
Spray baby goodnight I love you you
can't kiss me more because my because to
remember I cried a mine just as gentle
kiss or on my teeth
okay
all the days over guys just want a good
night and don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
here's Nia back here hey me a fat honey
yeah she's back there working on race
and clearing out boxes that simply
filled up with toys
yeah she's illegal didn't you do good on
that what's in my purse blog I thought
you did awesome on it I just like watch
the whole thing like for the second time
thought she'd been really good I just
loved watching that face alright guys so
long we'll see you tomorrow thanks for
sticking with us on our crazy boring
days bye
you guys check out the goods I got have
you guys ever heard of nerve a mini I
downloaded survey mini up no he says
yeah he says me that's who
