it's always so scared of me what about
wearing my regular clothes are you in
this together it's always so scared of
me when I'm not wearing my regular
clothes
what made you your special you peed the
bed
come on the guys how are you doing today
everyone miss your PJs see if you're
actually peed peanut doesn't have any
smell - nothing's wetness bad man pee
pee gotta mop thank you
what's blankie what's this shit we'll
just wash your sheet and your blank you
go out cuz everything's dry don't smell
anything - it's amazing taking about the
baby brother she's so cute hey you it's
late I'm really excited about this
morning guys as you know Andrew and I
are headed off to Oklahoma to do more
work on the house so this morning I'm
meeting up with Grant you guys remember
grant he did drywall in our house for us
or texture he sprayed it for me when I
was innovating these rooms um but I'm
meeting up with him this morning at IHOP
for the first time he's a contractor and
he does some awesome work and I'm gonna
run by him my ideas on the house in
Oklahoma see what it thinks the best
course of action is and I see what he
thinks of my drawings of the place hey
guys we're headed to symphonies little
Thanksgiving feast slash program
ten over the nose and your strawberry
for the nose the eyes are made and
emotional in England
me and my little pilgrim are at Walmart
now I need one little things for the
outfit that I'm wearing in our photo
shoots not the sheer different opaque
tights but doesn't super dope aching
that it's not
can I get another cup of coffee sir
we're actually ending up our photo
session we took off walk down the street
we forgot to grab you guys sorry about
that you're still special to us we're
getting our photos done with none other
than Matt T photography two cameras okay
for mid-november it's pretty freakin hot
outside
and I told the kids and if I get the job
I'd have a surprise for them they
figured out that it was ice cream they
don't know what kind of ice cream sorry
already
that's right I snuck into bubblegum
bronze ice cream
she said say doo-doo-doo-doo digits here
and that trumps the ice-cream apparently
everyone just runs outside to him blink
it uncle - doing that purple shirt now
the shoots over Andrew and I are off -
okie mochi this is what I'm hauling this
bunch of big stuff that I want to get
out of the back arrow that I never touch
I thought your go home with me we're
gonna miss you this time
Sayoko
call me if you need me the single guys
email me if you need me I'm gonna be
there tomorrow so I'll be able to text
from my computer the plan is to have
satellite internet there in the morning
yes okay she saw a crime where I said
bye got you a book I'm gonna read it now
no no you read it on the way there but I
went any go home and study it for a week
no I'll come back
my experience not sleeping last night is
catching up to me now it is six o'clock
at night and it's funny that it's
catching up to me because about an hour
ago it hit me we are having breakfast
for dinner which is no less home-cooked
than any other meal
so how's breakfast for dinner you guys
mmm how's your breakfast for dinner
are you drinking watcher hey guys I
started feeling sick a couple hours ago
I know what's going on but it's not the
best timing hopefully it's just
tiredness I I've had a really long and
rough last couple of nights but we just
did Bible time we did out of this book
tonight we read about Moses and his
staff turning into a snake so at the end
of the story I did a pop quiz with the
kids and I kind of tied but really
symphony answered two of the questions
first so she gets to choose our song for
tonight I you can come up and you can
copy my Russians whoo jesus loves me yes
I know tells me you guys say something
it doesn't belong in our house that's
right Matthew left his dog here I chase
time to him and I just had the phone
facing Lucy and he's aside like oh my
god I think they may come back and get
her later
so I'm making myself a sleepytime tea
and I'm gonna go to bed and
I'm going to flavor up my tea with some
essential oils my cranberry apple cider
vinegar
good stop we're just a crackerjack
we got here blood runs really broke you
just pick off into the night fuzzball
poor are down for the Badger you wash
your hands
oh man tattoo sticker stick it flip it
stick it blip it
got it o'night bring the ballpark till i
download flip rad well the picture comes
alive hurry don't ya this guy's what a
rip it's an advertisement for stupid I
sure access my camera back to show
location
sure oh wow you're giving access to
everything well what the what does it
deals proteomes
house farting oh maybe put it in the
stadium somehow nothing's on the picture
there's nothing I won't load you in
their learning this is that the stadium
was the sticker that's the thing oh
really what's happening right now
then best pops up I hit that dot - and
then it's a sticker oh I meant Oklahoma
were just now arrived to a state we're
doing dinner we're doing mixing food for
dinner we're going bowling I was ever
really cool man you check this out let's
say even have they have the rights to it
I'm not bad a license to have it on a
mini it's a good question I'll be right
well but yeah a car but you could get it
like a license to building not on your
product so we're gonna keep the milk in
here because the fridge in the hamper is
broken not broken boat I can't get work
this hope so rock paper scissors
whoever's the winner purple one do them
the more two out of three no we do it
right now ribbon yeah if I could wake up
finally totally never will shit to it
I'm walking down here in the morning
that's all I know
no way
Oh Andrew we don't have to sleep
together again but Abraham's not here
you can sleep in the other bed I'm
scared of ladybugs there's like one on
your face
Andrews going to come another day okay
guys what you got sir make you feel kind
of Elena
Gonzales Sam didn't know that there were
different size refrigerators oh my I'm
12 and I know but wow thanks a lot no I
didn't realize they may have different
heights this is what I'm saying cuz I
thought it was a standard height like a
door they'll make them the same height I
knew they made different size for good I
don't know how's funny though well guys
it's time for question of the day all
right guys so question of the day the
question is what is or has been your
favorite year in school my favorite year
was probably the tenth grade 1011 what
would you do if somebody claimed
something of yours as their own anyways
we'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you I remember to love each
other oh my gosh are you kidding I'm not
doing it until I officially find out
that it's his because everybody else
Oh
oh man why'd you leave the water on the
floor the water bottle hurt my toe
