hi guys welcome back to Wednesday's with
Nia I just wanted to say sorry about
last week I was honestly just super
unprepared but thank you all who reached
out and asked if we were doing okay and
who checked on us to see what we missed
a vlog we're going to do our best to
make sure that doesn't happen again okay
so I'm really excited about today's vlog
I'm doing my first-ever what's in my bag
here I've got my mahogany and gold
Steve Madden purse this is like my
all-time favorite bag my sister-in-law
actually gave me this bag when she moved
on to a new purse so let's just open it
up dig in and see what I've got in here
I'm going to start with the main
compartment in the middle but first I've
got to show you guys the pattern that is
inside I love it
there we go I'm not sure if you guys can
really tell but it's a really nice
chevron pattern and as you see a cute
little gold zipper over there the first
thing we have is this cute little pouch
my sister-in-law crocheted this for
and it's got an adorable bow on it and
so when you open it up I've got little
growing things inside it's not a makeup
bag I don't carry and make a bag in my
purse I usually just leave it in the
console of the car so inside of this I
actually have quite a few things first
I've got my bath and Bodyworks hand
sanitizer pink chiffon one of my
favourite scents next we have benefit
finna tint this is the red color and I
like to carry this around with me just
to touch up throughout the day to make
sure I've got some color on my cheeks or
my lips if I'm going somewhere nice on a
date with Sam and I use this almost
daily even when I don't wear makeup I'll
still put my Benetint on next I've got
pucker up dragonfly lip balm it's tinted
and it also has shea butter in it so
it's just really awesome for your
average I guess lip gloss I prefer to
just wear like bombs and like the
Benetint so next inside my little pouch
I have my travel oh and right now I've
got inside my travel oh is Burberry I
don't remember which line of Burberry it
is but I've got Burberry in here and
it's no
sandi actually gave me this for my
birthday last year so next I've got a
hair tie a clip I like to clip my hair
up more than I wear it in ponytails I'll
just show you guys it's super fast and
easy when you're on the go or when
you're bathing at home and it still
looks kind of cute so I just take my
clip by winding my hair around in a
little bun and I clip it up of course a
bobby pin especially for me because I
like to do this braid on the side and I
always have to pin up the opposite side
with a bobby pin next is my favorite
ever chapstick it is moisture plus by
Carmex and it comes in the cutest
packaging it's like gold and gray
chevron and when you open it up it's
like the perfect like applicator I like
it so much because it's just so smooth
and the last thing in my little girlie
pouch is another little travel-size
perfume this one is called hello by
harvey prints it's just a really light
very yet clean smell and sometimes this
is what i'm really in the middle for
when i'm sprucing up falling out next
I've got a headband you all know that I
like to wear these in my hair often so I
like to keep a neutral color inside my
bag for a while I'm on the go in case I
just decide to take my hair down put my
headband
and flip up the top a little bit it's
pretty easy to do you just stick it on
and you're good to go
next I've got extra clothes for the baby
I don't carry a diaper bag anymore so
most of the typical diaper bag stuff is
now inside of my purse and you know with
the baby extra clothes is a must and
look at this cute little onesie I think
I've had a pretty cute extra outfit
picked out for a while Roscoe rad like
dad my nursing cover and this is made by
Carter my sister-in-law got this for me
it's perfect for nursing in public but
yet remaining discreet it just goes over
your neck and it's got a thin wire right
here that kind of opens up and you can
see the baby and it's a nice neutral
print I love it it's lightweight it's
easy to just throw in your bag it
doesn't take up a lot of room I actually
have an empty bottle from earlier today
and on any given day that you see me I
will most likely have I used a bottle
inside my bag diapers
Huggies Abram is in a size 4 and right
now I only have 3 diapers left so I
actually should probably restock this I
like to carry at least 7 I know that's a
random number but I always try to make
sure I've got like 7 to 10 to go along
with the diapers
I've got baby weight and this is my cute
little sock monkey case that my friend
Jenna made for me
I've got my wallet which has your basic
credit cards driver's license
change cash that kind of boring stuff in
there
very cute though it's got a little owl
on and it says kindness matters yes it
does
sunscreen you never know when you're
going to be out and decide to just stop
at a park or a place to pull off or a
friends gonna randomly invite you out so
I like to keep sunscreen in all of my
bags a headband for Symphony for when
we're out if she takes hers out and I
can't find it somewhere in the car or if
we're rushing out the door and I forget
to put some in your hair I've got a pink
Hello Kitty headband that kind of goes
with all of her outfits a baby toy got
my paddle I know all you haters are
going to say what you want to say but
consistency is the key graduates little
crunchies baby snacks I've also got
Beechnut baby food let's see we recently
took macaroni and beef with vegetables
as you can see my Purser's for a lot of
money lipstick got my own snack in here
I often get hungry while I'm on the go
and you can ask anyone I'm pretty much a
bottomless pit I like to snack often and
throw up a blueberry crisp Clif Bar
which a is good for energy and B will
fill you up quickly and it just tastes
good
got a snack for the princess Hello Kitty
fruit sex lotion from Bath & Body Works
this is called golden magnolias Sun and
it smelled like summertime I love it and
last but not least in the main
compartment of my bag I
random puffs huh welcome to mommy hood
so that was the main compartment of my
bag now moving on to the little pocket
bum inside I've got three pockets in
this purse one main pocket in two small
one and one of the side pockets I keep
excedrin or advil & KCM gets a headache
while we're out got to take care of my
honeybees and the other small pouch of
my purse I keep some gum
now this is not only your average
chewing gum it does freshen your breath
but this is also a prize for symphony
when she has really good behavior every
day if she has good behavior all day
long I'll reward her and she loves
chewing them my cell phone with this
awesome cute cover from mobile mania if
you live in like city gotta check them
out um this stays in the largest little
side pocket of my bag also got my
sunglasses these came from New York City
little poopy diaper bags because let's
face it we don't want to put those
stinky things down inside of our purse
and you don't always have a trash can so
I try to always make sure that I've got
these little bags with me I keep them
randomly around the house in case my
purse runs out that I've always got like
one more like over there on that shelf
and last but not least what every woman
needs to have in her purse is okay
a pilot these were like the popular pin
when I was in junior high I remember
everyone wanted like these pilot ones
because they were kind of like gel pins
there you have a guy it's all indeed out
for you hope you all enjoyed my very
first once in my bag video I really had
a lot of fun sharing with you guys the
things that I take along with me and
everyday life and it just kind of gives
you guys a little bit of a closer look
into who I am as a person just for fun I
would love for you guys to tell me the
most random thing that you keep in your
bag and I look forward to reading your
comments bye guys hey guys welcome back
to Wednesday's with Mia how you guys
doing today today I'm gonna be talking
about traveling with kids
fun stuff when we were first told that
we were going to be flying to LA kind of
last minute I was a little bit nervous
I've never flown with either of the kids
and we
