hey guys so I am in the process of
getting ready for our friends to come
over for the craft day and I have no
energy today I don't know what's going
on I haven't finished my morning cup of
coffee because when I first woke up I
had like a burst of energy and symphony
and I just did a little Bible devotion
over ester some of you guys have asked
me what app I use on my phone for Bible
reading in my devotional so I'm going to
show you now so I use this one right
here in the very top corner and when you
open it up you've got a list right here
home when you go to home there's a verse
of the day and there's a little section
that says plans and I use this the most
this is a list of the devotions that I'm
working on I've got three different ones
that I'm going through and this one
right here is called children's Guide to
Esther and God's plan we are learning
about Esther and what she went through
and how she just forged through it and
trusted in God to complete his will for
her and we're not quite through it yet
we're only on like chapter 4 or like day
4 of it and it seems to be going pretty
good there's questions and pictures for
symphony to look at and engage in and I
just really like it oh can you show her
there's another toy in there Jennifer
just got here with her three kiddos
rather hope you're so cute baby that's
for your baby dragon
we're playing bubbles now whoa cool
chalk paint yes
you are styling in those flower flower
what is that word the oh did she give
you that
yes hands at eyes I'm sure if hands at
eyes --as he got the voice to go along
with the sunglasses and everything so
we're going to get some chalk paint
ready to go got water we're going to mix
it and then we're going to do some other
kind of crafts while the paint mixes in
and settles really translation paint
doesn't need to settle and mix in we
just don't want to go out idea it's hot
very so the baby boys are playing and
having snackies bike okay so now it's
lunchtime and we are getting some stuff
ready we're having chicken nuggets and
corndogs and little baby snacks and
stuff and then we're going to continue
on with the crafts we've done these
little crafts this is Symphony tan JJ
hasn't done his yet these are the twins
and this is Abraham's first little
handprint can you guys believe I waited
until you was almost nine months old to
do a handprint I don't have painting of
one ink print the plaster stuff nothing
I don't know what is wrong with me but I
have not done it yet and now I have I
can say that I officially have done it
so I'll put his name and date on it and
it'll probably sit out for a while and
later on going his baby book
Jackson you sweeping look how cute they
look sitting there together symphonies
riding her bike back there okay so I'm
really sad jennifer has to leave a
little earlier today than planned so how
do we know each other Jennifer well it
started whenever we're in high school
and I was on the gel team and me it was
a little manager and womp womp um but I
got in trouble and I had to click out
Angele team and so her and I became
really close because we started talking
together between the two of us we have
five kids but you can imagine what my
house looks like right now right guys
you can imagine you think I was about to
say some nose Oh Jennifer is actually
the one who showed me Sam I was new in
school and so I get really nosy the
Raider twins were and she's like oh my
gosh Dean of the grader twins are I'll
show you think
and that's how the first time I saw
whose generator was and I knew his name
put it to a face and everything so he I
kind of had you to thank for opening up
my eyes to my husband I would say s'more
but I wear someone else so Tiffany's
gonna make something over here what is
that
cool these are our chalk paints over
there they're pretty cool thank you work
better no I'm gonna draw Chan down cover
20 and everybody will like it when they
come to my final product what is this
yep a heart balloon no this is gonna be
a flower whoo I can't wait to see it
what are you doing little guy it's nap
time now so we're cleaning up the chalk
but I wanted to show you guys the
masterpiece that became of our pavement
rainbow hide your symphony I made a
little shapes area I love Sam watch this
guy's peek-a-boo peek-a-boo mmm check
these out guys this is a huge rate mmm
this is for a lady named Jeanette and
she's ordered for me before she has a
really big double front door on her home
and from pictures I've seen it's
beautiful and so she ordered these for
me to be festive during with the July
and I'm going to be shipping them out to
her here in a couple of days so I'm
excited that they're finished it's
taking me a little bit of time to get
them both done and today Abram and
Symphony both took about a two hour nap
hour and a half for Abram and Symphony
still mapping going on two hours and so
I was able to get those finished up and
clean up the house from our craft date
earlier Abram just said mama plain as
day while he was waiting for a bite a
chance beginning let's try this hi buddy
say mama
Hey say mama say mama Abram hey mama huh
oh yeah I'll go ahead and give you a spy
can you please call me mama
stinker I guess it's a no for you guys
I'm getting ready to do my hair time for
me to go to work and I have a splitting
headache so when I have a splitting
headache
I do my hair a bit differently not
really so what I use is the American
crude fiber so take a little bit on the
tip of my finger and rub it in the palm
of my hand
like so you got a D chunk the wax okay D
chop I'll rub it all over my hands and
then I take a little bit I put it in the
front it's a mini table like this this
is just to add a little bit of texture
so it doesn't look so dry and top and
and frizzy get a little more I usually
do it all with this hand so I rub this
hand to get more one front okay so
here's what we're gonna do with it right
now this what we do with it right now
hey you guys are my mirror so people
seem to like it at work yesterday they
said couple compliments like that where
hey who's the new guy I was like oh I'm
not new I just got my hair cut I know
other different but no I'm not new I've
been here for a couple years so and um
let's see what else did I get I got
looking strong Sam the ER director said
that Sam you look strong with the
haircut someone said I don't look like
Grizzly Adams anymore that one made me
sad because I like to look like Grizzly
Adams prison Adams is my hero
one of my heroes my biggest hero is
Jesus Christ so it's gonna look like
this and the problem with this wax this
doesn't hold up my hair so you a hair
fanatics out there what kind of product
should I get from my hair to keep this
up I mean I'm using wax all different
kind of waxes that's kind of what I like
hi hold emotion
American Crew fiber I've tried to gotta
be spiking wax that wasn't too bad
not sure I'm molding wax pliable hair
wax this one left a really greasy look
to my hair I'll try the rock on beyond
zone formula the meta clay
tea tree tea tree shaping cream maybe I
should try that again
it smells good I think this one does on
may be able to mix the two see what
happens MIMO come up with like a new
formula and what I mean I'm going to do
a really long blogger cuz Nia has to cut
this so she knows what it feels like to
have to cut really long put it so right
now I'm washing my hands and the way I
wash my hand was
eternal water and our instant gross
underneath the water and right now I'm
not trying to get germs off otherwise I
watch it there like 20 seconds that
scrub
Estonia said
that way when I'm drawing my hands I
usually like to grab a towel and just
like cup one of my hands I'm just like
really digging through my hand and just
like get the moisture off all fresh and
ready to go I think somebody sent my
haircut looking like a soccer players
and for some reason I really related
that one because I thought the same
thing when I got there good kind of
reminds me of like Italy team type
haircut because it's like big on top
I forgot that guy's name you said he's a
haircut guru but um I saw the picture
posted of some dude on our Facebook page
and he said that this haircut was some
pasta house and well weird word but
anyway I really like that hairstyle but
it looks like a lot to maintain what are
you up to switching over the laundry you
gotta go get some towels towels yes all
right show us okay
well dirty towels yeah okay I don't
really know what oh yeah once here dirty
towels have you seen his artwork yet
look at this she painted this one with a
group of friends
this one she painted for me for I want
to see my birthday Valentine's Day darn
sorry she may I painted it for me for
Valentine's I leave these cool trees the
little guitars and the next turn into
branches she's such a cute little artist
this one was done for Abraham's
gender-reveal party everybody put their
thumb print on what they thought the
baby was going to be so as you can see
the boy had the overwhelming majority
there was only five girls five people
who thought she's gonna have a girl and
this is her snowman she had she did
awesome on this issue so I'm blogging
it's been ten minutes now hoping he has
fun going through all this footage have
I mentioned you how amazing my wife is
every day I go to work she prepares
for me every day since we've been since
I've been doing this going to work at
nights she has prepared to lunch me
every single night so consistently
amazing oh thank you so you get with you
so much work I just want to say don't
forget we love you remember to love each
other
okay Symphony how many eggs do we need
look at the back of the box and show me
what the picture says how many do we
need one kill sweet three eggs and how
many sticks of butter hmm
one perfect as Sam was telling you guys
earlier we are going to make a cake for
my dad for Father's Day we did not spend
the actual Father's Day with my dad so
tomorrow we're going to get together and
have some lunch we're going to take him
a cake and his gift and Symphony picked
out the cake that we're making for him
she wanted a blue one so dad I hope you
like blue cake Abrams over here chomping
on some goldfish that's perfect
now chomp that up symphony called it
chomping when you kind of like um you
know break apart the butter and I help
you of course okay so here we go ready
one two three
and I can't hear you off any time soon
okay you're doing a great job mixing it
up we need water wire I know I don't I
would help get you to the water cuz I
love helping you I'm serious
can you can you walk
get him out be Melanie okay let's pour
it in good job
mix it all up mix mix it I can't wait to
feed it Lou tell me walk its training
really blue Wow awesome
nearly now we're gonna bake it oh that
looks awesome mommy guys he is symphony
what's your favorite part about baking a
cake
looking the snaptun I do with looking a
spoon I wanna taste it taste it hmm what
did you say
did you say mama I heard it where do you
giggle when I turn the camera on you did
you say mama
let me see you symphony Wow
you've got a dirty face okay Symphony
the cake is ready come look at it
mom yeah I feel get it yupi something we
gotta wait till tomorrow and eat it with
pawpaw what do you think of it he'll
turn eat the egg kids it is that one you
and Daddy marry yes that's what me and
dad is not married and that's what a
prom is in my tummy
all right we're gonna ice the cake now
it's all cooled off here's your baby
spreader and a agreement with my
grown-up when I match the cake is it
going to be all right good job sweetie
this is the best part huh
I just gave him a bath what was I
thinking hmm good job come over here and
do some real slow up high ball done
now one now we have to put the lid on it
and take it to Papa tomorrow okay do you
like it can you say Happy Father's Day
papa happy Father's Day pop them one of
mine and Sam's favorite traditions or
pastimes that we like to do at the end
of each day is talk about our favorite
part so since he's at work I'm just
going to blog about it my favorite part
of today was right before Sam went to
work we had a little bit of downtime
where the kids were playing they were
entertained with the toys and with each
other and we were able to just like
relax together lay together have a small
conversation and that just doesn't
happen very often especially when he's
about to go to work it's usually like go
go go it was wonderful it just felt very
grounding and really motivated me to go
finish the rest of my day while he's at
work and I'm just so grateful that we
had that moment together
so that was my favorite what was you
guys favorite parts of your day all
right well that's all got for you guys I
will see you all on tomorrow's vlog bye
please
you scaping hi
