show me what you did
that looks so cool we did a Father's Day
treat and I lit and this is the first
year that Symphony got to pick out her
own gifts this one a card and that one
tell me about it who is that I didn't
aim it red red um Rudolph it because
it's shiny no okay hey did you get to
pick out daddy's presents the first time
this year
yes tell me a little bit about your
daddy Rhea gross boring right what else
and we watched some movies do you play
hey do y'all play yes sleep when Sam is
working on the vlog I told symphony to
wait til he was done she just cannot
wait are you excited yeah what do we got
merry Christmas to me yeah oh it's
Abraham's foot are you gonna open up for
me yeah okay look it there's cameras oh
whoa cool
what is this built for the all the time
buddy
Wow hey did you - oh how sweet and you
can open one in acting all right why did
you want that one for daddy isn't me why
did we get that screwdriver for daddy
so whatever not batteries oh you're so
cute okay so we don't have to go looking
everywhere for screwdriver yeah awesome
thing don't look at it buddy
we go caroling this one what okay what
is this what is it you have to help me
oh can you give me a hint symphony what
is it give me a hit star Oh
somebody picked this out all by herself
mommy didn't know it like what do you do
with it including on your car seat I got
a laptop that's what mommy got for daddy
for Father's Day I know I let him pick
it out a long time ago don't show you
guys but she got a really nice picture
on the desktop for me this is Sam's
first Father's Day as a father up to one
into this is my best prison oh I believe
it I'm not even the president Symphony
let me see your beautiful dress who gave
you this dress I'm David and I love it
yeah it's a beautiful okay so we paired
this gorgeous dress with her ivory
headband and lace and coral flowers that
came from Michael and ondrea's wedding
when she was a flower girl and her cute
little mouth shoes with the coral bow so
just getting Sam's clothes for church
laid out
that is awesome jockey underwear that he
loves as you guys know and I picked out
this shirt for Father's Day it says
strength of the United and I picked that
out because Sam is the strong man and
hero of our household so yesterday was
Father's nice for you guys today is
Father's Day for me and so far Arne
maybe breakfast maybe some bacon
scrambled eggs thinks you made like five
eggs
Shampoo schmemmys seven scramble eggs
that were also every bit of safety I
love my
thank you so much
put him on another day it takes a lot of
time to put those on
we just left church and we pulled over
for salmon symphony to do some exploring
and check this out guys can you see them
out there
that is just so precious so I'm just
going to say now Sam you are such an
amazing dad
you are just blessing our children each
and every day with just your awesomeness
and your love in your leadership and
your knowledge your playtime I'm just so
grateful for you as a man and the leader
of our home and as the father of our
children I could not have been blessed
with a better man to be in my life and
to raise kids with me I always do that
you would be a fantastic dad but you
seriously surprised me every day with
just how awesome you are so thank you
for that honey I love you and I just
can't wait to see you grow with our kids
as a father just thank you for being the
best that there is and for making sure
that they feel connected to you safe and
efficient and confident and who they are
as a little boy and a little girl I know
that they're going to grow up with such
pride confidence and self-esteem that I
myself did not really grow up with
because I didn't have it consistent and
compassionate dad such as you so thank
you honey
you are amazing at being a father and I
love you
Symphony and I are in the kitchen and we
just made our own juice we ran out last
night and haven't had a chance to go to
the store and I'm gonna let sit for now
and get do all the juice part okay I
will
and so I'm gonna let Symphony explain it
she really wants to do all the juice
parts so here we go taking away Symphony
tell us how do you make homemade juice
well you know it if you wanna make
cooling shoes you have to have some I
see it and you have to have some I see
if any if you wanna make juice what a
mommy oh we have some water then you
pour it out and then it just comes out
what kind of water do we use it's a lot
do you use cold or hot water hot feet
you have oh we use hot water till to
melt that I see mommy will sit it turns
in tickets now we already did some green
how does it taste Symphony yummy awesome
feeling to freezing too and that's how
you make some homemade juice when you're
all out and you've got popsicles hey
guys now I wanna do yellow now look at
ya okay it's getting greener
Oh
you have a face well it's you're gay it
is yeah a little crunchy pony it want to
drive okay Hey
okay so you know I said I was gonna go
clean up while ago well I ended up
actually rearranging the living room I
don't know what happened I just started
cleaning and organizing the kids toys
and shoes and I was like hey I want to
move this table here hey I want to move
a TV stand over here oh hey let's put
these in this basket and set up over
there on that shelf I don't know what
happened it just kind of came over me
and I did it and I think our living room
looks a little bit better so now I'm
sitting here getting some gifts ready
for some friends that are coming over
tomorrow for a craft day they had a
birthday party their first birthday
party about two three weeks ago and we
missed the party but I do still have
their gifts here and now I'm getting
ready to wrap them so I thought I'd show
you guys what I got so they're twins
kaitlyn and jackson and they are
one-year-old we went with these princess
dip and blow bubbles Symphony's choice
and then mommy's choice was a put and
take purse again dip and blow bubbles
but this time it's Thomas and he got a
camera so I'm gonna wrap them real quick
and get them all ready to go for when
they come over tomorrow okay so there we
go Mickey Mouse and Ariel I got this
craft for them to do tomorrow as well
and I got all the stuff that you see in
the picture like the popsicle sticks and
stickers to write their names with and
so they're all going to make their own
little zoo slash animal cages and
symfony has quite a few little porcelain
animals here and I think what I'm going
to have her do is pick out an animal for
each of her friend to take home and keep
inside of the little cage so we're gonna
have them over and have a craft day
slash mini little birthday party because
they're all going to be opening up
little gifts oh my gosh you guys those
of you who have been watching long
enough you all know that I love brownies
it's my favorite dessert I'm also a new
fan to the Clif Bar you guys know what
those are well check this out
seriously chocolate brownie Clif Bar
it's like eating a healthy brownie it is
so good totally my new favorite favorite
snack brownie and Clif Bar in one I feel
like I now have an excuse to like
eat brownies like all the time not that
I didn't make excuses before but now I
feel like okay I can do this this is
healthy I'm so excited
well I'm going to be signing off for the
night I hope you've all had a wonderful
day
and we will see you guys on tomorrow's
vlog well guys I'm off to the ER to save
lives and I just wanted to remind you
we love you and don't forget that love
each other tomorrow what we're going on
an airplane to LA in California just to
help fill the song from frozen
