yeah anybody so I wish you a Happy
Father's Day happy Father's Day huh oh I
knew it was gonna tell me happy then I
know we wouldn't what you playing with
down here buddy come here
how would your little box
kind of a chunky look very close you see
that camera
well cemani and family are headed off to
the heritage something something
something or another just to kind of
celebrate Sam as the father just
something fun to do with a family happy
Father's Day to me this is what we're
dealing with here today a lot of people
here good turnout looks like a lot of
fathers coming out here to eat some fair
food you know I had a little bit of
weight to their midline Nia found her
Texas top feet what kind of douche are
Sam habanero habanero beef jerky
wildfire is it hot
yeah
how looks fun guys what is this looks Oh
Stephanie you make a little tile there
you go first thing we're gonna do to
spread the glue around so if your solder
just like this is to spread it all over
little the tiles are a that's a little
hard
there's a little man over there
she's making a tile baby
she's sealing it for you so the paper
doesn't come off she got bleep I punch
wrought-iron shop yes
are we through his bar oh okay there you
go
regular pay for me to pay for this yeah
you're good okay cool thanks let's see a
magic show all right I'll be fun they
said that desk okay I'll sit over here
so sit here in a sign of a schoolroom
gonna watch a magic show people let's
watch it the cards begin to shrink right
before your eyes they get smaller I'm
just walking back these kids are from
we're freaking out
so we just saw a magic show and it was
nothing short of amazing the way you
took those metal rings and put them
together did you see the way you put
those metal rings together like took
them apart and I put them together so it
looks like we're headed off to the
petting zoo to go pet some llamas looks
like at lalotte's and goats also doing
the magic show that made simply
disappear for like 20 minutes that was
pretty nice give us a little break we've
but they made her reappear and she's
fine now Sydney was a scary when they
made you disappear at the magic show I
disappear you didn't know I thought he
made he disappeared on the magic show oh
maybe I'm talking about when I was on my
phone your other Pony honey honey I want
to run the pony pony rides three dollars
ladies and gentlemen she's like okay I
can read here's $20 spend it wisely you
might hate the ponies okay so thirsty
I'm so thirsty you're so thirsty pet his
hair Oh
excited he's happy to be pulling you
Stephanie
silly me see the bunnies thank you
sweetie you have to think I'm very
carefully though oh wow yeah llama I
don't know they sit down there's a bunny
down there
it's cuddle up to a bunny how cute he's
trying to stay cool that is so cute mama
mama mama mama honey save your drama for
the llama there was like this big deal
online about the ice cream crank and you
come and you enjoy the experience and
it's this truck right here it's called
the traveling ice cream makes Mario your
food
the Gipsy scoop what kind of that I
think Sam's a little bummed out this is
what we ended up doing on our Father's
Day with you know what do you want admit
it okay guys can just bunk first place
woo strawberry we missed the taste that
it was like a cranked off and they like
ours like a competition or something for
all the different ice cream and they're
over here now at the total old house
doing the like announcing awards whazzup
Tonya America
I have Bailey's Irish Cream and daddy
has the best flavor we all kind of trade
it around so that daddy got the best
flavor because it is Father's Day
weekend
he got Dreamsicle which is like frozen
whipped cream and orange flavored ice
cream dreamy it was really good I got to
try all three flavors kind of nostalgia
makes you feel like a child brings back
today's and Santa was a
where I used to live as a kid
and the ice cream managed to combine we
should give this
that's funny because mine makes me feel
nostalgic too because salmon eyes 2 year
wedding anniversary we spent in San
Antonio on the Riverwalk and we spent a
lot of time in this Irish pub and we
came to find a drink that we really
enjoyed and I have Baileys Irish cream
and it tastes just like that drink and
so that's what brings back memories for
me that was like our first trip alone
without symphony and it's weird because
it's where because exact same memory
rent-a-center exact same memory
isn't that cute we were just meant to me
that's all I was saying earlier I just
like totally was excited about bringing
Sam here and doing like Father's Day
outdoorsy stuff and I feel like Sam's
kind of bummed
are you bummed about our Father's Day
outing no I just need to get another
haircut no I'm not bummed row we're in
front of this historic building and
there's like a wedding going on inside
of there
what why paper hey bro I heard him say
mama can you say that again mama good
money buddy
Tiffany cats history ice cream anyways I
think we're gonna go look around in
these older these other historic
buildings I always plan to do like
something really big and get like a big
gift that's just like my planner
I'll wear and so I wanted to give Sam a
laptop for Mother's Day this Father's
Day I wanted to take him shopping at
like the Apple store or you know maybe
at least pick out what he liked and then
if you wanted to find one off Craigslist
just whatever he wanted to do but the
goal was to get him a laptop for
Father's Day and then we ended up going
to LA and we needed to be able to post
vlogs for you guys so he was like hey I
think I'm gonna buy a laptop and I'm
like oh well actually that is what I was
going to get you for Father's Day so do
you want to do your Father's Day gift
early and in whichever laptop you know
you want whatever we'll do it that way
he's like yeah I'm sure so don't get me
into your Father's Day well now like a
month later I'm feeling like crap
because I really don't have anything big
to give him and I'm just so weird like
now like I feel really guilty and sad
that I don't have like a future years
like a physical gift to him and uShip I
don't know come on you guys have known
Sam long enough now does this look
bummed or what I cannot fall asleep last
huh
he's right he couldn't he was up until
like 3:00 a.m. but he didn't get up
until 10:00 that's still why are you
eating over those that to me and I
traded spots she offered the drive was
almost sleepyhead
here at Sam's favorite place to get his
haircut hello this is where like rock
and roll type Roble
and it's not like you know famous
people's posters all over the wall okay
so this is where we're at and Sam's
haircut
kinda edgy hi I'm liking it what's your
name Samantha Samantha oh we got Sam and
Sam do people call you Sam yeah how
funny mr. ballinger
oh cool
this really cool
we are done at the hair place Floyd look
at Sam's dapper new hair you love your
crew no I really do I think she is the
kind of cream or something Symphony wait
I think she that's a little bit too high
from her style I think no I don't think
it's docked I think it's a little too um
symphony stop little two combs not to
come but like shiny like you use your
hair looks like dried yeah it's a little
wet like I could do this a little bit I
like it let's get it let's get the full
effect guys alright bloggers what'd you
guys think
feels good nice and summery now we're
gonna go have Father's Day lunch in West
Village
oh happy Father's Day to Daddy
look at there
yeah I just love being the father
I couldn't be prouder yes mama can't
hear me because all the wind client
Rachel's here we're gonna go to a play
and she's gonna watch the kids so is she
still your buddy okay
Abraham's eating more fishies Yeah right
I gotta remind you film shows what are
you good I swipe this mouth that's my
money and I hit it back to the real hard
bug
I just hit it real hard Tony
pop that out I mean I tried ABC's
garbage eaters so we're at the
transition point of our day we're at the
house dropping off the kids Annie and I
are off to go see a play called uh
daddy's dying
who's got the will Rachel's gonna be
babysitting we're paying her 50 it's
pretty high right my sister and I work
that should do a great job everyone
gonna miss you buddy
we're gonna be gone for about four hours
four or five hours okay you'd be good to
Aunt Rachel don't give her any trouble
got a buddy she tells you to do
something you better do it got it good
you know Sydney bars in here movies Oh
see you Oh sick bar we love you yeah
girl mommy kiss so everyone doesn't see
mommy favor sees mommy walk out that
door it's gonna be a hard night for
Rachel see you later pal give me a five
high five yeah all right how's this
verse five he just gave me his first
high five good job buddy
see you later he's so cute in there
Tiffany you listen that Rachel okay she
tells you to do something you better do
it she's going to tell us when we get
home make sure you do not tell her no
you know what happens when you tell us
no right
you know oh really cheap and right you
all right you love you
sure makes you clean the house up too
just kidding the plane that we're going
to see is one my mom directed it so I
just really want to be there for her to
support so this theater we're going to
is a pretty quaint theater here in the
little town of wolves point as you can
see just very small you had to go
upstairs to get to it don't you yeah
they have a wheelchair lift how cool
y'all take it take the wheelchair lift
he says very here's the talent box oh
thank you sir yes the talent box
production oh my gosh it's like the
movie up you're like Carl and the movie
up he goes up and down his staircase
like that this is the stage and this is
the seating I really like to see that
it's really up close and personal it's
just really fun to be a part of get the
synopsis daddy has had a massive stroke
and his dementia has cost him his mind
who do you know in the cast my mom my
aunt Helen he is our previous soccer
coach in the director is there is your
role even though
design construction is Uncle Henry you
don't want to throw stuff you out behind
us hopefully two weeks Diane who's at
the wheel yeah yeah 11 beans so can we
go sit down sir
yes all right thank you so much yes sir
y'all enjoy I like to sign wine
available for donation all right
what seats to have be 10 and 11 all
right let's do it sitting in front of my
husband so they got all our names on the
back of these chairs radar misspelled my
name if you do radar
I'll say we have two exits the one you
came in on and there's one out back on
the other side this spike wall hello oh
hello
mengli Melanie before you go up on a
rampage ain't got time to talk be better
Baba Willis
this is harmony my fiancee harmony rose
I still ain't Billy
amen
we're almost home from our mini date at
the theater my mom did a really
excellent job directing this play I'm a
little bummed we had to leave just a
little bit early we didn't get to see
the ending of the play so we just wanted
to tell you guys good night
and thank you for joining us on this day
that's right have fun today and don't
forget
and remember to love each other
hey go get you so really it's just a
curious thing remember Z I found ya
how's a good spot
alright sis what do you think of your
eyes screaming yummy will flavor Katie
King me raspberry
here's how you
