you guys check out the goods I got have
you guys ever heard of survey mini I
downloaded survey mini as an app on my
iPhone a while back you basically just
do surveys for different places that you
go and you get points every time you do
a survey so I collected 25,000 points
and I got to get our two bath and
Bodyworks
check out all that stuff Abram is having
a field day and so am i I'm really
excited about it I used two coupons and
I had one gift card from the survey mini
that I have and I got about a hundred
dollars worth of stuff for $54 so I'm
gonna be stocking up for Christmas gifts
stocking stuffers and of course a few
little prizes for myself this is my
favorite one it's a sugar scrub and I
love Bath & Body Works sugar scrubs so
it's a new scent called wild iris and
honey another thing I decided to try we
always do the foam soap and so this time
I went for the deep cleansing hand soap
because I just really wanted to try
something new so I got a few of those
and I'm gonna go stock up our bathroom
shelf with that in a minute
okay so now a special announcement are
you ready
so since we've started this YouTube
journey I've really been interested in
connecting with some of the people in
the YouTube community and last week a
mom reached out to me via Instagram and
we started chatting
her name is Jalen mama and I will give
you guys a link to her channel below we
have decided to do a collab video
together I'm so excited this is my first
one and I just am so excited you don't
even know this is where you guys come in
we'd love to hear your suggestions on
what we should talk about so leave me
some suggestions in the comment section
below
symphonie and daddy are having a little
daddy-daughter date with dinner in bed
but it's too hot right now huh yeah
we're watching this lady on YouTube
who's teaching us how to do a frozen
basket for Easter tomorrow and I do walk
all this stuff do all this stuff we do
not own a breakfast in bed trade that's
on our list of things to get so I made a
makeshift tray for salmon symfony
because they were having some
daddy-daughter time since he's been
working and now he has to go to the
interview so I grabbed one of my
shipping boxes and voila
you want to play silly string I thought
Symphony it silly string okay I'm not
squirting anymore I was going to get
Andrew but he's in his uniform
oh what a big boy have a seat right here
what are we doing my hair yeah watch
this watch what I can you play sure
well I this is a tricky job daddy I did
daddy your life I just put it through
and then well cool hey guys how's it
going
we're getting ready to go to our old
town where we grew up and to go visit
bebo I'm gonna try to vlog on this side
for most of the day because I have
something massive on this side I don't
want to share it with you guys but the
problem is this is my bad eye so I'm
gonna have to like look at the camera
like this and I can't really see the
camera that well I have like a legally
blind eye over here okay we just checked
our p.o box again I guess this is gonna
be like our Thursday Pio boxing and so
we've got some mail and a package I'm
gonna open up the package open it open
it open
it's from Theresa from Spokane Valley oh
whoa wow that is so cute oh my goodness
thank you I know that these are really
pricey because of course as a mom of a
toddler I look at thank you that for me
yes look how beautiful that is
he knows my for you best for me what a
funny car
this card has no purpose you open up it
says I said to anyway when they get
bigger and bigger and bigger but kind of
small blows he that sent me that's blown
I mean that's blown up yeah
what means it's glow to load up please
it is sly you can't see it right but
he's gonna start you can see it's light
it up okay
throat up row that means it's your
Sikkim I had to go to the doctor
well my mom spending a little bit of
time before we go meet with a bride and
hang out around town Symphony and Bebo
or sharing a snap what are y'all sharing
drawer to snacks
Abram found something to eat he's so
cute
what are you what are you doing do you
like your new dress we love it we're at
Sonic in Wills Point this was my first
job
so I used to like skate around out here
got a really bad fall one time oh yes
then we're too - but not together no
self cupping my face oh you're so funny
but yeah this is my first job and I work
only poop sand with a cook food patties
flip them real good - how old were you a
whole dream 16 for about 17 18 I started
working here on I was 16 and I worked
here for until I was 19
off and on so three years off and on all
throughout high I hated it I hated it I
loved it I made really really good tips
I hated it then you go up to I caught up
like a couple times and I could have
figure out the chains off busted oh my
gosh cuz I couldn't figure out what to
give it back cuz you know all the
calculator with you got a wound with the
given JPEG out I closed it I just
figured out how to close the screen
DoubleTap it if you don't want to lock
it so much
or DoubleTap four fingers there it's
gone
hi guys I can see in the screen hi this
is some extol so double tap then open
the back up so we're entering our high
school like drive I guess you'd call it
and Sam's initial reaction was I can't
believe they still haven't fixed this
road when you come in from the back way
it's always been really really bumpy and
it just sound it's so funny like like
what's the word I don't know not
nostalgic but like I'm just like you've
been there and you know it okay so so
this is where I used to wait for the bus
okay anyway this is where Nia and I had
our first kiss right there right in the
front of there sorry I mean it was
actually over here by my car was yeah I
was over here yeah I was parked I was
parked over here and we kissed by my car
for the first time oh okay that that was
under there
what do you remember about our first
kiss I remember that it was really I
remember that and we both agreed on this
I'm not being mean but we just fell
thought it was really awkward like we
didn't just like we're good we didn't
just like have that like yes we
perfected it though like it was fun we
worked on it yeah we have perfected it I
remember like we both kind of talked
about it after everything were like I
think it's because we both kissed
differently we got both in a different
way of kissing it wasn't like
necessarily one was bad and my mouth was
so big and hers is so small I mean were
singers so bad but she wants to talk a
little more about it and I mean I don't
know like maybe we won't put this in
there cuz I don't mean whatever but like
Sam was the tallest boy I had ever like
kissed and so I wasn't used to like
going on my tiptoes or anything so as
some of you guys probably know working
the night shift can be pretty pulling on
the body there are days like this where
I just feel exhausted even though it's
been a couple days since I worked I just
it's so hard to turn around your
schedule and get back on to like being
awake during the day it gets exhausting
but um so today it's one of those days
where I just feel exhausted I don't want
to talk to people I don't want to vlog I
don't want to communicate I don't want
to I don't want to do anything really
I'm supposed to meet a bride today and
discuss a wedding her wedding that I'm
shooting next week it's just so hard to
get that mode of just talking but um see
I'm tired it's probably fast food to but
so now we're at the park took set me up
but I found you know good cure for that
and I get down like this and I'm just
unmotivated as to get myself out in
nature just being outside makes a
difference to me feeling the wind and
just I mean if it's hot outside feeling
a little bit of sweat on my body
makes a little bit of difference but I'm
we're outside now and hopefully I'm
going to be cured that today God willing
Wow why don't you getting this one and I
got a tire swing you having for a little
dude duty you can tell that it just
rained and all this bark floated up to
it like a puddle and it off like settled
in its place and then it all went back
down together and now it's all flat see
the bark it's all nice and flat some of
its not but like little places where the
puddles were you can tell where the
puddles were do you see see how it's all
flat right here alright don't what don't
let me know really fast is that too fast
yeah okay that's too fast it's actually
pretty slow are you dizzy
yeah I'll just push you regular then
hold on to the chain hold on see that's
how you push it like this that's how you
push it see that's not fun what
what already nice mama nice honey
very nice I think the astronaut head I
can't see where are you all right I'll
do it
it's kind of wet in here I'm going to
space guys I'll see you later okay I'm
going to miss you it's gonna be a long
mission gonna be up there for a few
months I'm going to the Japanese Space
Station okay
bye daddy
so we're at the Josh luster Park and
it's pretty cool because if you donated
money to help build the park you got
your name put on the little stump right
here
Kaitlyn read of all names for me to come
up to Hey
stop throwing stuff at me that was one
of my really good friends ready or not
here I come
okay fine
if you saw Abram you guys okay one two
three four five six buckle my shoe three
four shut the door five six stop ready
or not we're do not here we come No all
right leave man I hear something hear
something
I found it hiding spots three times
since you said right or not here we come
let go let go we'll wait well come get
you
it's really it's just the cutest thing
we've ever seen I found you how's it
good spot I'm good please
you sure did all right I'll go hide
count the 10 okay guys well thanks for
coming along with us on our random day
and we hope you all have a good rest of
your day we are gonna be posting a
challenge or something of that sort for
you guys for tomorrow's vlog so be on
the lookout for that
and today horrible yes I just got
through crying I was pulling into the
Walmart parking lot and there was a car
going the opposite direction and I know
I was going the right direction because
she pulled out from all from the
opposite direction and she stopped she
realized that she was on the wrong way
and she kept trying to go and there was
clear
