okay there guys it's the name morning
and we are off to church we did not get
up early today as you've seen in our
previous Sunday but it wasn't that bad
I've tried out this hairstyle a few
times and I never master it and then
yesterday as you saw our long tail
pulled it off wonderfully and she taught
me how to do it better and I feel like I
kind of did it a little bit better today
so thank you Chantelle we'll see what
she thinks we get to church anyway so
sandy is following us to church today I
see I see her in my rearview mirror
that's her and puffy back there
Oh my sideview mirror whatever I never
have clone beside me here sandy was sick
all weekend long and as you can see from
my other vlogs sandy and I hang out all
week and usually with our kids or as
much as we can and I haven't seen scene
D in like five days so the first one was
seniors at church where we can't be loud
and talking careful but that's okay I'm
glad I get to see her
so today the church I'm going to be
wearing like some fresh shirt that I
especially ordered online with the white
collar white buttons and white
and white trim one sleeve
and I'm also wearing my sports watch it
makes me look sporting however I don't
run
it's one of those our monitor watches I
got into running for a little while but
about that great at random because my
calves give up pretty quickly I'm
wearing flip-flops and it is now
sprinkling outside I'm wearing jockey
underwear they're amazing under word
they're like 10 bucks for a pair but but
they're like the best fitting underwear
of everyone so today I did my hair like
this yeah I think it looks pretty good
today me have got me some new wax crew
wax from the wally world
I wasn't cheap so I don't like to go to
the cheap stuff I want to teach stuff
for about a month last month and it just
leaves us oily greasy residue in your
hair just after like 12 hours of using
it your hair looks nappy the fact people
were coming greasy hair sometimes we'll
see you guys at the church maybe I can
do a little bit or trench
okay
and whereas patient
oh you're joining the Uni behind
good morning mother are you sleepy every
Sunday thank you wait ready look at you
two hats love the necklace on the shoes
then the skirt love it well we're here
at the pillar I didn't have a chance to
open my water Sydney go get cuff go get
him just gonna look at him hey cubby
what's up buddy
nice hi Sandy I think I found the
pasture there is a church Symphony's got
to go to her class sit me up
Sydney's trying to take Covenant Church
with her
this is Sydney's little class Sydney
who's all your friends what's her name
what's her name
Leah what's his name Sydney have fun in
church I love you
can do for you but we did kind of your
country so Patrick Henry and as the
famous and great what give me liberty or
give me death
and so my prayer is that today as we
look at this very extremely super famous
quote of Jesus if it works I always
loved that oh yeah yeah yeah remember
memorizing that as a kid it kind of
flows it's easy to remember yeah yeah
that's a good that's a good one though I
like that one a lot cuz one of the
reverse real good for you men in the one
main verse we're going to focus in on
Jesus is going to make four four claims
about himself
everyone just woke up good morning
morning
so in the back line so we just wanna
crate
let me show you
okay macaroni salad chicken for a
chicken the fried chicken looks like a
potato casserole Oh got some fries here
Chris no cutting please
Abram just woke up from me yeah we're
gonna get out and go nervously did you
have a good sleep buddy
actually I just woke up from a nap too
we all had a family Sunday afternoon nap
and daddy and Symphony are still napping
did you have a good nap Garret symphony
hi she's always the most excited to see
Abram when she wakes up from a nap did
you sleep good did you have any dreams
yeah none at all
well just well what was it about
practicing lauder
good company and I are gonna get Dinner
started for the afternoon or for the
evening and so first I'm gonna give
Abram I put him in his little Walker
while we cook and I give him a little
snack this is what Abraham's gonna have
little banana puffs
here you go needle guy loves his puppies
oh we're going to be having some tanky
meatballs
tonight and garlic bread and I might
throw on a vegetable like whatever I
come across in the pantry a few guys out
there
and your kids to eat meat because I know
it's kind of tricky we buy the frozen
meatballs at Walmart on the frozen aisle
and I have also made my own before but
it tastes the same it's cheaper and it's
easier just to do the frozen and then
anyways she loves it
you use the barbecue sauce and we're
almost out barbecue sauce and
Worcestershire sauce 1/2 a cup of
English and I am do using a half a pack
of meatballs right now so if you were
using a full pack you would do 1 cup of
each and you also need like some
Tomatoes red peppers are really good to
go in and I don't always do both
I don't even always do sometimes I don't
do either
what do you have there Symphony scan II
hid her macaroni Amy mega ah yummy okay
go put it on the table over in your
chair you know let's check hey guys
oh no go pick your tomatoes you and cuff
you know do it together teamwork there's
a lot here I have an idea oh go put it
in the basket
good job guys minion how cute is this
leave me a little orange one leave that
one okay guys leg off
ha oh wait not there
good job guys y'all can y'all count how
many we picked today one two three four
five Symphony and Sam want one here you
go guys
take your tomato Symphony pick one okay
now one for daddy
one no not to one for something that's
like oh so our friends at home and now
it's time for bath time the kids are
both playing in the bathtub
right in the air and we are gonna do
that and get ready for bed and all we'll
bring you guys along on how I do our
routine tonight so you've gotten to see
us do everything from nap time on and
right now it's bath time
I usually lasts a little while for
symphony she loves bath time so this
little guy is done with his bath
Abram there he is did you have a good
bath
no with it and now for him to go to bed
and so we are going to get ready get all
in our pajamas and gonna night think -
super humid towel right now Symphony is
getting out of the bathtub and what
we're going to do tonight is while I put
Abram to bed Symphony is going to clean
her room and then read books while she
waits on me because when Abram goes to
bed I nurse him to put him down okay
okay guys so I just got the kids put
down to bed and so you guys get to see a
little bit of how I do things in the
evenings
Abram went down a little rough tonight
like he fell asleep in my arms I laid
him down and he woke up right away and
that does not ever happen and so I got
him I picked him back up and you know I
rocked him I nursed him a little bit
more and he just what he was like trying
to fall asleep and he was fidgeting and
I was like Symphony waits on me while I
do this - so she was in her room reading
and I could hear her her room is right
next door to his and I could hear her
reading her story so I was like I really
need to go put her to bed - and I had
spent a lot of time with Abram trying to
help him go down and so finally I laid
him down and I turned on his mobile and
he was really quiet at first I thought
it was gonna go good and then all of a
sudden he just like lets out this big
scream by that point I was heading to
symphonies room to get her ready so I
went ahead and like did what I needed to
do with her really quick and her bedtime
is not quick like we read we sing we
pray we get a drink it's kind of long
but I did like one quick thing with her
it took about five minutes and he just
fell right back to sleep
so I'm glad it only lasted like it was
like 5 to 7 minutes so I'm really good
I'm really glad I was like rushing
through everything with her so I could
get back to him anyways thanks for
coming along on this day with us guys I
hope you all have a good night and don't
forget that we love you and remember to
love each other
reach reach
