so we're going to a birthday party this
afternoon it's a Thomas birthday party
and we do plan on bringing you guys
along with us to that but mommy go ahead
and ungettable me forgot to get a gift
last time we were at Walmart it was on
my list and I totally forgot I'm all
washed out so we're here we're getting
that gift and we're gonna also be
getting symphony a big girl cup cuz she
doesn't drink sippy cups anymore right
right yeah girl we're so proud of her so
she's gonna pick her own big girl cup
which toy did you pick what toy for a
braixen would you get so tunnel Tidmouth
channel yeah
okay let's go find a copy for you that's
the wrong aisle this way we're not going
on the baby Cuffy aisle we got to get a
big girl huh I've got some cups over
here sweetie there's only one cup that
loose so we're gonna have to pick a
different cup that doesn't move she
likes this one cuz it moves and we can
certainly take this one but I would like
to pick two cups did he put that in the
buggy
yeah I'm just made a big mess okay now
come pick another one come over here you
can have cars or flowers or trucks okay
pick some cut pick a cup from down there
would you like the flower ones and the
butterfly ones there's a big mushroom on
that one yeah that's a big mushroom okay
put those over in the buggy why are you
getting a new cup because I'm oh thank
goodness that's right
okay come put these away that you didn't
choose but the other flower cuts back in
the little hole oh good job we're
finally leaving Walmart finally I came
in for like three things literally two
breathing
I left with the monkey full-time as
always so frustrating and I love to
house around 11 o'clock in the morning
and now looks like 1234 three things
when I do that where's my car and you
know when you're outside at a birthday
party with little kids completed shuffle
in that is not my car
what the heck okay I'm gonna stop by my
beautiful person what's going on here
who gave you that baby a dog who put the
baby in there I did you did it all by
yourself but it usually takes two people
to make a baby Jesus good but but it's
just a toy beer oh so you're repenting
yeah okay Braxton second birthday party
Thomas the Train pipe in it looks great
everyone likes fantastic okay
looks really good I love it
you're to go outside church I might turn
around at my three children and we're
running off exactly yeah
sorry to check into the tube Trevon
chugga choo chugga chugga choot 7e what
do you want to sit yeah - two kids only
please kids Olli hate the night writing
the choo-choo train again the conductor
should say hi conductor don't let kids
yeah
that was incredibly awesome right
I would suggest everybody give training
everything all right more en contra
phobic please open the door please over
the number was the funniest choo choo
train ride ever
yes mommy what did you think of that
choo choo train right Esther mesmerised
let's go see knocks coming to see you
guys on the train no but they did though
I saw guys Abram didn't like it too much
he didn't cry but we were kind of like
Tiffany's gonna go on the train again
where do they take
Wow
you'd like to watch our videos you do
you want to be on one of our videos you
do say hi then say hi Ava
you watch our videos every day you do
which one is your favorite
what's that which one is your favorite
there you go I'm working at the camera
it's okay that's okay it's a piece of
cake because it's not a slice of cake
yeah thanks appreciate it it's a bit
less stingy
how'd you cake
you get peace oh yeah oh yeah oh wow
that's discipline right there I don't
know how you do know
hey Chrissy later buddy
soon you guys will pause a very careful
blogger measured every stop you can win
all right the circular way doing some
last-minute exploring at a construction
site where they're about to build a new
shop shopping center no we're gonna go
like up here dig this cool building
we're gonna go check it out as we were
driving up to it she's like this looks
like a cool exploring place she can
identify a good exploring place all
right say if you have any questions let
me know
so this is a building this is the
skeleton of a building they're getting
ready to put the walls on it this is
what it looks like the walls on okay
you like cranes you know cranes are for
cranes are for lifting up stuff that's
very heavy and to get it into high
places that we can't you can't check it
out this is a crank
look at this sucker isn't it huge what
sucker is something you put their mouth
it's candy it's just that it's just that
term so the guys the workers they stand
up inside of here okay exactly yeah but
this is a sky jack so what happens here
is the people inside here you want to
get inside you climb up the ladder and
you get inside yeah
the press a button and it makes it go
all the way up so cool we got the
squeeze in a little exploration that's
all it takes is like 10 minutes
literally to take a kid outside and do a
little exploration so now we're off to
Keith's barbecue hi Amanda I just want
to ask you a question kid oh my I'm
sorry to interrupt you I just wanted to
know if you guys could tell me one
interesting thing about yourselves
I have a double thumb yeah genetic
mutation show us some birth isn't that
exciting and we get it focus both of
them Oh interesting in ninth grade I had
a mullet glasses and a face full of zits
did you really yes dude we got to see a
picture now I got all the chicks that
was hot
yeah please show us a picture warehouse
no excuses I have shaved my head once
you showed your head why'd you do that
I just my hair was a really short and I
figured if I'm ever gonna do this I'm
gonna just do it and it was a few months
before I met Bell so you know that
doesn't keep you from falling in love
with me cool
so you just do it to like cool I did it
to do it just say that I've done it what
okay well you just said to 2,000 people
so that's cool all right so I am so
tired I'm beyond tired exhausted
yeah where were you
okay Sammy on catchphrase guys that's
popular cartoon cars yes movies but it's
cartoon it's always being attorney oh
good job yes so the next word it's a
form of military well the military what
these four yeah it's it's a description
it's a description of a body part
compared to a dog's similar body part
it's a it's a breed of dog at a very
small on him
smoosh faces a pug pug nose that was the
word someone in war who gets shot
becomes Saturday okay they fall over
wounded so when you fall what do you do
fall down another word for drop I mean
fault
this is cut up into slices the first
word cut up into slices no it's a
roundabout it's a round thing usually
apple or peach pad it's cut into slices
guys come on yes the second word is
subnets goes on the wall outside of the
classroom I'm blinking over the
accommodate me ago somebody okay he fix
watches okay yes
yes entertainment it's real people were
watching their lives all the time
reality television reality well the days
over guys is such a long day today but
is really fun day we went to the
birthday party
symphonie had a good time they went to
Heath's house and we all had a great
time playing catch phrase that's the
game were just playing it was so much
fun so so much entertainment with that
game and there's also really challenging
but anyway so we're back home now kids
are in bed house is quiet I'm just
working on the computer working on some
photos and I just wanted to remind you
guys before I ended the vlog for today
that we love you and to remember to love
each other
so this is our third formation and we're
going to be out here
