what is this new noise what does this do
noise everyone's making a new noise
lately are you gonna wear this one with
twin place bum stretchy don't stretch it
to run okay
the flour has watched a different
coloring run so by viewers okay guys we
are out for an afternoon of errand
running we're going to go to the park
and have some lunch and open up an email
that we may have received from our P o
box we're going to check on the P o box
now as I'm a law frites and these
headbands that I made for Cassandra or
Cassandra pressure height bounce it but
Symphony's got hers on too she asked us
to wear them in the vlog by the way I'm
not just wearing someone else's headband
for the heck of it though path girl yeah
she asked us to model them in the vlog
oh good we are here at the post office
getting ready to mail off some rates and
our headbands you get your package and
push it there's my little helper back
there oh wow
okay Cassandra so we're in the post
office and we are gonna ship out your
headbands to you thank you for letting
us model them we like them and thank you
for trusting me to make your headbands
oh she wants anything alright moving I
don't want you to go away Wow buddy how
much it removing the hair hanging big
boy baby boy he's a heavy package he was
like that how much was he he was
okay Oh too heavy what a register check
our heel box okay lead the way oh no
we're exact so check out my saw
oh nice and nerdy hahaha and you can
dude to go throughout I know it I know
we have an actual package I'm not sure
how okay guys thank you so much
how exciting oh oh look we get another
key to go get our packages
we got a package Tiffany two keys you
get your own package oh man excited my
lunch date at the park it open all these
eyeballs symphony plays and while we all
ate lunch I am so excited sure I'm so
sad it - I feel like a like a schoolgirl
oh we got a lot kid yeah helmet okay oh
my gosh you guys seriously huh we're so
like Nautica ah like post office savvy
here we go sis what could be in there oh
we're gonna open it at the park yeah Oh
what is this oh my gosh this was to me
from headed work oh yeah man had it
hooker she made dessert for the kids
she's like what that is a funny name huh
those this is for the kid
Oh hold the mail oh my wanna do crochets
she crochet hacks yes
it's kind of windy out here guys I hope
you can hear us if not sorry but I'm
sure you can hear us a little bit so
just kind of what happened I took his
bangle bite she took his bagel Mike
don't take his baby or I could help it
was too big he's very serious about his
food so we got our mail here guys
yeah in front of you we have a total of
humming 2222 pieces of now 19 letters
and three packages how awesome is that
so let's open this one first it's true
yeah
what is this what could this be yes some
letters he goes sent so Clemente oh dear
Sammy my name is Martin the other than
North Brunswick fingers around 23 years
old i watch your vlog and i think about
they're wonderful and they often put a
smile on my face she said our own
jewelry Thank You Martin it's another
key neat clean not just so beautiful I'm
gonna read more of that later and share
with you guys the hell does a close-up
from the key the key Martin sent me I
have a keyhole Symphony's has another
key dangling in her my hairs annoy your
stone is green
cool thanks for spoiling my girls Martin
appreciate it man we'll put a link to
your website in the description
legally there's a trick letter mmm-hmm
Oh was a letter Bagel Bites what's in
there oh my goodness
here's the packaging yeah or Symphony
enjoy the headband I wear those all the
time
I said thing that's openness more math
packaging Ingo play but listen for you
Oh cute no looks yours has a bone in
their head too big yeah it is big for
him but it'll fit in perfect one winter
take it good yeah it's a mask it's a man
oh oh it's like it's over me it's really
hot today but these are so awesome you
love it says look she has a bow thank
you look how cute this is
MADD padded hooker check girl guys she's
got a lot of really cool things she's
done not yet but it's a little bit nice
and snug I like that let me see I'll
shake on you it looks cute on you
actually that's really cute on you
thanks man had a hooker waiting through
the letters basic we love this one guys
that's awesome
thank you a cup held Cup family whoa
her high school has a basic close
brothers and sisters in Christ club
there's nobody ever said dads don't
change diapers in public Russia
okay okay Sam is being super dad right
now I continue to open mail this one is
from Canada everyone's not happy right
now
when did she send us what Sam this is so
cool we got those decals for our car the
family this is awesome thank you and a
letter to go ahead so we got the dad we
got the mom we got the little girl and
we got the baby Sam this is the coolest
thing ever I am so excited I have
actually kind of always wanted these and
I didn't really know where you buy them
and I never researched it or anything so
thank you Jane Wilson this is so cool oh
my gosh I cannot wait to put this on the
back of our car you have no idea Dixey
Jane
sent us a very very touching letter I'll
sum it up because she might not want us
to read her words for the whole internet
to know but she's a fourteen-year-old
girl and she said she grew up in a
household with no religion and she said
that she knew that after watching our
vlogs and hearing us talk about living
for God as Christians she needed to
become educated on Christianity and she
recently bought brought her bought her
first Bible and is looking into churches
to attend and I just want to say Dixie
Jane how proud I am of you
um it is not easy to just make the
decision to all of a sudden start
following God and living a life
differently than what you're used to so
keep it up girl you are probably going
to come into some hardships Satan will
attack you as you as you go on this
journey moving closer to God and finding
exactly what he has in store with you
but don't let that affect you just keep
going have faith in God and just just
know that he has called you specifically
to be his child just reading this letter
it's very evident that the Lord clearly
spoke to your heart and I am just so
proud of you for moving forward with
that feeling and trusting in God thank
you for letting us be a part of that and
for letting us know how we've affected
you and helped you that blesses us more
than anything so thank you and thank you
for the awesome decals - I love reading
these letters this is just so cute like
I just remember being a teenage girl and
reading some of these letters like so
far I've opened up three that were from
teenage girls I am just so on you guys's
side I understand like like one girl
opened up to me about her current
relationship a little bit and my
goodness like I am just so proud of
these girls thank you thank you for
sharing your situations with me and
thank you for choosing to listen to your
heart and follow God through all of the
stuff you're dealing with it is so not
always easy to
to take the narrow path and sometimes we
fail at that and I just feel so proud of
you younger women who are just doing it
at such young ages and for opening up to
me about it thank you okay well I'm
gonna wrap up this part I'm gonna stay
over here and keep reading some of the
letters and salmon symphony you're gonna
go feed the duckies at the pond and we
will continue sharing more with you guys
at home this guy's right on the table we
just set a set is that not kids matter
what you wanna know the snow man that's
pretty funny all right let's go Symphony
you don't think they're going to eat
Abram do you that's good cuz I don't
want to meet me Stephanie such a trooper
back there walking all this way just to
go feed the ducks with a sweet girl just
toss it to them toss it to him he scared
you so throw it to him there you go find
it look at the baby duck coming up here
oh good throw
he sure is
well lick that guy hey who do you think
you are a blackbird just came here tick
off with that duck food hey why are you
eating it those are for the Ducks
oh you are okay well has a big piece
cool oh he wants it that's a hungry duck
isn't it yeah well there's so many
turtles it's so cool hey guys welcome to
the surface look at all the little
turtle heads
yeah hi Jay a Tele Pelphrey we talked to
you guys on Facebook sometimes this is
TJ and Allie Pelphrey cool and it's all
think of their donkeys I do once you
have all purple woman look Stephanie
also yeah dad you make the babies onion
we are on our way to bow and shawntel's
house for a game night we have with Nana
Symphony Abrams back there I mean I'm
going in my protein tree fortune and now
she's gonna ring the doorbell and not
come in hello what's up buddy hey -
don't move it
are you good I'm holding oxy you're not
what's that necklace called though it's
been long and Bert eating that amber
teething this that's good he's doing a
great job walking Bo yes now he's a
motorboat yeah that's awesome
look at him go I'll be see him walk
wrong again oh you haven't no it will be
you wouldn't think he'd be able to walk
I don't know guys fancy B yeah it's
awesome yeah says that maybe it's just a
voice like Liam Berkeley City Mo did you
see the music video you're like the
first thing I know is that crazy around
the mirrors like what I didn't know they
were getting that shot no they told me
they were just getting my hand didn't
either get my face Pro I want to see how
much was it my sweet guy yeah she just
had like a couple second shots I need to
get an idea thank you
professional actor
sue-shaun tells going over here come see
our burrito buffet twitter has some pull
a sign off my hands no feel the taco
buffet here completely prepared by
Chantal we did bring this awesome yeah
that looks delish chocolate chip and
oatmeal master she's my disciple er we
meet weekly
nobody wants to take that risk when you
go small kids right love you guys right
you don't wanna get sick bunch of stuff
yeah whose birthday is next shell
brothers the 29 yeah show can't go first
though she's in the kitchen she's
disqualified you guys go first
you okay Oh what do you you know our
teammates this is the Doster family
right here in this shot the Doster
family their son Knox
no oh dirty it's until his wife there's
gonna be a whole lot more trash-talking
boys versus girls I'm ready for trash
talk
oh it's a lover donut Jim Carrey oh uh
si o our Shah Lance Armstrong that's
what I would have thought Oh boss just
like messenger he came home like this on
sleeping pizza but that's hard
ready go no oh really oh wow you got
look yes million I never know that it's
elevated easily to the max right I'm
like I'm later Mao's house the winner
yes so that was my patient
okay mom peachy because mom this was
news old faithful guys it was a baby she
kept pointing to the hair this is a copy
cash has to act like the character on
the back of this car oh well yeah you
could talk but you cannot say names or
places you want to see
monopoly man
and then I killed do it another members
names Oh what - I give up
yes thank you are you Claire charge at
charlie Chapman who's Alan Oh chocolate
like one of the first like comedians or
the first silent film Oh Charlie Chaplin
he was a time at church happy okay game
night is over we want as usual hey we
got we got first they got second Mike
and his girlfriend and they got third
because beau beau walked away from the
game so they're disqualified but
everybody did great kids are getting
whiny come to the home we get the a
comeback player of the year for them now
what do you mean how to make comeback oh
you did right yeah yeah yeah Mac so it's
almost better than these guys we're
treating with telepathy so no you know
once you turn the kitchen
so can I about can I Chantal we're going
to sleep upstairs you want to do like
the altro for a man to do it for
we're circle don't do that now people
will be upset yeah I said if I have to
promise
up don't forget we love you and remember
love each other we don't but what were
you doing back there
oh just you any problem I guess I'll see
you huh all right good night everybody
good night I can feel the tree movie
uh-huh I'm okay with this one so I made
it across that weird crest across the
rope
