that's what are you doing out here on
this beautiful day playing wit chopped
wood Symphony did you know today's World
Environment Day did you did it it says
World Environment Day awesome but soon
as I start walking out the door I hear
Abram waking up from his nap and of
course I can't just go in there and get
him because then I'd have to like sit
and nurse him and do all the stuff in
Sam's in the car waiting for me my hands
are full I can't open the door
so we are heading to the Trinity
Adventure Park
I'm super duper excited about this sign
in our waivers we've been ready to go on
the course it's over there such a nice
day out here at Trinity Forrest
Adventure Park it's not really sunny out
here I don't like when it's sunny
because my nose burns very easily so
this is the park behind me we are the
only guests these are workers getting
harnessed up
how do you feel in that like a fireman
you look like a fireman kind of getting
all suited up this is fun we have some
background music from the camp of it my
helmet and my shirt matches my shoes how
do you get into the key you know Eddie
hit the kiddie harness she has little
squirrels though those rats this is that
big squirrel rats I will be tempting to
walk across this log unlatched okay yep
I love looking at me and a harness oh
whoa this is a crazy long zipline guys
you can barely see the end of it so here
knee and I are at our date we haven't
had a date night or date day whatever
you want to call it for what a couple
month or a half since we went to dinner
with it
yeah it's been a while so we're taking
advantage of this day and going
ziplining as you can see and doing these
obstacles in the trees this place is
awesome and sewing right down the road
from our house it's about 30 minutes
from my house somebody is at the Andes
waiting for us to go this is our first
time to do something like this yeah it
is so again the importance of dating hey
Bob I got to turn this off this one's
long I will switch to my GoPro through
the bird so we just went on first green
that was the easy one we haven't got
here we're went on another green now
more elements you ready let's do it I
gotta take a little break Sam is so fast
and it is just out here this is so open
know I'm getting hungry and I'm thirsty
and we're only on the second course but
that's okay this is a lot of fun there
Sammy over there hi honey
hey spider-man are you ready it's pretty
tricky okay so you wanna mention
you can't ever let go really both hands
at once do that I'll let go
gotta keep it through you are so brave
he's cray-cray hey ready I'm gonna go
pro across the zip line I'm pretty
nervous about it but I did it with no
hands all those already set so it's only
by coincidence that we ended up here at
the Trinity force Adventure Park on a
World Environment Day which occurs every
June 5th I didn't know about World
Environment Day meet here no I don't
know what it was I looked it up
basically it's just to create awareness
of the environment we're not
environmentalist by any means okay by
some means we do eat a lot of vegetables
and we've engrossed and vegetables so
yeah that kind of makes this but we
don't recycle sorry and we don't watch
our electric bill either not really but
we do use natural gas does that make us
environmentally sure of it behind it and
we use those special light bulbs yeah we
do we use the energy we use the
energy-saving light bulbs what's the
difference in world environmentalism day
compared to earth day
huh I don't know but I know the theme of
this year's environmental day is raise
your voice not the sea-level interesting
yeah it's interesting if you believe in
global warming I'm not even gonna go
there so yeah this is pretty cool we're
out here just ziplining going on these
really challenging elements as you can
see obviously yeah
that's pretty fun what's your favorite
element my favorite element I really
like that rope net that was pretty cool
yeah that was pretty cool of course they
had it like laid down lay down flat so
you like climb on before I bet we will
do something like that
why of course of course here's the home
eat he's pretty much saying like yeah
that's the easiest so we just finished a
second round of beginner and we're about
to start on intermediate the blue level
so they're just blue and black left
expert is black obviously kind of
gatoring signs of dehydration guys
lightheadedness okay poor skin turgor I
drank an entire bottle of water on the
car right up here I'm not gonna
dehydrate you guys no skin sugars it's a
way of checking dehydration sit up on
the only kitchen so on older people you
want to pinch their chest to see if
their skin recoils quickly but on
younger people you can just do it on the
arm but I'll do it on your chest let's
see if Nia is dehydrated according to
the skin turgor scale all right so I'm
yanking pinching your stone I'm gonna
release and went back to its normal
position pretty quickly Sony is not
dehydrating as far as skin another sign
low blood pressure
okay ready all right
nope fast recoil not dehydrated I kind
of stretch out your shirt I'm sorry it's
okay it's pretty clean semental that I
happen to wear or Nina happen to pick
out this environmental shirt out for me
to know the signs of dehydration are
dizziness when getting up quickly or
fast heart rate and also have all of
them dry mouth obviously dry tone anyway
watch out for dehydration guys raise
your voice not the sea level that's
right guys wait that wouldn't drink more
water so drink more water so the sea
level goes down and you're not
dehydrated anymore that's what that
means it means drink more water raise
raise a glass not the sea level raise
get it
Oh a massage doesn't raise a glass
probably all right guys welcome to the
forest to go fight a fire
just put the wide-angle lens on the
camera looks really cool oh that's
what's different about it
Roger
so here's Nia giving it all on this
ladder to intermediate level
I gotta go oh my gosh I can feel the
tree movie okay with this one so I made
it across that weird crisscross the rope
and I just sat down when I got to the
plank so I'm here now
honey safety harness ladies and gents if
I don't make it across the zip line I
just want to make sure you guys know
that I love you I remember to love each
other he wants to push me I said no that
was fun
that was very fun guys don't try that at
home okay it's just some advice don't
fly better it is fun every single time
you're going to zipline it does not get
old I wish they had a tip on that that
just extended cost entire parking that'd
be awesome just one we could just sit on
and just relax for five minutes five
minutes
zip
remember guys safety is key safety this
key key safety key safety is key so
here's what you got to do here you gotta
sip it and the opposite side of your
clamp push it in the keyhole and it
unlocks the opposite side pretty cool
now this side is law twist and you use
the key on this cable keep it in shot
that with that keyhole and take off the
safety key safety is key people I'm
going to go across this ladder without
holding on to the cable
oh my gosh please don't break your neck
the only thing to fear is for yourself
Wow are you okay all right honey let's
do it all right one down another zip
line three in a row
ah okay is it hard are you doing a good
job it strongly that I thought you were
proving your real strength in here
aren't you no so what's next Michael all
right so yep so Sam if you go ahead and
connect off for me okay and of all the
courses this is gonna require a lot more
physical body okay upper strength upper
strength shoulders know how much of that
so the trick here is not to get tangled
and to hold on so when you're stepping
out you can't just put one foot on the
block got it oh okay is that hey you got
that abrasion on her calf that was just
me being doable
Oh
okay so this looks pretty tricky
Nia's second-guessing us all judging is
an understatement
third yessing I just whacked my knee
with a huge metal clamp thing and it
hurts really bad kind of watch out for
the swing clamp okay I think I'm gonna
skip level
okay so I still have to keep one hand on
here okay
so like now he reached for the other
rope
oh you're so good at this
oh honey you got this yeah just take a
rest that was so impressed with Sam I'm
proud of you but I'm in a zip it
keep up real hard QT alright grab it
good job
what a woman
well our adventures are complete for the
day
Thank You Trinity Avenger you did so
good on black not so surprised I'm a
feeling she'd be able to do but she just
did so good go backwards and like force
yourself off the zip and she was able to
push herself ass backwards it's so good
thank you
I was really really really scared on
that one but it isn't that big fun got a
rope burn on the block one how's the
hardest oh my gosh
but Nia seems to think I did it you
didn't make it
well guys thanks for coming along with
us today on this awesome adventure that
was crazy wasn't it easy what was your
favorite part
what was your favorite part why yep
what was your favorite part my favorite
part honestly was the Rope the Rope part
backwards no clashers yet that part
would have been funnier but you just
post up pants on some parts they don't
burn the back your legs I try to do it
but oh I didn't wrap my legs around
either yeah I'm supposed to be like an
upside down thing but we couldn't do it
cuz we do shorts are my favorite part I
think was just a really long zip lines I
mean that's what I was looking forward
to every time going on the elements I
know you're so cute then you're like oh
so there's no more zip lines and you'd
like no but there's a big jump like you
could tell you yeah that was cool the
big jump was fun a longer freefall
anyway so we were gonna go fill up our
tummies after we're doing all that hard
work we've been out here for I would say
like what two and a half three hours
something like that yeah and I am
famished we're gonna go fill up on some
grub
yeah so thanks for coming on with this
guys yeah that was awesome I'm glad you
guys can be a part out with us and don't
forget we love you we do remember to
love each other
