what is that water and or her you fight
deliver in this together hi guys how
they gone today I'm just getting ready I
have been so hot like fall is just not
coming to Texas and when it does come it
rains so then it's still hot outside so
I had this outfit ready to wear today
with a cute little keyhole sleeves and
had this cardigan that I wanted to wear
over it because I love this cardigan
with this color it was too hot so I
turned it into a scarf
pretty guys he looks I got my FC bag in
for the month of November and I'm super
pumped to show you guys I got this Tarte
lush look how pretty it is on the inside
and I love it it's the clay
and there you have it come on up a basic
how are you guys doing today
he asked me this morning what we should
go and do today and I said we should go
and get a desk but then I came outside
and I remembered I had this sucka and
I'm gonna attempt this morning make a
desk for myself out of this here stuff
yesterday I made a little stool kind of
stupid but there it is it looks more
like a an ant eater or something you can
actually sit on it so it's actually kind
of comfortable it has four legs and
everything doesn't look like an animal
oh it looks like a hog that's what looks
like a hog I actually intended it to be
like an end table but way too short for
that so my plan with this sucker is to
cut it cut it off like right here line
right across there to go against the
wall back wall running out of gas real
fast this thing is going the gas let's
keep going how about it
well looks like I did make it way too
thin this when I'm done with this I
could cut up the top layer hopefully
it'll make it flatter cuz right now it's
not that flat and then I could cut
another layer for the desk
let's see much further I can go this is
the face of diffusions that ordered
officiate oh wow
oh I'm cooking dinner you guys making
veggie stew veggie beef stew would you
spoon for you and here's a little CNG
smidge e of water and there you go
no mom you can cook okay so yes I am
making beef stew my meat is dead I am
using a pound of lean beef that I
sauteed with garlic I'm gonna add it in
to make sure I have got celery carrots
onions fresh tomatoes two red potatoes
aqua bell pepper or maybe white beans
all of that stuff in here mama I saw
your text bubble cleaning your cell
might excellent soup here's what it
looks like it looks good what do you
think are you proud of me
Bebo yeah beep oh so happy though she
heard your voice and started whining for
the phone mom say hi she's down there
blow kisses
they walked her i water tell me they'll
say reindeer reindeer I haven't told
anybody yet but I'm about to we're doing
something really special for dinner
tonight so Symphony I need your help I
need you to take all of these and set
the picnic table in the driveway we're
having a picnic under our tree for
dinner
mm do you want offset the table outside
you can take the saltines we're having a
picnic under a tree take them
Juliet is the only member of our family
who drinks a real milk right now she
will go to almond milk probably when
she's 2 or 3 she loves it
piggy down little drink
all right here's our little setup it's
so beautiful out here and the weather is
wonderful it's not cold whatsoever and
so I really want to enjoy our tree
during this season as much as humanly
possible because the last season it
ended all too soon too soon too fast and
I've missed the Train I'm so glad it's
here so I'm having a picnic out here
I've also invited friends over next week
and we're gonna have a picnic out here
with our friends chase and Jenna and
their boys
this is so cool this is like exactly
what I'm imagining one day to happen in
Oklahoma and then all of our family
coming out Matthew Andrea Andrew my mom
my brothers have everybody out there in
enough room for everybody to stay I want
to make one of the rooms into just
nothing but bunk beds so people will
come over and kind of camp with us yeah
we're going this week I'm so excited
we're trying bite the neighbors come on
over and have some Superbus Brittany
Tristan come on down come have some free
dinner on us is anybody hungry one pair
of pants naked
so I heard us they actually heard us
calling them we were sawing you guys did
you actually hear us calling you hey we
did
the kids are throwing junior birdhouses
from Madison got a fan basic here they
live in the area came by to say hi so
he's making gingerbread
what do you like to do doing cool
you'll be careful up there now there's a
pan in that tree panis can be dangerous
time to clean up now your room okay guys
so everyone's in bed and now I'm doing
something super super fun but hard for
me because I'm really bad at making
decisions so we are getting family
pictures taken tomorrow Sam's brother
Matthew is coming over and we're just
gonna have fun and take pictures for
Christmas cards or you know for our
walls whatever and I'm having a slight
dilemma so I planned everything around
mine and Juliet's outfit so I'll show
you our outfit and then I'll show you
the dilemma I'm having with all the
other one so this is the pattern of my
outfit it's the crushed velvet and it's
got like purples and soft pink and so
here is Juliet's outfit there's no
velvet on hers but it does have like the
color scheme that goes with mine there
are three different shirts for Sam that
I could choose and I've also got the
other kits I'm trying to work in this
like cream and black and either maroon
purple or like soft pink so I don't know
here so these are Sam's shirt options
this is my favorite so far I'm just
wondering if it's too much of a pattern
for us to be next to each other but
maybe we don't have to be next to each
other but also it's a small pattern so
maybe for far away it is like bad no
let's take a look at that one so it's
nothing fancy and it doesn't tie in at
all and then there's this one which
totally matches the best but I think
it's a little too grande polish for the
photos because we're all dress and
really stylish it's a cute shirt don't
this is Abraham's outfit and I love it
this is the dilemma with Juliet versus
Abram this is super purple and this is
super maroon both of those pull from my
outfit see the purples and the Maroons
not bad not combo see it seems like the
purple kid needs to go over by mom so
takes symphony out the purple kid down
by mom we still have a working color
scheme there don't you guys think so now
though we add in symphony symphonies
colors play off of Juliet I don't think
in this color scheme is pretty solid
I don't Juliet's just six sticks out
like a sore thumb I bought ours first
and so together they do go really well
anyways come back tomorrow to see what
we chose
we have a busy day tomorrow morning
that's why I'm getting everything ready
now if you have some stuff going on at
Symphony school and it's her last day
before things even break
so anyways come back tomorrow see what
outfits we chose tell me in the comments
below what you like though because I am
curious anyways don't forget we love you
guys and remember to love each other
pretty close shot right it looks like
arteries and Danes coming off a heart
from the single
