alright one of our big Tomatoes is right
okay it's on this side here thanks
anyways wait hold it up to me no no
don't do that right now how did it grow
who gave you those well tell me what
you're playing we are going to go to the
post office and mail off some of my
wreaths Symphony howl
taped them up my helper back there what
did you get a bubble bubble
bable what color green she likes to eat
those like little bubbles that are full
of juice from the coffee shop it's a
Vietnamese coffee shop they are really
good bubbles you can get them at yogurt
shops too so okay so we are having a
little girls day we are only gonna be
out for a couple of hours and I thought
I would vlog about it because you're
probably wondering how I was able to go
have a couple hours to myself to get my
Mother's Day nails done the other day
and then now I'm getting a couple hours
to myself again today so let me just say
that I don't normally do both within one
week let alone even one month I don't
normally get to do this but my mom had
been wanting to spend some alone time
with Abram he started to get a little
older and more mobile and she has I got
to spend one-on-one time with him in a
while she's usually with all of us or
with symphony in him
so I thought I do need to go to the post
office and rent severan Symphony has a
library book that's due back so I
thought okay well we'll just make a
little small girls day out of it I'm
gonna take her to lunch I took her to
our favorite little coffee shop or they
have board games and we played Yahtzee
for a minute we play it way different
than the real game but we played dice
and now we're gonna go to the post
office and then have some lunch earlier
I said we were going to do Appleby so we
changed our mind now where are we going
to have lunch
chick-fil-a so she can play but a lot of
you recently have been asking me about
being a stay-at-home mom and how I like
balance it and like like a couple of you
have made the turkey made the comment
you seem to have it so together and so I
think I'm gonna talk about that
on Wednesdays with me and next week but
I was just going to say that one thing
that keeps it really good for me is
having alone time with Symphony
it just helps us to stay grounded as
mommy a daughter and I'm really grateful
to my mom and my mother-in-law for
allowing me to do stuff like that and to
say it meal too it's just a really
important time for us because we get to
have our bonding time right girl time we
are having funny time okay ready go
silly face happy face sad face
mad face racy face no no we are and we
are going to enjoy we are going to enjoy
some lunch together right tell me how do
your chicken and it's taste are you
gonna go in the car
they had good job we're gonna pick a
book see mighty you wanna pick from
right here okay well you know those are
like the little baby books if you want
to get a bigger book they're right here
for like a bigger case oh yeah that is
Miffy okay good I don't like it I just
take it they fit cool
okay what book did you get sis tell our
viewers quick words first snow day yeah
you like it put that back up there and
more politely and don't throw it across
the table thank you that's how to be
polite did you have fun you did yes
mommy
come on symphonie get down out of the
car all right
it feel good to be home Tiffany and I
are about to plant some lemon seeds I
can't stop the one that's God's job you
didn't know that
there's my coffee okay we'll get your
shovel I can pick it up yeah okay let's
go find a spot do you want to plant it
in the garden
all right you get the story you got the
fresh soil over here by your garden you
wanna plant a seed in here now no we're
just gonna carry the soil over to the
garden oh yeah too much not too much
where is how about some fertilizer and
mix inside of it here let's put a little
bit of fertilizer in there grab a
handful of the fertilizer put it on top
of that dirt is okay that's right good
job one more handful all right
right this way where do you see that no
I didn't have it where the seams go
not even real oh it's now that then
right yeah oh okay good we almost lost
it all right right this way all right
that's a good hold
that's good gonna get this old dirt
outside that fresh new so long there
daddy you're working hard hard ah all
right
pour the new soil in the hole hold on to
your seed all right good job
there you go put the seat in there all
right now Barry yeah just pick it up
with your hand and put it in the hole
okay there you go
it's okay to get a little dirty do you
want a little pat pat it down good job
dude
now we have to rot it you see all the
loose dirt right there to spray that
water those ones too
all right now why don't you you're four
years
so symphonies out here water and all the
plants the garden has been looking
pretty good I don't think we've given
you guys an update on it lately but the
gardenias have started blooming one of
them more than the other
this one looks awesome and over here did
you tell us plants not doing so hot you
doing a good job one of the Nia's
friends came by and gave her a bunch of
annuals the plant she's already planted
some of them do I want to surround the
tree do you want to dig holes while
you're digging out here maybe maybe you
really want to dig holes around our
crape myrtle tree over there
good job sent me down no yeah okay okay
we picked our fourth tomato from our
garden today and we got a baby one
little cherry tomato that one's for
Symphony and a nice normal-sized one can
you see it is it this is our first big
one in our third little one so we're
about to cut them up and have a little
tomato a snack mom I knew sepsis and
every piece is messy baby okay here you
go Symphony
oh don't jump it look at me what's a
tape like try them in your life and yell
intermedia no strawberry and what okay
here's my piece mmm there I am apiece
that do you think
much better farmers markets tomatoes I
know that's horrible and mushy some
people might call this a grilled cheese
but we call it the man in the moon
sandwich we have a full moon and a
crescent moon yummy if somebody's coming
up to our car
