hey guys welcome back to Wednesdays I
see ya Symphony and I are so excited to
show you how we make our own laundry
detergent
that's right doing larger can be lots of
fun right so funny right yeah so this
stuff is awesome guys it smells great
it's cost-efficient and it makes my
hubby proud as a stay-at-home mom we
have to find ways to make the mundane
everyday stuff we do interesting so
first things first come along with me as
we go to the grocery store and I show
you what you need to make it okay so I'm
here at Walmart and I'm going to show
you guys the ingredients I use for my
homemade laundry detergent so I start
with super washing soda it's three
dollars and twenty four cents and then a
box of 20 Mule Team borax
it's $3.97 both of those can be found
right next to each other on the aisle
where you get the sprays cleaners see
that so next I get a bottle of pure X
crystals $3.97 I'm going to be using
this flavor today
and last but not least I use soap bar
and that's on the next aisle where you
find your typical laundry detergent but
it's with the powder laundry detergent I
like to use the pink soap bar 97 cents
for this and it goes a long way
symphonie let you open up our so far and
while she does that I am going to pour 1
cup of washing soda and I'm scared all
right ok that's enough of that one now
I'm going to do one coat of water and
this is a 2 cup measuring cup and it
works perfectly ever all right look at
that nice pink don't bartley that there
I choose the pink bars just because it
makes it a little bit cuter so we'll set
that to the side this is the container
that I choose to you yeah can't that
kind of hang here
yeah it had your picture it's kind of
like a picture let's send it down and
before this in ready alright there we go
now okay
yes and now we're going to grate this so
far yes you can hey I can do it so we're
just using a regular cheese grater a
flat one and you want to grade it on the
small razor part you don't want to do
the large one because then your soap
will be unfortunate to your loads of
laundry
okay so now we're just going to break
she likes to catch it
sometimes Symphony likes to catch it in
her hands and then put it in the bucket
put it in the bucket though
chop it in so we make this some laundry
soap probably every two to four months
and I always let Symphony help me this
is just a fun thing for us to do that
wow this is just something fun to help
her engage in the housework with me it
makes it a lot of fun for her she's
actually really interested in doing
laundry with me now she loves to put up
clothes inside of the washing machine
she loves to help me dump the soap in
and it's just a lot of fun for us to do
this together so I'm gonna finish this a
little bit later and finish showing you
guys how we do it what about today
Little Billy yeah we're gonna do it
today okay so the last thing on our
ingredients list is the purist crystals
I just dumped them in you wanna help me
dump these in symfony yeah smell em
first mmm what did I smell like fish
flour fresh flowers that's what's on the
picture see let's dump them in and
there's turquoise so our laundry so it's
going to super-cute turquoise and cream
okay so now we shake it all up sometimes
I use a spoon and some
just to shake it like this shake it with
me zippy see this we're just finishing
up the mixing process got my spoon over
here my little helpers gonna help me mix
it up okay so I'm sure you guys are all
wondering exactly how this is done you
use one full scoop for a large load of
laundry
vo symphony
no more we don't drop any more just put
it back down in the bucket like that and
then for a small load of laundry you
just do half a scoop of this okay you
want to make sure and put your powder
your laundry detergent into the washing
machine before you put your clothes in
because it blends into the water better
okay well that's more soap it just got
into a clump so what we did here today
costs about twelve dollars be careful
these two right here the washing soda
and the borax will last about six to
eight months so all you need to do is
replace the perixx crystals and the soap
bar every two to four months and this
amount right here is good for five
people and it lasted like I said about
two to four months so I'm spending forty
five dollars roughly each year on my
laundry detergent compared to one
hundred and ninety five dollars or your
typical name-brand
laundry detergent isn't that crazy it's
just awesome the amount of money you can
say the fun you can put into it and just
make it your own for your family it also
helps me take a little more pride in the
way I do my laundry because I use my own
hands and my time to make my own laundry
detergent so anyways thank you guys so
much for coming along with us and
watching how we do this let me know how
it is for you if you decide to try it
out and if you have your own recipes
that you look that you use for laundry
detergent I would love to try them out
so leave them in the comments below also
what do you other moms do to keep the
mundane housework interesting I would
love to hear what you guys have to say
about that we're always looking for ways
to have fun right
right yeah
so anyways you guys have a blessed day
we're so glad we could share this with
you good keep drinking my stuff right we
are about to start a interview with RTL
television the biggest broadcasting
network in all of the euro
