the QA QA by the Raider family salmon er
one announcement I want to make we're
gonna stop doing this every week it's
just too much for us so we're going to
start doing it once a month so we'll do
our Tuesday's q8q a once a month and
this will be for this month and also I
think we're going to go ahead and just
stop doing vlogs altogether and just do
q and A's once a month soon they say
that was a joke you missed it anyway
okay question number one is gonna read
comes from Chantal de pano for Sam and
Mia what are the top three things that
you love about each other top three
things first let's say my top favorite
okay in no particular order I'd say my
favorite thing about Nia is her just
excitability the way she's just so
easily excitable and all she's so easily
inspired and passionate about things and
she's not afraid to express herself I
love that she's just so excited about
the littlest things and
I love how you prioritize your family
you paint God always God always comes
first then you're very clear that I come
before the kids and then they can tend
the children I love that she prioritizes
me over the kids and then God over me I
love that about her and her body okay I
want to say that one again I love that
she's so passionate about the Bible for
sure and that's just to God's Word and
she's she's consistent with making God a
priority in her life and surrounding
herself with godly people okay yeah okay
well when I was trying to think about
this after I read it I was laying in bed
and I was it's like when you see on the
movie and the words start swirling
around your head and I was like oh my
gosh I have to pick only three to talk
about okay well first of all I love that
Sam can make me laugh and I also love
his ambition and how he just like he
knows what he wants to do and he goes
for it and he works hard for it like
anything it can be like anything and
babies I love also that year yeah I love
his body but that that's would be if we
did four things cuz the taught taught
three other thing is I love how he leads
our family and I think it's just amazing
how he's leading us and he's he's just
so determined to lead our children and
keep our family you know just going
strong and he's very faithful and loyal
to us and I love that about you
thank you welcome okay question number
two
comes from Natalie Papke she said Mia
what pregnant woman do you love that
lives in Idaho what could that be
Oh anyway yes I love you Nats we miss
you
congratulations on the baby question
number comes from Angelica Nicole hey
y'all
Sydney you love from up north and
Connecticut this is a two-part question
which movie do you like more Shawshank
Redemption or law-abiding citizen would
you be able to pull up an escape from
prison or such a methodical and
elaborate plan to avenge your family
much love to you in those two wonderful
kiddos
I think you picked that question just
because it's funny right yeah yeah I
thought it was funny and we do we are
really big fans of the Shawshank
Redemption movie oh yeah see me I
remember the first time I showed you
that movie I was actually the one to
introduce this bunch of sunlight in my
eye that's why I'm moving forward I'm
going to introduced her to that movie
Shawshank Redemption I remember a few
member kind of but I remember Hugh
just like so into she's never that into
movies I mean she just so easily gets up
for movies and does things to her movie
before the theaters just to go pee
she'll easily get up just hold it in
like most people would I mean um but
this time she was like and now she's
like pausing I want miss anything I
remember there was the noise or
something movie and you got upset that
there was noise and kicking out the
movie I just really remember you're just
like so into the movie into this prison
movie
yeah Shawshank Redemption and I could
definitely pull off an escape to avenge
my family yeah yeah with enough sheets
and enough I don't know
yeah I could yeah okay awesome thanks
for that question it was really good on
we haven't seen law-abiding citizen
what's that shot prison break we started
that and it's very similar to Shawshank
Redemption - I'll start about eleven
yeah we started a while back we didn't
finish in this kind of block okay
question number four Symphony question
number four comes from JJ McCobb this is
a question for Sam what got you started
in the photography and did you take any
classes I love this question because I
love the answer I did take class one
class in high school that's when I got
into it actually I took a black and
white film class in high school just for
the heck of it it was just a blow off
class class really but I started to get
really creative in it and I noticed that
really enjoyed it and that's when I
bought myself a canon rebel and I just
started shooting camcorder I started
taking photos with my camcorder it was
so cute the camp girls take photos with
and I was so proud and that put on a
computer and they were so pixelated and
horrible is like what is going on here
that's what I really started learning
about about you know photography and
about you know the technical part of it
but anyway so yeah I got into then I
started photographing friends anybody
who wanted me to shoot take pictures for
them I did it in fact I like approached
people and asked if I could do the
portraits for them that's why I got
started I just started photographing
anybody and everybody who'd let me
photograph in and I've just over to the
past ten years it's been about 10 years
since I've been in photography it's
crazy that I can say something like that
ten years into something
that guy's pretty good question number
five comes from a week to sorry if I
butchered that what is the face when
Abram eat lemon no sweets you a man I
will show you what the face is my
favorite even though I guess he likes it
don't delay buddy you don't know good
hey boy hey Jay yeah alright question
number six comes from Gabriel Chandler
named Ania hey what is something about
each other that you weren't expecting to
have to get used to after you got
married and started living together some
funny little habit or quirk that you
didn't notice my best friend got married
yesterday and I was thinking about it so
I decided to ask you love you guys
hi symphony can you say hi Gabriel
considerate to the camera somebody said
I don't know you don't have one yeah I
do have one but what's yours you want me
to go first okay well mine it's not like
super funny and quirky but this is just
like the main thing I can think of okay
so before I got married to Sam he always
kept like he was very like kind of
prioritizing cleaning his room at home
like he would vacuum and keep his house
straight like keep his room really clean
and kind of organized he was pretty
particular about it too like his
bookshelf okay stuff like that
and I just didn't know that like
like I find random socks and like
sometimes clothes will be like in front
of the hamper instead of in the hamper
which is totally ok I'm totally not
complaining about it I'm very grateful I
have a husband to clean up after but I
just remember when I first started
noticing that habit I was like oh he's
to clean his own room what's happened it
was really funny he just was really cute
and kind of like I'm messy now I can't
think of anything negative that's kind
of what I'm looking for something
something I wasn't prepared for I guess
mmm everything else I was just like
she's surprised me in a good way but as
far as that goes I think it's just a
morning but that was it and I also
wasn't expecting to have to have good
breakfast in the morning for someone
it's like whatever question number seven
comes from Dylan sneak how did you
handle with the hate how did you guys
why did you guys get hate you guys are
so nice Thank You Dylan well basically
we just stopped reading the comments and
paying attention to it we've had a lot
of support from our friends and family
and you know we basically just had to
put it behind us and move on we know
what we're doing and we know what the
Bible says despite what people are
trying to say and we're confident about
our decision
the way we discipline our kids so we
didn't take any of it to heart when you
people you know have a keyboard
confidence and I'm sure most people met
us there won't be nearly as mad as they
were and another thing I noticed it's
kind of cool some of the haters have
continued to watch our vlogs and leave
positive comments so I mean Lily just
got to take this stuff with a grain of
salt okay question number 8 comes from
us to do question number hey but your
hands were tied to a bro true
okay comes from Taylor Gibson what one
cause our philanthropy endeavor that you
are absolutely passionate about ie
Domestic Violence Awareness education
accessible I personally am very
passionate about the American Cancer
Society I host online auctions every
year sometimes more than one and I'm
just really involved I have been for
about like four years now since I worked
for maurices
I've had a couple family members
struggle with cancer one passed away
with cancer and I'm just really
passionate about raising money for that
organization what comes in my mind is
just smoking cessation that's kind of
one thing I'm kind of passionate about I
just don't understand why people smoke
but that kind of puts in their body and
I read books on how to quit smoking I've
never smoked but I went ahead read a
book just like I help my patients it was
called quitting smoking for dummies but
I'm basically everything I see in the ER
almost I'd say 95% of the things we see
in the ER are directly related to
smoking and so I'm just passionate about
getting people to stop smoking I tried I
tell them about they have a smoking
anonymous or tobacco anonymous classes
in Dallas and one of the best advice I
give them is to find somebody else who
smokes and quit with them because the
best thing you can do is find some
equipment anyway now I'm rambling but
that's probably one thing I'm kind of
passionate about well guys thank you for
joining us for our six think so for our
sixth Tuesday's q8q a we'll see you guys
next month in July and don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
I said miles come say bye so we're in
our sixth garage sale and we have yet to
find a single thing
