we're at the doctor Abram has to get his
six-month checkup two months late
he's waving when we get out of the car
he started laughing and kicking it's
just so sad because he doesn't know
what's coming for my tears did you have
to baby one okay well if you don't want
to you'll have to he makes the line
through his little Pete's in his toes
are okay pick him up to me for a second
there you go he's 28 and 3/4 owe me idea
what time it is
chimes in I'm Betty and he just threw up
it is 9:30
okay we're 45 minutes from the house
that means we had to wake up around 8:00
and I was up till 1:00 a.m. working on
that last vlog last night I'm working on
you know some photosphere
are you ready for this buddy you worry
for sharking your boo boo boo no boo i
nee you don't get shouting your boo
honey and your chunky and your chunky
chunks
you could move in some hole he looks
like your dream home through it there
Chris have been let me check your toe
hunger presser okay open your mouth up
I'm gonna check the back of your throat
stick your tongue out I'm alone well you
know much of a gag reflex
hey it's also forehead checker hello it
simply calls this me what is this
called
hands at Iser that's right papers about
to get his shots for the first time what
kind of shops is he getting there
definitely shop
my bad I didn't get five well he's gonna
get drink but this one is combined this
one is three shots in one that's DTaP no
this is the tab no we love you buddy
love you buddy he won't get any more
you're so sweet seeing to him wasn't it
so sure such a good big sister so proud
of you
come on I am three three bitch hi how
are you dunk dunk we got two camera hi
doctor you know when life is little I
took a camera in every single visit to
make sure we
shots oh yeah like putting a shot shots
or you know how to bring a movie camera
in and stick it up in the corner that
long and then I take my pictures oh
really
that's hilarious
alright then let's see how chunky this
baby get very good size is out of you
kid wait seventy-fifth
heights 90th so we're in good shape
and you should be in some baby food
stereo third vegetable juices cheapen is
okay it's alright good she's not even
having rock-hard pebbles or anything
like that
Hey look what ten times it does he sleep
on me
good yes probably because he's feeding a
lot today
he's not waking you up and over like no
he kind of did funny a - can I tell you
something
yeah six months is when the age of sin
begins the age of sin the age of sin is
it really that's when they can be held
accountable for the sins does the Bible
say that let's just say this when he
starts throwing his bottle of my truth
oh yeah he does they start strong you
know he's out right you and he starts
manipulating you that's all about the I
sill is marked by the eye and since I am
about me my it's all about you he puts
up so I say that kind of jokingly to let
you know that knows what am i doing
he's starting and he's going to call you
out the middle of the night
wake him up or defeat him crying he's
gonna interfere with your sleep because
he can and he will say hi dr. P dr. P
let me see your tongue come on punch on
come on Cup cheesy sick nugget sitting
up okay what is going on here guy he's
got some to first look at them to first
you know he's putting this handsome
you're watching the doctor his mouth -
you know what that's called what's a
call
good job wow we're pretty good at this
stuff
it's a different kind and that's a
little spider angiomas know that no I'm
gonna ask you honest oh he has it on his
cheek thank you thank you thank you very
much wondering what that was it's been
there for months
I didn't rise it may never go away
he might develop multiples of those but
typically when you push on that in your
way and it comes back you sure that's
what that is and it really doesn't mean
anything
well my rant you did it
god bless you god bless you
so if in trying to get symphony to stop
sucking on her cup when she wakes up we
give to her when she goes to bed but we
don't like her sucking on it and once
you walk around a house to eat and why
not because it gives you bad teeth so
I'm going to show her what her teeth
they're gonna look like if she keeps
sucking on it I'm gonna show you some
pictures okay once you get growing up
like us this is what your teeth are
gonna look like if you keep sucking on
the cup all day long okay why what I'm
gonna show you right now oh yeah just
like this right here whoa see that
baby's teeth yeah they may end up
looking like something like that
yeah do you want your teeth to look like
that no if you keep sucking on it every
day they'll end up looking like that
baby Wow
yeah you're right it's not funny at all
or maybe even like these No thank you
that baby's teeth Oh what oh I was a
little it looks bad don't think yeah
let's see what else what they might look
like Hey look at her funny thing yeah
she makes me silly face but you don't
want your teeth it up like that do you
so you got it limited okay hey you know
what limit it means your way that means
only dude every once in a while oh I go
in when you're sleeping don't do it when
you're awake or maybe just take one
drink here and there so you don't end up
having bad teeth can you handle that
walk so not what we're gonna go do are
we gonna vote for yeah we're going to
pick I'm gonna take a berry picking but
the whole family is going we're going to
the hams orchard hams orchard is a very
popular orchard around here that sells
peach ice cream like homemade peach ice
cream and strawberry ice cream they've
got some great stuff and also have all
different kinds for
mara corner ghost boy first here we are
at the same place
Pam's P Georgia we're here sipping are
you excited or what this peach ice cream
was like my thing during both of my
pregnancies I mean I would buy like
pints and kinds of them and storm in the
freezer I was like haidle because Sam or
like his siblings would come over and
gonna lie I liked it as well yeah he did
like her pregnancy I mean it was just
like I would come here like I like you
go in the grocery store to get a gallon
of ice cream I would just come here by 4
pints of ice cream and go home and they
would last me a little while not long no
I could eat one in one sitting with arms
pregnant here's ham Georgia we thought
that closed at 6:00 but it's actually
five we only have 10 minutes till 5:00
all right ma'am can we still pick
berries or is it too late okay cool yeah
$4 per pan cool pocket you do get even a
good girl
let's go pick them you ready pick some
berries awesome I got my whole SLR to
get up on top of it I can take pictures
of her and film her as we do it so you
guys can come along with us
Tiffany these are the blackberries okay
you got to remember the red ones are the
ones that aren't ripe yet so we're
looking for purple ones
there's blackberry cool huh
they have fiber in them do you know how
sometimes it's hard for you to go poop
these help you go poop easier and they
also have antioxidants and they have
vitamin K cool good job
go ahead find a purple one you pick them
oh here's some big ones look at these
big ones oh here's some down here
there's a big juicy one you want to
taste it taste it when are you going to
trap him okay do you know what you can
make with blackberries you can make jams
you can make jelly you can make pies
come on keep walking there you go good
job you can even make candy with them I
have no idea how but some people can
make candy with them you go I'll get the
ones that are up high okay
look over here you see me in here
sure so for you guys who live in the UK
what's this thing about you can't pick
blackberries after October 11 did you
find one you seek are you HOT I taught
you a couple things well can you make
our blackberries what else Joey yeah
good job what is what is a blackberries
gift for for prayer yeah you can make
purple colors out of them hey look
here's one there's one right there -
look at that big sucker I'm gonna eat it
can I eat it
no not yet
okay kinda kind of fun but why did
somebody put that thing over the floor
so it's raining now we got out of there
just in time
supposedly someone had just cleared out
all their good barriers I said somebody
came in there and like picked 40 pounds
or something workers very
she got 96 cents worth of blackberries
they actually let us have him for free
cuz they were trying to get that
registers closed I couldn't find near
she had my wallet she was on the side of
the building hiding what do you know um
so me and I are going to go to Walmart
we're gonna get a movie we haven't
watched a movie together in a long time
a couple months at least so we're in a
movie have a movie town yeah she wants
to pick the movie
no I don't think I can movie it you can
make a grown-up movie for you and Annie
and no and I'll take mine alright you
know what
DVD n which one film we have frozen baby
good geez
your computer whatever camar√≥n VV dude
we're just renting one you're so cute
you'd made one for the TV silly
thank you
damn okay
you can't do that but simply if you want
to get a movie you need to get one that
you don't see now okay where I could get
one that we already have
well I have seen food
symphonie do you want mommy to pick you
a movie that I know you haven't seen so
you don't dig it in the rain wait
no don't think about that very long I
thought you don't want to get wet you
want to get wet
yeah you have to get out in the rain if
you want to go inside Walmart Wow well I
can we mommy genius that lady just ran
out of warmer and she had a bag a
Walmart bag over the kid's head oh I
gotta be kidding me
so what do we want you do we want our
kid to get wet or tick we want to
suffocate it that's cold Walmart
asphyxiation
how's the layers I was trying to get on
the block but you got him in the car too
fast
it's barely sprinkling daily that she
had a bag over his head for this that's
pretty mommy Thank You Man we'll get me
moving you at shopping very minor no I
went in for coffee and movies why
where's my book at my movies all right
would you get it yeah I got a symphony
it's not gonna have a picture on it
it's called the nut job oh yes the
monuments man it's got Bill Murray and
Matt Damon and George Clooney
Damon must be good we're getting ready
to watch a movie this is our ritual when
we do movies two big bowls of popcorn
ins and pickles and we like to drink the
pickle juice with the popcorn but Nia
likes to actually dip these individually
you like huh she likes
