make the silliest face make every face
make a happy face make a poopy face so
I've had it up to here with my hair so
it's time to get it cut off guys there's
just not much I can do with this anymore
so we're making a family affair of this
haircut that I'm getting today okay
can you close the door for me then push
push push
good job okay so this is the hair you're
gonna be working what are we doing today
I don't really know honestly maybe
something like this please nobody how do
you get your cut my hair
Sonia wants my hair look like Sean's
Sean is a little boy we met on the
Disney set in LA I don't I don't that's
not that's what she's showing I don't
want it to look like Sean I just told
Sam I think that that's what he's been
wanting but you never know what to say
to people
tiffany you enjoying the show this show
the haircut show are you enjoying it
not really she's bored - okay now that
I've layered it
he went it's different over the ears
here's the final product I love it this
it's like better than I could've
imagined out of it yeah I don't know if
I'm in my cubicle here again feels much
fast for sure all right throw it back
trial what's thanks I did not like what
to say give me that water she's being so
mean to me I was just trying to help him
out and find a good style he'd be mean
trying to be helpful guess he's gonna
leave and not pay I'll take care of that
for him ha ha ha
well here we are good old tanker we're
at the Nike store
Michael juju used to work back there it
is so bright out here I'm gonna be
shopping for some tennis shoes I haven't
bought a pair of tennis shoes for myself
since the year 2009 before Sam and I got
married I still wear the same ones
they're from the kids section I have a
pretty small foot and there were only 20
bucks so I was like you know I think
it's time I update my tennis shoes
throwback Thursday
Soniya guys sure it's not in LA we all
got one but today I work actually wrote
me a song called California scene his
name right there pretty cool it was
about me wanting to go to California and
becoming famous and ripped off my music
so I can live anyway obviously that
didn't happen which is fine by me
but those cool shirt because it has the
song name on it and I think we're going
to play it a little later for you in
this in the video but I brought my
skateboard today I used to skateboard
too
I'm gonna do a little bit of
skateboarding try a little bit cool
stuff on my gob proper let's go back
this is kind of my style I like the
coral the gray and the blue because I
wear those colors a lot got I'm gonna
try these on they're on sale see 35
bucks Oh selfie alright no I've walked I
kind of like this one too but not as
much so now I'm gonna try on these navy
with mint colored polka dots are those
cute these are the winners they're
cheaper and I wear these colors more
they're coral and aqua blue it's kinda
hard to see they look red but they're
just like teal and coral and those are
my favorite colors right now we are
walking into maurices this is what I
used to do the furrows
mom I worked here full-time worked my
way from the bottom to the top in the
store what it looks cool like this and
so I don't think there's anyone here
that worked with me at the moment I
started out as a sales associate and I
worked my way up to the top as the store
manager and so that means this was my
store I was the farthest you could go
inside the store the next level is
corporate level and I was also working
my way towards that when I decided to be
a stay-at-home mom just like totally on
track to going up going further than the
store and I just decided I don't want to
do this anymore I want to stay home this
is it this is racism sure a lot of you
especially you up in the northern states
in Canada probably know what maurices is
and so this is it
I mean wow those are cool I like those
on you it brings back good memories
coming in I used to hang out
what's your hand I should say same you
can't stay here very much longer I'm the
manager now
I used to sneak in the back with her sit
down with her while she did office work
that was cute
Nia's song is off this is her song my
hair too short guys do you think my hair
is too short be honest do you be honest
with me okay we're friends honey your
songs on it's so cute this is the sand
this is what Sam looked like when I met
him
always on the skateboard ah you're so
cute
just trying to get a skills back so cute
warms my heart a little bit we just got
to the soccer award ceremony Symphony
and covered in their awards because
soccer supposed to take pictures such a
heavy lens so heavy
perhaps my shoulders they're seeing you
wait rocking her new haircut maybe maybe
I cut in our last vlog we the good egg
man soccer shirt so we're here at their
first their first organized sports
awards ceremony you like the most
exciting moment of our lives I don't say
to you tell us what happened to you now
tell us the story
no I don't want to tell it no I don't
want to hear it anywhere her seat belt
anyway there's Sammy gonna pick some
 huh
we'll try to get through this pretty
quickly so you can all get home you know
get your dinner or whatever you want to
do for the night get out of the game the
camera is right so
are you guys gonna cry what in the world
why are you crying
you're so cute was the show right here
me is crying a little blue hi symphony
her and cuff like so cute running up
there and they're just a little and
proud and their faces look like look at
me Mom I'm getting a soccer trophy and
then they're like my bears jofi my
trophy my trophy they're just so excited
so made me cry a little bit there's the
photographer
there's the soccer boy that good-looking
thing right there
here's Eric carpet day is he's finally
here you have a shirt that kind of
matches that very corporate Eric there's
a man over there that Sam thought was
you I gotta show you him
throwback Thursday Eric and I are about
to make a music video to the song that
Kim and I wrote you didn't use it better
lyrics tight for Nia to song we work
together back in high school for Nia I
can make for you
something big of myself if this world
will let me for such a beautiful cause
but you can make you notice take about
this I'll give it my best stick it
through come hell or even time span for
me when the weight is not at my back
I'll see us ahead I know
peaceful doubt as I lean into the wind
when they send wood lying to my knees I
fear you beside me baby please oh please
we never Bend an ear for them I'm going
to Cali
for new challenge
for me
Carrie for new
for near I will make for you a night to
remember when I win the day if I fell
please still have me then you can make
you all the time in the world to do your
favorite things I'll sweat to see you
stretch your wings when the wind is not
having my back
I'll see us ahead and know this is for
that as I mean to
when the send replying to my knees I'll
see you beside me say please oh please
we'll never
you
I'm going to get
Hey
yeah
yeah
me
tell me
you for me
well guys thanks for watching that ball
today I'll see you tomorrow
and don't forget we love and remember to
love each other first up for the chubby
bunny challenge Symphony pearl Raider
are you ready for the chubby bunny
chubby yeah let's do it
so the object of the chunk chubby bunny
challenge you're going to step as many
of these in your mouth without eating
them
