just to show that I do this sometimes I
am taking out the trash I don't ever
have to take out the trash
Sam is really good to me and it makes me
realize how lucky I haven't when I do
have that was really nasty it stinks
really bad but Sam did have to work last
night and Abram pooped like seriously
last night he swooped like 12 times I'm
not exaggerating so I had to take his
trash out and I just took out the
kitchen trash with it so anyways that
was that I think we decided to go to
Cole's because they're having a really
really really big sale so okay we
planned on leaving the house at around
11 ish and it's 11:40 Bob WAMP story
about lives so it's really hard to get
off the door with three kids just like
first you got a play and then you got to
play some more and then you clean up
what's your played with and then you
have to play with even something
different at the clamp
here we go okay I found a bubble hell up
kid
bubble hellokitty okay we are now at
Kohl's Sadie has a really good coupon so
the coupon is spend 25 get 10 off and 15
horses so I got abramson little summary
t-shirts and stuff I'm gonna weed
through it and probably pick out like
three that I really like and I got a
couple pairs of shorts playing it up
with this shirt and I thought but I did
shirt this shirt I don't know if anyone
can notice that Sam has the same shirt -
the airplane there and then be sure it's
a thing I'm gonna get these shorts just
doesn't mean yeah
sit up wanna watch him what's with you
begin yes for the last two days Sam has
asked me to fix his hair it's really
cute hey I don't know why I guess he
likes the way it feels when I use my dry
shampoo on his head I think really that
stories and he doesn't he wants me to
rub it in his head what's up yo what's
up what's up so I just posted
Wednesday's with ania video and it's
already getting a lot of attention a lot
of people commenting on about discipline
I think Nia did an awesome job on it so
I'm excited that you know people get to
you know hear the message of God and you
know about this plan anyway so we're
about to go out to dinner with a couple
of old friends of ours you already got
the honey you want to watch her go home
why do you want to watch her go home
because I like to you like to watch her
yeah who's Marissa who is she tell our
viewers who Marissa's Marissa is my
friend and she lives down the road
yeah okay that's Marissa we're meeting
some friends some old friends there they
have a new baby not that new he's like
five months old now new to us though
I've never met him and we're gonna go
meet them there so see you there
oh my gosh you wanna meet those cheap
hunter is it okay if we vlog okay it's
always awkward when we first see someone
Abraham's infatuated by our waitress
alright man I've been meaning to ask you
a question
so you made me your best man and then
you took it away from me
through a text message
get out there
so went to his wedding if you like
cancel me as his best man at the last
minute hated guy no I just had a confirm
oh yeah I mean I totally understood
let's go explore are you making fun of
our waiting for me to hold her hand
across the street what a good girl so I
actually took some pictures of Matt here
when we used to be friends
during his karate moves oh yeah we did
it on the basketball court over there
when this is show us some moves man he
just karate what do you have black belt
here's a black belt karate so summers
bra do it with the baby over there
bastard partner come on oh I'm right
it's on a very heavy duty spring
good job lady go anyway yeah we met in
anatomy and we had a falling out but um
it looks like Brittany and Nina started
making friends how did you guys start
talking
babies I think one night I just started
talking on video yeah I just messaged on
Facebook all right we could talk
breastfeeding alright man show some
cards bro right now yeah all right weed
you got to record us I want to do some
moves too he's going to teach her right
we got a Bob Ross painting in the
background happy little trees this
beautiful clouds
I got awesome those clouds are there
just so still it looks like a painting
all right here we got Brandon she was
hoping to be on the vlog is that why you
guys invited us out yes we want to be
famous came out of nowhere
what she's doing karate great Symphony
watch him BAM right there
no way show me the way let's race up
trying to get to that hoop what if I
tell you give me up they're not actually
not wait Matt's gonna get online I don't
think he can make it ready flip all the
way around Sam oh yeah I'm sure no way
baby way baby
yeah look at that sweet girl Wow monkey
boy that's the lanky oh my gosh whoa
look at you can't get you up here do it
Oh Matt come back hurry like Daddy
watch daddy go very fast no you're not
it doesn't stop it's okay but are you
dizzy I'm so sorry
yeah go try to walk try to walk yeah you
can't walk yeah okay you okay
alright so I got out of my car and I
guess I forgot to take the keys out so
Matt has taken me to the house while the
girls stay at the park it's five o'clock
at night it doesn't matter
I'm so sorry
so we got to go get my super set of keys
I really appreciate it
so bad you might see injured
I've never locked my keys in this car
before the first time ever really like
ten minutes from my house
15 minutes for stopping my target
customer sounds like I got a phone call
I gotta take this no that's my phone I
have to take this call hello hello this
phone on hello who is this sizzlin e
symphony who symphony prowl rainier city
pro Raider aren't you that cute little
girl who makes everybody happy
yeah Wow
how did I get so lucky to receive a
phone call from you yeah why are you
calling me Oh what you want to tell me I
need to tell you that when you want I
like when you love you like what what
what
bye are you leaving me yeah okay well I
love you well I'll call you in a minute
okay I'll talk to you tomorrow baby in a
minute yeah what's a minute like
tomorrow in a minute right I don't think
it is but okay I'll talk to you later
love you okay his foot is calling it's
very tiny I can't reach him so Matt took
me home to get the car keys in our home
getting ready to put the kids to bed
just kind of late 10 o'clock it's time
for the nightly spankings oh that was
joke we don't do nightly stink we just
want to see how many people we can tick
off so simply come here it's time for
your nightly spankings mommy you got a
phone call
oh my goodness other than here what
could it be what are they saying to her
okay
I'll let her know right away goodbye hey
Doc McStuffins called she has a severe
patient she needs your help
you have to kill her be doctor you get
to be her assistant no I'm gonna take
this phone call in the living room I
don't take my phone calls in here I'm
gonna take it in that window uh hello
okay now we're gonna read a story we
read a story every night what are we
reading tonight I know you're Underland
Arthur's underwear Arthur amoeba was too
embarrassed to move then he felt someone
shaking him wake up Arthur the movies
over okay now who's your prayer request
us Cuffy okay so thanks for watching our
vlog today guys appreciate it good night
and don't forget it we love you and
remember to love each other night night
Mia is about to convince me to buy more
product
I have visions of hot spot which away
from plants I will get the mulch
