the QA
welcome to our fifth Q&A with Sammy Nia
and the rated family ok me and Tiffany
Avram so welcome thanks for joining us
once again happy Memorial Day thank you
so much for all you who serve and all
you who sacrificed so much time for
loved ones who have joined and happy
Memorial Day we didn't get to do a
Memorial Day blog and I want to thank
Nina especially for joining us this
morning because she's feeling sick this
morning don't go getting ideas either we
received 170 questions from you guys on
our Facebook page thank you so much for
all those questions the only quick take
that's over double than our first time
we did our Q&A so thank you guys so much
for all your participation really
appreciate it a special shout out to
Lorenzo I took a picture just for you
Lorenzo here this check out yep that's a
pizza ice cream cake gels for you by
hammerite question number one one comes
from Tessa Maine Knoll she asks I'm 19
and in college and I want to be creative
with my life but it's hard to be
practical about it do you have any
advice since you're both creative and
creative and have figured out how to use
your gifts daily love you guys well
Tessa my advice to you is don't be too
practical about it when I first I was
kind of like you when I first wanted to
do something creative with my life I
wasn't very confident about it I wanted
to be a photographer back in high school
I remember how I'm confident I wasn't
myself at being a photographer I
remember telling myself over and I was
like there's no way I could ever shoot a
wedding there's just no way
and I even got down about it pretty
often just go for it whatever you want
to do creatively you want to paint just
start painting and that's it just focus
on that you know of course you got to
make income but make sure you're not
striving towards the income so just go
do the thing that you want to do and so
don't think about it too much any of us
from your kid now would just say keep
practicing what do you do we're curious
and just just do it for fun and keep
practicing it question number two comes
from Victoria filimonova Wow something
like that haha
Sam what is the craziest er experience
you've had and what made you decide to
become an RN love your videos and
blessings to you left cute family I went
to nursing school and earn my BS and my
bachelor's in nursing at the University
of Texas at Arlington
so my craziest year experience there's
just so many and the ones out of the
craziest are actually probably not
appropriate for me to tell you guys one
that's kind of my mind right now a
lady's step and all the ladies stepped
on a knitting needle and it was just
horrible went straight through her foot
straight through her foot and knitting
heel oh it's so horrible
yeah actually did more than go through a
foot and went through her foot actually
went up into her ankle and kind of stuck
out through her shin the worst stuff
I've seen her kids I've had to do CPR on
babies to fingers school present in her
chest those are absolutely horrible I've
seen kids you know break their arms
where the bones are just out of place
and the parents are just outside their
mind and it's just such difficult
situations when it's when it's a child
do you like waffles come from Ellis
Webber yes I do too I like waffles do
you like waffles you know
okay pinky pinky she likes pancakes we
like waffles and thanks for the question
question number four comes from Elias
Alan Hoppus do you even live Sam I think
that's rude towards Mia
do you even know Sam I know I guess
you're saying she lists the babies does
she even live to me do you miss me no I
did not why I lift you up
well sure what you mean by even if Sam
would it would mean can you explain a
little bit front of that one question
number five comes from an awake what is
a truly incredible moment for you guys a
moment where you saw God's glory I love
watching you guys you're such an
inspiration on how to live for Christ
keep it up thank you Anna for me was
when I decided to be a stay-at-home mom
for sure just like I felt like for the
first time in my life I like heard God
to speak to me while reading the Bible
it was amazing thank you
the truly incredible all know it for me
happened to me into college I was I had
just come home from spending some time
with Nia before we were married for some
reason I was I don't know if I was
doubting God I don't remember exactly
why I asked God but I got out of the car
and I looked at this guy said give me a
shooting star if you're there and and
then I just kept gazing in the sky and I
was looking around for a shooting star
and I started thinking why am I asking
for a shooting star to prove that he's
there this this is proof that he's there
that I'm looking at right now in these
beautiful stars right after I had had
that thought that this was his sign that
he was there an amazing shoe star
appeared in the sky light in front of me
it was like it was almost in the Verizon
it really strange the way the shooting
star was I never seen one like that but
I had pretty much broke down it was just
the most incredible moment for me I got
chills all over my body and I called Nia
that night I was like
most amazing thing happened I went
inside till my brother I was just like
thanking God for him just like
communicating with me like that it was
just amazing question number six comes
from Jaclyn Sierra ultra Mary what's
your favorite books sippy what's your
favorite book Thank You rose underwear I
need you I guess currently my favorite
book is I really really love the book
Esther in the Bible I've been reading it
I've also been doing a devotion with
symphony I'm gonna take a break battery
died so in all honesty my favorite book
is wild at heart by John Eldridge it
helps men identify who they are as a man
you know in a culture that tries to tell
us what we are and a book I'm reading
right now called strong father's strong
daughters written by a doctor that's
about teeth that teeth just follows how
to come between their daughters and this
toxic culture that we live in two more
questions question number seven comes
from eve Marlowe symphony do you enjoy
exploring with your daddy if so which
has been a destination with love for
anyone yeah what's your favorite
adventure so far oh cool we'll have to
take you back there yeah thanks for the
question I was starting to wonder about
that question number eight it is from
Hannah Simpson can really really hoping
my question might make it this week so
trying to make it a good one if your
little family had to spend one month on
a desert island and each of you could
only pack three things what would they
bring it why keep up the bar me never
fails to make me smile
I'll bring your Bible
I would also bring another book hollowed
out with a NASA blank in it in it some
matches some beats an axe and the ie
a gun really yeah I would not bring any
of that gold you make money
well you're bringing the Bible I don't
need to bring a Bible some kind of
electronical device to like communicate
with people to come and get us
okay and a hairbrush and food
excuse me sent me alright guys thanks
for watching our vlog for today
big news day so and then just stick with
us for next to me watching you ain't two
days and I'll see you tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
Oh
