usually don't do blogs on Sundays but
today what that would be a good time to
vlog because today's our first time to
do taught in the class little pillar
church what we'll be doing we're in our
pillar shirts so the taller class is
called little pillar Symphony's in the
toddler class so cute I love those shoes
this is too cute one of the most
annoying things of life is when you're
trying to find the right coffee lid to
your tribal coffee mug it's like which
one do I pick they're all black and
they're all great yeah almost grown
things most frustrating things of life
in Western civilization I'm gonna final
it your coffee cup we have nothing to
complain about we are welcoming you to
come along with us on this beautiful
Sunday morning there's a huge turtle
movement of the road
see you right there
come on little guy yeah we got his face
smashed oh this is sad bye buddy good
luck
so those are brave snap eternal turned
into the other side
no way to church
watch out for tears in there oh my
goodness when you see a turtle
as we're programming at these dinners
the face
please
we just love Church we're on our way
home got our symphony back
and this was our first time teaching
class together and it was so much fun
and I loved it I feel like I did I feel
like I could do it every Sunday how did
you feel having mommy and daddy as your
teachers great tell me what we learned
about
that's right we learned about a woman
who touched Jesus's row because she
wanted to be healed right right that's
right time to apologize to boa Chantal
for not
peeling up you're going out to lunch
really bad I wish we had earlier wishing
afterwards Sunday nights tonight I have
to work and I'm just already so sleepy
afterward 12 hour shift at 7 o'clock
it's almost 1:00 so I really got to get
home I have to take a nap maybe go out
for the week sometime
you call Bo hey we'll go out one day
this week let's see here today we also
tonight Sam's gonna miss it but Sam's
little brother is turning 26 we're the
same age for a few months
I'm older and we're having a little
family birthday dinner and we're just
gonna play board games and have pizza
and stuff this is kind of like a family
ritual we do with Sam's family we always
invite all the family over when one of
the siblings has a birthday or a parent
and we have dinner with play board games
we're brother hit the area why save the
turtles if you moved let's see if you
walked away he's back on the road
smashed oh man I'm just so bad there's
too much traffic
man he's real attractive
that's so sad what a bear babies over
the
you didn't make it he got back in the
road and he got smashed two weeks ago
man I wanted that whole way if I had a
safety there was a chance that he could
pay him across the first time
don't know doing something good I'm so
sorry I'm a hinge
I hope your babies are okay yeah babies
here's our cute table we're having a
little get-together for Sam's little
brother Andrew or uncle juju as you guys
know him I was reading in my Better
Homes and Gardens magazine today that
when you're having a party to save money
if you want to spice it up you should
switch around your plates what I did
today is a little different I got a
solid color plate for the patterned
plate on top and a fork that kind of
blends it on a polka dots and then my
napkin I got is totally different
nothing like it but it still goes
because it's polka dots
isn't that pretty cute hey amber Mbita
how's it feel to be twenty six five it's
over 500 he said 26 I'm 24 right now
thanks my two please Rich's home that's
an interesting skirt it's a jumper that
looks like I know it's interesting three
people my favorite
did you do every card why not when you
want to get to later Oh sweetie you got
your favorite pizza yeah that's perfect
pizza you got Andrew your favorite pizza
do you like those all those cake balls
do you like them I was because they've
been in the freezer here what are those
yeah just put it on the plate one of
your plates pick a place you don't lend
me yours thank you all right the party
boy Jonathan wrap your life changes
we're gonna play taboo but first check
out these cool earrings at Rachel's yeah
and Sam while he's here okay so we're
gonna start it's not flimsy um
solid strong string
wouldn't ring what are you talking about
okay well I'm all ready for work back to
lane to the ER sad to work wasn't my
mom's way to get that background you
can't see Andrew beautician with your
sister believe he barks at me it's time
to say good night
I am getting ready to fold this massive
load of laundry do that
whoa and I've got one more in the dryer
thanks for joining us for our fun-filled
Sunday we hope you guys have an awesome
week we will see you on the next vlog
and we'll be praying for you too
all right guys you have a good night and
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other in all
sincerity I really did mean that so you
guys have an awesome night hey guess
what guys you guessed it our shoot is
over time to go shopping together we
always shot like this holder from behind
whoa
