welcome to the family without Nia come
here baby with us should I take it now
or later always not for any reason at
all don't be here because
all right guys come sit up yeah Rachel
made that for you Evan look what I made
full court that did your delicious good
happy Sunday morning fair basic welcome
to the family with no Taniya
I got girl this kids ready for church
are you coming with us I don't know what
time she comes home but I know it's some
time today neither one of us have fun
Rachel's with iPhone and mean so we have
no way of communicating with the outside
world
I wonder what's going on out there
I love it like this
Sunday family first
oh you actually gonna do the atman
started off that I aroused in his family
first I could breathe guys can't believe
they did the family first with belt the
girls Juliet turn up the mics at one
point she were on stage and push the
button and turn up all the mic that was
crazy
but we did it guys so what about how's
your stomach
he threw up on the way home so so much
better I might throw down some tacos Oh
preciate you asking yeah surely and it's
most like vomit yep let you see them
alright guys let's get ready for bed
okay we had sonic for lunch
get it all ready for bed Symphony your
ever been weird a nap time let me put
them down
Piper's piano okay oh she was in her bed
so bad how could not be I love you
hi night out I did not get to sleep in
this it's sleeping this yeah
just like you're gonna sleep up there in
your bed okay
you can sleep in your sleeping bag in
your bed okay you can pretend that
you're tense because it because it is a
tempest yeah
awesome buddy Bell camping why not pal
I love you all right everybody's in bed
now it's time to get up the vlog and
I'll make thumbnails for today and
tomorrow and do some editing and all
that stuff so these should be on our way
home in an hour so hopefully she'll be
up before they wake up not for any
reason at all I'm just hoping she'll be
here because I got her this Lola the
best welcome home mommy's cleaning up
vomit off the couch I'm sorry she didn't
think you're really nuts Nick you know
too many goldfish home guys Rachel came
back over nobody in this family has
owned any more so we don't know what it
was this way why do I
Oh sweetie that's why I came bad mommy
soon we're having soup because Tiffany's
not feeling good only last night Millia
but why is my soup down there for seven
soup is hot you have lots of space in
here and this kitchen is perfect for any
chef one hour later
so tomorrow and they entreaties birthday
should I take it now or later her in
Symphony just started watching a
ventriloquist
so I think I'll come back later Rajon I
have a serious problem with giving each
other presents at any time it's like we
find it we buy him like s when I got you
it's this and we always tell and this
one time I did not I got her something
that I think she's going to love and I
think it's really pretty and I think
it's really cool I haven't told her yet
oh my gosh you guys I got it my tan met
burst Marcos oh my gosh and they look so
cute my new organized excess
let me show you some stuff I did at the
women's retreat okay this was the
journal that I used and I've lost the
pin that I used so here's some of the
stuff I did this all of it this looks
weird I have to practice these more but
that one end was just free handed no
practice just did it and here's some of
the notes I took the theme of our
retreat was abide and so like for
instance we learned just how to do that
how do you officially do that how can I
always abide in his presence God doesn't
save us and walk away he wants to see us
to completion that was one of the notes
I took how can we abide in Jesus if we
don't know who he is so who is he we
listed these things so then we went into
day 2 and we talked all about being on
the right path and still abiding and
stuff like that here are some of the
little artworks that I did know we were
reading from different scriptures John
15 11 and we're talking about how he is
the vine and we are the branches so I
drew this Q of iron ore he is mine we
abide in the Father to bear fruit he is
the vine we are the branches and we want
to have fruit Y abide the vine is just
all these things on abiding the vine the
branch these are some branches being cut
away yeah yeah so then I made this this
little saying inside a wreath we are not
separate from God and I drew like some
kid loved things he is good discipline
free gift and then I was just practicing
while we were all chatting at the end of
the day writing some things I practice
my whole alphabet I spelled tomorrow
incorrectly because I was not paying
attention one of the girls there had on
watercolor pins right with this little
girl one just went up in our business oh
did you scratch your baby face when did
you do that notice that yes this baby is
so ready for bed look at this oh my
goodness life is so and then we get a
smile here I know that turned into
wah-wah but she says to one say to
hey are you trying to show them our
dirty laundry you do not need in there
so here's my markers my cool
you have brush tip on one side and you
have fine liner on the other side okay
guys it's almost bedtime I'm gonna end
the vlog with our question of the day
and it is if you got a new puppy what
would you name it we got a new puppy I
like the name gizmo and Cosmo Cosmo from
fuller house gizmo because it just
sounds like a cute little puppy so no as
you see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you and I remember to love each
other
my political and then he what did you
build a termite yeah
