today is spring cleaning day it's been a
while since Sam and I both clean the
house together he gets off pretty like
easy I just totally take care of the
house which I don't always keep it super
duper amazing but today we are going to
tag-team it and really just like get it
done I'm starting in the kitchen and I'm
starting with just dishes I don't have a
whole lot in sync but I've just got some
back there so I'm going to start with
that I've already got the laundry going
back there behind me and that's where
we're starting and I think Sam is gonna
start on the craft room and his desk
area especially what we'll just go from
there symphonies gonna help out a little
bit too she knows how to clean her own
room and so I don't know I think about
showing you guys a little bit before and
after okay this is the craft room was
pretty scary so this is Sam's main job
this is stuff from we remodeled our
kitchen and the stuffs just been sitting
there since we remodeled this is Sam's
desk area I know guys seriously like
we're not hoarders it's just gotten out
of control
that Symphony's crafter this is our
playroom as well and then this is where
I like do my wreath stuff see as we come
into this room we got home at midnight
last night after doing a photo shoot and
we didn't I like pick up the house at
all so there's that room normally this
room stays the cleanest Abram you look
like you've got your feelings hurt tell
me
so Sam is still asleep kind of waiting
for him to wake up that's why I'm doing
the basic stuff so we're going to be
doing that we also have a photo shoot
this
good morning me Lance I just woke up
from my sleep
and he is doing spring cleaning she's on
a roll today she's very serious about
this okay I'm losing it I can do it
so my job is to get this cleaned up I
will be clean up this dust as you can
see salmon is up here Nia is working on
I know she's gonna do that for sale okay
that Symphony's a little creative Center
anybody want it so much in the office as
I clean up my desk and my favorite scene
just came on I gotta share it with you
guys I finally broke down and bought
myself a plasma TV check it out I
actually hung this on the wall myself
good a lot of people in the room you
need more space while right into the
brush Wow sometimes I will just stand
here and watch television for hours I
love it I love this TV I've already
filed two bills that have gone unpaid
one was from our trip to California a
couple months ago from the toll roads
looks like we got fined $100 from the
toll roads our records show that on
below dates the vehicle identified was
traveling on the toll roads without
making the proper toll payment I had no
idea this was a complete mistake
hopefully they'll go down on that price
for us but bummer and the other Bell I
found is from central financial records
another medical bill hey guess what I
found three quarters the way through
cleaning my desk I found a money gram
for 200 bucks how cool is that I thought
I had already catch this in its other
for a wedding I've already done or it's
the retainment fee for wedding coming up
I can't read the name I've got paid for
cleaning my desk so that's fun here's
where I'm at so far
got all this area clean you got to do
some dusting um I got to clean this area
you know clean all that down there
so right here is a bunch of trash and I
got all this photography equipment to
put away and organize check it out guys
I found my DEP C card if you point the
card to north right here it'll tell you
where the Sun is rising and setting and
in all the months of the year so January
if this was pointing north would be
sitting over here here's the kitchen all
nice and wiped down all the dishes are
done up course Sam has put two coffee
mugs in there there's Sam he's so worn
out from halfway cleaning his desk oh
yeah right oh let's try that I'll show
you guys how it done he is there we go
he cleaned off his desk to put it on the
floor it does look a lot better though
seriously this is my area getting worked
on uh-huh think about it this is my
dilemma right now guys I want a coat
before I had kids I didn't drink coke
like literally not at all ever ever ever
I didn't like it the dilemma is I don't
have a Coke and I want one my house my
desk is all clean all I need to do now
is dust it I was gonna like that part up
to Nia cuz I think she's really good at
dusting I'm not very good at that so I'm
gonna leave it up to her um here does
doesn't it beautiful guys look at this
it's so nice and shiny
I forgot my desk look like I bought this
desk on Craigslist for a couple hundred
bucks
he said she paid like two thousand for
it thank you tea hey I was just telling
them about my desk how it needs to be
dusted no oh yeah so now I'm working on
photos this time to get to work and some
of these pictures just like look so
dreamy
check this out however this recording
doesn't do the photo much justice I like
this one tea right here
have a little bit of the leaves in the
foreground the first thing I do when I
go to these photos is I rape them oh
that's nice look at that that is really
pretty so you can see that bond was in
the background but the problem was all
the once we were done shooting here on
our way back I noticed that all the
flowers are facing towards a barn so
pretty much in these pictures of her in
the fields of these orange and red
flowers I'm getting the back of the
flowers it's kind of a bummer but it
still looks really good um let's see if
I can show you some other ones either
turning out great well Ben I thought
they would I like that one I think I
could probably crop it a little bit but
don't look good I love that uh although
the water tower in the background I'm so
country in such a country feeling you
see her pink boots she just looks so
happy she's even crinkling her nose
excuse me buddy I'm working here
I can't believe a broom could sit on my
desk Hey right here she's wiping sweat
off her forehead but it turned out
really cool it's kind of a natural pose
her dress looks incredible on it listen
right here right here this one's good
pretty good I guess came up with that
pose
Nia came up with that post you did good
job so here I'm using Lightroom 5 I
can't think there's a six out now
I haven't upgraded to the six yet I like
that one
looks like a cover shot some for the
groom um we took her to a lake for this
true very dreamy area I like this one
here I'm not really cool I like that one
too first I'll go through and I'll write
them all threes I'm not all of them
alright the ones that I really like
threes then I'll go back and compare the
threes and the ones I don't like as much
I'll download them too to making this
last minute wreath for a lady for
Memorial Day she's coming to get it in
one hour
and when we were on the set for the
Disney music video that lady put a whole
bunch of makeup on me all in my eyebrows
like she put that pencil stuff in my
eyebrows I never wear that stuff and now
I have a pimple here and down here and I
feel like ones came in there and I've
got and never get pimples and all of a
sudden now we're all that makeup and now
I'm getting it you might be asking why I
have diapers stepped up there that's
because I'm making a diaper wreath today
so Symphony's little area was organized
but then Sam cleaned off his desk and
found a whole bunch of her stuff over
there so it's kind of stacked back up I
have a lot more work to do over there
it's at least same about his area
organized so we can do his work you and
Betty oh yeah oh my gosh I should just
kind of work like this now right this
exact like put my feet up on there so
you can open up my legs like this
I just do my editing with my wireless
keyboard box oh wow
hey Deborah thanks for sending us some
of your work I'm gonna share some of the
photos with you guys real quick
beautiful Debbie surae photography
laughs fly be you who I love this shot
very nice
thanks again Deborah that was really fun
looking at those I really liked your
headband and I love the way you wear it
I made this wreath guys there it is it's
all finished what's the website suddenly
you got something in the mail again
she's been on this website called Jane
Comus here she got here told the baby
I'll open it for you I want to open it
right on let's see what she ordered
this time it's all in Japanese well Kok
eating I like it
no isn't that so adorable yeah they put
a blue hair bow in there for me made out
of rubber cheapest material good
possibly it looks like diaper material
what the heck okay so getting ready for
another photo shoot
yesterday's prop was the wedding dress
today's prop is the belly that's right
I'm doing a paternity photo shoot today
Kim ours ever hears your voice come
close he's like Papa you won't get a
photo shoot you're going to photo shoot
with me you'll go to photo chew with me
I told Nia for all her hard work I would
take her to wherever she wanted for
dessert when we're done cuz she helps me
out so much and worked so hard
we got cheers yesterday by the way we
got into something I like chiggers all
over my forearm I'm on my back
I've even got some inside my armpit here
we are at the photo shoot hey Bank EMU
so so far our ideas that we like our
Indian style and we want to do dipping
feet in the water and we want to do a
shot with the parent shoes and the baby
shoes
dancing shot dancing shot dancing shot
that's what we're doing Sam's doing a
great job
I'm only been out here for like 20
minutes so far alright so everyone's
gonna go Walmart all by himself
woo yeah guess what guys you guessed it
our shoot is over God let me go shopping
together we always shop like this you
kind of hold her from behind
whoa boys love it so we can't whoa okay
Dan so we just hold each other like this
rise so we got a couple things we want
to get here today at the wally world
I'll discuss that with you and get
inside it's getting kind of dark out
here I know where you going a pineapple
we have two pineapple
we are pineapple Terrell thank you
because I have a really cute foot hole I
thought this would be so cute pop
another hole
that word didn't bear we got
I coach Butte all over here on walking
way you can't wait huh you can't wait to
get your coat you know what a vlog is a
vlog know we've long yeah we do daily
vlogs alright I won't vote you we got
two waters
we're home y'all ever just got a bath
and he didn't like it there with much
did hmm oh no it's Molly
hey buddy okay he's okay you okay buddy
all right well what we're gonna do now
if you guys must know we are going to
cut into our Reese's peanut butter cups
ice cream cake will you're the sucker
yummy looks delish so that's what nee
decided to get instead of going out for
dessert Moby Dick tonight you guys
thanks for joining us on our photo shoot
our second one this weekend hey Baldy
good night oh there's alright guys don't
forget we love you okay
don't forget seriously we do love you
you guys needs to pray for you for
anything let us know we've been making a
prayer list for you guys because it's
hard to keep track of all the prayer
requests we're getting we really
appreciate you guys prank for us so
we're going to be praying for you too so
give us your prayer requests and
remember guys to love each other okay
all we have is each other here anyway
we'll see you guys tomorrow
mom I got it
daddy you flopped over and always swing
over again
