so it's a beautiful day today guys a
beautiful day to remove an ingrown
toenail so that's what I'm gonna be
doing today I'm gonna be removing an
ingrown toenail I'm gonna kind of step
you guys through the process an ingrown
toenail is medically known as Oneko
crypto psious basically that translates
into hidden toenail because what a
ingrown toenail is is an incubation of
the lateral border of the toenail and it
basically sinks digs itself into the
perineum which is a toenail bed and it
breaks that skin and what causes the
pain is that continuous penetration of
that spicule which is the s the end of
that toenail that causes the punctures
it's like a spike basically and it keeps
and as it grows it digs deeper and
deeper and every time to put pressure on
it it causes that sharp shooting pain so
you got to remove those soon the sooner
the better
I've waited too long as you're going to
see here in a minute Maya is infected so
here we go there are a couple required
tools and a couple optional tools an
optional tool is a sharpie I like to use
a sharpie to demarcate the cut
everyone's quick grip clamp this is also
optional Phillips screwdriver I'll show
you what that's going to be this or a
plumbers wrench better than me that
that's required a hammer I like to say
it's required but it is optional
obviously you may need a pair of
clippers this has several little tools
on it for like cleaning and for filing
but um that's obviously very optional
pair of needlenose pliers
and of course a utility knife to make
the cut now let's get started so the
first click you want to make is right
here on the lateral border than toe now
but you know sometimes I just hate going
to this work so I just go ahead and cut
off the entire toe so first I'll take my
plumbers wrench to keep my toe in place
and I'll take my razor and I'll just
start cutting the toe oh wait that's
cardboard so first I always get my tools
and I sterilize them with flame okay I
always want to sterilize the cut you're
gonna make sometimes I'll do a complete
lateral resection which is like from
here all the way down to here that's
what I do sometimes just to get rid of
it for a long period on here and there's
rip it out but this time I'm just going
to do a partial lateral resection only
that pus out of the way so I'm gonna
start here
I'm gonna come down here that's what's
going to be removed that whole offending
boar start with one nice steep as I can
go clip to get me started and then I'll
start from here let's drop my cut so as
you could see I very carefully have made
my cut I'm on the nail actually I didn't
do it
as careful as I should have cuz I
actually punctured the paronychia
underneath my directly underneath the
cut so it's always best to keep that
hawaii nice and handy so she could get
you some paper towels when this happens
i'm gonna take your needle nose pliers
grab the nail border the front nail
border make sure you got a good grip on
this cuz you only got one chance
sometimes I'll mess up and I'll
accidentally just pull the tip of it off
as opposed to the whole thing and I'll
have to start all over and the deeper
you have to grip the nail and more
painful this next part is
I want
okay
good grip guys you gotta commit right
here get a really commit one duel this
right here is called the spicule right
here the end of it the part that digs
into the skin and breaks through the
skin and causes the infection to occur
that's called the spic you'll sew there
it is I got it out next you just need to
drain it now it's time to go soak it in
water and Epsom salt so there you go
guys how to remove an ingrown toenail
it's really not that bad you just got to
really commit to that last part and
gotta make a nice clean cut and you got
to be very careful about that cut and
it's really not painful once it comes
out it's just like it's actually a
breath of fresh air it's like I can live
again I can walk again anywhere I
definitely don't suggest you guys do
this at home you should definitely get a
medical professional to do it I'm a
nurse so I kind of know what I'm going
for the most part but you should still
get a doctor to look at it because
you're if it's reoccurring you're
definitely going to need a matrix ectomy
is what you're going to need which is
where they going to store the actual
matrix of the toenail in that area to
prevent the toenail from growing back so
the last steps for this is to put some
Neosporin on it and it put a band-aid
over it and you're good to go
thanks for watching guys see you next
time for medical time with Sam not
really we have a vlog check our vlog
family vlog salmony thanks for watching
bye today is one of the biggest days for
me as far as shipping risa go I have all
these back here and that monsters wreath
over there has to be shipped out today
too I never know how I'm gonna package
that thing when I do a wreath this is
how I show my customer and they take it
from that door all the way over to this
door
take off my personal read this is my
personal and I hanging on my own
personal door this is a huge it's for a
wedding gift
look at that so now I will I come
outside and I just take pictures of it
on my cell phone
the lighting is usually good about this
time it's 10 a.m. favorite itix yeah
scaper Sam's getting ready to remove his
ingrown toenail what do you guys doing
you have my momma tip down that box oh
my goodness lead all these orders how
many orders you have here 1 2 3 4 5 6 7
8 9 10 11 12 12 order 12 orders that are
being handled you're gonna mill these
off today Bebo woo Symphony's gonna
spend the day here in Krakow Bebo is my
grandma but she raised me so I call her
mom that's another story for another day
hey bro Oh chopping crackers everywhere
so there's that salmon Symphony went
exploring and I must went over to go
love you yeah they did it they went out
here Oh nope we'll see him or not but
they went across the way there is a
young lumberyard yep you can kind of see
something these little pink dress
walking around SPR that's the same as
initials as your daddy Samuel Parr
trader and Symphony Pro Raider we do
that on purpose
one sec I hear somebody
anyway so we're gonna go to a photo
shoot later on - so symphony staying a
moment or two a ver with us he's getting
heavy but I'm gonna carry weren't over
there more than five minutes some
symphonies already ready to go back she
doesn't like to explore nearly as much
as she used to
she's liking this less and less it's
making me kind of sad why don't you like
it anymore there's no bugs over here and
you still don't want to you see any bugs
over here
okay there's no reason to be scared
I think that's a sign that I need to
take her out more what are we gonna get
they're really nice photos inside oh
really
tell me more about them I worked here
back in high school all the pictures you
see in the menu I took them all
I'm mostly proud of a dessert menu hey I
think they turned out really cool
there's the flan I mean fried cheesecake
I think I turn that good so that shows
many oh that's it the pictures of the
dream I did not take the photo take that
one and these ones I took the cover and
they have a whole menu outside that I
took all the photos I'm pretty proud of
that that was one of my proudest
achievements in life so far well that
took forever
I assure you two of them were like right
over the limit of the inches like they
have to be certain Mountain inches and
it'll cause like I'm like like 17 and
under there and two of them are like a
couple inches over and I to pay 30 bucks
each $60 worth of shipping for two boxes
oh one guy we couldn't smash it down
sure we tried she hooked me take it
apart and smash it down and stuff didn't
it didn't affect it at all
I felt sleeping the car sort of you're
worried about yeah woke up was like how
long has it been
where is she did you bring our key what
key this one yes we're checking our p.o
box for the first time guys
CBI sent us anything something's not
here she's at Bevo's house spending time
with her we're 1684 oh there's a lot of
these browsers resolving that kid you
know we found it we found it
oh please tell me you put this in there
I paid for this last week when I was
getting things like mr. Boehner up here
I just don't get the feel box oh cool I
got a letter
yeah two letters cool how exciting the
Johnson family this the mom of this
feeling wrote me and said we wrote you a
little really cool Daisy Duck goofy and
some land listen buster it's awesome you
can't get the key out bracelets for
Symphony reopening we did get a letter
dear Sam and Nia symphony and Abram I
love your blog's I watched them all the
time and try to keep up I live in Bend
Oregon my my family and I are
missionaries my dad is a pastor 20 more
days logging your keister cousin
imprinted Christ
Elizabeth kustra O&M to Elizabeth that's
her last name PPS Mia wish to be a
mother like you someday this way you're
in class that is so cute it's actually
make you want to cry a little bit
thank you
Symphony's gonna be so excited we have
to vote we're gonna let her reopen it
and we'll show you her perfect and her
reaction to it so I have a bridal shoot
today at Cedar Park which is about 45
minutes from here and I'm trying to make
something where I can mount my GoPro on
top of my camera I have an old flash
transmitter that I broke out a wedding
and I kept it for some reason so that's
what I'm gonna use on it
well this screws are falling out of it
so I'm gonna use one of the mounts that
came with the GoPro and put it on top of
this transmitter yeah now another
shooting I'll be able to take you guys
along with me you can see what I'm
shooting from my angle now I strap this
to the camera and then get the GoPro put
the GoPro on top of there no this is
coming apart the screw just fell off a
nod will do there now I have a GoPro
angle of what I'm shooting it's gonna be
kind of fun to look at so that's how you
guys will be seeing my Bridal shoot
today
what about a real strong s-curve just
like really throw your hips out one way
there you go yeah there you go and just
look deep into the camera there you go
you can throw a little bit of light on
her right there chin up a little bit
higher yeah there you go and look past
me guys awesome
all right cool let's move on these are
good so the shoots going really well so
far we're just struggling with the
humidity it's causing a lot of shine on
her face it's not that bright out there
so we're not getting much creative
lighting but um it's also a nice
lighting nice and diffused but I do like
sunlight so hopefully that time Sun Goes
Down we'll get a little bit of we'll get
some sunshine to come up so we're back
home is a long day out there who tell me
how dare you do you think you us he
can't hear us in here anyway
so we're home now and we got a gift
Symphony at the car that you guys sent
her who sent it what was your name coach
Troy is that any saying sorry for
mispronouncing your over gift symphony
the the letter you gave her looks at me
somebody sent me a letter we already
read it but you can tell they sent you a
little gift inside didn't you always
wish you could get mail yeah
Wow you have to be quite name what is it
separate what's it made out of you tell
me what is that I don't know give it
rubber bands little rubber bands this is
a popular bracelet made out of rainbow
loom rainbow loom oh that's pretty
it matches most of your clothes okay
thank you dude I love it laughing are
you gonna wear it tomorrow
yeah cool tomorrow no no okay you're
gonna work to church on Sunday yeah I
shut to ah free oh cool your knee won't
we open this one real quick from the
Johnson family yes for you mom all of it
well um she first said I love how
creative God is and I'm appreciative
that he's giving your family this
platform to share his love and truth Sam
and I both really love that she gave all
this credit to God's creativity and it
really is just so amazing how God is
he's just so cool he's building his
kingdom do vlogs yeah he's building his
kingdom through vlogs and then also her
daughter Emily Johnson wrote us a letter
both of them were just encouraging us
telling us how much they enjoy watching
our vlogs and another thing that Cindy
Johnson said was it's hard to raise a
Christian family in today's world but
you're doing a fabulous job and I
applaud you so thank you Cindy thank you
to the Johnson family this has
definitely been one of the highlights of
our week we really went to our P o box
today expecting nothing to be in there
and when we open it up and had two
letters it was just really awesome thank
you guys so much for all of the
encouragement and the support it means
so much to us thank you for letting us
know that we're making a difference in
your lives and just thank you to God for
this opportunity and couldn't do this
without him obviously and we hope you
guys have an awesome day we're gonna
sign off for the night here so just
thanks again guys we love you we love
you guys and don't forget once again
we love you and remember to love each
other right Symphony you love you love
our viewers - yeah oh you precious oh
wait can we blog this one and really
great what it's not made here for the
enemy Symphony and I had a very awesome
conversation on the way home tonight
Symphony told me what she wants to be
when she grows up and it's amazing yeah
my job I want to be a vet doctor for
animals are you do what made you decide
that - where'd you come up with that
well I just won - I just wanted to know
that it won it - already all right stay
right there okay here we go
you may need a pair of clippers
you may need a pair of clippers
