buddy-boy
it's our land
Oh cope it
don't put you to divorce what a happy
guy
daddy didn't say that daddy when we were
starting to take the back said daddy
why'd I say daddy really
I missed it yeah because we were here
man boo boo right Stephanie right oh
right okay and you know what what okay
it's my first time cooking breakfast
since we've been back from LA and I
don't want to I have been so lazy with
cooking since we came home from vacation
I don't know how to snap out of it
but we're having eggs and sausage and
toast this morning Camas aussicht got my
eggs try some chippy where's my coffee
no this is my I already got my own
coffee nice trying every time good keep
drinking keep drinking just kidding not
really money coming in to change things
have changed we are about to start a
interview with RTL television the
biggest private broadcast in
broadcasting network in all of Europe
I've never heard of it but suppose it's
pretty big deal hi I'm Samuel
okay
ready for betting he's talking German
right now yeah so little pieces of
people creative things like you so we
want you did the first one maybe the
second one part of it and then you do
any misstep you explain why you're doing
it something about you your family and
about your credit perfect all right cool
so you're in Germany right now in New
York okay what's your name
Katya okay cool nice to meet you oh let
me explain well we bought the soundtrack
for our daughter and we realized one day
that we were singing along with it and
so Samuel was like we should make a
lip-sync we pretty much know the work we
posted it
in ten minutes of getting home it was
just like right away we posted as soon
as we got home the first reaction is
what we posted it on our Facebook we
have a lot of friends on Facebook Nia is
really popular in the area
she's just very likable girl everybody
loves her it was shared hundreds of
times it was incredible how many people
shared it on our private Facebook's and
then my brother posted on reddit that
day and it was huge overnight I forgot
how many we got one day maybe post it
40,000 I think yeah we're like texting
all night we couldn't sleep I couldn't
sleep he couldn't sleep it was exciting
don't you say and it was like the first
video like it just keeps going it's
pretty awesome so we started doing
family vlogs family vlogging people
showed interest in our family and we
both love to entertain so we thought why
not go for it and our our kind of plan
right now is to kind of do a lip sync
from Disney about once a month so we're
about to post this month's lip sync
today so yeah yeah it is the only
negative reaction we had I guess would
be like the internet like those are the
only people who had like negative crazy
bad things to say I had to suffer you
know comments eventually wants to sing
yeah like for real sing you know that
the song is lip-sync song alright sure I
guess we could do that
are you ready yeah okay I feel nervous
okay okay can I just say something crazy
I love crazy all my life has been a
series of doors in my face and then
suddenly I bump into you I was thinking
the same thing cause like I've been
searching my whole life to find my own
place and maybe it's the party talking
or the chocolate fondue but with you the
notes get kind of high right there I
can't really do it yeah true
we need a studio okay thank you hi
everybody
are you Danny Boy I won't be a little
hairstyle buddy we didn't hairstyle
mommy
every time every single time there you
go
so what was her name again huh
so Katia she had a one what happened I
had a like technical technical so Katia
had a technical difficulty on her end
and was not recording that interview we
just did so getting some coffee in my
body some caffeine and waking me up a
little bit my eyes are kind of drowsy I
don't know why slept so much
Keltie I hope you get it right this time
just kidding it's not your fault it's
not your fault it's the tech guys fault
come on tech guy it's a lot of work get
the kids ready to do stuff like this
getting them sit down for 15 minutes or
10 minutes yes I see easier said than
done to get me sitting down and focused
on one thing for 10 minutes is hard
imagine trying to get my kids to do it
what's mommy doing right now you and
gorgeous you had to change my outfit
look at this love the dress love the
shirt love the face let the hair love it
all love it
there you go here you go oh oh oh I
thought you wanted me to hand him like
it all at once so one at a time
yes one at a time so you're gonna read
the whole book and I gotta hold all of
these this is a symphony sandwich we're
eating on this table right now symphony
eats in this little chair and we're
about to go antique shopping or thrift
store shopping for a kitchenette set to
go right over there and yes I know I
know I know I have to move all that
stuff but it's okay so we're having PB&J
for lunch today I am so hungry we just
finished the interview with Katya what a
sweetheart hi Katya I feel like we'd be
really good friends in real life she
just has a really nice personality
symphony does not like peanut butter and
jelly sandwiches so I have to make it
fun for her and now she's like mommy
this is so cute but what kind is it
smiley Sam wait
so anyways okay so we'll catch up later
on in our kitchen table find we are
finding a table today it's happening so
it looks really real really nasty so I'm
gonna hide it somewhere I'm gonna put my
GoPro bites we're gonna get in slow
motion I imagine being like this hey
that's what I imagine happening so keep
my GoPro
can you go pick up your room baby just
you have some books on the floor and a
bike off I need you go pick it up please
please on thank you just on the floor in
there oh well what's it been right there
right there
sure come on come look oh look he's nice
hey Leslie bi
good afternoon
you ready to go look for a table oh I
love your face I'm gonna do something
you don't look too happy with me right
now well I just won't pop daddy
well I mean so we're looking at these
two tables we have this or any it thinks
is very modern I think it could be
modern I didn't say it is at the moment
look at the backs of this chair
seriously we're putting this in the blog
bloggers tell me don't you think this
would be modern if we fixed it up that
shape there's something so comforting
about relaxing at a at a thrift store
watching old fashion movies let me go
ahead and shop I'm good I'm real good
there's only a couple tables here your
honor relax with me Tiffany just a
little while watch this old-fashioned
movie so we found us a table we're gonna
get that table we found out the thrift
store I think
I need bolts this picking this but I
need extra long runs so I can make the
table hired that's too low to the ground
so I'm gonna buy some wood here at
Lowe's and buy some bolts to extend the
table make a little taller just googled
how to write the furniture and asset
purchase furniture risers at your local
hardware store and the most typical
thing happened he turned round I said I
don't know Bertrand I won't hold on one
sec hey Bob Bob you know where the
furniture Rogers right that's what
happened is hilarious
life is full of disappointments guys
here's our table silly I was going to
try to make it taller but don't really
worked out abram likes it yeah pretty
cute it's a cool color matches at the
kitchen very well that's like a tint of
green in it and they have the same kind
of with the cream color so it looks
pretty good but not what we were wanting
we wanted something about this about a
high okay so this morning I was telling
everyone how I was really tired of
cooking and Here I am cooking dinner
again and here's our table I actually do
kind of like it I've added my own touch
with these flowers and this little thing
I got a hot
this I'm going to make a little bunchy
arrangement around it it's kind of like
you make a wreath and then you just lay
it flat
kitchens clean Abram sleeping needs
working on breathes and I have to work
on photos so let me just tell you guys
gonna rot in there good night y'all
don't forget that's two ladies I can do
it like that anyway guys don't forget we
love you into room hmm
guys don't forget I love you and
remember to love each other good night
