hey guys welcome back to Wednesday's
with Nia how you guys doing today today
I'm gonna be talking about traveling
with kids fun stuff
when we were first told that we were
gonna be flying to LA kind of last
minute I was a little bit nervous I've
never flown with either of the kids and
we've only stayed in a hotel once with
symphony when she was really really
little so I was pretty nervous it turned
out to be a really great experience
though overall and I've made a few notes
to talk with you guys about so first I'm
going to talk about a road trip because
I have taken a road trip with both
children we drove from Texas to
California it's a 22-hour trip I believe
okay so first thing I obviously I have a
three-year-old and six month old was
when we were on our road trip and so one
thing I suggest for the older child is
to have a grab a bag of toys crafts like
stuffed animals little things all I did
was just go to the Dollar Tree I spent
about 10 to 15 dollars and I had just
random stuff in the bag I also had a few
things for Abram in there in case he was
awake for long periods in the car so a
grab bag got to get one of those if
you're gonna go on a long trip with it
and then also snacks not just for the
kids but also for the adults too because
especially when you're gonna be in the
car for a long time you don't want to
make too many trips if you do have to
stop and go into a gas station you don't
want to have to take the kids in with
you if you're all hungry and snacky so
snacks and water bottles is a good idea
also kind of a given sure you're all or
like those
make the most of every stop if you're
driving in a car especially for long
periods of time especially with a little
baby you just have to make the most of
every stop if you stopped to get gas in
the babies a week and I suggest you get
baby out and feed the baby whether it be
a bottle baby food or breastfeeding and
so just make the most of that make sure
everyone goes potty make sure everyone
gets readjusted let the older child you
know and stretch for a minute while you
pump your gas and then also if you're
going to be driving for long hours at a
time and you're getting tired get out
run around take a jog around the car or
around the parking lot do some jumping
jacks to get yourself open up okay so
moving on to that or an airplane oh my
gosh going to the airport with all of
our junk for two kids and for ourselves
was such a hassle I mean it was the
first time when we got when we went to
the airport to take off which is crazy
the second time coming home wasn't as
bad because we kind of knew what to
expect I guess we had no idea like what
we were getting ourselves into like two
car seats a jogging stroller a pack and
play a huge suitcase full of all of our
clothes every one of us had to carry on
Abram had his blanket and it was just a
lot of stuff and at one point we were
dropping stuff I was carrying Abram and
and like dragging stuff behind me and it
was just a lot one lady had to stop and
help me so must-haves for the airplane
ride obviously snacks I am one of those
it's like the second you take off in the
car or the second you get in the
airplane it's like alright bring out the
snacks time to party like that's just
how I am I don't know about you guys
headphones for movies that might be on
the plane or portable DVD players iPads
that you guys have brought books or an
iPad for the children if you have an
iPad I think that's I mean we live in
the day and age where it's like it's
okay to have an iPad out on the plane
but also you know how
books coloring books another thing you
want to have for an airplane ride
especially with kids it's comfy clothes
kids do better when they're comfortable
they're not as irritable and they're not
as quick to like whine or complain about
something if they're comfortable okay if
you're gonna be staying in a hotel or
even staying with family some must-haves
are a pack and play for the baby to
sleep in for symphony we just took
blankets and stuff that she's familiar
with from home and she had a pallet on
the floor before she slept she actually
slept in the hotel bed one night and she
did really good she liked it a lot so
must-haves for the hotel is definitely a
pack and play and familiar things if you
have a small baby that you that you're
working with him getting them to sleep
through the night like April
I suggest the most familiar thing that
they are used to having when they sleep
so Abram sleeps on this blanket he
doesn't sleep on a sheet and everywhere
we go if we're staying overnight that
blanket goes with us and he continues to
sleep through the night so I'm feel so
blessed in that area that was wonderful
on the trip for us another great thing
to have in the hotel a snacks and toys
from home different than what you had on
the plane so that way when they're
little waiting periods between going
from here to there or a while you're
getting ready unpacking things you can
you can give them something familiar to
play with and they feel more at home
when we were in LA even though it was a
few only a few days you could tell that
when we got back to the hotel Abram and
Symphony felt like a we're back home
especially Abram and so Symphony is
playing in the garden okay and then also
just a few general things that you
should take with you on any trip
anywhere or whatever you're doing lots
and lots and lots of extra clothes and
diapers I mean at one point of the day
that we had to shoot in LA Abram had
four blow outs within like a four hour
period he changed into five outfits the
first part of that day that's crazy it's
just like I couldn't believe I even had
five outfits there I actually took seven
because we were planning on the kids
being on the set and so I wanted to be
prepared if you're a nursing mom you
want to take a pump and bottles that fit
it for the parents you definitely want
to take extra chargers especially when
you're in a new place you don't want to
find yourself frustrated in a rental car
because your phones are dying and you
don't know where you're going that did
happen to us at one point we did luckily
find an extra charger that's why as they
take extra chargers and pack them in
like different bags I think I had one of
my purse I believe we had one so just
the more the merrier when it comes to
that okay also if you've got a small
baby don't take a diaper bag take a
large purse clean it out before you go
and then each day that you go out from
the hotel put new diapers and wipes in
it with maybe some baby food and snacks
extra outfits along with your wallet
your phone sunglasses the stuff that you
need I would say just take one large
purse that way you're not taking a purse
the diaper bag it's just extra baggage
that you have to take along with you
obviously if you're gonna be doing
traveling with small children and you're
gonna be in places that involve walking
you want to pack your stroller we
obviously we took our stroller when we
drove to California we didn't take a
stroller so while we were there we
bought one then we we drove it back home
and it's been wonderful I'm so grateful
that we were able to do that and while
we were in LA there's this place called
City walk and we did a lot of walking
shopping and I was grateful to have a
stroller dependent kids it another great
thing about taking a stroller is that
when you're at the airport you can load
all your stuff up on it and just wheel
your stuff around to like the check-in
places it was awesome I really liked
that about having our stroller those are
my tips I'm not an expert at this and it
was still a lot of work and it was hard
but it was so enjoyable
we love traveling with our children we
were very nervous about it we didn't
know if it was gonna be like a horrible
hassle and stuff but we loved it I want
to go on more trips with both kids like
I loved it so much I love being in such
close quarters in the hotel room like
there was no separation of like symphony
in her room Abram in his room
and I like having the separation at home
but when you're out on vacation it was
just so much fun to all be together
constantly so if you're those parents
who are just scared to go on travel
because you're worried about the hassle
and all the just junk that comes with
traveling with kids I would say the way
to overcome that fear is just to do it
you just have to do it once and see that
it's not so bad and then you'll be able
to do it again and again and again
that's how I feel I felt like oh I'm
never gonna travel with kids there's so
much stuff you have to take but now that
I've done it it's like I could do it
again and again I feel like if someone
called and was like we need you over
here tomorrow like I'd be like okay
let's go pack and go I'm so I would be
so excited you know I did make sure to
take my paddle with me disciplinary
disciplinary actions that I take it home
stay with us when we travel and I would
say you know that's very important as
well okay guys thank you so much for
hearing me talk about traveling with
your kids I think I stepped up
everyone's questions in these last few
minutes and I hope you all learned
something and feel encouraged about
traveling with your kids definitely pray
over your family every time you travel
even if it's just down the road it's
best to pray over your car your family
the airplane whatever and I will see you
guys next Wednesday let me know what you
want to talk about in the comment
section below
and they Turner asked you brother
perfect lips ears but what are your real
singing noises I like a challenge
okay connected space
