Q&A Tuesday hi guys hi welcome to our
fourth Tuesday's cute 8 QA so question
number one
why comes from Tara Ramsay Tara Ramsay
asked what part of your trip made it
totally worth it despite all the hassle
that comes with an impromptu vacation so
I think me and I both agree that the
best part of this trip that made totally
worth it for us was seeing family I've
never seen my twin brother and every
time I see much fun brother it just kind
of completes me and I'm able to just
have such a great time it never fails to
be like the best time when I'm with my
twin brother so that was awesome
thanks Mike is good seeing your boat and
we also got to see Sam's and who has
totally just become like my aunt I feel
like she's my aunt and not say I'm dance
sometimes and then also one of my best
friends from high school
um lives in LA and I got to meet up with
her she hey she's a really good friend
I'm also saying you've met her and so
just kind of just kind of I also felt
complete it was really cool seeing
Jessica to our cousin I felt like we've
got a little bit closer so that was fun
so sing family was definitely made the
house well worth it and thanks for for
recognizing that there was household
that much have somebody overall we had
an amazing time mm-hmm we did question
number good job haha comes from Jenna
rebel yes I was working with the
wrenches on the set how do they work
with you and a kids mom as you can see
the director that we worked with was
very young he was only 24 years old and
he was just extremely nice just the way
he directed he took I just noticed the
way he took advice from everybody he
never didn't like pushing buddy's ideas
away even us I mean it was he was an
awesome guy as far as the you know being
a director goes and the assistant
director he was like the stereotypical
director the way he looked I was just
like wow that guy's a director when you
see him the way he looked what was
really cool was when I dressed up as a
geography teacher I ended up looking
just like him I thought and we took a
picture together show
I'll show it right here check this out
look at this something about so much
alike that was so cool the glass is the
hair even the smile and goofy kind of
personality in the mesh alright yeah
if you'll answer the second part
question how do they work with you and
the kids they were wonderful with the
kids I was really shocked because I had
asked the lady who did her hair and
makeup if they were used to having kids
or babies on the set with different fish
once she said no that usually they have
some watch the babies or the kids cuz
she wasn't used to it and not even
shocked me even more because they were
all like holding a broom and just
talking so sweetly to our kids like how
old are you and it was it was wonderful
I felt very comfortable here with our
children I didn't feel any news they
made it week and you're gonna see a
little bit of the personalities in
previous vlog you can tell they're just
extremely nice people
everybody was awesome okay thanks for
the question Jenna question number three
me comes from Barney Richardson
he says ooh um what is your favourite
Disney film and what are your favourite
Disney songs by the way you people are
awesome keep up the good vlogs Symphony
is extra awesome did you hear that
he thinks you're extra awesome you are
extra awesome oh that means like super
awesome that means like more awesome we
or she's too awesome to even care my
favorite Disney film is Little Mermaid
and my favorite Disney song is the bare
necessities from The Jungle Book I think
that was the first Disney song I learned
the words all the way through to i
producing that some several times you
have i have you're like man
alright not doing it oh my favorite
Disney film I think is Aladdin
I think it's Aladdin I also love Lion
King um I don't like ya I cry and I get
chills all throughout that movie but
anyway I think a lot is my favorite so
my favorite Disney song I have several
of them uh I like The Lion King song on
the opening of lankey oh yeah I get
chills like crazy every time every time
I see that scene I get chills simply
what is your favorite Disney movie KY
cars oh okay what's your trip Disney
song hmm
what part of that I'm beginning when the
snow starts oh hey yeah when I build it
when they actually build a snowman yeah
oh that's all yeah okay cool I'm in
question number four comes from Emmett
Lawford no she wants to know did you
feel out of place it must have been
strange being thrown into it so suddenly
I'm sure it's going to look amazing god
bless from England thank you thanks for
mingled I'm from England I actually did
not feel that out of place just because
like I said earlier they were all so
friendly to our children and hey they
were so um they were pretty organized
and I just um um when we got there a
couple people recognized us right away
from our frozen video and I guess I just
felt like I fit in kind of thing I don't
know if that sounds kind of silly but I
did
like I fit in there so I definitely felt
strange just being thrown into so
suddenly and then I was extremely
nervous I don't do that great friend of
people and I knew I was wasn't going to
that great I guess that's what I was
being so nervous about that's why I like
this whole YouTube thing I can like
entertain you guys gonna comfort of my
own home I don't have to be you know in
front of a production team so yeah I was
extremely nervous so it was strange
being thrown into there yeah definitely
guess you say strange I feel out of
place once I got there people made us so
comfortable so I didn't feel out of
place at all now question number five
comes from Janelle Marsh d-10 she says
if you're near were to choose any Disney
character that's most like you who would
be now what about something in Abram the
good one
go ahead who do you identify more Swift
um I know a lot of people think a lot
like Anna from frozen I hear that a lot
um who do you think and like they just
say like my hair color I guess the Frick
I really think it's the freckles that
people think I look like her oh oh
yeah she has freckles I think that's why
and she's kind of like that so what do
you feel though hmm
I do kind of feel like I can identify
with her after hearing that all up until
this movie like my whole life I wanted
to be like Ariel and so so this is I
guess like a new princess that I get if
I with but she's kind of like like goofy
or loopy like I don't know what word to
say but like she's not dizzy because
she's really smart like I feel like I'm
smart and dizzy at the same time I kind
of feel like I am one side and I have
like I have like long brown hair and
freckles and I wear braids to the side a
lot yeah I would say I guess yes it's
kind of accurate what do you think hey
Tiffany who do you feel like you're just
like as far as the Disney character Jose
Disney Princesses who are you
Elsa Elsa no no that means you mean yes
okay cool so I feel like identify with
Aladdin and Prince Eric Aladdin because
they so rebellious
it's not that I wore anything but the
way he was he's goofy
just like fellas go ahead keep pressure
on her and just chased her and dress her
and I'll do the same with Nia so yeah
and Prince heir to the way he was just
like he wasn't worldly even though he
had everything he knew that wasn't gonna
bring him happiness um he was focused on
trying to find that right learner and
that's that was my focus and tell him it
Nia mutt was finding the right woman
lucky number six was from good Louis Fae
reading what were your expectations for
the trip and did they match reality or
exceed I'll go first okay I feel like
they didn't really match my expectations
I was expecting to show up out of Disney
studio and be like or Disneyland or
something and it was nothing like that
we should have better heist boys you
guys saw on a previous video and I'm
sure you guys were expecting the same
thing so I just mean I was pretty far
from everywhere so we ever did have time
but I think it was different from what I
expected for sure what about you well it
kind of exceeded my expectations because
I didn't expect everyone to be so
friendly like they just kind of like
took us in like they knew us and just
treated us so well on the set and I also
didn't know that was gonna be so
official like you got makeup in five
minutes then we're gonna scoot you over
to hair and then we're gonna go over
here from walk like I didn't know it was
gonna be like so legit like we were like
really on a set for a music video like I
just didn't expect that yeah they
actually led us to believe it was
something like spontaneous that's like
Kelly yes how we you know that's what we
understood yeah that's what that's how
they presented to it so like we're
thrones here we're not sure what you
guys are gonna be playing now but
want you to be a part of it and then we
get this email and says extensive call
sheet it's just like very well you know
written and they had that script for it
I took a script home not sure if I was
supposed to but we did but anyway it was
very very planned out and um the whole
team was there there's so much equipment
it is obviously very professionally done
and also we were told that we were gonna
do a very smaller not yet and also we
were told that we were going to be doing
a very small cameo role which we did but
we did more than one I think we both I
did two cameo roles and so did Samuel
you know and so that was cool we also
spoke like a couple of worried and I
thought we were just gonna stand there I
got to know we were gonna be saying
anything but that was pretty cool so
number seven comes from Emily Turner
Emily Turner ass you both are perfect
lip singers but what are your real
singing voices sound like is it a
challenge or much okay can I just say
something crazy I love crazy oh my life
has been a series of doors in my face
and then suddenly I bump into you I
wasn't the same thing cuz like I've been
searching my whole life to find my own
place and maybe it's the party talking
or the chocolate fondue but with you I'm
sorry anyway that's our real singing
voice for you I think I messed up a
little bit question and our final
Washington for today's Q&A goes to
Stephanie Ferrari cool when will your
video air question of the day
we don't know we don't know they said
mid-june and then he was like but the
way these things go we really don't know
so we don't have an answer hey guys so
the point of the video is to get people
excited about the song in summer from
the Tri reignite your frozen game for
the summertime I think there so it'll
probably start before summer right at
summer maybe I'm gay or something who
knows I will definitely let you know as
soon as we know all right guys well that
sums up our Q&A for this Tuesday thank
you so much for tuning in again we read
all your comments guys we're sorry we
don't reply to all of them there's no
way we can trying to keep up with
everything we do it but keep commenting
guys if you liked our video give us a
thumbs up if you don't give us a thumbs
down and let us know why we really
appreciate your input all right guys
we'll see you later don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other come
on but I think it's getting too heavy
fun looking wet you don't help it
