well guys we were gonna bring you along
on our spring cleaning weekend but we
are going to LA and you guys are coming
with us we're going to Disneyland I
shadow is Disneyland called us and asked
us to come participate in a video
they're making related to frozen but
we're super excited I'm booking the
flights right now if the pay for all
expenses we're getting a little check
out of it but that's not the fun part
the fun part is going to be going to LA
with the whole family all for staying at
a Hilton that's like my dream hotel I
don't know if you know this about me but
I'm a huge fan of hotels so fill this
out yesterday I'm telling you now
because it wasn't confirmed till just
now just now I'm pretty excited about it
but I'm also pretty anxious about it
just because it's gonna be a whole lot
of work getting everybody together on
the to the airport tomorrow have you
ever had car seats of the air we've
never done that before car seats I don't
know if we should bring the stroller oh
yeah then we got to get a car rental and
gosh it just sounds like also cell
listing it saturday is going to be the
day that we're filming with them it's
going to be several people that may
frozen videos on YouTube and we're one
of the couples to one of families chosen
so we're dipping me some cool families
there we're going to put them on a blog
and you guys are coming with us
you guys are coming with us to LA I'm so
excited I've been packing and like
really trying to get stuff going she
said they're too loud what's going on
enough to be loud what's going on we're
gonna go back the fight I'm gonna go
back two flights you wanna help me pack
what should I pack
I heard it's hot in LA right now so I'm
working on booking the flights right now
we're leaving tomorrow around five
o'clock
arriving in LA at around what was it
seven o'clock
around 7:00 p.m. and super excited we're
going to be staying there for three days
they let us stay an extra day because
the kids and we didn't want to do all
the hustle
Symphony what do you know what we're
doing tomorrow what we're going on an
airplane to LA in California still help
from a song from frozen oh you're gonna
be a part of a frozen movie Arjun sided
you happy you're gonna get to go to
airplane today tomorrow after you go to
sleep when you wake up we're gonna get
all ready and then we're all going to
get on an airplane and fly all the way
across the country together what I can't
bloody get favor trending bigger on
airplane they have caramel real anyway
oh really
yeah we're going on a real airplane
tomorrow
don't tell Andrew how many get
sakes whatever Andrew need to tell you
something like in the morning we're
going on it airplane California tomorrow
you're going on your first airplane ride
ever
are you excited okay so far we have the
flights booked finally I got the car
rentals reserved we're going to be
driving a standard SUV in LA not sure
what kind but I'll be a little surprise
for us
um maybe it'll be a convertible SUV
maybe it'll be like a Hummer dude man
this has been so incredibly stressful
trying to get all this done at the last
minute first of all the flight said
there's no seats available next to each
other for the family so one of us in the
middle with symphony and one of us in
the very front with Abram so the hotel
that wants to stay at is completely full
there's no more rooms available so now
we're trying to figure that out together
I mean this guy from Disney now they
just sent me the contract to sign
basically I'm signing off saying it's
okay for our children to appear in this
video that they're making there are
eight attachments they want me to open
all eight attachments okay so my stress
level was here and I saw this email and
now it's like right here hopefully we'll
get to see my twin brother he lives in
San Diego
I gotta call him see if he can meet us
there and Nia has a best friend who
lives in LA and if any of you guys are
in LA any of our fans if you're big
enough to come say hi to us that would
be awesome we would love to put you on
the vlog and say hi to you so um let us
know Nia just got home she did a little
bit of pre travel shopping let's see
what she bought I'm on the phone
we unabomb with family tell her goodbye
the series conversation she said hi okay
is this headphones the airline's told us
to make sure we have headphones because
they have a little entertainment center
for the kids so she got her some ladybug
headphones cute yes I got a battery pack
for my GoPro because I anticipate losing
battery power pretty quick out there
okay Kelly
okay oh I already ate out of that that's
so good ah cause for the trip yeah she
got PJs for the trip Keith Erin she
found the reason to shove her clothes
this shirt is a dollar I did find the
reason I just thought fail a dollar how
cute is that ss4 super just like Daddy
oh I felt Teddy he's been in our car for
like a month
nobody knows this yet on the long but
Teddy isn't in his best a little friend
oh my gosh I started crying no no give
to her kind of
symphony
all we found
what p√©tain job did you see Oh what are
you drawing I can't put new denim vest
you're wearing this this is a Watson
button-up shirt looks like dinner yes
sorry
well knee is in your packing why do you
need your denim vest show you because I
breastfeed a broom and I can't wear like
strapless bras right now but I want to
wear this dress in LA here is that your
la dress no here's our bed covered in
clothes these are the ones I've waited
out over there my hair is so insanely
crazy I'm planning on getting a cool la
haircut while I'm there I mean I'm not
gonna cut it off but I'm gonna get some
kind of style to it cuz there's probably
all kinds of style that's out there in
LA so I've been looking for someone to
teach me how to style this hair haven't
been really looking actually but I bet
Li is the answer here's a kid outfit
worn shorts with the plaid shirt I
brought my frozen video shirt
oh cool did you read my blue one no cuz
I didn't think you'd want to wear it
it's not like super well yeah when you
bring just in case okay we gotta bring
the legendary outfit from the legendary
movie that's whai'm again at the table
so yeah we're going to LA tomorrow Wow
the excitement and stress of a surprise
vacation I'm trying to see how far our
county from LA because does a guy in
Orange County who's interested in me
shooting his wedding but he hasn't
decided if you're gonna use me yet and I
thought it'd be kind of cool if we just
met up with him Nicole from your tie you
said you told oh it's a 1:00 a.m. we're
so tired um so anyway if you don't mind
your friend yes oh man what a jerk I'm
sorry anyway so I'm sure you guys are
kind of wondering what we're thinking
right now what are you thinking about I
mean what are you thinking about all
this I'm thinking I'm really excited
faster you get little looks like I'm so
tired that I just start to get in this
like mood yeah okay so how am I feeling
right now I'm actually really nervous
you are I guess it hasn't really sunk in
oh yeah I'm about to perform for the
first time on a music video produced by
Disney all the kids are in bed I think
one of the most exciting parts for me is
taking you guys along with us and just
it's going to be fun vlogs and I'm
taking the kids taking sippy on the
airplane is gonna be so much fun I can't
my gosh I can't wait it's like all I can
think about not sure she's gonna be
scared actually I don't think she will
what makes you will be it's gonna be so
cute I know so Virgin Airlines that was
able to hook us up and sit us all
together um I had a call in and that
guessing move some people around but I
was trying to get her first class but
Disney wouldn't pay for that I can't
wait to go swimming in the hotel right
yeah me too actually I'm really bored
going swimming to the hotel why that
means I get to get creative with my
GoPro did you bring a bikini no Nia
doesn't wear a bikini
I don't know why not because she doesn't
look absolutely amazing one it's because
she does look absolutely amazing
on youth and she doesn't like the shot
the body the other men he's very good
about being modest and and avoiding
causing men to send bikinis are horrible
they really are it's just wearing
underwear out in public and our culture
has accepted it for what it is just
because everybody does it and we don't
think much of it but we should think
much of it we should right yeah and I
don't want my daughter thinking she can
wear a bikini exactly she's trying to be
a good example for a symphony yes if nee
will never wear a bikini
anyway one-piece bathing suits are cute
I'm learning you undies it's pretty cute
I haven't got a chance to wear it yet so
I'm excited about that I hope it fits me
good dude where's the screen there must
be dough yeah you're affected did you
really
oh wait no can you take it no absolutely
not
no I'm gonna pack my speedo who doesn't
even know where it's at I'm gonna blog
with you I love the play with you you
see that I wrote Alice I was totally my
head's in a bomb with me have you guys
seen um saving Silverman that's one of
our favorite movies that's kind of been
our thing for a long time so we always
say that to each other just about
anything anything just like just now I
want to vlog with you
that should be our like thing at the
beginning you know the Shaytards the
opening and I do I'm vlogging here oh
you should do along with you oh yeah
that's what it's gonna be
I like it oh yeah that is another anyway
why are we talking about our favorite
movies we're going to LA
come here come here
come on yeah story there's one other
thing we want to talk about with you
guys we want to come up with the term to
describe you guys as our viewers and our
as our audience but I think viewers of
course is too it's too impersonal i mu
feel like we're like this family with
you guys and so I think we should have a
term to describe you and of course you
guys know more about this than we do so
can you guys give us some ideas one
thing that we came up with was our fan
basic it's kind of weird but basic is an
acronym that we made up that stands for
brothers and sisters in Christ I love it
you know I love the way it sounds fan
basic our fan basic like me and bass but
fan basic yeah I thought it'd be pretty
cool
okay also I think we might be picking
out some of our q and A's on these
airplane trips for next week so if you
guys want to leave us some questions on
our Facebook page anyway guys we're
going to go to bed now thanks for tuning
in to sam Minea today we're really
excited about this taking you guys along
with us that's that's what I'm mostly
excited about taking everybody along
with us Sonjia suggested this yeah don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other I got the perfect job thank
you for your suggestion I don't remember
your name hey fam my denim vest
