so welcome back to Wednesday's with Nia
we announce that in our Q&A yesterday so
we are going to officially be doing
Wednesday's with Nia
each Wednesday and that'll be posted the
same time as our daily vlogs I'm going
to be speaking over breastfeeding today
I'm just going to talk about a few issue
that are close to my heart but first I
want to share a little bit with you
about my personal
story with respect Symphony was born
about three weeks early and she was
taken to the nursery immediately after
being born and they gave her a bottle I
think that the combination of those two
things caused us to have a rocky
breastfeeding relationship after about
two months of trying my hardest I
decided to stop and we went to formula
when Abram came along I had such a bad
experience with symphony at first I was
like I'm not even going to try it I
don't even want to give it a go but then
I became further and further along and I
decided okay I'm good at least try it
when it was time for Abram reborn I was
laying on the operating table and they
were getting ready to cut me open and I
was like wait actually before we get
this started I want to speak to the
nurse who is going to be taken care of
Abram when he's born and luckily she was
just standing right over there against
the wall this quiet waiting for him to
be born and she's like that's me I was
like can you come here for a second
and I told her my story with Symphony
very briefly I mean like literally they
were about to cut me open and I was like
wait a second
and so she came over and I was like I
really really if everything is perfect
with the baby I want him with me to
nurse before any of the tests are done
his measurement everything I want him
and I want a nurse
so they did that for me she had him all
wrapped up took
she got to meet daddy they took him out
of his little carrier and they gave him
to meet he nursed like a pro I'm telling
you like he just latched on and went for
it I was like yay I was so happy and
just overjoyed that he did so well what
I saw how easily he latched on I thought
breastfeeding was going to be a breeze
a walk in the park I was like this is
easy I can do this this is great boy was
wrong because we got home and he started
hitting girls birds and he saw he
stopped sleeping so long and it got
harder and harder and it was just
difficult
the first topic that I want to touch on
for breastfeeding is the way society so
when I first started realizing that I've
had some issues with nursing you know I
didn't I didn't know that it was normal
for him to eat
you know I didn't know anything I was a
new nursing mom
reached out to the support groups that
they owe on Facebook do you guys have
those in your area what we do we have
several that I'm a part of I think three
different breastfeeding groups that I'm
a part
so I reached out and I asked my
questions I gave my concern
and unfortunately I didn't get a lot of
love back you know I felt very stupid
for most of the questions that I asked
kind of like what I touched on last week
in my blog about the cell phone thing
you know we should just be supportive of
one another we should not undermine one
another and leave other moms feeling
dumb Society tells you that you should
be like just this perfect recipe and I
learned of a term while on these group
sites called EDF okay so you don't know
BBF means exclusively breastfed and that
means that they only have breast milk
nothing else
baby food water juice nothing snacks
nope
only dress code and according to a lot
of people out there a lot like 95
percent of what I saw on the Internet
you should be ba and let me just tell
you that you don't have to it's okay if
you don't if you feel like your baby
needs a supplement then you step on it
and don't worry what everyone else is
thinking or saying to you if you think
that you should stop breastfeeding and
give formula and that's probably what
you should do
our mother's intuition tells us what's
best for ourselves our baby okay so the
second thing that I want to touch base
on as far as breastfeeding goes is
obviously breastfeeding in public first
I want to say that as a nursing mom at
first I was just appalled that it was so
difficult to breastfeed in public it was
so embarrassing for me even though I had
cover-ups and stuff it was just horribly
embarrassing I do want to talk about
those discreetly nursing in public
the first time I did it Abram was about
two and a half months old I was at
chick-fil-a with my best friend sandy
and I had just finished nursing him in a
bathroom stall
I always nursed in bathroom stalls or in
my car for the first like too much of a
room a lot
I come out from the bathroom stall
to finish my meal and I look over and
there's this lady nursing her twin with
no cover in public I just was in awe at
this lady and I thought it was amazing
that she could do that she looked so
confident like it didn't even faze her
she would eat meals she's talking to
fridge just she had it going on and I
was like I've got to talk to this lady
her name is Heather hey Heather
you know she just gave me some
encouragement on being a
often a breast feeder in public so that
day I particularly we had to run to
target for some stuff and I knew that
Abram who's going to need to nurse you
know he was
two and a half months old and a new
who's gonna need a nurse frequently
and so he got upset and I took him to
and I turned around and went back to
Sandy and I'm like no I am NOT going to
feed him in about there anymore do you
care doesn't embarrass you if I nurse
him in public and she's like no girl go
ahead so I had a blanket on me I just
hooked him on and covered up and I
walked around Target for like half an
hour nursing a broom and it was amazing
it felt so liberating and from that
point on breastfeeding caught a thousand
times easier for me for those of you who
are worried about discretely Nursing in
public
just feel like it's embarrassing it's
too much you don't want to get tough
talk down to or kicked out of somewhere
don't worry about it pray about it ask
someone
close to you just to be supportive of
you and just go out there and do it
you're going to feel so good about
yourself when you do the last topic that
I want to touch on about breastfeeding
is the support system you have
to me it's so vitally important to have
a good support system I can tell you
that I would not have been able to do
this without
and there were nights that you know when
Abram wasn't sleeping
cry I did cry you know I was frustrated
I was upset and you know he just
listened to me
and I'm sure you meant understand it's
hard to listen to a woman just cry about
the same thing often or whine or
complain the next day about being tired
from it my husband showed me a new side
of himself when I had Abram and I was
breastfeeding he would tell me what a
good job I was doing even though the
baby it should be thinner screaming and
I just got through feeding him he was
just so so supportive I also you know I
spend a lot of time with my best friend
sandy and her support knit more to me
than she'll ever know you know she
really like was my cheerleader to get
out there and just discreetly nurse in
public and
that I don't know that I would have been
able to
support system that you can
or that you can be
is the parent
I I remember just wanting my mom to be
so proud of my every move as a mother
and my mother-in-law I wanted them to
just see me succeed and be confident in
every area of mothering so if your
little girl is about to have a baby or
or perhaps she already had just realized
that your little role is doing
everything to make me proud and
if your support is not there her
confidence level is going to be way down
there I remember telling my mom when she
was over one day out
and just want you to hold me in your
 chair I'm going to cry talking
about it I'm like I just want you to
rock me in your chair until I fall
asleep and
it just means so much to us as mothers
to see our mothers be proud of us
anyways thanks for listening to talk
about proceeding I'm going to be done
for the day like I said earlier if you
have any questions or issues that you
would like me to touch on just leave
them in the comment section below y'all
are awesome y'all become kind of like a
second family for us and I want to take
your suggestions before we go to Twitter
or Facebook I'll see you again next
Wednesday
guess I'll actually see you tomorrow on
on the blog for Thursday but anyways you
guys have a great Wednesday it does mean
I was at in watering can yeah
