the QA
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear Ashley
yeah
Ashley remember you're only 16 once
enjoy every second of this year you're
no longer just the teen anymore you're
almost an adult so act like an adult
time to drive
maybe yeah you safe on the road you may
hear people say you're legal now
don't let that come to you guard your
heart guard your heart excellent advice
question number one comes from Katy
Turner huh Katy turn is a friend of ours
bestie she asked
tell us about prom and what you wore and
shows pics got those back here Oh Sam
and I went to three proms together
this is our first prom I went I went in
like as I like it little Tinkerbell
then our second prom together was
awesome the theme was called red carpet
so we dressed up like Danny and Sandy
from grease can you guys see that I wore
a blonde wig Sam everyone likes it I
know he does like it Sam um Little John
Travolta curl and everything like they
played a song for us very hot that day I
mean we're pretty popular is what I mean
yeah we actually played a song for us
and everybody kind of gathered around us
the whole class and we danced to like a
coma compilation of songs from the movie
Grease so that's pretty fun and then our
last promise was my senior prom I wore a
silver suit I would take the Tin Man
he looked adorable I loved it I don't
know about it I could well for 20 bucks
yeah I was really cheap but it wasn't my
dress that my dress was real sorry in
the timer stuff right so when the theme
here was called our time to shine well
so it's hard to get your shiny thing
right hello anyways there's that
Stephanie the next questions for you are
you ready yeah look at the camera
camera ok it says oh you do oh yeah we
all know that can't you sing the
veggietones song to everybody who is
your favorite veggie I'm Betty tell
Canada Bob the Tomato yeah yeah I like
Larry the Cucumber I can relate to that
guy question number three comes from
Megan branding go ahead read the
question please
hi I love watching y'all's blog it makes
my day I would like to know how you both
came to have a relationship with Christ
good question a lot of people ask that
well really we were both raised as
Christians I don't remember the specific
point when I gave my life to Jesus but
um I feel like he's lived in my heart
since I can remember and it's just
awesome that I can say that feels so
blessed I can say that and of course
there's been times where I drifted away
from God I came back recently and past
six months that we've like I guess what
really dedicated our lives to God yeah
just totally yeah we've had a new just a
renewed love for God and a new
appreciation for his word I can remember
the day that I asked Jesus into my heart
and I'm pretty young okay I was like
eight or nine years old playing Barbies
at my mom and dad's house and they were
cooking lunch
it was after Sunday after a Sunday he's
about to call our question
it was a Sunday after church and my
parents were
Hey playing Barbies and I just made this
hemisphere to myself and not with anyone
out loud and I told my parents and you
know talked about for a little bit and
that was it it wasn't like a huge deal
but I can remember that day I think I
was a little young for it and I think
I've definitely like rededicated my life
to Christ this am say that cool question
number four comes from Mackenzie
Russell's just a really cool question
what are you wearing and why did
Symphony start calling Abram sheikha
bottom I love it whenever she says that
well Mackenzie so do we we absolutely
love it and we saw the question and Nia
thinks he remembers what she said when
we asked her where she got that from
whatever say wait the first time she
said it she just said oh shake about him
and I was like where did that come from
she's like I just wrote it up he did I
felt like I just wrote it up she
realized that it made me laugh so that's
how it came to be like a thing for our
family because she always is looking for
reasons or ways to make him laugh she
buddy
question number I comes from Gemma Brown
as a couple how do you stay strong when
it comes to going through tough times
that's a hard question but we're gonna
try to answer for you yes we are from
like a wife standpoint
whenever you're upset when I'm upset
with Sam before I go to him and you know
trying to communicate whatever it is I
always pray first I try to always pray
first so that I go to him and love and
respect and also so that I'm not like
just mater yelling in the moment I think
we also avoid the tough times like
finances is one of the biggest arguments
that marriages have and we don't really
fight about finances
trust me with all the finances when she
wants to spend money she comes to me and
she trusts my decisions on what she
should buy a in and very rarely do
we ever fight about finances so we try
to avoid that we also communicate well
with each other we don't go too long
without bringing an issue up to one
another and we never the B word is not
allowed in our home I merely decided
that very early night before we were
ever engaged we decided that so okay
that makes a big difference not
threatening each other because it makes
it easier for both of us that come with
each other about problems we're not
afraid to do it you know we'll tackle
the problem without up there at an
intruder with empty threats like that
Chris hit over sex as from Sally Messer
yeah do either of you have any funny
party tricks what I can do something
really cool my arms every time I do it
people freak out I don't know if it's
concerned or part of tricks but I got
this opportunity to share with you yeah
so a lot of people get stretched like
this but when I do it people like oh my
god but yeah I can do this and I could
kind of flap like a bird I could do one
other cool party trick with my hands I
can clap with one hand party trick
Symphony no do you know we leave the
party choices every question in verse
seven comes from Becca Holcombe Loach
sorry if I mispronounced that I probably
butchered it it says what's under your
couches and none of your cushions right
now go that choke the treasure you find
thankful for your family praying Thank
You Becca know that she was in our
couches first cushion
we got a little glow stick pink borin
highlighter boring a little thing of
paint Symphony I think that belongs to
you it's all yours
what is this what was that bang Gruber's
head
see ya angry bird see what else is in
here just some crumbs there's this
little thing a lid a key this is a
guitar key it's the key to our old door
anything else
trash okay oh wait city was this cool
what does this thing look like stamps
there's stamps - something Oh a little
card yeah the patron verse of Parenthood
we shall not all sleep but we shall all
be changed first corinthians 15:51 new
welcome and the final question goes to
scarlet hurry
mia if you could designer week that best
portrays your family unit how would it
look and what would be on it that's a
good question for me and then a really
girly cute small soft pretty and another
really purely cute sock for symphony and
a tiny itty-bitty
light blue sock for April okay so the
socks probably definitely across
I think maybe a Scrabble better arm
let's call it oh yeah we love Scrabble
board games they're cool but ours are in
less what about like what kind of
material would you use would use burlap
or would you use like what's that stuff
called mish mash or we use like well we
can't even my using old t-shirts we've
not given out anything that I've never
tried every you can be kind of cool
well Sam just has a lot of t-shirts it
Morgan high school that are sentimental
to me for some reason okay and I cannot
part with them I mean I have kept these
shirts with holes in them
okay stains and I just give me like
underwear across we're loving the
questions you guys are giving us it's
it's a cool challenge for us too to get
the best answers bring guys and we've
got almost 90 questions thank you so
much for all the questions on Facebook
you guys are awesome and if we didn't
get your question this time we might eat
you up with it next time so don't feel
left out we definitely read them all
guys we have a couple announcements to
make first is go ahead um while I set up
the P o box last week we got a peel back
and don't think we're asking for stuff
guys we only open this because we have
several people asking for it and we
thought it'd be cool to get like a piece
of your city or your country and we
could present it on our blog so what's
the address
p o-- box 16 anymore Terrell Texas
zero and I'll put it in the description
also note announcement we kind of have a
schedule going I just want to let you
guys know what it is
so Monday's we're off Tuesday's we're
buddies tuesdays q and a's wednesdays is
going to be nice - we'll talk more about
that tomorrow
Thursday's walk Friday's vlog Saturday's
walk Sunday's the vlog and I'm going to
try to post the bars by 5 o'clock every
day or at 5 o'clock it would be 5
o'clock or 6 o'clock oh don't forget we
love you make you will you're here
