Abram comes outside mommy together
morning guys I woke up this morning and
I'm just stumbling around and Juliette
while stumbling waiting for my coffee
Abram comes outside mommy I undo all his
bedding right okay we have little
visitors here but you don't mess yours
yeah fuzzy Pete why are you so proud the
kids being super proud Abram it's not
good to pee the bed do you understand
that so then as I'm filling up this
washer right here baby blankets in here
Symphony comes outside by the way mommy
I threw up last night and I didn't quite
make the trashcan and now that's my
washing machines all poor babies here
and that's the right side so I took the
new refrigerator in guys and it's way
too tall for the spot I thought all
refrigerators were made to say my
exciting above the measuring but now I'm
a good few inches off so we're creating
this out we're gonna trim it up and it's
kind of frustrating because we've got a
lot going on today but we're trying to
get done fast cuz I'm not taking this
back outside and this needs to be done
anyway because we don't want to keep a
tiny fridge
Merry Christmas everybody we're getting
ready for a little Christmas shindig
here at the Raider house I'm gonna add a
special touch to it by adding all the
wubble bubbles we have you guys all the
ones we added in the trailer we have
double the amount of that I'm gonna film
up and then add a little light inside
and hopefully they'll look like bulbs
that you'll see I see what you're doing
yeah listen you want to say no what do
you want to say come on man I'm gonna
lose this up with this Jeep here as you
can see what I've done with the shopvac
that you rest it so this is where it
sucks a and the part of blows out i've
connected
alright guys so suave Oh bubbles you're
not supposed to cut big ol holes in them
so you blow them up faster which is what
I did and so now they're all slowly
deflating and I think by the end of the
night they're going to be gone big shots
at wubble bubble for sending us to me
and letting me try my idea I think it's
still gonna be fun but they set up a
little sweepstakes for you guys I'll
click the link in the description and
enter the sweepstakes for two of each of
the kind of wubble bubble there's like
$200 worth of product there so go check
that out click on the link for the
instructions and you get entered into a
drawing to get all those bubble bubbles
I wanted to light them up in it yeah so
you dip them in the lube should get one
with a lot of Lube too little in there
that drop it in and drop it in but you
got this
the guests have arrived all at once
literally they're drying bunch of
neighbors are here we've got new
neighbors we just met here there's
Lauren hi Lauren
all these people here and I'm eternally
host:it hi thanks for coming guys
honey you got to go like you know get
these people together and cuz I'm too
shy I'm going back inside try and get
the music going out here what's up hey
pop yourself man is clea pizza here I
don't know a lot of these faces
holy mackerel Heydrich get up to go
entertain the people man you too
Courtney get out there do magic tricks
and stuff you know stupid stuff for them
like they're yourself on the ground pour
hot cocoa under sure hey would you mind
doing that for me
come on your treatment well it looks
like the Blues were a big hit here
what's up guys hey Trey what's up buddy
hi babe oh I didn't see you my selfish
people who you're talking to everybody
we give my little Christmas baby
this is Angela we just spend the weekend
together missed you so much
patron hey Jenna like he is me he called
me ratchet
I call this tree this little light of
mine because I strongly believe what we
do Jesus should let it shine for small
people but he's giving us a big role
Wow what did he do when it came on he
goes oh I have been clog ratchet
Princess Leia Minnie Mouse Minnie Mouse
and everything else this is my hair from
their women's retreat she'll did it
yesterday mom and a girl so cute oh no
anybody just making fun of it a ratchet
girl baby look Bebo has yummy easy win
school friends Brooke hey back up dude
do you like the time yeah oh you're so
cute it is bravery is my inner me as a
team I've never told you that where I
think so I think
I wish I had plan to say something
little bit better than when I said but
you know it did the job
BAM basin glad you guys came to us all
our neighbors and our GCS they're so
awesome to have such a huge community of
people no money that can pay for this
kind of community such a blessing thanks
for being a part of our lives guys Merry
Christmas guys stop marveling at my
artwork
this is Colin Colin Colin he lives down
the road looks like that one's the only
one that stayed in for stayed inflated
all the way oh that was pretty good said
hey what are you doing you entertaining
everybody
yeah sure you just blow in that hole it
takes about 20 minutes yeah right there
I used the shop back it's on the side of
the house where's it at this year man
flashback was the only one to find a
strand that was out and I he's got to be
the guy to find the strain of this year
if he can
you know what I hate you right now yeah
you're right half of the lights are dim
yeah some of those damn in the other
pieces out don't fast man
you've been looking thank you let me see
if you guys can pop it without your
fingernails you got to sit on it lay on
it holy pressure come on pop it pop it
come on pop it you guys can tip it pop a
balloon Wow Wow guys three people
my girlfriend came Courtney laurenandy
you guys remember her from this morning
this is what we do to get good photos
what does it remind you of the tree it's
a big big light do we have a light
who's our light Jesus this is my new BFF
you have to tell the story of me in that
faith and what what it came to what it
came from we just met you guys over the
weekend
this is Janine man she has a story it's
not it's really no big deal we first
meet I'm telling some story now
apparently all my life and she's like
what is the guy's name it's Jimmy Fallon
and Martin Miley Cyrus and they're doing
that OMG
NBD skit oh I've never seen this but I
love Jimmy Fallon and she's like you
were just like I'm skin or just watching
me yes but we pull it up at the women to
train every time it was so funny because
every time she would tell me something
and it was kind of like no big deal she
was on and I don't do that and it isn't
big it wasn't like a wallet it was
little
I got a new baby we're gonna do a photo
idea so I'm gonna give this to me I have
something for you but not for reasons
you think although I'm not just on me
and my baby so we want to do its
pictures baby here sure she approved and
you would agree so boys turn to take a
picture with the babies it's over the
babies are down a couple of them lives
we have a little performance going on
here
so this is one of the new neighbors I
met his name is Weldon pretty cool to
meet you man
did you know of a neighbor back here who
asked me to turn out the lights is it
bothering you it didn't bother me
whatsoever I think it's the coolest
thing that I've seen in a while and
Carol as far as Christmas I keep you up
at night because this neighbor he
literally knocked on the door like hey
man I love the trainer of thing but I'm
gonna have to ask you to turn it off by
11 o'clock if that's possible that would
be great
of course I said he asked what I loved
the tree I liked the fact that you could
probably see it from the moon or
something out of space and it's
something for the community to get us
come out to people from the surrounding
even rock wall me horny
right here's thanks for coming dude so
cool yes three kids is so cool how many
neighbors that came out dude I bet you
met somebody that no I've never met some
of these people before oh yeah that
experience appreciate the box thank you
all but I'm just trying to get out of it
ruining it I mean no I was actually just
trying to be nice I've tried me hospital
but don't know about already saying
thanks for coming all right be careful
the world watch over you first four cars
right this cars out there on the road
yeah well I'm careful I'm walking
Marilyn hey guys don't worry and renard
we're going back to Oklahoma on Thursday
and it's gonna be fun
get some more and he ain't gonna break a
single plea that I like are you know
that was such a great party right guys
what's so well what a great turnout you
know I gotta say like I feel like we
went from like never wanting to host
anyone at our house and being just kind
of like to ourselves to like hosting
this this our second year to do it I
mean I just think that's so cool I feel
proud of you and you know I can kind of
adjust to being social even if I'm
feeling nervous badges and the wubble
bubble is a big hit oh gosh I love them
so glad we did that
okay guys comment of the day goes to
Zelda Clark I'm so pumped for Christmas
and the joy and spirit
it creates goes to a lot of people are
asking why are you guys doing this so
early what's what's going on
Thanksgiving hasn't even happened yet I
think it's just that we're just so
pumped we just I love Christmas
obviously so question of the day what is
a special tradition Christmas tradition
you guys celebrate those not very
special just be you know anything
special to you we'll catch you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you you
can remember some love each other water
and I'm having a slight dilemma
hilarious
