we're at the Dallas farmers market today
armours market era here we are here we
are here so it's lunchtime and I have
not had anything to eat today
like no breakfast or nothing and
I'm gonna give me some roaster going
again and this is Paul sweet roasted
corn follows my middle name so I got to
get pulse corn hi Paul are you Paul but
there's so many different restaurants my
middle name yes my middle night oh
really
what's the first name who are you cool
my Samuel I'm yo Paul meet you sir we
meet your brother are you from having
some roasted corn you want it on the
table
powerful automatic sure
only because your name is Paul when
you're finishing Bianco fun is good yeah
what's he making a cheese named pepper
jack she said I've had the kick I'm
going to take this little mold
anybody is a fan of pickles it's near
what is that seriously he gave us some
of all of it
do
I do
picking fruit
I'm so good
I guess I'm the pickle over now what are
you trying fine Apple
we'll get it back I love pineapple you
have a sample
I'm a saver nicely
Richardson Barney birdy
don't try sir it's honey round rock
honey honey from the rock is it really
from the rock brother from the Beehive
well we started in Round Rock Texas so
that's just a slogan there you go honey
one of my favorite sandwiches are honey
and peanut
forgot this favorite sandwich can I try
a sweet orange thanks do you want to try
some
now it's an orange dare trap
found somebody who recognize this as the
frozen couple we got put on my blog oh
cool yeah I'm an ER nurse and mesquite
yeah yeah they want a picture with us
Oh
yeah
yeah
anything out of that sample area like
kind of on a farm
my dad always raised Tomatoes thank you
cool take it
/ awesome let's get a cake pop please I
want something sweet now
look at this adorable kpop Sam I really
want this it's so cute
Texas toffee dot-com
let me taste there's also no
sir what is toffee toffee is butter
sugar and chocolate
and nuts okay in Ohio Mike this is
amazing seven books show a little bag
mango and then the raspberry yes oh
there you go it's getting really hot out
here
the four women throw all the fruit and
vegetable pavilions
there's several pavilions now we're off
to the the flowers we're gonna get
flowers maybe get me a bouquet for
Mother's Day and now sip tea and wants
me to hold her and it's scorching up
here oh don't get blown away we're gonna
go check out some flowers I just got the
best ever brownies I got one called Mary
Jane no it's not what you're thinking
it's blackberries and raspberries with
like an inner brownie texture so good I
love brownies that's my favorite dessert
if it's chocolate it needs to be warm
with vanilla ice cream it's the best I
think I'm gonna take advantage of his
Mother's Day offer and get me a big full
plant like a like a hanging plant for on
our port in new ways here we go Wow get
dizzy with Mia dizzy riffs Anthony
is our huge this is a pretty greenhouse
knee always a looks extra beautiful on
greenhouse you like those corns look
like warm but the not corn let's see
what the call or something about guys
checking out Mir that I like I don't
have any sort of fantasy about this I
don't think that don't reminds one or
too much was just something about
watching guys check out knee I just
really like I know she's extremely
beautiful but just to watch guys be like
wow about it makes me happy
just because I get to take your home and
I get to kiss her Sam with my new plant
didn't even catch the name of that plant
isn't it full and bushy looks like Sam's
got an itch back there nope he was just
getting the keys
looks cool in here he looks exhausted
I don't think he got a lot of sleep last
night
I don't know where he's going for the
big plans and for carrying it alright
guys we just got back from the dulls
dollars we just got back from the Dallas
farmers market and we're pretty excited
about what we got here today
first thing up you guys already saw this
we got a bag of awesome pineapple cific
whoa oh sorry pineapple put in the first
time bag of tomatoes all right this is
what all right one second honey really
excited about these avocados you got you
put them separately for me
she put these in a separate bags are
ready to eat today and tomorrow and
these need to be refrigerated for a
while those are medium right these are
right these avocados are so good they
just have this subtle taste but complex
and they're really creamy and buttery
and then I'm just excited about eating
them avocados have that like grassy
earthy taste Oh nutty nutty taste
yeah cumin nutty taste very smooth in
your mouth I don't know if you guys eat
avocado but they're just awesome
especially when you put salt arms and
some lime oh man
yeah no okay who do you get some - honey
what is this mango this is a mango guys
okay we got - we got one that ones so
what's it called up the right that's not
real right this is right all right does
they upset it right I think so this one
is not right this one is right okay are
you supposed to eat the skins of these
now you're not for those evening the
skins of the sample is tough skin no you
don't so we got to those suckers don't
smash the tomato whoops we've got two of
those them we got red rock honey fresh
raw local honey switch hands okay oh I'm
excited about this we got something new
today we don't really drink tea but we
got some tea what do you think the
flavor was mint chocolate oh wait this
is my brownies I was home
she has some amazing brownies too here's
the tea so this is a TV guy he makes it
it's chocolate mate tea we don't drink
tea but we're going to give it a shot
and he's telling us it gives you a lot
of energy and gives you here we're
saying it gives you that that uh energy
boost you need in the morning but it
doesn't give you that crash like coffee
does and it gives you like mental
clarity and stuff
yeah mental clarity and coffee does that
too so it's a strainer cup you just pour
the boiling water over the tea so that's
gonna be fun to try this out later just
fell down again
he's even phone down while he sits on
his butt he falls back but he's always
okay not that I'm making like that video
we got some blackberries ah see he's
always okay I've got some strawberries
however what shimmies wearing today make
they're cute they have little bicycles
on it let me talk about those reminds me
of a song I want to ride my bicycle I
want to ride my bike I wash yes Queen I
thought you made that when you sing that
song I always thought was just like a
song yeah oh it is a song bad thing but
it's by Queen I know it was a real song
it sews yeah I thought that you just
like made up with dumb song about a bike
a dumb song have you ever heard of the
song um I would do anything for love but
I won't do that yep I've heard that one
I think that's the same singer I don't
think Queen seems that someone queen
things like I should think you're right
we got a champion Oh buddy you're a boy
make a big noise playin in the street
gonna be a big man some day you got mud
on your face
Stephanie stuck a jelly bean up her nose
I don't want her to know we're vlogging
this or we're out your finish up the
garden and we just got news that
symphony put a jelly bean up your nose
Sydney what do you do I know
why'd you do that you're just doing it
for fun was it an accident well I'm
gonna have to get some tweezers and pull
it out okay well then we'll have to try
to blow it out here
you got a blow blow which what's nostril
is it in symphony do you want me to get
it out you got to trust me okay I'm
gonna hold this nostril and you got to
blow
there you go blow oh yeah you get it
good job baby
are you happy I love you that's how easy
it is to get a jelly bean out of a nose
for some reason parents still bring the
kid into the ER and they get jelly beans
in the nose so guess everybody needs a
nurse at home don't they super dad
that's what I feel like right now ha ha
I just got done nursing Abram and Sam
just came in and said the garden is
complete ah it's so cute out here oh my
gosh I haven't got to come out and look
at it really look how cute it looks
here's my little veggie garden in the
ground they're symphonies miniature
garden these are my Tomatoes
we have dahlias love it I love it thank
you you hard-working man look at him all
right shortly as you picked out yes we
did we picked up some gardenias today we
went to the store real quick they're
gonna grow 4 to 6 feet tall we put these
steaks in the pot when Sam little genius
whiz over here wrapped it all around
like that how awesome so and then Sam oh
so some of the pots were starting to
crack like that just look terrible
he took them out in pot planted them in
the ground that's my Dahlia and here's
the begonia they're doing
really good over here here's another
little bot it got stepped on oh the
water that's going to be a big bushy
plant there's those there's another
gardenia oh look at that mastermind back
there
those are my Mother's Day flowers I got
it farmers market today here's the happy
garden owner I'm so excited I just felt
so blessed like the hard-working husband
to look Thanks
how do you know there
brownie points for me baby rally pulling
for me I'm just so excited it's like
perfect
hey I'm Sami walk in the house he's like
Oh what do you think of our garden she's
tired awesome edwin and i a stack all
right
we laid up what a long day it's been
guys and you were there for the whole
thing I can't believe it thank you so
much for coming along with us today
hi these little guys are smiling at me I
got a show what are you doing down here
it craze a little monkey anyway thanks
for coming along with us today now it's
time to make dinner with the best cook
in the entire world let me introduce you
to Nia shells unique waiter my names are
clean I just watched
oh man those do smell good honey
cuz I'll be using um lose me Crisp apple
from Bath and Body Works Honey Crisp
apple guys get that I mean ladies get
that cuz I mean that'll make your man
happy that's most good it's all is good
that's not like this note to grilled
avocados with some sauteed corn and rice
strawberries I put a little bit on the
side force and there's also some chicken
in that here it goes guys the moment of
truth
and that was so good I'm done ready to
go start working on the vlog for the day
thanks for coming along with us today
again guys and don't forget and since
you guys will be seeing this tomorrow I
just want to say happy Mother's Day to
all the amazing runners out there you
guys are awesome thanks for all of your
hard work and bringing up more kiddos
for this world we love you and don't
forget to love each other hey guys I'm
getting ready to grill an avocado for
dinner tonight I have not been to the
grocery store in a while and we're out
of like stuff just to cook like a dinner
meal with so I'm gonna use an avocado
that we got at the farmers market today
and also that's a mate oh that we got at
the farmers market today
