we're getting ready to head out and he
is gonna go do some of her business at
hobby the lobby it's really dark over
here
come on Symphony exploring whisper daddy
hi guys Symphony and I are at the Harbor
Bay Marina where they have a boat ramp
with boat docks boat parking and they
have a marina store and a fishing pier
Symphony are going exploring today on my
mom's request I will not be holding the
camera filming too much cool because
this is a big this is a part of a
bonding time for sipping in life that's
flying away second so you guys would be
struck to my chest now I'm just going to
leave it on while I explore with her
maybe turn it off here and there for to
save battery power but anyway and I'll
be taking pictures of her along the way
I have my Canon 5d Mark 3 where yeah she
hates bugs and I got my 16 to 35
millimeter lens attached and so it's
just me neither
doing huh not a thing so first I'm gonna
be getting a sign for the Oh or a
patriotic rate that I'm working on here
you go I keep all of my wreaths orders
on a list on my phone and so
see here first thing I need to do Oh
they've been out of the Chevron ribbon
and a lot of people been ordering and I
just was informed that it was in stock
so that's okay so first thing I need is
to go get some initials I need the
letter P all right let's go last one
here we are
the one I want and I'm gonna paint it
I'm not sure what color yet though this
looks so cool behind me definitely
looking in our screen I know it's so
silly okay so go back to my list and
what I like to do is just kind of cross
off the stuff that I needed like I have
everything else I need for that wreath I
just needed that so now I need a cross
okay I'm on the cross aisle and what's
awesome is that they're 50% off this
week they're usually not so I need
something that's gonna kind of
coordinate with lavender and tan burlap
and the lavender that I chose is sparkly
and like dark and light and so I'm
thinking I'm thinking just like a wooden
color cross like they have all these
different ones but I'm thinking like
something like this color
the thing about some of these crosses is
like I actually really love this cross
but the back of it
see how it's like indented right there
what you need if you want to properly
attach across Ontario wheat um other
than just hot gluing it is you need to
have something like this on the back of
it this one right here and I do you see
how's that triangle you can loop in some
heavy-duty
floral wire and tie it around this I use
this cross sometimes okay for now I'm
gonna go with this one and I know that
they've got another section of crosses
somewhere so for now I'm gonna go with
that one it will look good I'm not I
wouldn't pick something that I would
think would make a wreath look ugly but
it's just not my favorite how are you
having fun helping me out you're doing
fantastic job you're a great helper I
just love I love doing stuff with them
it's kind of difficult to have both of
them in Hobby Lobby but they just make
life so much more joyful hi wait did
Dylan um they're moving stuff around and
all the stuff that I normally get right
here is not here okay anyways I don't
need stuff right there anyways so I was
like hey Jessica I do want to be on my
vlog it she's like no don't you dare I
don't have I don't look good today she
always looks adorable by the way so I
think I'm gonna try to find the picture
that she took of us she said she was
gonna put a filter on it post it I think
I'm gonna try to sneak it and put it in
the vlog so you guys can meet Jessica
she's a good friend of mine for like
years
hey this ribbon has been out of
for almost two months do any of you
recognize this have y'all been placing
orders for that stuff and I'm like sorry
that's dog sorry and you can special
order it online but it's like 13 bucks a
roll whereas here I get it super duper
duper cheap needs to six months so here
buddy I'm gonna let get one so there's
those that will get me to reads this is
called a doc yep
you see the ducklings so cute huh Jake
water beat bugs and eat fish aren't they
cute I'll go see him
down there we gotta jump my jump Dean
I'm not gonna let you do all right let's
just go my sister-in-law who loves
bumblebees and daisies and like more
than the average girl I think it's safe
to say we all like daisies in yellow and
brightness but she is just a true
bumblebee girl I'm going to be making
her a special reader because she's just
special to me and we both like to craft
and we always just make each other stuff
so what I'm like what I'm looking for is
some bumblebee ribbon and I found
something so like I also made her a
matching paper into this fabric and so
I'm gonna take this
I kind of want to use the same fabric
that I already used for her but at the
same time I don't because you know I
just want to make something new or fresh
instead I'm gonna be the best week ever
it's for my sister-in-law
come on oh good job
look at that bird on top of that pole
out there on top of that pillar the wood
pillar out there on the water look at my
finger up there
yeah real what do you think of these
floating bumble bees hi mom I was hoping
for a black-and-white bumblebees but you
know you win some you lose some
yeah and of you we're gonna have to get
this kid that snacking in a minute okay
so I'm debating on the flowers for my
sister-in-law she also loves polka dots
and I'm thinking that this is gonna just
look fabulous with those bumblebees so
do you having to grab two of those I
think a deal with see like these two I
think I've gotten everything that I need
there is a section that has to cross as
though remember guys I had that cross
that it's not really cared for Hey oh my
gosh people look at me like I'm insane
they look at me like wow I love your
song food okay I really like this one
actually I really wanted to take
symphony up who looks so dangerous I
know but she doesn't want to she has to
go potty guess we're gonna call it a day
did you learn anything while we were out
of here Tiffany you have learned
anything not a single thing well she had
learned anything she said but she left
it get out and look around at least that
would've been really fun forgot the
growing up old dog
alright thanks for coming along we're
gonna pick up mommy could Hobby Lobby
now even look here's your snack easy
broom
thinking even puffs they're almost all
gone okay checking up the camera now
huge camera phone driving right now such
a good driver
whoa grab the steering wheel wow what a
good driver the castle I was going to be
the princess but it was a yeah
what a cutie if I could just have a
camera on her 24/7 the things we would
capture on camera this girl she's like
it
walking actress okay she's like a
walking talking doll let's see how Abram
likes my key line
Oh PA without making a face
sour were you eating since what flavor
did you get
very and hear me
we're just freshening up for our friends
have you guys ever use these no we're
not getting paid to advertise I just
stumbled across them or lose my best
friend hey girl
under shout out to coffee hey hey
anywhere we're just missing our tea
these things are awesome
what's that you're talking about our
little brother he lives with me and
lately he's been really like giving us
the cold shoulder you know we may have
had some disputes with him living there
just very minor disputes he in breaking
rules and you know any kind of this
means that most people go through
your typical grooming staff lately he's
been kind of ignoring
you hit a minute now me I used to be
pretty close
you know she used to think of him as a
brother I still do but his feelings are
not really reciprocated anymore yeah
anyway Epicor not good
it's not going to take a bath with you
what's up buddy first bath together one
day my money but it means mommy and baby
oh and it's a it's from Natura it's a
brand from thank you so delicious you
can only get in Brazil unfortunately oh
I just finished painting symphonies face
I painted a little you see it yeah
dinosaur it's too close very close
you can't focus that close it's pretty
cute huh mm-hmm you ready to go to bed
DJ's Oh BJ you go put PJs on all I need
your help
today put my fret because I can't from
my top side okay I hope you come on
let's go
picks him up yeah
poor guys I'm putting Symphony into bed
tonight he is in there putting Abram to
bed we go home kind of late from Bowen
shantel's house
so thanks for coming along with us again
and don't forget we love you and don't
forget to love each
he was exercising wow you're doing good
buddy
