occasionally I tell Sam I want him to
cook me breakfast in the mornings and he
decides ok we can go out at breakfast so
Sam's gonna cook me breakfast today I
told him my way of cooking for her
because she always cooks for me it's
taking her out to eat I know that's a
easy way out think about it but I mean
you know you gotta do what you gotta do
if you really hate cooking you know you
got a supplement for that somehow and I
thought by taking us out to eat more
than usual right yeah so we're gonna go
up breakfast today on this rainy day
International House of Pancakes
so woods excited to be earlier than you
I'm reading the lyrics to UM unspoken
song in your hands such an awesome song
is the one that I just leave everything
else angles the same bands that dopey
mountain the same hands I've been on the
cross for us Russians Oh such a blessing
for me this money Oh
I chose every song every senior leave it
in y'all
I love that song
aren't you having fun editing I love you
where we need a prayer first Oh Oh God
that right there is true detail armlet
what is that ma'am
cinnamon brioche french toast eggs and
hash browns say hay for pancakes amen
good job yeah why would you text me that
this traditional sausage is awesome I
need to worry buddy
so it has a little bit of sour cream on
it eggs cheese chili peppers
just gonna burn coming out hey Bronson
drawers heads get it buddy
yeah Sonia always makes the best choice
we're stuck in the car nobody wants to
get out of the car because it's pouring
raining outside I guess there won't be
any gardening today exploded out there
yeah we're scared of water in here are
you scared of the rain Symphony you're
not yeah are you sure you weren't
playing all right let me go decide we're
going to sort it by mommy
good luck no poor mommy getting all wet
the rain died down a little bit I got
all changed up showered simply got a nap
in I got won't happen everyone got a
little nap in mommy you're not then did
not get a nap in Tiffany and I are gonna
teach you guys how to make a paper boat
yeah are you gonna put inside your boat
this one a man because who's that he
wrecked every time
Shango in the paper but with message yes
Mario but tomorrow you can and I'm going
to put a GoPro my boat I want to set to
make a big boat of this huge yellow
paper and she's gonna make a rigger
sized boat
okay so if you look it's been that first
step is to fold your paper in half your
paper in half
look if you let me help you there you go
your next step is to fold it in half
this way and make a mark at the top of
your paper right here just so you have a
center point point where I'm going to
make my next fold so you want to fold
right in the center next step to fold in
the corners the foldable ticket you're
doing it next step is to fold it fold up
your flaps the flaps on the bottom of
your paper
just like this so now you basically have
a hat a paper hat next step you want to
open I'll show you on the little one you
want to pretty much flip the fold like
this just how I did that and then you're
going to have these flaps that hit each
other so just basically take one flap
and put it underneath the other it
doesn't matter which side hold it down
good and tight
okay okay your next step is to fold up
the flaps that have the anyway there's
only one way only one side you can flip
it which is this side flip it up crease
it down flip this side up - it down okay
okay papers getting smaller a little bit
more manageable next step flip it again
like this a little mouth flip it there
crease it down so I'm going to open it
up flip it this way
okay work it's hard on the big paper and
your next step is the fun part
grab the top and open and you have
yourself a boat and on the bottom you
got to make this a dome should make this
a dome shaped as possible yeah someone
so Mikey red padlock yeah gotta make the
sustain she works out really good now
where we're gonna focus I don't know
yeah why not now we got a boat that
Symphony could probably fit inside like
a floater away down the gutter
there goes your boat and there goes our
boat go get chase it go chase your boat
let it go wait wait don't kick it let it
float let's see how far we'll go you
want to let's go try to float my boat
why he goes down the river
all right stay right there okay here we
go
it goes my blue boat this big old boat
needs a sail on it yeah he's like making
spins
come on boat I think it's getting too
heavy bottom let's get wet you want to
help it oh no this wasn't much of a
success right here oh capsized Oh
where'd the ball go he's stuck help him
out
wait there he goes come back in this is
Judy she's our neighbor I'm vlogging
here but you did a lot of that don't ya
yes have you seen her yes oh and you
know everyone know my dog okay cool yeah
we make videos now that's cool oh yeah
yes we do your boots are full water they
are so as you can see my boat it worked
out so well so I want to suggest you use
the big paper or maybe if I'm a half the
size of what I had it would have been
better I think I'll try that yeah hi
cutie
like had your little buddy he is so
cranky today I plan on going to Bible
study it would kind of stormy today so
if the weather stays like this
a portion of our study with cases is
sick so we're still going to meet and
have our prayer time and just like
reflect on another study I've been doing
so I'm very much looking forward to it
because Abram has been so cranky today
he didn't really nap he did take a small
one but it was his only nap for the day
he usually has two naps a day like a
two-hour nap and then like and then like
a 1-1 hour now um oh it's starting to
rain and so oh yeah he just I can't walk
away from him right now I'm just okay
it's just kind of sad I think he's
cutting a tooth he was I'm very much
looking forward to some prayer time with
my brain let's put area on this side I
will put little Eric on this side
go to brown yeah I made another boat
this time it's not so big but it's a
bigger boat here we go big boat come on
come on look into oh man
that one flip over right away cap side
but still gone still gaining over the
speed ah look sleek boating doesn't work
failed we're making brown in the air
okay with some coconut rific okay what
else do i okay yeah some brownies
brownies can you show it to us
Wow here come the router room wow you
took the router in we're putting
children in it yeah so brownies box
brownies is a staple in this house do
you guys have staples in your pantry
Symphony and I keep Rowdies there are
just days where you know for girls and
just need to make box brownies and today
in one of those age I've been kind of
dude she's my kind of in a
minute it is just how to make us some
chocolate some brownies
I want a snow
yeah that's good I have like some very
coconut ish very brownie it to me
somebody what's that beeping noise we've
been waiting so patiently we did a good
job on these let's see what Sam thinks
about all that was good okay now what do
you really think Sam's not a big huge
fan of coconut so I was curious using a
like own food not like a huge fan huge
fan of chocolate yeah in general you're
not a brownie fan anyways really yeah
because there is a big crowds for dude
thanks good job let's see what a real
frosting on it normally PLC a frosting
hey take small bites hey what do you
think of the brownie
once again guys thanks long for coming
along for our longer notice that once
again guys thanks for coming along today
with us coming along too well
thank you guys for coming along simply
sticking it to all our viewers but I
want to bundi enough I understand that I
need you to say goodbye to the viewers I
mean can i viewers we were oh how did
you remember I do that that was awesome
I'm not gonna do it cuz she did it but I
will say don't forget to love each other
we're getting in the car it's beautiful
out here the sun's just barely skirting
over the top of the trees the clouds are
diffusing the light and the Thunder is
roaring in the background you hear the
birds just now coming out of their holes
out of their trees
you hear the wind pushing the raindrops
off the leaves and you could just hear
individual raindrops hitting the ground
it's beautiful out here
