you what are you making hey room what
are you doing new are you making a room
where you doing hey you what are you
making
all right what are you making Zachary
here diaper wreath that's pretty cute
for who um I actually can't remember the
name of this one I have like four orders
so what are you gonna put on that and
dessert um this is for a little girl so
it's gonna have like real actual hair
clips down here that look like flowers
and then up here is like a discolor
bottle of lotion mmm cool I just woke up
and we're talking about something to do
today
well we're not trying to find something
trying to talk scam into finishing my
garden what trying to find anything okay
we're gonna finish the garden
yes we got to go to Walmart I need a
tiller I don't want use the tiller we
have because it's just not powerful
enough and that thing is just too hard
it is so hard
so all you night shift is out there are
you grave diggers okay I feel eeeh I
feel your pain it is a hard life anyway
today we're gonna go work on the garden
you guys wanna come with us come along
come on okay can I take a man named b1
yeah good to come work this baby tears
away what the baby tears away peak why
we're on the big potty here oh okay good
job
Heelan my first time here with my first
time except me what are you going to get
here today so you only want hold my hand
we're in the parking lot
yeah that's the only time that's not
fair I like the hold your neighbors barn
Oh everyone that doesn't know one's a
tin watering can
yeah what surprise surprise I did yeah I
forgot just kidding I know
we're gonna go look at it soon me is
looking for colors again a spray paint
code for what what do you spray painting
uh Mickey the neighbor gave me this
plant that you put a small plot another
bigger part I already said that earlier
and I want to paint it Oh what's going
on
you don't know mini you need some help
man you need some help just people nice
yeah that's pretty cool
you know I just saw this one but I don't
know about that
I think it's too like pale
not color by my looks get in the box
she said the color that we painted our
mailbox is too pale I'm gonna have to
agree not really I don't agree I love
our mailbox sweetie I love it
good luck on your project ma'am some
people are so cute they just want to
talk they found the opportunity to talk
in it you don't have much people to talk
to at home it's completely
understandable
I get a lot of people come in the ER
that just want to talk that's all they
want
I just want to talk I had a guy come in
and he just wanted to talk to somebody
he wasn't who's depressed he's one of
the top so the doctor and I went in
there and we talked to him your surprise
is on this aisle you get to pick a new
lego city do you want to pick a Lego
City
yeah are you excited yeah you didn't
look excited these nice early ones
this is the girl Lego stuff look there's
this one
Oh something her and I can sit down and
do together we read and stuff but you
know that's more Mia's thing with her
but I was really wanting to get
something that we can you know have some
bonding time together so I'm getting her
Lego set like a lego city or whatever
she wants and we're gonna build it
together
I think Symphony is gonna get a little
mermaid set is awesome I guess he's the
only boy
I don't watch movies often but when I do
I prefer ones that you know encouraged
me to go be adventurous and lately one
of my favorite movies is The Secret Life
of Walter Mitty I'm actually saw them in
theatres and I saw it a couple times I
just love this movie leave the back of
this really clear life is about courage
and going into the unknown really okay
deaqon don't touch them daddy
what because they're spiky the dog
don't touch him yeah i spiky okay I said
oh oh you can only one better not
okay thank you for saving my hands we
got why is that thing called it's color
all right Rach Rach I'm pretty sure we
have one of those my dad taught me put
up some tools and wild hope over oh we
also got bamboo sticks to snake that
digitalis land that I got we got milk
and cream and another plant and lego
city baby snack something glass Oh pots
there's fan buckling Abram over there
super dad some very tight and I get in
trouble for come easy to tie and I never
even touch turns it right it's still
reporting how to put it oh you got to
keep me in the loop on things Sam you
just found out that we are actually
doing a blog not a vlog over to the dog
is going on back there okay took on
the other day I should have locked it
all but I didn't I just really on a
mission I'll tell you all the whole
story we had a really ugly mailbox it
was black and the little thing I'm going
to show you was rusty here it is this is
the new mailbox probably seen it on my
Instagram if you follow me the same day
that I painted the mailbox blue I got
this white we have had this bench slash
swing for a long time and it was all
rusted and white and it was just old
like we've had it for ever for like four
years and it sat out in rain and stuff
anyway so I had the same color of spray
paint and I painted it and I got these
at home fit but actually I think they
might have been 30 for both of them they
just sit up there like that for us to
sitting comfortably and now it's just
all refreshed more baby
hey you don't care what I do I like
doing this with the camera Sam taught it
to me
this man works so hard for me look at
that
so I'm trying to kill this garden here
you put this tiller put this manual
tiller this dirt is so hard
Texas dirt is the hardest it really is I
think it's known for its hard dirt
layers wash ok so I mean wait well
that's a softer yeah look not that just
Kim so her twist that's just dumb it's
gonna take forever I gotta get all this
I got it all shorts so hard around here
at least I can do I was at Walmart with
Sam getting that guard a garden rake
type thing and um and I just like took
out my eye I was laughing and when I
laugh I usually am like ha ha ha like my
head just kind of goes everywhere when I
laugh I'm just like very vocal when I
laugh Abram does not like watching Sam
do this he's so cute so um anyway I did
end up like totally like bashed my eye
on the edge of that garden raking it
just like took I just like couldn't even
open my eye for a minute it was this I
Rea today it started sprinkling while I
was walking Hey and I don't run let me
just set the record I hate running I
suck at it
can't buy me so anyway I hate running I
suck at it I just hate it well anyway so
it started and I have a nice jogging
stroller well so it started sprinkling
and I was like oh shoot I'm far from
home I've got I've got to I got a bucket
and into Iran remember look crazy
what's this lesson scenario listen teach
you never give up once you start
something you got to finish it ok oh wow
you're really like going to town
so Symphony and I are about to open her
new Lego Disney set princess set um I
thought we can get it for of the store
she'd been bugging me about the whole
time that I was doing the art every five
minutes she's like but daddy I don't we
want to build on lego city so to keep
toning but now's the time opening lego
set now you excited yeah I can't wait
here and bow on her character pitter Bo
oh yeah happy - okay well don't peel
they go they go on the UM Legos they're
decals okay so you count here's the
instructions two bags we don't read the
instructions okay so we know what to do
you can have to reject the instruction
manual okay so number one pour out the
Box he she oh she's doing in the picture
yeah we only did that step number two it
says open bag number one do you see the
bag fine bag number one which bag says
number one on that one yeah right now
when open bag one find the blue circle
is on your boy sack go okay now find
this piece you need four of those look
throw here turn old Ricky here there you
go good job age now we gotta find six of
the flat white pieces so far we got the
boat built Sydney did such a good job
bells in that boat so cool okay so well
we did so well
make sure it's flat on top you got it
job now put the other two one here and
one here all right
remember wiggling and placed and push
you get it yes good job
no leg Aleppo press all right let's see
excellent job Symphony you're an expert
Lego builder aren't you yeah why are you
dazing off you're getting sleepy yeah
maybe a little bit no not okay Sydney
can you show everybody what you built
show our viewers what you built
everybody wants to see oh yeah what is
this okay is this called again daddy it
looks like a dock doesn't it yeah Sonya
book yeah what else do we build built
though yeah can you say built we built
mm-hmm we did this I voted the word is
built Cynthia I do i build built yeah
good job
awesome okay hey Steph tomorrow right
Rick it made this a fraud
yeah we sure did that's a little pond
yeah and this is a tree yeah meesa
awesome tree she is so smart we were
building the dock and she said daddy
this looks like a pallet I said what
kind of pallet Symphony and would you
say she remembered that I taught her
about those pallets we went exploring
and she even remembered that the man who
owned the place wouldn't allow us to
explore you want to show up your
stickers she's just so incredibly
intelligent
daddy Larry nice to school once oh I'm
not sure they go to the next second set
we'll figure that out tomorrow okay and
forget this one these ones are flowers -
is this hey guys thanks for coming along
on our day with us um I'll just put the
kids to bed
symphonie got to stay up really late
tonight and hang out daddy um yeah I've
been making some wreaths got a lot more
left to do that's why I'm sitting over
here my craft room is all my crafts crap
back there I used to be our dining room
table oh we're in the search of a new
one um a smaller one anyway so Sam's
cleaning up around his desk don't know
if y'all saw that in the most recent
vlog that we posted but thanks for all
the comments and love on that on that by
the way um I hope I didn't offend anyone
by it I'm just like I was just so
passionate about it and it's not just
it's not just to defend being on your
phone it's just motherhood in general we
shouldn't bash each other so anyways
hope you guys all had a great day I know
we did looking forward to tomorrow this
is tomorrow is Sam's first official
awake day that's what I called him home
with a family and I'm just like so
excited this is always like the start of
my week and I just I love this time of
the week for us laundry hug big hug
everybody it's not such a good time
building Legos with Symphony I feel like
building Legos with her is just like
really um beneficial for her it helps
her build your creativity it helped her
like learn how to follow instructions
and help with the fine motor skills
putting those little Legos together can
be pretty challenging so that was really
cool to do that with her um just having
that time to do that can't wait to
finish it with her tomorrow anyway well
guys thanks for stopping in today
watching our vlog appreciate you guys
and don't forget we love you and don't
forget to love each other
you're sitting with somebody right now
give them a big hug yeah you give that
person right there or right there
a big hug I'm gonna give my wife a hug
sprightly I'd turn this off
