hey guys welcome to today
it's Wednesday I am feeling super
passionate about something and I can
keep it in no longer I was gonna make
this super long Facebook status post
about it and I was like oh why not blog
about it okay so I'm sure that some of
you have seen this there's this photo
that's semi gone viral it's being posted
all around my personal facebook and on
different social media sites it's of a
mom texting while her kids are swinging
at the park let me just show you that
have you guys seen that lately it's been
kind of everywhere for me so if you've
seen it and you didn't read the article
I'll just sum it up for you
I actually didn't read the entire
article I got a little bit too upset
while I was reading it so the article
basically is just bashing that mom who's
on her phone while her kids are swinging
at the park and um kind of encouraging
other moms to not be on the phone while
their kids play
I think encouraging is the wrong word
though it's almost just like saying if
you don't put your phone down while your
kids play you're missing all the most
important things that they could do in
their life and all those vital moments
you're a bad mom basically so I just
feel so opposite as the person who wrote
this blog and I I don't feel offended
but I feel like as a mom who sees it
from the other side I want to share my
thoughts for other parents out there
first of all do not feel guilty if you
glanced at your phone while you're with
your kids let me just start by saying
that um now this is how like this is
what upset me we have no idea what that
girl was going through the day that she
took her kids to the park and looked at
her phone we don't know how long she
looked at her phone it could have been
for five seconds and most likely if
she's like me she was probably posting a
photo of her kids playing on Instagram
especially for stay-at-home parents like
I know you working parents are just as
worn out and tired I used to be a
working parent and so when I got home
from the day I was really really ready
to play and be with Symphony um it's a
little different when you're a
stay-at-home parent because what you do
all day is like playing and tend to your
children and your home um so especially
those of you who do stay home I mean you
have to have a mental break in your day
at some point from toddler talk baby
talk training your child disciplining
your child and yes playtime we are
adults we are not meant to be in play
mode all day every day and I think that
those moms who try so hard to live by
the books and never look at social media
while they're with their kids
or you know pay attention to their kids
every mood every move I think those are
the moms who go crazy
the only manual is the Bible and I
believe that in the Bible they had lots
and lots of fellowship now they didn't
have phones obviously but I'm sure if
they did I'm sure they would have been
sending some texts texts to each other
we saw some of my personal friends
sharing it friends who I know are
amazing mothers friends that I know do
look at their phone while they are with
their kids because I've seen them in
action and I just want to say especially
to those of you who I know personally
there's not one person in my life
that I like see and talk to that I would
ever deem as a bad mother or parent in
any way and I just I cannot I cannot for
the life of me understand why this
person felt privileged enough to write
this blog as parents and moms in general
we should be on each other's team
cheering each other on there is never a
day that we should be dragging each
other down and making one another feel
guilty for absolutely anything we do
unless we are physically or verbally
hurting our children or ourselves and in
that case you still don't bash you still
don't tear down people you go to them in
love and you go to them with genuine
care and concern this is just my two
cents about this blog I saw it's really
really really been bothering me today
especially when I started seeing my own
friends sharing it saying oh I need to
be more careful about this no yes
like you should not be on your phone all
day every day
one thing the blog poster said was mom
when you look away from your kid at that
text you're missing her dance twirl
she's saying mommy look at me
did you see it no you didn't okay
honestly if you're like me and my kid
you've seen them do that dance twirl
like 4,000 times already before you went
to the park it's okay to miss one of
them and you know what it's okay for
your kids to learn to play without mommy
like in their face to have some
independence it's okay I am just so like
can you tell I'm heated about this
subject
I'm just heated about it um I really
think that we need to re-evaluate the
way we treat other moms and parents
because that's what drives them over the
edge there's so much pressure to be the
perfect mom and the perfect parent these
days and it can make you crazy I mean if
I didn't have the Lord in my life I
would just go crazy every day I am so
grateful that in moments of frustration
where I just want to just shout or
scream and sometimes I do but a lot of
times I don't and it's because I can
just pause and just say God please give
me patience right now in this moment I
need you and because of that I can make
it through my day there is just
absolutely nothing wrong with taking a
little mental break from toddler land or
baby land in fact you need it it's
important and it's healthy so I just
wanted to send this very passionate
encouragement out there to you parents
who who possibly have seen this post and
might be making yourselves feel guilty
about it because there's nothing to feel
guilty about
and to that mom in that photo I mean can
you imagine if she has seen this what
she's feeling she could be the best mom
in the world and we don't know it you
know she could be she could have been
dealing with some heartbreak at that
moment and she just needed a mental
break I hope I've made a little bit of
sense and I hope I've sent a little bit
of encouragement to some parents out
there in the world and just know that as
long as you're doing your best and
you're not physically or verbally
hurting yourself or your children you're
an awesome parent there's no other words
for it hope you all have a great day
thanks for listening to me rant
I wanna run through the holes of my
Hospital I wanna scream at the tip of my
hat I just found out there's no such
thing as the real world just to live got
some rounds above yep I'm at work
so just logging at work
