the QA to
today's Tuesday's q8 q and A's you like
that
Tuesday's cute 8q and ice it all rhymes
thought it's pretty cool so let's start
with our first question we're gonna do
eight questions okay guys okay number
one comes from hey I'm the first that's
not a question
hey oh hey pass
so the real first question comes from
Michaela
Baker Michaela Baker asks is there any
way for Sam to come to my senior session
if you plan a beach trip to South
Carolina let me know you know what
mckaela there is a way for me to do
senior portraits are frozen video that
we made that went viral the love is an
open door we were nominated for video of
the year by AMG artists music guilt
there were ceremony is in South Carolina
and we'll be there in November if you
graduate in May I guess you're out of
luck but if it's next year that you're
graduating I will be able to do them
I'll put a link to my photography page
and you could contact me and let me know
if that's gonna work out for you I would
love to do your senior portraits so
question number two comes from Brooke
Tolson yes ma'am what are you use on
your skin it looks so flawless I don't
know baseball this - oh my gosh what
what are you using his name well you do
have a pretty special touch me
yes I'll show you what she uses on her
skin oh no that's what she's asking
these soft manly hands they are very
manly no but really you know I don't use
a lot on my skin I used to have a skin
condition and so my dermatologist when I
was in high school recommended to use
just a dove beauty bar of soap it's just
a blue box bar of soap and that's the
majority that's primarily what I use to
wash my face with and
very careful about putting makeup on my
face I I literally only put makeup on my
cheeks right here I don't let it touch
like my forehead and my chin and here my
nose
I'm just very careful about 100 so the
Dove Beauty bar and me soft management's
no one else can have those sorry ladies
maybe my skin is just gonna be a little
bit more fullness because I have the
hands you guys question number three
comes from go sick baby yeah he or she
asked hey do you guys play any
instruments do you wanna do you think
that way okay that was totally not
anyway yeah I play guitar playing
instrument every now in our play guitar
actually used to be in a band he wrote
me a lot of songs
our very first my very first upload to
this channel was actually a music video
from our band in high school go check it
out it's pretty crappy but link in the
comments below
she loves to do that what's that you
should play I want her to play piano
I'll look for her play piano in a broom
you're probably not playing bass guitar
you're just so much chunky just and
thick just seems like a little bit not
really I'm not very musically inclined
like this guy like I can't read music I
play by ear like what my grandmother has
taught me oh yeah so question number
good job comes from Melissa Rodriguez do
you guys ever fight I swear you seem to
be perfect no we don't fight I don't
think yes we do no we don't fight yes we
do question number five
Peter Pizza cow hi Sam Ania my question
is what was the best gift you've ever
received at your spouse or life partner
both of you please answer this you put a
baseline I think big smiley face that's
a good one my the best gift we've
received from the best gift I've
received from Mia I think was when I was
in college broke and I was very
passionate about music that was in
school trying to make a
trying to get a good job so I could make
a good living whatever Nia bought me a
Takamine
or talk to me guitar and she made a huge
scavenger hunt you actually sent me to
like a grocery store and I went in the
grocery store and the cashier handed me
a paper and he and then I read it and it
brought me to where else did it take me
- I don't know all the places in between
but you ended up at a park yeah anyway
ended up at a park in the area at that
park inside the planer I had to walk up
some stairs and there was a guitar case
in there I was like what this is the
only Valentine's Day and I open the case
and it was the most beautiful talk a
mean guitar like beautiful wood it was
amazing the best gift I've ever received
from Sam it's a toss-up like really I
have to tell you all about when I'm not
17 we're thinking about my promise ring
that I also don't have anymore and it
was like it was just so beautiful and
perfect and I'm just like I could cry
talking what happened to it I'm pretty
sure I lost it when I was doing photo
shoot the next best gift like the actual
best awesomest gift ever
as my Tiffany's necklace this is just
the most like I guess extravagant gift
sandals ever gotten me and it's it's my
tippy knees I got the little blue box
guys with the awesome red ribbon because
it was Christmas time and it's got a
diamond inside of a daisy which is like
I love flowers and I loved a forgotten
these PJ's having a rose the question
number six comes from Sarah Cabot Donny
Kent down I want to hear the proposal
story and how did you know that in the
is your soul man she's the one that you
should spend your life with please
answer me I'm dying to know I'm one of
you big fans from Morocco that kind of
rhyme number seven comes from Brittany
Wilson also a good friend of ours hey
Brittany she wants to know what is the
most funny or embarrassing thing your
kids have done in
like I remember a time at church when
the kids were finishing Vacation Bible
School they were supposed to perform on
the stage in front of everybody and
Symphony and her friend cuff was up
there and they both started growling
during a performance of this little
light of mine cops started growing first
and of course she followed his lead like
she always does and they both just
started growling at each other in the
middle of the song it was so
embarrassing
it was just like these sweet little
voices like this little and they had
little lights they made and then all of
a sudden the kids start looking at each
other like yep and it was just so
embarrassing like that was hilarious -
oh I recorded it on video I was laughing
the entire time was practically crying
but I was so embarrassed - I was so
embarrassed so question number eight our
final question of our Tuesday's q8q days
goes to Tracy come on crazy Sommerfeld
she says hi guys I really look forward
to watching your vlogs Thank You Tracy
they always make me smile uppercase X
lowercase X my question is what is your
favorite time of year and why well
sometimes I like to close my eyes and
imagine what it'd be like when summer
comes so my favorite time of year I'd
have to say is fall I really like one or
two because I love to snowboard and I'll
try to put a clip in it here what's your
favorite definitely spring
because just why she is right yeah I
love all the colors everything is so
alive and in bloom it's it's just so
perfect the weather is not too hot not
too cold it's the time to plant stuff
and have beautiful flowers everywhere I
just love it I love the smells I don't
care for the allergy season part of it
though I have horrible allergies but
bring it on my favorite absolute time of
the year well that wraps up our
Tuesday's q8 q and A's for this week
thanks for watching guys we're gonna
start our vlog for the week tomorrow so
make sure you tune back in and watch us
we really appreciate you guys and don't
forget we love you and don't forget to
love each other so Sarah our proposal
story goes something like this
well Sam had been working one night and
he sent me a text asking if we want it
if I wanted to go take a walk with him
we used to like take walks regularly
together because we didn't both have
cars like at one time anyways and so he
we walked to one of our spots that we
have in high school where we made you
know some pretty important promises I
promise to be together forever never you
know never leave each other and just
some pretty important stuff that
happened there and so we walked there
and then like 10 minutes later he pulls
out this ring and inside we're a ring
box and inside it had a light with my
ring oh yeah I like that much shut down
too right it was amazing circles it was
amazing and it was really dark outside
so it was perfect that I had to like cuz
I could like see Mary and he proposed to
me there at our spot where we made all
those promises and it was just awesome
he had got my mom's permission I was
raised by my mom beforehand and he
planned it all out and it was just
perfect I screamed so loud I didn't even
hear what
like most of what he said I made him
repeat it whenever we were done you guys
perfect
