okay so today we are at Tiffany soccer
games day we've already been having some
visitors at our house earlier this
morning rush to the soccer game after
the soccer game we have a community
outreach with our church where we are
going to take some food to lower-income
communities and say some prayers for
them and then after that we're doing a
senior photo shoot I got a ladybug go
get it there she is all by herself look
at this she's in her own little world
I'm afraid she adopted that for me oh
girl now the coaches holding her hand
dragging her down the field poor girl
it's just not her sport we need to find
something that's for Symphony any
suggestions guys for three-year-old can
we do instead of soccer right mom
where'd you get that hat I got that
afternoon only yeah well
my hat your so here I've never seen you
we have a couple games left after that
we'll have to find something else to do
ballet you do a good job do you want ice
cream what do you have to do for ice
cream yes go get the ball and you hungry
what we're trying to play you're sleepy
the game just started
get in the game
first chapter of the day is over run
away home and I have to go change it's
the last family support and tire we're
going to the family neighborhood
outreach at her church and you guys are
invited to come along ah
okay so we're all dressed and ready to
go to the outreach but I'm here at UPS I
got to send back my Sony NEX for the
fourth time or third time for the third
time I've ordered this camera four times
I've got it coming in the mail I got to
send this one off this one also had a
defect so I'm here at the UPS Store
Hector's gonna check out our YouTube
channel yes so you're probably seeing
himself tomorrow
perfect thanks Hector appreciate it man
- and here's the tracking okay now we're
gonna go find somewhere to eat so we're
out to eat we're gonna go have a burger
and some fries at Booya
I've never been to mooyah have you guys
never even heard of it come on what's
that yeah I have a feeling the burgers
are made out of
that's what army comes from cows that's
pretty funny to have a bunch of pictures
of cows and restaurant when they serve
cow there are such cute pictures too
baby
is anything wrong yeah it is it's like
we see
you need a booster and bursts are sweet
oh okay look at these cool light share
some sweet potato
do you like blue burger you like me a
burger
do you like what you ordered do you like
your prize
okay
that's a good-looking burger not only is
it tastes great it's pretty good-looking
oh good
so getting bags ready bags of food ready
to hand out to the community the pork
community in the area it's not brown
just a lot of bags are you team a or
team be grabbing back in the food this
is what we're handing out 10 bags per
car my family and he are going to one
neighborhood and the rest were splitting
up going different places invitations to
the church handed up six bags we didn't
but we got some good people to do how
did yours go oh it went alright most of
our people were Spanish speakers kind of
heard it's not having any is there
anybody in the churches exposure
there's three people um we're gonna get
at least two out for our obligations
I'll move up there so yeah just go here
I think you know you were there all
right let's wrap it up for the viewers
who definitely made a difference God had
us at the right place at the right time
I think the first help we went to was
her birthday he's at the right place or
he's getting the right starting to think
and he's reading the Bible a lot but
he's saying he doesn't like churches
he's waiting for the feeling to be to
want to go to church she said don't have
that feeling to want to go right this
week you know I was hoping you but maybe
change his mind while we were there
yes I'm like we are the church and then
I hurt my feelings and the next house we
went to does a guy he was actually stuck
I'm not stuck he's trying to get up the
stairs a few steps we came in right in
time and just like saved him yeah yeah
like I'm a walker yeah I had a walker in
the middle of the stamps like he's going
backwards up the stair back she was what
he was doing and I was like Sam's a
nurse he could totally help you I don't
know how to help someone like that
yes I came in I helped him up the stairs
the Gaiman's bed he had just had an
amputation of his foot listen to him
talk about all his surgeries and setup
forever near miss gravely it was pretty
graphic but I can handle that definitely
that pretty good yeah try to eat be good
love no more okay chapter two is over
the outreach we just finished that a
little bit ago right now we're scoping
for Sam's photoshoot here in a little
while so next time we go on an average
we aren't not having fast greasy food
before because I just I don't know if it
was the heat or what I don't think Sam
is either we're just kind of like
feeling crappy just crashing yeah all
the carbs making this crash
she's sister of the year or what so we
are literally in the parking lot of a
restaurant getting to do preparing to do
a senior shoot not up her the one we're
going is actually changing in that car I
won't focus on them but we are going to
do photographing against this hot rod
what the highway as a backdrop no not
really the highway will be blurry I'll
give you guys a link check out some of
the photos I did I'm vlogging so awkward
did we have like a YouTube channel and
we vlog like we did yeah we did like
that frozen video I don't know if you've
heard of it or like penis yeah yeah and
so after that we started doing like
daily vlog so I'm gonna vlog for a
second excuse me like it's so awkward
uh-huh so we're at our senior shoot with
Cassidy the girl I was telling you guys
about earlier at Symphony soccer game
she's so adorable her and Sam are making
a great team right now oh she is on the
wall
Sam at work so this is our third
location and we're going to go to two
more I think and they're doing great
it's going good
she's gonna go to A&M for all you Aggie
fans out there Sam is doing such a great
job he is just a pro at what he does
right there
they just like direct in her like do
this go there put your hair here put
your here twist your shoulders this way
why don't you switch your back this way
put your foot up look off this way I can
do the Sun put the senior right in here
get me out of here it's like quicksand
she has boots on so you can put her out
there hams going onto even drier land
pretty soon we're gonna be in those
trees up there just think I'm exhausted
like it's just been go-go-go non-stop
all day today but our kids have really
done well with it they're at Nana's
house while we do this photo shoot this
reminds me of the Croods this kind of
ground first I said Jurassic Park but
now I'm changing it to the Croods if you
guys have seen that or not we actually
don't let symphony watch that movie
another story for another day
actually why don't y'all try to guess
why would Sam and Nia not allow symphony
to watch the Croods why is that let us
know what you think so I found the first
spot out here that I want to do and it's
going to consist of that background
what's this foreground okay
people like weed do you see that dead
bird I just had a pretty mini meltdown I
didn't even make any sense
that is crazy we're just walking on a
photo shoot and all of a sudden I'm
stumbling on a dead bird freaked me out
okay here we go
get it I keep going I know I'm a new
filmer just call me film Road this is
our videographer I don't know what to do
what a crazy day everybody's exhausted
so third chapter of the day is over if I
end up not doing it I'm sorry I'm a
super busy guy
thanks for watching thank you so one of
the other exams favorite things to do at
the end of each day is ask what was your
favorite part of today so since we take
you along with most of our names day
tell us in the comment section below
what your favorite part of our day was
thanks we will see you guys tomorrow
and don't forget did you see how we
stopped at that light are you people who
think we're such bad drivers peekaboo
