bowel movement time oh gosh so we read
your challenges from my last Q&A video
and I think Nia single-handedly chose
that we do what tea poodle wanted us to
do which was change roll her day so
we've already started tonight I've been
7 a.m. and I'm up with Abram all by
myself as you can see I was extremely
busy last night see that stack of boxes
I don't know I got to get those mailed
out
Sam you forgot to put trash bag in the
trash can again come on Sam
like I've already said it makes a big
difference on the mug I choose in the
morning I love this mug can you say good
morning
neighbors say good morning to the
viewers good morning Joyce good morning
table
I gotta get Abramson breakfast going
maybe give him some fruit or something
let's see here
you can't beat the bags can't eat the
bags we didn't do apple strawberry
banana that looks good
sour but good so everyone just finishes
baby food okay you okay
well well okay good bowel movement time
he feels all better now just change his
diaper
good morning symphony hey hungry
symphony yeah not yet okay in the minute
you might be okay
did you have sweet dreams would you
dream about my daddy you did in my apron
and I'll sell your mommy and my mommy so
what are you painting don't paint flower
I want you to paint with me that stained
glass
so that's cold yeah yeah no yes Sun
catcher Oh Sun catcher yes I can't
Oh bless you need some clear just a
little bit there he is right I am pick
those ones too yeah and I painted
gathers be done Symphony I'm just lucky
I laugh cuz they were just kind of there
let's go leaving over here
watering the weeds can do it good job
you did it
see thirsty too no water something out
hi Rach Oh give her a sniffle how she
smell beautiful so far symphony and I
have eaten breakfast I got her all ready
we got Abram up well mommy got some
extra sleep like I usually do in the
mornings so so far we're switching the
rules to butoh we're doing a good job
here mommy's taking her time in the
shower getting up I made her a cup of
coffee brought it to her in bed next I
got to make her some breakfast I got to
do the dishes and she's got to mow the
yard it's not too high is it well to
boodle looks like I felled your
challenge Nia got to the dishes before I
had a chance why did you do that because
if Abram was asleep and I need it I
wanted to get it done she just saw used
to working I didn't even have a chance
to get to it I was on the computer
working on photos and I didn't realize
she's in you're doing the dishes
uh she's pretty much finished so now
she's going to be making a homemade
pizza with symphony and I'm gonna let
her take over from here Stan was really
sweet and let me something
but he brought me my coffee to bed one
for me yeah I watch the cure this one
and
a rebel a red piece and my grandpa okay
good job that's the greatest piece that
we made wrap okay we have our pizza
crust and our pizza sauce mozzarella
cheese red peppers green peppers
pineapples olives and Canadian bacon and
pepperoni
the awesome my favorite pepperoni yep no
it's gonna go into the oven but tastes
good I don't have such amazing wife for
us you said to little kid shoes out
together make a whole pizza but she does
not love you feeling good what are you
eating probably just eating some paper
you know how he does for a moment I
don't know what I was thinking to even
begin to think that I could fill these
shoes there's absolutely no way whatever
there isn't there's no way he's done it
before so I'm gonna go ahead and call it
quits this challenge is over for the day
yeah I failed
oh I guess I did I'll help you still of
course yeah is cutting the homemade
pizza looks delicious
see it's too hot to bite into your night
thanks all that is it no it might be hot
it oh wow
it's not delivery what's Nia
using his recipe is perfect this is a
baby why not
are you pushing a stroller like mommy
come to burn off that pits and you just
made that was a lot of calories and
we're burning we're burning honey
I see a little guy you need to the
 video and let you know he's so
cute
he looks like a little Cookie Monster
nervous yeah we walk a mile pretty much
every single day unless meetup unless
we're like out all day Sydney have fun
cutie I need a haircut desperately I'm
so tired of doing this I noticed someone
built some of the vlogs
look like an idiot when I go let me get
my opinion on your hair I love his hair
like that it is so sexy so manly and
just so hot what's wrong here's the man
they think now no your long hair to be
yeah this is hot this is hot to you
right here this is hot Bri I can't keep
up with you
from Easter that one's if he found a
tiny water gun
looks like a little cup of butter in the
oven inside will you pick me soon Sony
wants to do the chubby bunny challenge
so that's what we want to do from what
we learned the chubby bunny challenge is
every mind speaking right now young man
the chubby bunny challenge is stepping
as many marshmallows in your mouth
that's possible and saying
chubby bunny without biting or eating
them all understand just go get a shot
first up for the chubby bunny challenge
symphony pearl Raider are you ready for
the chubby bunny chubby yeah let's do it
so the object of the chunk chubby bunny
challenge you're going to stuff as many
of these in your mouth without eating
them you can't eat them yet okay okay
yeah fill up your mouth and then you got
to say chubby bunny okay all right here
we go come on boom ha ha ha all right
now say chubby bunny I guess a clearly
we can understand you can get chubby
bunny
good job ok can you now baby boom I'm
doubtful oh my gosh
all right mommy
keep going no yeah all right now eat him
oh she said it time for Abraham's do
chubby bunny yeah kind of a baby oh
honey oh he didn't Michael so how does
it feel to be the champion of chubby
bunny Oh No
if you like I'm a princess I'm tired
oh my god no don't you dare with that
again thanks for watching and don't
forget
we love you you got something at the
store would you get my god these are
strawberries and these are strawberries
and bananas
