Symphony and I are going exploring right
what where we gonna go in a yeah in our
field we're going in our field so I made
a little trail in our backyard we have
this wooded area that belongs to the
city and I'm just recently we've been
living in this house for about four or
five years yeah
we've been living here about four or
five years and I've never been through
these woods until recently I made a
little trail and I found an amazing
field behind our house and since I found
it I've done several photo shoots here
take this it's just beautiful just such
a big pretty field so much room and they
usually keep it mowed down there's
little areas to photograph in there's
some flowers are those the orange ones
hanging back yeah good job
Indian paintbrushes Indians is to use
them to paint to make pictures because
when you smash them on the ground it
makes the color orange we should try it
later
yeah okay you going now it's not long
can you yeah so of course I always bring
my camera along when I explore with
symphony you want to step on yeah why
because you said it's just fun
no if you smash it on the you got to put
it on pavement something hard well bring
it will bring a couple to the house okay
okay all right cool come on follow me I
got a cool place I want to take you to
see what's in here
big what I'm nasty yeah like on their
house what is that green thing on the
ground a shaped leaf yeah what there's a
shape looks like a kite oh it is a leaf
you are so smart
are you sure knows a leaf yeah looks
like it's a kite doesn't it so this is a
shot I kind of just got you're standing
right here with that tree behind her
I'll post it I'll put a link to it what
do you want to do now
what is that thing this right here what
is that yeah okay come over this way
won't we mix some of these with them I'm
not sure what the it'll look cool with
them watch whoops wait I'm gonna show
you something put them right in the
middle we'll pick some for mommy look
how pretty it looks with them do that
yeah if you want to I'll put a few of
the white ones but mostly yeah mostly
Indian Paintbrush what
so carry me
come this way it is some purple ones we
can mix in there just a couple put that
in there look how cool that is we're
making a huge beautiful who made that
beautiful Sun - Jesus God did yeah Jesus
is the same as God did you know that you
know what the Sun is it's a big ball of
gas he doing the millions miles away up
in space and it's just burning you know
like when we catch something on fire
yeah that's what the Sun is it's just a
big ball of fire and it makes the earth
warm and it gives us light I'm gonna
hold onto my neck tighter look up here
you see yourself oh yeah can you see
yourself yeah we found another beautiful
flower we got to add to it picked okay
now pick one mommy would love those
we're almost through the house as a
baseball you will bring the mommy okay
yeah I can't wait
for you thank you we got Indian
paintbrushes see that one the paint
let's go try it out okay my comfort
daddy you're a friend why you thought
there are real paintbrushes
what phony friend bring them down here
I'll show you okay I think they make
color I'm not positive but we're gonna
try okay
smash it with your foot smear it on the
ground like this I'll show you something
I guess I was wrong I'm sorry then what
do we do with him now that mom and put
him in water with their other flowers
yeah I thought they made color when you
smash him you gotta like smash him in a
bowl we're gonna try that let's try that
you got to break all the petals off and
put them inside the bowl don't want to
smash them up yeah there you go like
that
I mean India pimp rush has made a brown
color here sir I'm let you hold the
camera for me why pour it on here
pointing at the ground point it right
there why apart okay you got it
now you do it right
of our color brown take a pin with it we
may paint with our Indian paintbrushes
I know maybe we could get a paintbrush
are you all ready to use your new paint
car didn't show up because it's watery
it's not a great paint well maybe we
could make better paint one day okay
that'd be fine they're Indian paint
brushes right yeah sure and we could do
with other flowers too this is an alien
this is an arrow what are you painting
oh cool it is a monster so this is what
means Symphony ended up painting with
the Indian paintbrushes we wrote
Abraham's name she let us build dad
right there dad
I suppose I brought her name she made
little monsters she's so adorable so
this is what's going down right now
I'm sitting at the computer watching The
Adventures of Tintin my favorite
animated movie editing photos
I'm working on a wedding that is shut up
Sunday and Nia is over here making
wreaths for packaging wreaths are you
making race or just packaging this is
what we do when kids go to bed usually
we we hang out and we worked at the same
time see those are cool I love it
this one's probably my favorite what's
the pop-up toaster toast I'm gonna eat
my favorite snack toast with cream
cheese spread
honey honey nut cream cheese bread then
we're gonna prepare for you sure the
first word I like to dip it Oh what is
it that
you go honey
Merry Christmas this is me a snack she
gets toast breaks up into pieces I put
the setting on really hot tea so it's
nice and crunchy dip it in and then you
eat it
mm-hmm cast them strawberry
yeah it's strawberry this was too hard
as you sit out for a while hmm very
creamy like cream cheese the strawberry
flavor perfect you're evil
