good morning vloggers learning lack
Symphony and I are about to do something
special can you tell the camera what
we're about to do
we're about to big that restaurant it is
very yummy it's very yummy we're growing
a strawberry plant and our strawberry is
finally red it's exciting but what if I
need to wash it then even and putting a
bullet and just come where I am okay
where's it out look at little polka dots
on a cake there's 32 can't read they're
red as our strawberry see it just look
like something's been eaten on it what
could that be that's disappointing do
you think it's still okay to eat we're
gonna do it anyways pull it off be kind
of gentle about it hi cliff okay you
hold this and I'll finger I'll help you
twist and pull it's kind of yucky
looking but we'll wash it today has been
horrible yes I just got through crying I
was pulling into the Walmart parking lot
and there was a car going the opposite
direction and I know I was going the
right direction because she pulled out
from all from the opposite direction and
she stopped and she realized that she
was going the wrong way and she kept
trying to go and there was clearly not
room for both of us so I had to pull my
car over closer to the other cars that
are already parked like I had to just
kind of like wedge over because she
couldn't get by and she kept going like
she was obviously we were gonna she's
gonna hit me if I didn't so I sketched
my car over and obviously I didn't
realize how close I had gotten and she
slowed down then she started going again
and then she slept she was on her phone
she slowed down then she started going
again and so I just kind of like stayed
where I was at well once she got clear
of me I just like tried to scooch back
into the front of the lane and I didn't
realize how close I had gotten to one of
the trucks that were sticking out and
so basically I like sideswipe to that
truck and I'm really upset today has
been a horrible morning already just not
a good morning and then that happened
and I keep trying to make the best of my
day and it's just like not working out
for me check it out
how'd it go Symphony Walmart is good
what did we pick out today yeah we got
Logan a birthday toy or bursaries it
went very good this time
no screaming babies it was perfect we
were in and out pretty much it only took
about an hour we already paid for it so
that's okay hi Portia yeah isn't she
sweet she's like hey just got back from
Walmart
I'll show you follow me and I realized
that our roses in the backyard I'm
blooming so we're gonna go check it out
um so I took the car by an auto shop
near our house and it's gonna be fairly
semi inexpensive Amina
of course it's extra money that nobody
wants to spend but semi inexpensive to
fix the damage that happened this
morning Oh Sam is still asleep
I am so dreading telling him about that
I'm not known to be the best driver in
the world here are beautiful roses crash
was it scary no she was so sweet I was
crying and and she sat in the backseat
of the car and she said a prayer out
loud for me how precious is that it was
so cute it made me cry even harder ok
try it I'm I need a bowl no just pop it
in your mouth it's a little eat was it
good yes it was what's it taste like
strawberry nope yeah where did you get
that strawberry from their garden today
is my first day as soccer mom and I'm
getting my snacks ready for the little
players we have go-gurt
and Caprice on super V and all-natural
fruit crisps at the last name we went to
they had like potato chips and stuff and
we were like what the heck where's the
healthy snacks so this soccer mom got
the healthy snacks and the healthy
drinks these Capri Suns it's the super V
it's like the fruit and vegetable
version of preset so I'm just packing up
my bag here getting ready to go to the
game this is a night game it's at 6
o'clock in the afternoon or in the
evening and Sam has to go to work I'm
super bummed but here I am my cute
little Victoria Secret beach bag and we
are going to take some killer snacks and
win this game yeah here we go
dr. practice I mean soccer game
what do you think baby are you excited
are we gonna win
we are so going away
what are we gonna do today guys
Tiffany your coach is talking to you
it's time to sit out for a while as you
told me don't like yeah we also realize
that we both just put them into shoes so
like over here did you score a goal
tell me about it how did you do it
were you faster slow yeah like what like
a lightning bolt first time soccer mom
with the snack
Stephanie what is the turtle thing we're
gonna learn behind Cuffy one two three
so soccer game is over
the little turtles one yeah go turtles
um today I ended up telling Sam about
the car and he was a little bit upset
with me but he pretty much just said
that he's not gonna get it fixed unless
I can go six months without hitting
anything else so there's that and that's
pretty much it we just the soccer game
was great and first time being soccer
mom with bringing the snacks was awesome
I loved it it's kind of cool picking out
the healthy snacks at the store so
thanks for coming along and not on my
journey today and hope you guys all have
a great afternoon
so yeah bye
Symphony we're home you want to stay in
the car oh oh do you want to come in
here I'm just picking up just a little
nap
oh just resting your eyes if you want to
come in got me to carry you
you do okay
I'll cure you
