the Q&A Tuesday so we took some
questions yesterday exclusively from our
Facebook fans for our first Q&A Tuesday
everyone answers to those questions we
picked eight of them the first question
that I pulled from the list of about 80
questions was from Claire Hollis she
asks what are three qualities you want
your children to possess as they grow
older do you think they aren't red
already showing these values what do you
think I know for symphony I'll answer
the first one I want her to be brave you
guys already know I'm doing a 52-week
challenge with her I wanted to continue
to be a brave girl I want to I want her
to be separate from our culture that is
just selfish and I guess that's two
things I want to bring her to be brave
and I want her to be separate from the
self from this selfish culture and I
wanted to be able to be gracious to
people of generous to people and I just
want her to have a love for people for
symphony I would say I want her to be a
lady
you know polite young lady today you
know like girls of our generation
they're not very ladylike I mean some of
them are but you know for the most part
I just want her to have good values and
morals
you know she hits those teen years and
just be a lady
about a 3/4 mm/yr why him to be a godly
man moral a moralistic man who really
truly values what the Bible says a man
should be that's my first one do you
wanna do yeah I want Abram to be
confident on to not think what others
think of him constantly having this this
worry about what other people are
thinking so I definitely want to raise
him to be confident and just
self-assured that he put his trust in
God and that he doesn't have to fear
other people and that all he has to fear
is God so that's a 1 another quality
we'll just stick with two brave them for
now
oh well
so something up quickly I I get up when
the kids get up everyone that wind up my
nurse I pump every morning and then and
then I get up I make breakfast I don't
always like cook breakfast but I get
breakfast prepared usually start a load
of laundry during that time of the day I
drink a cup of coffee or to do some
school work with symphony after Abram
lays down for his nap I tried to get a
little housework done while she's doing
schoolwork if I can find a break in
there then we do lunch I take the kids
on a walk before lunch we usually walk
about a mile and we come home then we do
lunch
we have nap time after that and now
times a whole like 30-minute process we
read stories sing songs and then they go
to bed we praying yes then I get a
little bit of stuff done around the
house whether it be a wreath or laundry
or sweeping and vacuuming whatever while
they're napping then even when they wake
up we get Dinner started but same goes
to work I packed his lunch box because
coffee get all this stuff laid out his
clothes and then once Sam is going to
work it's kind of just repeat from the
morning cleanup okay well thanks Mia for
sharing your typical day with us miss
Seymour will do a vlog on that just for
you okay
her typical day and it'll be the theme
of it show discuss with your pullback
what great yeah
okay oh yeah what can do some a vlog of
sympathy playing at home she said okay
next question comes from Tara Ramsay
yeah
how does Nia balance her at home
crafting business and being a full-time
stay-at-home mom I do the same with hair
accessories and cannot find a balance
between the two for the life of me I
shouldn't say for life
that's a question how do you balance
your business with well like I said in
the previous question I didn't like that
one was coming up I say graduate but
pretty much when the kids are sleeping I
do read and about one day of each week
once a week one of our moms will help
with the kids or Samuel stay home with
the kids while I go get supplies and
pretty much I just crafts while they're
sleeping if they're napping I sometimes
I'll choose how slender crap the Reese
look when they go to bed and they go to
bed around 9 o'clock from 9:00 p.m. to
midnight sometimes 1:00 a.m. I'm making
wreaths and then symphony helps me box
them all up she helps me take them up
and then I pick one day out of the week
also and I go do my shipments at the
post office
and same time we can't all do that
alright there you go miss Ramsey those
are the questions guys what does this
one say Elisha Shepherd Elisha asks how
do you and Mia spin your long time once
the kids are in bed for the night then
we got personal
PS I'm loving the blogs I look forward
to it every day so how do we spend our
free time was the kids got bad news
well I think usually
what do you want Oh dinner oh okay all
right Alicia Alicia one no hopes better
time together so I think once the kids
go bad I'm usually working on computer
going photos or working on a blog here
lately and Mia usually goes in the same
room and does Reece this is how it's
been lately because we've been so busy
with photography and video and reads we
spend time getting the same room she
sits there makes her wreaths and I work
on a computer and we talk and we just
have a good time sometimes she'll get up
and sit with me in the chair we got in
there and sometimes we'll pull up the
office we love the show the office or
pull up a movie on Netflix and watch
that together but that that's the how we
mostly spend our time together when they
go to bed yeah thanks for watching our
blog so they should appreciate that
Katrina James what are you doing
challenge and what do you do another
video from frozen where you've been
discussing the challenge we would love
to take challenges from you guys in fact
when we do it on this one you guys can
leave some challenges for us in the
comment section below I'm not too
familiar with the YouTube world then I'm
sure a lot of you got some challenges
are and we'll just read them you guys
tell us what you what do you want to
challenge this with okay
you guys be creative and come up with
some friends for us James
Katrina James oh I'd sure want to know
what we do another video from frozen
I don't think so honestly I think we're
done with the frozen videos but we're
still wanna make more Disney you got lip
syncs but I think we're done with the
frozen videos we actually have been
working on another lip sync - Josiah
Andrews going there this one is for
singing assuming you're a true man what
is your favorite chick flick oh I think
I know I don't know what he's gonna make
I think so I would say I walk to
remember with Mandy born Shane West Sam
used to have a big crush on me anymore I
like that one but the one that came to
mind we ran out of space on the previous
car or something happened we're having
to start over from where we left off on
the last day so he asked what's my
favorite chick flick what do you think
much better chick flick is I think I
know what I think your favorite chick
flick is a lot to remember with Mandy
Moore and checklist that's a good one
Sam used to have a huge crush on me
anymore I still do kidding just kidding
no not my favorite my favorite is the
one where that guy dies and there's a
wife behind these letters a trove letter
tearjerker for me I mean that movie just
like reaches out and pulls tears out of
my eyes and just doesn't on my cheek and
so it's not really you know anything I
can control but yeah that one man thanks
for the question mr. Andrews you're real
you're true man for asking that question
thanks for watching our blog man so live
arraignment Sam where did you propose to
Nia you're the QS family I know by the
way in parentheses
thank you thank you Miss Franklin look
he's a cute name by the way
nice cute we had a couple more questions
this next one comes from the coal habit
go ahead read okay me highest a minion I
was wondering missed by all the
negativity in this world how do you
remain grounded in the Lord it's a good
question well it's definitely a team and
it's definitely a team effort to stay
grounded in the Lord we challenge or we
hold each other accountable daily and we
also surround ourselves or people who
challenge us with reading the Bible and
praying and also hold us accountable
throughout the week on a daily basis
also we're very careful about what we
put into our heads where you don't watch
and listen to just anything we don't
bring any kind of movie into our home we
don't go see just any kind of movie we
pay attention in the ratings and you
know the details of movie and such we
don't have cable in our house we never
have never will or satellite we just do
local TV and very rarely doing it for
now I think the only time we turn that
on is for American Idol well guys thanks
for watching our Q&A Tuesday yeah and
we'll be back next Tuesday for the same
thing we're going to answer questions
from different areas sometimes we'll do
it on YouTube or sometimes we'll take
questions from our Twitter or Facebook
so be sure to go like our fanpage bye
guys bye thank you and don't forget
don't want your own that door I didn't
know they did that anymore
thousand pani place they'll be realized
people and be totally strange Wow
