it's a beautiful day today this is the
best kind of day ever for me it's not
hot it's not cold it's not windy it's
perfect
so we're going garage saling I love it
where's the keys um you had them no I
had them I can't wait I got paid for a
wreath while ago so I've got a little
bit of yard sale cash so we're making a
family affair
out of going to garage sales yay so how
many people walk up to grata with a
camera in her face maybe two one two
before they got here let's see here
picture four
decorative crosses my mom does not like
this it seems it takes away from a true
do you like golf clubs okay
whoops they got a lot of pink shoes huh
I will buy something at this cross
though when pigs fly imagine it's kind
of cool these are kind of cool to have a
couple of Beatle signs of help and
imagine help need somebody imagine you
imagine need I got a new pair of
sunglasses a match I don't know if you
know we're only a dollar I would give
you the address to this place but they
probably wouldn't appreciate it right
probably appreciate that thanks for the
warning laughs wish I had a 13 dollar
price tag on it
and we got it for a dollar really cute
hard you got some carbs I love to send
cards Oh what let's go to another one
Sydney bye
are you going to another plane so we
spent a total $10 here that's not bad no
contrition there Aviators 100% UV
protection also two stainless steel so
they're very lightweight so we just
talked on side of the road we found a
very beautiful field of flowers that
matches the match symphony shirt
for me thank you there you go awesome
ah looks like we found another nutshell
we're gonna go check it out now all
right come on simpie Dimpy dumpy
come on sickly dippy dumpy yeah just for
this bit
so Symphony's looking for a bubble mower
well wow this is a huge mirror and it
runs those a mirror set me like this
mere 400 mm how much is the mirror
selling 450 bucks for a bedroom set this
is a cool hat simply's is a cool hat
just covert Martel number 3 so far
Symphony's down some little sponges and
we're just checking it all out okay I
think you look really cute in window so
we're at our sixth garage sale and we
have yet to find a single thing except
at that first one sunglasses and the
cards but I think these garage sales are
starting to become garbage cells okay a
punching bag go punch it punch it
yeah oh yeah oh no hate it look do your
fists like this I'm punching okay I'll
teach our punch laters all right go for
it honey don't hurt your wrist
ouch yeah yeah you guys going on a
mission trip we guys going oh cool to
tell about Jesus cruel the Broxson easy
doesn't it
well the whole world does like soda
cookies and mortar me I found a stool
and it has potential
it's only two bucks we just reupholster
it'll look good
I can revoke a holster that myself it's
kind of all believe it I could I could
uh stabilize it make it workable yeah
they just sold a store store with
potential explain to something what do
you aren't selling basically people want
to get rid of stuff to get new stuff
what do you find here pull-ups how much
are they three bucks a pack bucks a pack
this one's like 25 mile off yeah
everybody having fun at the garage cells
we're having fun yeah okay their garage
is literally full of food they got
carrots peppers breasts they have yeah
lettuce
they do they're bananas yeah oh that's
bread go fish oh yeah there's no no
Walmart here they're wal-mart clothes
out in the area interesting find at a
yard sale kind of creepy okay wait that
white toilet go try it out I want to see
if it works good see that white one
right there you had to go peepee right
did you have to go peepee yeah you did
sit let me turn it no bottom oh well
just try it out see if it works
oh did you fall in the hole no okay
where do you flush it at this place is
what we country folk like to call the
jackpot that's right honey
jackpot here hear me yeah Tiffany's
having fun fun and toys nice having fun
shopping for diapers and daddy's having
fun pulling toilets I like this little
mannequin except there's a horse that
was missing no it's right there it's not
missing it's just broken there it is let
me try to assemble this looking at power
did they just give that to you why is
everybody giving you stuff
hey Symphony come here I really want
this can you go ask him how much it is
maybe don't let you have that to hear
Tommy knows how much you care what free
Oh daddy's got a pay I found something
for Nia perfect for me yeah she used to
have a crush on this movie Nia found
something honey oh my gosh yours it's
for you it's only $3.00
thank you do you are I'm just doing my
stuff from it do you want not really I
was kidding I hope you don't want it oh
I used to want to see Wow I'll tell the
camera this I swore off Twilight for my
home
maybe we'll vlog about that later I used
to be a mayor go to I live in Venus
little mannequin it's generally for
artists to use as a model so you can get
the anatomy right whether drawing into
practice I've always wanted 101 I used
to ice to sketch but um they're always
too expensive so I never bought one and
now I'm getting it here for a dollar
I'm never gonna tell him that to getting
ripped
no like you ripped off its only daughter
not also huh what'd you find
cassette tapes quick comments topic is
this opening up a cassette tape it's
just like brings back memories
it's over just the feel of the way you
close it I remember I made you cassette
tape yes you I've made you several I'm
actually yeah high school I made you
them to have them so like I was telling
them up there they're professional yard
sellers okay now that is what you call a
yard sale there should be more yard
sales like that in this country those
people know what they're doing we only
spent eleven fifty for this bagful this
Dillard bag full of goodies so that was
success right there
I got a steal a steal is when you get
something so cheap you might as well
have stolen it but you didn't steal it
you paid I got these little jewels or
like bling for the letters that I put on
wreaths you blew the blame to the letter
and bling it out at Hobby Lobby the ones
that I got here are seriously like six
bucks and I got a package of them for 25
cents yourself that is a steal and I'm
excited about it
now we're heading to the next yard sale
so precious hey Rome is just loving this
this is his kind of day outside looking
at different things see new faces he's a
social bug it's just getting ridiculous
out here we found some pretty awesome
things and now we are gonna probably
just pack up and head home we're going
to drive around a little bit longer just
to make sure we don't see anything
really cool but it's just scorching out
here that was the end of our first
family yard sale trip first ever with
Abram thanks for coming along with this
that what makes a good yard sale when
these are like right now when you pick
up something you know it that way across
also fair price I think it should be
more than fair yeah more than fair like
a deal like almost a giveaway it's got
to be a good barnyard so like you I went
to warn yard sale where people were
selling
and stuff the drills are 80 bucks come
on who drops 80 bucks at a yard so
that's not like what you go out on a
random day you go
but those pull-ups that was apartment
$25 for that we hate three bucks guys
those work bargain I really was wanting
to find the new
not like a big full out dining set but
like just something's wrong with my
kitchen area
and so we did not find that
I just got one more thing to say thanks
for coming on with us to the are sales
guys and don't forget
hey by Symphony my tune in tomorrow for
more salmon Nia what do you feel
those Tinkerbell
yeah you're excited about them and
they're so awesome
