hey buddy what's wrong okay what is
going on
I almost got a nurse too baby
it's 1:30 in the morning and he's
demanding milk milky milky is it too
cold and anything your closes man a
little bit so it looks like today is
mommy-daughter day and father/son day
and Abram just woke up from his nap and
I'm preparing his lunch and doing a
little bit of multigrain cereal here
inside of the little one one one cup
measuring cup right here I do a little
bit of this and not putting a little bit
of sweet potato that's what we're having
for breakfast I mean lunch let me sit in
there that's when do you want
popping stop it can she get some of
those sure and then I'm gonna get a
large forget less than coconut mocha
latte with an extra shot of espresso
want to share a blueberry muffin with me
okay we'll do blueberry you'll pick what
we have this one you're right we haven't
played Ginga okay pick it Table four
they were his body here comes
there you go princess we are at bubble
bubble right now getting some breakfast
together it always Symphony gets these
little bubbles don't worry I am feeding
herd normal up some to my healthiest
breakfast we're gonna share a blueberry
muffin we're on our girl day and daddy
is watching the little man oh we did
this about 1/3 month or so here lately
no we haven't done it in a while I've
been in probably two or three months
since we've actually gotten out and had
like a real girl day um so we've got a
lot of stuff planned for today what's
our plan for today where we're at boo
boo boo boo aha and after this we're
going to DA now slime and then then no
like all right so that's our day we have
planned out for today sweet potatoes
aren't really doing it for him so I got
some milk that I need prepare for and
enforce to the left some good old breast
milk look again I got milk
okay I'm heating it up I'm looking I'm
working I'm working on market on we
could all use a swig of breast milk
right okay you're drinking to for this
money
so Abram doesn't do so great with me
right now I was in a stage where he
enjoys to look at me for me his arms he
doesn't he's not very content with me
holding him he needs slow down why
talking she was yeah it's a little bit
hard for her for her yeah it's a little
hot for me come on you don't put your
feet in right away
you just get in my lap okay oh it feels
great now feels great see so he just
woke up from a nap trying to get him
content so I can work on vlog or work up
some photos or work around the house do
something but this guy demands pretty
much all your time Nia I really
appreciate everything you do
Nia where are you when I need you
she's always all right I'm here okay
let's see if he needs a burp guys member
yeah that's a any suggestions from my
fans huh Eddie can anybody tell me what
I should do to make this little guy
happy what do we need to make you happy
buddy
you want another cookie I will go get
him a lot of cookie okay let's see if a
cookie will do it I have a feeling like
cookies go and do it
mommy you're getting me ate your nose
like that too why I'm gonna do in my
tongue Oh
well she's getting out of pink I feel ya
pain what do you call it what what do
you call it when she goes up panic -
yeah or what you always say she's in a
great job after that one she's going to
do the other room I think so yeah yours
she's going to do my yeah what you can't
okay
Oh
this is the first pedicure I've had in a
while I like getting pedicures sometimes
without my kids and sometimes I like to
take something this time I got real
training
he just wanted a baby cookie butter
shall we Wow
yeah
Oh lovely is it relaxing
it is AMD closer me right now who do
like my feet can feet wouldn't go to
sleep right now because they're so
relaxed yeah okay what's gonna happen
now
now policy Malone nail polish and lotion
it's a pretty girl off my leg so really
there's no big hurrying I'm getting
Abram to crawl where I have a hurry
what's the point now but it's something
for us to do together so I'm gonna get
these cookies and I'm gonna make it a
goal for him to come try to get him see
if I could get him to crawl Abram Oh
cookies can you come get the cookies
come on come get the cookies come on
come get him come on buddy oh there you
go
come on come on buddy come on Oh
Abram you almost did it buddy don't give
up you want that off he wants him so bad
he wants him come on buddy come on come
on
okay come on come on don't get the
cookies go kill him come on buddy
oh man he wants to do it so bad
hey bro don't give up buddy don't give
up come on no I don't know if it's gonna
happen now my turn though the princess
is all done getting her toes come get
the cookies we are now at the library
before Abram was born symphony and I
used to come here weekly every Thursday
we came to the library hold on one
second let me close the door and lock it
and since you've been born we actually
have not come back that's a long I'm a
little bit regretful about that but it's
hard to find time to come to the library
without a baby and a library place to
bring a baby such as Abram because he
can be very very loud whether he's happy
or sad and I love him for that but it's
just not the place to Rivet
a little bit they can get even support
do you want to play indoor things to do
with your seven-month child things to do
with the seven month old baby by eurocom
they suggest at this stage many babies
start to express the desire to feed
themselves he's already been doing that
for a while is he young and still yummy
all children love to be read to I
thought about that I guess I could do it
read him a book bath time is a great
time for babies to explore because cause
and effect I'm not going to give him
bath time he gets that before he goes to
bed baby love to look in mirrors that's
what I'm going to do babies love to look
in mirrors they look they like to see
their faces and watch how the image in
front of them copies what they are doing
it is a way for them to learn more about
themselves cool I'm going to play with
Abram in the mirror you gotta click it
push the green button
okay you can do doornail so Symphony and
I have been working on early reading
okay and she's learned how to spell a
new word in the past few days so
Symphony how do you spell the word cat
see hey good job give me fine and what a
CAT spell good job okay so now you want
to get a puzzle yeah hey take me to the
puzzles oh gosh
so I found a mirror I actually took this
mirror one of the mirrors off the closet
door right here they easily come off
they easily go back on and a room is
gonna explore him here you ready he's
excited he was having fun with the
mirror do you like the mirror he does
like the mirror can she get a puzzle
yeah go pick one up what are you gonna
get it there over here oh you like that
Mickey Mouse puzzle
great job
to Abraham's you guys a cute little
clean this mirror sure but what you like
this huh
he likes here look hey doctor when I got
at the Liberia
oh cool did you have fun mommy he's
experimenting with mirrors huh he's
experimenting with mirrors
oh hey take my shoes off
okay uh shaky bottom he's playing on the
mirrors like my bright nails did you
shagged out of your toes pretty medals
thank you Sam you look at my toes damn
Newman eyes oh I like my nails I think
they're beautiful
my eye bandages fell on there what else
did you go to do try to get him to crawl
a little bit and kurtz him to crawl oh
he did miss me a went to bed
I over really big fine
