so Andrew thinks joggle burgers amazing
so I think that's where we're going to
go they steal your money watch your
credit card they charge you twice what
another credit card kept messing up the
machine so I actually did charge me
twice so what did you eat that the pound
burger one pounder the guacamole burger
is actually really good all right you
know why are you really like six bars
okay so that were you gonna go sure
maybe was that Nana's house hey and
we're trying to start where we want to
go eat cuz she's not with us no that's
not really reason why but we want to go
eat somewhere good cuz I'm in a good
mood
Nia's in a good mood Abraham's in a good
mood we have one less child makes things
easier so we're going to go eat
somewhere and I think we're going to go
try a new burger joint up here in a
little town called uh jumbo burger they
have a contest I'm gonna try to talk Sam
into doing it a contest for like a five
pound burger ain't it happening ain't no
happening ain't and she makes fun of me
then I have a speech impediment
yeah he has a speech from head and eyes
I can't and say ain't happenin right
what what a speech impediment is where
you can't say your R's are you or your
elves no it's so true bitches where you
can't say the phrase ain't no speech
impediment I think is any kind of speech
impairment is what I mean
I have a speech impairment I have
difficulty getting my words out of
mongaul we all do sometimes yeah but I
have a problem honey I have a pretty
consistent problem I think it's a
mixture of dyslexia and a DD and what
what's so funny what's so funny cuz you
were reading just through when you
sitting happening what was what what
what's that doing this you were reading
his hedges out I forgot dyslexia is a
disorder of work of words but still are
you know but I have that issue and I
think it kind of Tran
plays into um verbal communication so
cute so we're gonna go to jungle burger
just and you guys could come with us
yeah come with us come come on vlog
girls come I mean we're the vloggers
come vlogger Watchers cooking off this
laughs please I assess them out for you
okay yeah we're all in your water hose
it out yep I got it all set up for you
honey clean up the front yard while
you're gone I put out new water hose see
we got a little miniature one now I
don't the mess with that huge long water
hose that frustrates me every time I got
a Oh annoying I'm like it's just like
who
why even water the flowers is probably
why our stuff dazzles alright I guess
I'll start recording now Oh morning Eva
put your shoes on we kind of match every
time we go out and he tries the matches
today it just kind of hack we kind of
match on accident
Cromwell body mwah shown a lot of
swabbies we've got a lot of teeth coming
in we got one on the side there no no
Sarah but Bates
alright go but Tim talkies what
go get the car keys
action
alright who do you see over oh cool
hey guys I chase
so this is chase your couture blog for
vlogging our update another hey buddy
well he's gonna be I'm seeing you guys
in a while it's been like a couple
months since we were battling so chase
what's good buddy
what burger
what burger I really don't
Jenny you got the bacon burger no no
he's good ma'am I'll take the jungle
burger the jungle burger please
I just want to make sure you have our
camera and I want the sauteed onions
mushrooms jalapenos bell peppers
American Provo and cheese with Mayo
ketchup Hickory sauce mustard lettuce
tomato bacon and bigger please
so basically everything else yes please
how do you guys fit that in a single
burger
second on top of each other okay am I
going to be able to seek money deep into
it um I would love to take a video of
you doing that all right cool got a deal
then cool honey what are you getting
Hickory burger she'll take the Hickory
burger thank you laughing do you want
marsala sausage potato fries yeah what's
your name my name is Jennifer Jennifer
and Jennifer trick goes up boom that
camera is amazing it's very cool yeah
12:32 truck
often being Monaco's I'm gonna know
you're busy or anything are you
it actually will be going on our
youtubes on your YouTube we have a vlog
I um whenever in the newspaper really we
were yeah we could walk down they saw me
on YouTube now yeah yeah we do the
Cooper over there then we're here um we
want our waitress on them so thanks
Jennifer
go get your food and be back with y'all
cool thank you
yeah Jennifer what we got
oh wow look at that yeah that's not
going to my belly not the whole thing at
least wow that looks really good look at
that no maybe I could pick that your lap
and hickory cheeseburger kind of figure
out the best angle to folks this
ginormous burger I think I'm going to
draw this angle one bacon strip George
angle let me get that all right
that's good what very jungling let's put
it on a napkin holder and everybody can
just watch us eat for the next 45
minutes so we have these sweet potato
fries and they gave us a marshmallow dip
to go with it marshmallow marshmallow
nice no it's really good I cannot finish
my burger like I said look how much I
have work look Tim that right there
looks like he's trying to get my burger
check please
here you go $20 $20
here you go here's 20 for you okay are
you serious yeah we really appreciate
your service you did a good job looks
like you're having a rough night so so
go buy you some ice cream afterwards and
have fun with your kids okay it's just
20 bucks but hi that 20 bucks will go a
long way for a cool I'm glad okay for
the service we'll see you again the food
is good no keep it all it's all yours
yeah thanks all right we're cool thanks
see ya one let's go oh okay so know
we're a big lunch bear we need a box of
crayons along here box of Crayolas let's
go get me so here's Nia's mindset when
she go shopping okay she comes to the
store and she sees something that says
50% off and it's cheap so she says her
her logic is it is cheap you buy it
whether you need it or not if it's cheap
be honest you all do the same thing she
wanted to buy sure she wanted about her
another Easter basket really cuz it was
cheaper
that was a logic it's cheap I said no
isn't he that Easter's over but it's
cheap I mean anyone the car do you give
this logic I'm just a toboggan Freeman I
need to look at the firm Parashar
yeah we're slinging around I want to go
look at furniture but there's an
oversized there's an oversized chair
right here been wanting one hey here's a
table that's actually what I really need
they're gonna show right here how sweet
of that shopping I'm not even in here
for anything particular Abram wanted to
see me did you miss you mama rose Sam
wants a look at the rugs what do we need
a rent for hey um I put her up yeah I
want to put a robot ass in a cartoon
we're looking for a rug for the dining
room slash computer room slash craft
room slash play room slash music room
slash photography studio slash office
office slash library so flash TV
watching area
I mean movie watching area oh hey this
is a guitar on it it's got a big huge
small teeth skulls
I love skulls oh honey you and your
school's kidding I love skulls I'd love
the human anatomy all right you're going
to show you around
well I can get it it's gonna fit a baby
look at these guns huh uh he's funny
putting the camera side of the rug on
the glass the store clerk if she has
extra thick toilet paper
hello how you going
I got still the extra-thick toilet paper
like your extra resilient we just have
to you just like one square instead of
wrapping up in your hand um if we do
it'll be on the wall right there whoa
you want to put that my heart oh no I
get I got it Oh preciate it
you're so silly and then what's the
extra thick toilet paper the kind that
you know to rub them hand they said it's
on the wall over here but I'll make four
like really strict card we're going is
like one one pipe light well I know all
of our toilet papers back here I don't
know what one would be right huh
thick enough for what what you're asking
oh okay I got you see all of our toilet
paper is just right here I know oh
there's a double oh yeah man do you have
like the triple plight old paper
triple-ply need do we need toilet paper
I can't find the triple-ply that you're
looking for he's so looks like you only
have the double ply toilet paper not the
triple I usually like the triple but oh
well see this is what happens I get off
work they cut my shift today then it cut
it asked me if I want it off because
that too many staff so I said yeah a
free day of course so I took off and
what do we do we drop a hundred bucks
like it's nothing but it is something
we'll suffer the consequences well guys
thanks for watching the vlog today we
enjoyed you guys coming along with us to
Big Lots and checking out jungle burger
for the first time yeah so thanks a lot
for you yeah um peace out and don't
forget we love you I'm gonna do that
every time
is it cool it's not that cool yeah I
think that's something an outro it
looked really cool in the last ball I
was like they look so cool we do that
love you
like a good kiss with screaming baby in
the background that's how we got him
loose please do not get that it is long
oh my gosh you've got to get this app
time Hawk one year ago today I wrote on
Facebook tomorrow I'll be getting
supplies for Reese
please message me if you would like
something made within the next few weeks
blah blah blah blah blah I seriously
made that same post today about getting
wreaths like exactly your go today I
made the same post as I did today
