your next photo shoot and you're gonna
wear that one for the first photo shoot
we are getting ready to go on a photo
shoot today
we're not really a photo shoot we're
actually going exploring you mean your
next Explorer exploration spot yeah
we're going exploring today so Symphony
and I are at our first exploration site
it is a Airport a little community
airport now looks really fun to explore
and show her a little bit about
airplanes asking can we check out his
garage whoa cool isn't that awesome
he's giving it he's giving it an
airplane wash gonna go in hey Mel's
wonder if you mind if I show my daughter
around
okay cool is this is this your girl
who's Dusty's friend are you talking I
talked about in the movie airplanes
don't look at the plane again
what is all that
I don't know peace you know if you shoot
with that but it's pretty cool stuff huh
a lot of that oh maybe maybe when he was
painting the plane he made a little mess
okay
good observation sit they look that cool
light over here
well not the seatbelts I don't know
where the seatbelts are maybe they're
not on there yet
you don't like beetles
you don't like beetles okay this right
here look at this you know what that is
it looks like an oxygen tank oh yeah
there's a Phillips screwdriver
correction so does that one I'm sure
look at all these tools aren't they
awesome here's a bunch of screwdrivers
huh
to have a lot of screwdrivers it was
okay Allen wrenches that's what those
are called allen wrench that must be a
screwdriver caught you what a blow
what's a Blauman you're so creative
these are those are the masks those
those are what you wear to protect your
eyes yeah they wear those wonder work
hmm it looks like a theme thingamabob er
that's what that is actually I think
that's a Jack I think that's a Jack
that's what they rest the airplane on
yeah
like when they're working on it they use
that to to hoist it up off the ground so
Symphony and I just did our first
exploration for the day this one made it
for last week the one I missed because
for some reason I had thought I'd
already did it that week so I have to
make it up today so I just took on the
first one now we're off to go to a
second location
to go exploring right Symphony and the
whole purpose of this is to expose my
daughter to things outside of her normal
environment I want her to see things
that she usually wouldn't get to see
and owner exposure to dangerous
situations
maybe not dangerous but risky situations
and I want her to learn to trust put her
trust in me and put her trust in God I
wanted her to learn to be able to take
risks and I've said this a lot better in
writing so I'll put a link down below
and you could read about what this up
what this whole exploration weekly
exploration thing is all about
it looks awesome here it does look
awesome here so I've been driving by
this place every now and then on my way
home from church and every time I go by
it it's closed and I thought it would be
a really cool place to take symphony to
it has all the elements I'm looking for
okay one sec has that urban look it has
it has a element of danger it looks kind
of risky it's dirty
and again when I'm trying to promote and
Symphony is bravery built on build honor
characteristics of curiosity
and her desire to look around
and to encourage her to take in
everything around her so this is we're
at right now yeah they are and this is
going to be the location that we're
exploring it looks like an old wood mill
or something but there's still crates
here it looks like they make dog houses
so we're not going for the dog houses
because we're going for that go check
out that old factory
it is coloring factory a coloring
factory I can use a tiny factory oh
maybe we'll go check it out yeah what
are you looking at
we had a glass with a look around do you
like this place isn't it crazy out here
it's really dirty huh yeah dangerous you
do this is what a lot of people work
they work on these sticks and they make
stuff out of them you're gonna go in
there
cool place huh
don't ask what we go look around go ask
em come
so can we go exploring stars oh cool
let's go back out here we got to go okay
because this is private property and I
said we can't stay here okay so the new
people those are called pallets not
crates I'm gonna good what are they
called
they look like two by fours can you say
2 by 4 cube wife
yeah and those over there are called
pallets can you say pallets talents
what are palettes for to load stuff on
him that's what they load stuff on -
pretty cool place huh
we just asked them if we could look
around and they told us it was private
property but if the fence is wide open
as you can see they said we're not
really free to rock walk around without
calling and getting permission I
generally don't like to do that I think
we're gonna walk around a little bit
more anyway just walk down a little bit
more let's come over here look at all
these pallets do you see anything cool
that's how horses stuff yeah as we know
hora fee so one of the world's I live by
when exploring this what
go to the color machine I'm gonna get my
dog in color okay
okay once it all right so one of the
rules I live by when exploring don't ask
for permission just ask for forgiveness
and that's kind of what just happened I
didn't ask for permission to go in there
and explore but I told them I was sorry
for doing without permission well I
think we got some cool shots out of it
it was kind of a a curtailed exploration
but better than nothing
Tiffany's getting really hot so now
we're going to go to Nana's and she's
gonna stay the night there
we had a good time together we had a
good time right symphony
did you know you can always trust your
daddy huh yeah who's your hero me yes
yes yes
