what you got since food coloring what
are you doing up there bacon laughs
Tiffany baby baby he's discovered his
feet in hands recently haven't you buddy
you've discovered your hands and feet
huh yeah Easter eggs so it looks like
we're calling our Easter eggs inside of
mason jars is that a red one right there
I think that one might be Peters drop
what is the true meaning of Easter
I like the colors because they're so
beautiful quick I like the purple in the
pink Easter eggs on Easter is this she's
so distracted by the Easter eggs and not
really knowing exactly what Easter is
all about so this year I've been
thinking we should do instead of doing
an Easter Egg thing on Easter and I've
been thinking about we do east of my
trips we do the Easter egg hunts and
Easter Egg coloring and Easter baskets
all on a Saturday before Easter so on
Sunday we can focus on the true meaning
of Easter which is the resurrection
Jesus Christ well the only thing about
that is that
since I was a little girl we've been
going to the same Easter egg hunt at my
new mom's house you don't even know my
mom's past issues and I just have one
different suggestion because I know that
there are no Easter egg hunts that you
know my family partakes in on Saturday
and that it would be like impossible to
like to like redo that on the Saturday
before when we're coloring Easter eggs
or doing candy whatever the whole time
you're doing it don't focus on oh these
colors the beautiful focus on we're able
to do this because Jesus died on the
cross for us and rose again and like
what Sam said you know this and that
like just don't focus on the task at
hand I agree in a way but I still think
it's very distracting for a child like
that's distracting on what real meaning
is and just what do you guys think what
do you guys do for Easter how do you
keep your kids from getting distracted
from the true meaning of Easter what you
all know is the resurrection of Jesus
Christ we're getting ready for bed all
the kids are asleep and we're getting
ready to put their Easter baskets out by
their bedroom doors
dreams
I'm happy Easter
in my own sweat bladder inside them
babies down there baby snack babies now
what's inside your Easter eggs you like
step baby room you got an empty Easter
Egg hey nobody wants an empty Easter Egg
for Easter so that was so yeah that was
what did you think when you saw basket
biter door when we woke up here yeah you
don't be able to see a blue on the tip
alright guys well Happy Easter
we're gonna go to church soon okay and
go learn about Jesus and him raising
from the grave yeah we are today's
church oh yeah that's right but it's
still churchy cheating and going to a
park we're having our service at the
picture at that Park so at the
amphitheater at Harry Meyers Park and
walk walk
get ready through the Easter service
and worked out perfectly we're here
early we're never early for early tang
I am also the photographer so I'll be
shooting this is the service
sonic beaming right now real hard pretty
early I had to put sunscreen on my nose
because lately it's been just like
crispness on it because I put
hydrocortisone cream on it makes it
makes it extra sensitive to the Sun
simply what are you doing what are you
counting
like you're carrying something Abrams
already upset we picked up nan on the
way she doesn't like to drive she just
can't see at night very well here's the
showing quite a bit people so far three
minutes early
no that's cool there's Sam let's go say
hi to Sam gonna be on the blog nice and
shiny whatever so tell us a little bit
about yourself today it's Easter Sun the
beneficent Allah but I'm hoping keep
rowing
we're got 11 be used to ministry awesome
what's mom doing over here are we good
let's go stay out of bow come on I'm
gonna go say I had about it's really
windy though that's a good so Mike
good so did you comb it on the last vlog
I did yes if you like our pipeline that
recording I liked your kite-flying
I didn't really do much I just held it
you did a good job though
holding it get the right angle you know
making sure everything was covered the
front back view did you see my response
to your comment said he said that was
Katie's kite they forgive my
girlfriend's kite nurse and I thought
that was your lady bouquet well unless
she passes it on to me then maybe it's
my guy this communion so Easter day is
over and I am getting ready to go to
work
Tiffany I'm sorry sweetie but Easter is
over how do you feel about that the pink
the really light flowers that the lari
lari really white like pink ones are
starting to die any last words today was
great and I'm so thankful for Easter
that Jesus rose again for us and amen to
that
mm-hmm and don't forget people
or their marker letting you put your
camera in there cuz I want to get your
first reaction in the
