well today Nia and I are going to a
birthday party the pastors and the
pastor wives son Knox they're having a
kite-flying party I'm excited about that
I love flying kites well he's getting
ready in here with a broom playing a
tissue wrap
birthday present ready for not Scout is
a talking teddy bear is it now talking
puppy dog comes from a cartoon well
anyway so I'm gonna try out the vlog in
a car today gotta get out of that have
it I'm starting to do that a little too
much I think we're meeting Symphony
there she's with my mom right now so
I'll see you guys on the kite flying
fields for a day of kite flying okay
thanks for watching guys see you soon
Nazis birthday party now minute really
cool hamburgers on a stick
we've been trying to fly some kites out
here very cheaply made kite suits very
hard here's the cheaper kites have to
try to fly here's a yellow one come on
Chris all right better than I got
oh why he's got a cheap kite up in the
air good job man
Oh about the hip tree I think this
because yours has three tails on it yeah
mine didn't have a single tail on it
mine's a weird one oh wait somebody got
a a tray up there
but I think they kind of took a ride
with this spider-man I want it to what
else you going strong enough let it go
bro
yeah I have a case you can hear better
without the case that way if it drops
yeah I think you're still probably will
let it go then we'll shoot the blow of
the airsoft gun before it gets away yeah
a minute if you miss I make sure no evil
is like a bomb or trying to like kill
all the ones made a fighter kites heart
yeah these are a real challenge I
finally figured out that mine was put
together wrong yes that was mine put it
together and she's brought it to me like
yes that was it catching any wind yeah
that's the same problem mine trip fly
upside down see yours is doing good holy
smokes
oh that thing give these guys that hot
about they're breaking the wind so we
are going to attach my GoPro to this
airplane kite with a propeller on the
back attach it to the bottom of it so if
the GoPro falls and breaks by GoPro get
an aerial view of the party
he's gonna clear yourself up a hill I'm
gonna attempt to get this ladybug kite
in the air simultaneously vlogging this
little guy real kite there we go all
right
guys know what I mean Mike yeah you got
to go pretty good distance sir now
what'd you get the bug up there it's
time to just kind of you know feel the I
feel the pull of the kite just enjoy it
in your arms and in your back you know
see how I'm doing that I think this may
be my new exercise for this week you
know
maybe three four hey check this out man
so I guess we could just attach it to
the fence now so it doesn't or hand it
off to my he's got the with the phone
the trees no remember you gotta keep the
slack out of the string right keep the
sprite out of the string luster but Mike
and I was some stabilize those if so I
don't know so here we have some
Brazilian snacks what are these called
I'm sorry what do you got babies okay
that's what the call
these are actually bought what are they
covered in wrinkles chocolate sprinkles
and fudge is it fudge oh maybe not
whatever it is it's good little
chocolaty what are these called same
thing hop I out like pronounce that
Brazilian must have sat a birthday party
Oh what are you eating brother it's a
it's a Brazilian bell x-1 soon maybe you
try those watermelon what are you eating
now now they're almond in the center of
these yes there it is okay there's like
I had a little more of a crunch right in
the middle
not doing an Easter egg hunt we're doing
a kite-flying party there's Symphony
Symphony you're our Easter service for
church so but what are we really
celebrating here today cuz you know not
just to younger appreciate it
what are we really here celebrating the
extreme and creative efforts of a mother
yeah that's what I'm saying I was
recognizing you guys in a year of work
you've done it yeah
Knox was born and she was began planning
his first birthday oh really
she's like nursing him on day one she's
like we're gonna have got a dream so
sippy I'm talking you ladies are you
tangled up are you dying are you dying
here
there we were vlogging we're going to
take a picture side of this crying there
all right
what does that do what you got to do and
then make a wish
your skit up with procede for dress make
a wish what did you wish for
yeah it's not your birthday today
today's is nacht birthday he gets to
open presents not you okay good job blow
the rest of it good job type part is
over knees ready to go she's been
holding Abram all day Symphony what's up
looks like you got choked up every time
we come to the car said that he knows to
stand by the circle and not to go
anywhere else around the car and she's
so good about obeying us she stands just
right at the circle don't you say where
you come every single time good job why
do you go there no she doesn't
