we're getting in the car inside we're
kidlets
has everyone else with a toddler in the
house had their house overcome with doc
mcstuffins
because we have we can sing the songs
it's just like time for you to check up
it's ok if you can call them ffunny xiv
enhan a doc mcstuffins themed
four-year-old birthday party it's not
gonna be for a few months but I've
already been on Pinterest looking up
some cool ideas and themes for that
so I guess don't make stuff into the
theme but I've been getting some crafty
projects in my head I'm gonna have a
little station set up around some kind
of room anyway
doc McStuffins land over here at the
Rader house this evening every just
pooped all over the guy the famous ant
Ritchie is here hi hey Rachel when you
introduce yourself to our vlog hi I'm
Rachel I'm Sam's sister Rachel makes
customized jewelry so Rachel's here to
babysit the kids I'm gonna go have a
little girl time with Sandeen we
actually have a couple other Rachel's in
the family but this is the og Rachel's
like the sister that I always wanted and
never had we're so girly and just like
kind of dumb together do we like to
snack a lot and crafts woo me these are
all her Looney she made oh wow that's
cute las' Oh cute oh you're welcome
say my name it does say you're new well
I just pretended this and measured each
piece while I could have a measure board
cutting measure board and that's how I
made that and just you cut all the
pieces out mm-hmm clay mm-hmm where'd
you get the clay Michaels are Hobby
Lobby so it's already wet clay what's
not way voice Claire I mean well
actually it's kind of hard how do you
mold it you have to keep rubbing it in
your Hanson I think I'm gonna have
really strong hands after this how do
you harden it
you bake it in the Sun nope in the oven
and your oven at home a conventional
oven yep and I made these and then some
of them I glazed with to make it look
shiny okay he's not happen very often
but tonight Sadie getting our mommy on
yeah we're pretty much just going to
dinner who knows we might go to Target -
you know how we roll but as you see no
we're normally vlogging in Sam bought
this car when he was in college and so
it's like our backup car and he has to
go to work tonight so he takes the big
car and his little brother who lives
with us takes this car to work in the
morning
so yeah it's just like totally family
back up car right now so how you totally
do not like taking this car but it's
worth it to have some mommy time so I'm
heading to pick up sandy right now
this time before all you youtubers out
there chop my head off um so anyways I'm
totally a seatbelt where it's not the
easiest thing to do girl in the camera
anyways Sam cut that out so I'm wearing
my awesome jewelry that my sister-in-law
made me to me fun when you get a little
bit of free time like away from the baby
you're just like so excited to wear that
one piece of clothing that you
absolutely can't nurse and comfortably
well this is that item for me it's a
chevron dress and the back is really
cute it's got like a huge bow I'm sure
you guys have seen them they're like all
over you know those boutique stores on
the internet mine specifically though
came from the lace boutique it's like
huge right now they're like
breastfeeding is like a trick or
something even though it's like a way to
nourish your baby it's totally trendy
any of you if you are a nursing mom
probably gonna know what I'm talking
about because it's it's not it's no
longer just like just a way to nurture
your baby it's totally like a trend and
some people like you're good at it you
can be bad at it apparently and people
let you know if you're doing it bad and
it's like it's kind of a vicious world
in the breastfeeding world I've come to
learn but anyways more
more on my mommy not out later another
funny fact about me is that when I Drive
down the road I look at everybody's
front doors to see what their wreaths
look like or if they even have a wreath
I'm here to pick up my awesome date
slash best friend I'm gonna go to the
door and knock on the door since I don't
have kids with me just like get go get
her I'm at Sandy's house this is her new
/ old house she just moved back into so
I'm checking out oh my mirror looks
awesome this was a plain mirror and
added some Chevron to and frame oh my
gosh sure made their own frames this is
awesome oh yes and sandy took those
photos we're getting in the car but we
are tablet I was gonna wait to get out
of the car cuz I feel like we've been
vlogging in the car a lot but we're
stuck in traffic anyway so why not um so
here's a little layout for our mom date
for tonight
first we're gonna take a trip to the
AT&T store
I need a new phone why'd you kiss
Snippets I needed help and the card to
grab something at large so I put the
phone down I just phone down what that
bleep about yes without looking you got
to get out of the car and symphonies
like monkey listen to frozen so of
course me like look cooler so she was to
grab my smokes to grab the phone I have
submersed it in the melted snow car I
had only had this phone for literally
like four days and so I don't like freak
out about stuff usually I mean like I
could freak out like if it's a bug she
freaked out so sandy ran into Walmart
and I was in this car the kids and I'm
pretty sure the kids thought I was
having like I said I'm kind of like mega
meltdown because I was like like it was
horrible it was just awful I was crying
and now looking back on it like it's
just a phone and now we get a mommy fun
day to go get a new one and have some
dinner
but yeah it's totally a funny story
where AT&T we got an appointment like
five minutes late we have a good deal
going on they got a good deal going on
she says so here we are we're gonna go
hop in line the writing on our names on
a list or something that they needed
online
we're waiting on some stuff to go
through
we just left the AT&T store you're not
allowed to videotape in there yeah I got
in trouble Sam yells don't put anything
in there we're gonna get sued so we are
Bistro bin 303 this is our first time
here they think about and that you close
at 9:30 ish doing weird stuff on them
yeah sorry no I have a video camera
okay I'm certain feeling classy so I'm
gonna turn this up we are at bin 303
I wonder why they called it that around
Olive Street but we won't be when you're
seeing this YouTube videos come even
worse
you know I always do like want to say
where I'm at on my someone's gonna look
for you but I'm gonna be looking for me
but I'm gonna be there if you search so
it doesn't matter
I mean I got the same dish it's called
smothered chicken it looks delicious
