Oh God
let's go see the little guy hey guys
whoa your baby drew oh look how he looks
at you sippy he love you so much
look at him looking for you
these are that's pretty good for the
weary pretty good cute outfit is it too
much for nothing that looks good okay we
are getting ready to go take some
professional pictures of Abram Symphony
and the blue bonnets blue bonnets are
the official Texas flower and during
this time of year they grow bountiful
all over Texas so we are going to go
find a spot I have a couple of spots in
mind and we are going to go get some
cool video vaneman flowers and some
pictures whoa this is where you're
taking our paradise mommy open the face
Wow good job you're pro I grew up in the
country
xlq
three learn fix your bow way over there
I wish we had brought a diffuser or
reflector a little bit of harsh lighting
out here take them after way a little
bit
brought the bluebonnets I'm using my
GoPro first time to do what I really
just took like five little steps taking
steps for the first time with help of
course obviously always family that's
his family
yeah so I found this place one day just
driving by for a for a photo shoot a
couple years ago but um once when I came
out here waiting for him to show up
I waited for like 30 minutes and they
cancelled on me so I came out here and
just shot some shots and landscape
photos and it's stuck in my head ever
since so here we are we're back here and
I just love this place
Oh
so this is Abraham's lion outfit I call
him my little lion man Abram hey little
guy hey guy oh I love you did it did
dude I wish I could be in the shot with
you guys but that's the price you pay
marry a photographer honey so we're done
take your photos in the bluebonnets now
we're going to go to sweet frog that's a
frozen yogurt restaurant frog is an
acronym for a fully rely on God I'm just
think it's so awesome that a chain could
put God out there like that and so we
support it 100% I'm not sure if it's
just local or if it's something that's
national wonder if you guys have heard
of it is anybody else sort of sweet frog
I know they're in several places around
here in the Dallas area in Texas but I'm
not sure it was natural but anyway
that's generally what would take
symphony when she does something good or
something that we're proud of would go
to treat her to sweet frogs and she
loves it there what's she doing
nursing everyone trying to see me heard
my voice
why are you always so excited he's just
so excited to be alive
Stephanie what do you know a baby new a
baby new yeah they bring milk and while
you get a baby and listen new this is
the baby also a new baby this is uh um
um new this is a baby today is the new
interesting I think what she's
describing there is an embryo if she
doesn't really know it then they have
the green one
yeah because you're a boy put on the boy
I'm gonna have the green Cup because I'm
the boy Sydney will call are you having
okay what are you getting Tiffany oh
just mr. bubbles
mental bubble
or
I generally like to stray away from the
chocolates because I just feel so just
sick to myself I eat too much chocolate
so I don't feel exercise to work out but
I like to maintain my health so I'm
gonna go with blue kind of candy did you
get I got cake batter with chocolate I'm
not done putting my toppings in it looks
good and the total is
we have one of these things for a free
one we have a couple of them are here
too can you stamp one of those yeah I'm
starting to wane Saturday okay you
suggested I put cheesecake bites in it
on my blue cotton candy you got go VIN
you a pinch not bad it took you really
good I usually get Oreos with brownies
but I try to I decided to branch out get
something different
still got my brownies though brownies
and ice cream is like my favorite
dessert so it's pretty good I got
snickerdoodles
lot of cinnamon in it I really like that
way to say Amen in the cake batter go
together symphony blog about yours tell
us about it I need to face Piper
okay
alright alright this time and I got a
bubble a strawberry and jelly bees
chuckles you still going back for more
Oh
you see this hour
we do frequent diner card frequent
Frogger frequent firecracker so symphony
had her third birthday party here at
sweet frost it was awesome
did you have a good birthday party here
she said yes it was awesome behind that
baby wipe
you know I find sometimes when I'm in
places like letting our kids run around
I sometimes get like funny looks like
that girl okay Symphony that's enough
switching back over here but you don't
really like you just gotta let kids be
kids we're reading a frozen yogurt shop
like really fun I think that these days
day and age we're just so uptight about
what everyone's like society is right
when you stifle your kids too much
that's when they become rebellious
that's when they become you know angry
and like head up and they want to just
like get it all out you know I think at
home we teach them boundaries and it
teach them what they need to know but
you know when they have a lot of energy
they need to get out why not just let
them get some energy out who are they
hurting I think we're only hurting them
but by forcing them to sit still in a
chair and a place that supposed to be
funny
no yeah I'm not gonna let them go crazy
and destroy the place or anything but
Tiffany
one two three fight yeah she's super
hyper now yeah that's just gonna be a
long night
fun night long and fun why did the
chicken cross the road because it wanted
to go to three fronts to get ice cream
