hi this is the writer family my name is
Samuel and I'm Nia this is our family
this is Abram I am 28 years old Tiffany
how old are you 3 I'm 25 so this is our
cue a neighbor is six months old we took
questions from more subscribers viewers
from the last couple videos and
questions now how did we meet and fall
in love and how did our relationship
start so over that started in high
school yep I was 15 years old when I met
Sam Sam was um 18 well I was in the
crowd for a play that Samuels twin
brother was acting in and so we were at
play practice after school and I was
just sitting in the cafeteria with some
of my friends waiting for it to be over
and Samuel came in to sit down and wait
for his brother to get out of play
practice so that's where we met at play
practice and what we locked eyes yeah
she was on stage and I was staring at
her like high schoolers do a little was
you smiling at me yeah I was thought I
was alone I was love at first sight for
sure before that happened though when he
was sitting at the table with all my
friends there was some mega flirting
going on and I was like whoa hello
that's wrong I'll let who is this guy he
is so cute too
and Sam was a troublemaker in high
school so I was really no I was really
surprised that I was so immediately
attracted to him like in love right away
and then pretty much so the next day I
asked my little brother to go get her
number for me her dad Andrew as uncle
and her to go get her number for me and
then what happened um wonderfui yeah I
was like no if he wants my number
Vanessa himself yeah no scar yeah yeah I
think you can't got it okay the question
was also when they we fall in love I
think it was day one honestly honey till
I was about five years later I proposed
and we've been together for about ten
years total out yeah
our next question came from Seraphin
airsoft one of our biggest fans and our
pastor and our friend his question was
what are the least and most favorites
and blogging so far we just we recently
started vlogging and shredding about
hello like a week it's been a week or so
so my least favorite of vlogging so far
is having to talk to the camera or to
myself rather and having having to
communicate verbally
I've always been my way for me
communication was a art and photography
music and that kind of thing I've never
been good at communicating verbally so
this has been a real challenge for me so
I think that's my least favorite part
about it my least favorite part is
probably just having to have the camera
on during parts of my routine day you
know I'd rather just like quickly do
what I got to do and not take the time
to talk or video during that
my name dude yeah just taking the time
to do it so my favorite part of blogging
so far we haven't had a chance that we
haven't had time to actually go be
questioning so is there a pretty
spontaneous answers just so you know
just hearing from the users and
encouragement they give us that's just
so exciting it's such an awesome thing
here people are curved by us and are
made by us and now so I've loved that my
family can motivate people mr. proxy
code music or mrs. property code music
ask some interesting questions he said
would you prefer to live in a world
where gummy bears walked or in a world
where hoverboards existed I thought
about that one since already and I
thought about living in a world of gummy
bears but I think it would probably be
some kind of trail from the gummy bears
I think it'd probably end up being
pretty gross having gummy bears walk
around so I went ahead and I'm gonna go
cuz I love to board up skateboarding I'm
up to wait for word and I'm a snowboard
so why not on board what do you think
we'll do prefer think gummy bears or hum
reports oh that's a tough one because
this would be kind of dumb and I don't
totally know what a hoverboard is um is
it like those things that you clap for
running on a log back to the future you
can oh definitely a hoverboard meant
sums of money
Emily hoverboard okay next question from
Tanya Owen and Snow White and Sally's
they asked the same question they said
are we interested in having a p.o box so
they can own skips and cars and yeah I'm
interested in giving gifts who isn't
interested in gifts no no so are you
interested here
I actually got a little more into film
on Ellie so we'll be opening up a lot
soon I guess we keep you updated on what
does number alright perfect so yes I'm
very interested in next question comes
from Marty Marge sickening this is for
you
Marty Mar Jessie's question she wants to
know what you want to be when you grow
up you want to be honor she wants to be
honor when she grows up
want to be a princess yeah woo course
she does
I'm sure also wants to know what is your
favorite thing about mommy and daddy my
favorite thing about mommy daddy kind of
cuddly what about mom saying
singing that's a very nice medicine you
know okay so you got to have different
answer what's your favorite thing about
Abram my favorite thing about a break is
only min burger okay yeah well there you
go Marty Marge if everything's not us
mommy do Sundown asked us to share some
pictures this was like what we looked
like right around the time we got
married so it was like this was like
what you first see at our wedding and
you come over here and there's baby
pictures of Sam and me and then there's
like pictures of us what we look like
when we met there's a picture picture of
us from high school I mean while I'm
here I'm being SIA
sorry cam if you can't see these we'll
post them as individual photos our first
pumpkins week are Sam's first rock show
this was my bedroom in high school we
were playing Scrabble that's our game
one of our first kisses well I was
kisses one of them okay next question
comes from f3 a triple o that's zero
zero zero or oh uh what do we like most
about each other what do you like most
of them ah
there's so many things oh my god
I'm a great guy my favorite thing about
Sam is that over the years he never
failed me like um I always know that I'm
important and now that we have kids I
always I just I always know that we are
important to him you know and he's a man
and you know men don't like show their
feelings or whatever like us girls do
but nevertheless I still for the most
part I always feel like Symphony Abram
and I are like the most important thing
in his life even you know what you have
that good I'm glad you realize that
you definitely are I had to take a brief
intermission the UPS guy just showed up
on your camera anyway my favorite thing
about Mia my favorite thing about Nia is
I love that she chooses to get up in the
morning have a good attitude she chooses
to be happy and that rubs off on all of
us and I think she's just one of them
know strongly she'll make two trips in
the family and she's just awesome for
that and that's my favorite thing about
so many of them what what and Marsha and
Moo want to know where does Nia find the
energy to do so much and stay so skinny
today I have really awesome kids and a
really awesome husband so they motivate
me to do things for them and for our
home but I would say ultimately the wit
the place I find like my peace and
energy is through prayer and just being
connected with God and also people who
who encouraged me through through God
you know having godly friends and women
mothers are
there's just being connected to people
who are also connected with the Lord I'm
good it's amazing I think what goes here
in GQ is God on top of she chooses to be
energetic she doesn't get up and say I'm
too sleepy she gets up he says I'm going
to tackle this day and I'm a good
attitude about it I've seen it several
times she makes a choice and she doesn't
make excuses do what you gotta do you
know
okay Philippe said you fear God
question mark want to be clear yes we do
fear God if I fear God in two different
ways I fear Him as in I respect him and
I have a utmost reverence for my Creator
and I fear I fear discipline on me I
fear to make him angry or to make him
envious I mean jealous nothing yes but I
figured make him angry I figured it I
fear to get on the bad side so I fear
him in two ways
thanks for the question Kathleen yah and
Kathy June want to know what is the
story behind Symphony's name we were
laying in bed one night and we were just
like going through names an originally
Symphony's name was harmony true that
was the name for her all through high
school we dated and so one day I was
grocery shopping and I saw hominy and I
thought it it just grossed me out and I
was like it's too similar above the wall
so I came home we were discussing it and
Sam's like let's just start saying music
Nick just anything that comes to your
head so literally we were in bed saying
like look our stroke trumpet guitar and
then the same was like symphony and
literally it was like this light bulb
went off in our heads or like in our
hearts or like my tummy or something and
if you took it that look it's a naptime
um and so that's how her name came about
we kind of tossed it around for a little
while
we talked to our families about it stuff
and
that's how her name came about can you
spell your name
oh thanks what sector oh wow John Kathy
June and the Fox Asia would like to know
how many kids do we want you always talk
about this on the camera
not originally
we just wanted one we're just gonna have
same thing this guy was a surprise so
now you want to I agree maybe we'll have
another one right now it's still up in
the air or actually she's pretty sure
she was one building Tom gasps table
well stable basketball hey Nikki wants
to know the most possible thing to
happen since we went viral it's supposed
to be positive okay it's not what's the
most positive thing since our video
exploded our lip sync video went viral
hearing from the viewers we've got some
pretty touching messages from people all
around the world saying that you know
we've encouraged them and we made a
difference in their life it's pretty
incredible that that single movie has
touched so many people in such a
personal way we've gotten messages from
people in hospitals saying we've helped
them in a recovery
of course we give all the glory to God
for that but it's just so awesome to
hear that we've gotten people we put a
link to our church one man wrote our
pastor even and said that he was
completely moved by his messages and
that he's back into church now um I
definitely have to agree with all of
what Sam just said the first thing that
came to mind when I read the question
was the guy that Sam was
- who wrote our pastor saying that you
know he's a Christian and he just you
know he just needed something to get him
a spirit just moving again or you know
and so definitely the fact that people
people are growing closer to the Lord
through frozen lips ankus gotta be
pretty awesome okay last but definitely
not least we had put a room down he's
getting too cranky
so Dobby asked how much wood would a
woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could
chuck wood
I'm not something that maybe she'll not
accept me I got a question for you how
much wood would a woodchuck chuck if a
woodchuck could chuck wood I don't know
baby like so yeah that's a good answer
she says seven so there you go okay so
that wraps up a Q&A this time thanks for
listening guys thanks for subscribing to
our channel we're going to keep doing
this we're having so much fun with that
recording our family I love making
videos I love editing them I love
watching my family on video so I thank
you so much for supporting us we love
you guys ain't god bless all of you yeah
thank you for all the support we love
you
everyone was in cooperating just gotta
have something up right now or not
