Sunday mornings are really annoying and
hard
does anyone else ever feel that way
especially since we've had kids it seems
like Sunday morning is the hardest day
of the week and every morning we leave
for church and we're frustrated and it's
just like why even go sometimes that's
how bad it is and you know I've heard
other people say it can be that way for
them too but this morning we got up
extra early uncle Matthew still with us
he's gonna go to church too in a minute
trying to do things earlier so that the
process of getting your kids packed up
in the car and on time for church is a
little bit smoother and so they're doing
great with getting up earlier and
starting earlier and Sam and I both fed
up um anyway so that's our plan happy
Sunday morning everybody
Abram what you eating buddy what do we
bbbb uncle Matthews here today
Matthew you go to your church water mark
in Dallas yep just enough so very so if
you guys want to hit up Matthew Rader
he's at watermark in Dallas over Sunday
morning at what time 11:15 11:15 he's
single - hey sippy what you making well
I'm making a tape ok Gabbard Day cake
for uncle Matthew
yeah because today is his birthday it is
we're only pretending really pretty
Oh repenting not pretending repenting ok
I'm so lucky I look purty cakes okay so
here you got us up extra early this
morning so there's no stress of brush at
the brush we're trying to get ready and
try to share the bathroom we have three
bathrooms one is taken by my little
brother can see this here the other one
is taken up by Nia
close I converted her bathroom up to
your temporary closet aprons being loud
can't really hear me I converted our
bedroom bathroom into a temporary closet
because you have so many clothes and our
closet isn't that big so we're just
sharing one bathroom right now so it
gets pretty stressful Sunday anymore but
Nia averted that disaster this morning
by being an extra awesome mama as usual
and right now I think she's making
oatmeal for everybody
no apple cinnamon looks awesome
fresh apples and fresh oatmeal how do
you do it honey
run seeking flavor kind of no weights
the backward run divert your secrets
later can you divert diverting her
secrets yeah symphonies all ready for
church it looks like she looks gorgeous
you get to see here this is the hood bye
bye bye hi Stephanie thank you for the
birthday party
cute bye Mia thank you good see to you
later match right guys we'll do another
hug for the camera
Matthew stay the night with us tonight
crashed on the couch oh I need you to
get all your stuff no go get it
go get your stuff I'll follow you this
is not awkward at all this Sunday is a
bit of a different Sunday for us I'm
going to be photographing at the church
today for our fifth year anniversary we
have not been there for but maybe a
couple few months but they've asked me
to photograph at the fifth year
anniversary I'm going to do a little bit
of shooting doing the doing the
preaching a little bit during the
worship service so I will be shooting
with my 72 200km 70 to 200 and my mark 3
my Canon 5d Mark 3 and the loans that I
keep on my five-year mark 3 is the 16 to
that's just my standard shooting ones so
it's going to be interesting I'm a
little bit nervous about it slipping at
you nervous for me okay good then I'm
not nervous either Nia is getting
together her wreaths delivering two
wreaths today what do you got honey look
so beautiful
don't she does not need make
she doesn't need makeup at toll all
right off the church we go one of the
things I told him that really at home
was dead
and our church has a real heart to the
often imagined be real with God
we're stiffening gone excuse going Tamra
I'm going upstairs because I'm going to
up to Dana's house alright bye bye bye
bye bye hon open my door oh you can open
and just go we're gonna stay in the car
draining daddy's means silly of course
my daddy just mean of course we're gonna
walk you out listen of course your blue
animosity of daddy okay he's just being
silly he's trying to make you laugh so
church is over symphony is going inside
to Nana's house I think she's staying
the night tonight she's staying the
night so it's been raining a lot we
haven't had time to work on the garden
again so this is what we've done with it
so far she just planted all the plants
in the pots and we just lined them up in
the garden area and then we got cute
little guy over here
what are you doing we'll die ah boobies
will you boogie sit will you believe
bougie boobies don't you juice oh that's
so buddy
so buddy there you go come on beautiful
is going on date yeah take my hand
lady come with me
Sonia got me this shirt from Hagar and I
feel like I look good in it um I usually
don't feel very good in my shirts but
and this shirt I feel handsome I know
I'm always handsome honey but I feel
handsome this time geez
mm anyway what was I saying here's some
pictures on the wall of Nia when she was
a baby she's a little girl look at that
beautiful little girl looks like
Symphony Christmas Nia there are there's
a little family to happy there huh
here she is again what a cutie
there she is right there look at I'm
doing oh well we're getting ready to
leave for our date he is inside dropping
off the baby with her grandma and there
she is my beautiful date there's my
beautiful day Wow
stunning you're so gorgeous thank you
cute you are
mm-hmm yes can't wait to date you
let's go date this woman so we're at the
red house on our date eating some
fashion
barbecue he's got himself some catfish
over there it's pretty good but I don't
do fish
I got a barbecue burger we're just
talking
what did you think of where we ate
sample uh I was really good the barbecue
was a little bit overstuffed inside of
the sandwich
brick I think kind of soggy it is really
good not really is it good the Browning
of an ice cream that was surprisingly
very delicious I agree
the food was doing just okay but then
that brownie came into here really I'm
not used to eating brown this time I
really like so fun research
Sonia thought it'd be a good idea to get
some pillows and some kind a blanket and
go take a Sunday midday nap and a park
so what is so healthy about a nap or I
guess the question is are naps healthy
at all
yes they are in fact some of the most
smartest people the world took naps
daily
including several presidents like
Roosevelt
but the good thing about naps is
harboured University did a study and
they found
that those who took my 30-minute nap no
shorter no longer
every day were more productive
throughout the entire day compared to
those who did not sink in half so me and
I are going to go take a nap
we found apart the work we did we found
a song
