it's what he drew on that slide what
were you doing in there yeah but my
daughter is in here so I just got off
work I'm on my way to a discipleship
meeting with a guy for my church he's my
friend we talked about issues that are
going on for life
struggles
everything we've talked about everything
and we also delve into God's Word and
basically I call him my disciple he's
helping
come more like Jesus and be more
christ-like Brad
so I'm on my way there he wants to meet
at McDonald's because supposedly they're
giving out free coffee so got some free
coffee go get you some McDonald's and
you have to mention you want the free
coffee
I'm at McDonald's now supposedly Heath
is waiting inside
I'm gonna go film him right away
where's he at
that's a horse oh yeah make a blog
there they are Oh Mo's here today - cool
hey guys what's that one boy
won't you come cuz Bo does he say hi
guys
buh buh my channel there hey channel
what's up Pete um
sing sing your introduction no don't
seriously okay alright I'll turn back on
later what these are a little bit more
comfortable
nothing chilly another arm out like that
it was extended on it's hard it's a
beautiful arm
so this is our discipleship Keith is my
disciple er o is my pastor he's usually
not here this time he kind of crashed
heard Sam was bringing his camera and I
showed up I didn't hear he is wearing
his camera so I sure there's no I'm
usually very comfortable news meeting oh
let's say this is no harmless and it's
sort of good times
okay see you later
I'm gonna act like it's not there
he throws want to introduce himself I
was no come on just be like hey I'm he
we just really it was about us men we
start fearing the wrong thing we share
each other the only thing that we should
be fearing is God not each other
the same here people here each other
here go come on with me as I go open the
door to my people family what's like
knees got a lot of packages to take to
the post office to kill honey I'm home
what are you guys doing schoolwork Oh
school II work what have you been
learning about this morning talk like a
big girl 15 a big girl that's how I talk
in Spanish I know that's right and we
also learned forwards and backwards I
was like little activity she gets up and
you like instruct her to do stuff it's
pretty cool oh then you cover it I got
to get out of my scrubs before I make
you guys sick now I need to do too soon
make you one
once upon a time there lived a shoemaker
and his wife
would you find what your father guys
yeah Sika bottom this one not so pretty
but thank you okay so whenever at the
garden center at Walmart so we're gonna
be looking at tomatoes and some squash
and some flowers tomatoes and some
squash why forget this organ up well
what's your favorite flowers to grow and
why tell me in the comment section below
Wow I'm new at this whole gardening
thing and I don't have a very green
thumb but I want to so any egg way up
that temple and I had pointers will be
greatly appreciated she can't get in
their bathroom hi a bro look at that two
feet yeah so as you do
hi could be okay you got alright baby
shoes he doesn't wear shoes very often
but aren't those just the cutest thing
like those chunky little ankle great
chunk high muster of following not over
him gone
there's lots of pretty flowers this pic
my cigarette daddy what's your favorite
color my favorite color in the whole
world
Oh orange I like these ones over here
whoo ladies these are beautiful flowers
okay you love that one these are what's
what what kind of flower was he looking
for
just whatever catches our eye really
whatever yeah whatever look it up I look
it look it up it's a bull
yeah it's got to blue look at this on
his own
look at all these beauties doo-doo-doo
okay so I'm finished picking the flowers
from I thought I really had like no
method or scheme to it I just like pick
what I like so here's what I got this is
my buggy that's pretty cute now I'm
going to pick out some vegetables for
the garden and
here's sweet little family over there
well we're going to get some sweet
peppers some Tomatoes I want like some
some squash the type of hose that you
pick says a lot about your family I
don't think I'm a light-duty campers and
I've got a lot of heavy duty hmm through
that morning Mia is about to convince me
to buy more product okay just hear me
out
keep it uneven yogurt hey I have this
mission for just the pot spot we can
wait for plants some mulch I want mulch
if you just want to get it today okay I
just will get them all we're gonna get
them all we're getting the mulch yes oh
yeah Tiffany we're getting the mulch
what's the more I don't know what we're
getting it strawberries all right we'll
get strawberries let's take one out and
go put in the basket
Wow Wow car coming all right come on
getting ready to start on the yard
simply you wouldn't be my helper let's
see your new gloves
harsh
pink
cool
that's your new shovel cool so this is
what we're working with here looks
pretty bad a tree branches thought of
the truth this is it right here it looks
like a big mess yes his name hey puppy
that's Chloe hi Chloe
are you guys related Chloe oh yeah Oh
Marissa you found your dog you still
print spray painting here she's making
this little pedestal pedestal
you like them when they sniff you like
when they kissed me Oh kiss you warm gym
a kid give him a kiss honey how far do I
don't see you Sydney that little bug oh
he's a nice pug he's a nice bug it's
getting dark so far all I've done in the
little garden area let's get the leaves
out when I got a huge stack to get rid
of it's not too much done here
that when I put the pot I mean the plant
down in there and I start putting dirt
around it it gets all over the leaf
scene look at the leaves and it like
your plant starts out front of ugly and
dirty years ago without rains it'll
clean it off that's such a pretty plant
a digital what did you tell its tellers
digitalis donation I like digital
domination better classic awesome is the
elephant ears guess what's with the call
what are these ones near yeah yeah some
Dahlia what is this one
Dahlia we're going on my girl we're
doing such a good job
Symphony loves emanating her mother
taking a break from the growling she's
taking a break you taking a break you
dig a break up
daddy I figure that when the rain comes
it would make these strawberries red and
big so you can eat them
haha
