the Suzy watches mommy remember you're
talking about Elijah that's her right
there so we just pretty much pig out on
a huge cookie that Tessa made let me
show you it is amazing Tessa runs a
bakery thing from her house kind of like
I do with my wreaths and it's called
striker sweets
check it out on Facebook order from her
but she can't ship out of state because
obviously it's like I don't know hick
maybe she can yes or no oh um so anyway
so basically what happens is the three
toddlers destroy my house and we get
caught up on mommy stuff and this little
guys just kind of like does whatever he
wants
but anyway so right now they're having
movie party and the kids are eating
popcorn and we have frozen on but yet
there's not one child in the movie room
watching they're all playing uh-oh
uproar what's wrong
okay so really excited something awesome
has just happened I just launched my
website Wraith Spy Nia calm and within
the first hour I got two orders
submitted so thank you to Courtney and
Kelly I am so beyond excited this is
just like awesome I mean like seriously
this is a blessing from God but I'm
sitting here with my first stack of
boxes to ship out usually I just do like
one here and there I've pretty much just
strictly been local until this happened
and so I've got much big stack of boxes
I've got two more wreaths sitting right
over here that I have to pack up here in
a second and I've got a couple more
behind me um so yes I'm just so excited
I had to vlog her as I gonna have to
like just get it out I'm so excited
like I just wanna scream
you've got to empty the trash I just got
home from work this is what I find
Tiffani woke up Abram sipping what's
going on oh wait I just running to open
and it came Oh did mommy tell you to
come in here no I just did that you're
such a good big sister I'm so proud of
you thank you for taking care of your
little brother
oh you're so adorable why are you in
your sock
talk about putting your foot in your
mouth is it um am I the only mom had
like a mini meltdown before taking her
two kids into Walmart
I'd read this every single week I like
purposely get extra stuff so I can
sometimes try to go two weeks about
humming to go to the grocery store this
is not working out yeah with both
children any huge long list and a GoPro
yeah not working out for me at all so
okay so we just got done at Walmart I
just loaded up on there's a kid this is
what I did we're like at the back of
Homer so like there's like no cars come
around just if you're wondering I got my
kids that went around and they're on top
of the cart cover this was crazy so I
got my oil change while I was grocery
shopping so when I checked out I was at
like a car park but you guys know like
typically people pay for like two things
so I paid for like all my groceries back
there and the lady I was like is it okay
if I check out that kid I was totally
expecting her to say no and I would have
been totally okay with that and gone to
the front of the store I need to go back
inside and go into the bank
but anyways but Abram was having a
little tantrum at the moment he kind of
had a tantrum almost the whole time
there that's why he did a lot of video
but um okay so I asked her I was totally
expecting her to say no but I was kind
of hoping to and say yes which was like
yeah sure no problem so we start
checking out she's like she starts
cursing and like all her stuff like
clearly my buggy was full and I had two
children with me like and I was totally
she could totally said no to me she said
yes and then husband puffed and cursed
while she was checking me out and I had
like quite a bit of groceries so that's
a lot of cursing and stress people are
like staring at me while vlogging
anyways so yeah that was my experience
at Walmart it's like almost three
o'clock in the afternoon my kids usually
take a nap like an hour and a half ago
and now it's like time for me to start
cooking dinner and like a little over an
hour and I still have to go home a lot
of the groceries and yeah it just crazy
but my kids well okay I reset 1800
symphony was so so well behaved and we
got something a little surprise while we
were in the store what did you get for
yourself for the garden look at the
camera wait wait look at the camera what
kind
princess what I can't see your fake
second princess kind of would look at
the camera yay and what did you get like
a snack he got all his yummy girl
shrieks oh my god what did I get for
myself shampoo and conditioner
so anyways now I'm going to go back into
Walmart and going to the bank portion
because I've got to get some stuff set
up for my race website so that I can
start getting paid media yeah I'm in
Garden Ridge for like the second time in
my life and I didn't realize it had so
much stuff here I know I'll go ahead and
make fun of me now only the second time
I've ever been here we're gonna get a
drink so I came in for a dining room
table get one and instead I got some
books for the kids for Easter anyways
this place is I'm with my friend sandy
she's on her lunch break doing a widow
guy you like Garden Ridge we think of
this place how do you feel about Garden
Ridge sandy baby does love garden right
she talks about it a lot and I just
never come here and now I'm here and I
don't want to leave I want to buy
everything kind of dangerous luckily I'm
only getting books and cook
so anyways okay god trash man you gotta
be the trash head into your trash
