do you ever have this kind of morning's
where you just feel just feel
there you just gotta give yourself a
shake for yourself up a little bit
good morning people welcome to our daily
blog he is up to me
whoops accent stop that he is a pancake
for everybody
good morning hon I love you what you
gonna make what kind of pancakes
just regular regular yeah do you want
something special on Mickey Mouse
pancakes
oh yeah make Mickey Mouse pancakes for
symphony I'll let you melt like
blueberry Mickey Mouse - you got it huh
hey kiddos what's up what are you guys
doing in here ah made a coffee or
amusing my Keurig I think I'll have
sweet and creamy nutty hazelnut man I
like black coffee bolder the better dark
Italian roast dark roast coffee perfect
that's the kind of coffee I like in the
morning dark roast coffee stick it down
in here and get I think is going home I
won this cup at a gift exchange
honey I'm making coffee nice healthy
Stephanie come here I need you to do
your job
what sippy you have a job to do yeah we
make pancakes be careful this is getting
hot come shake this rimoni really good I
guess
oh okay whoa take it and rub it but it's
too heavy
okay Wow
Sonny young ridiculous breaker Hey Oh
Minnie Mel's
why did mommy make to go on it hey bruh
what's that check for those pancakes are
going straight to your hips aren't they
okay so I'm going to teach you guys how
I wear my headband um this is like my
lazy mom hairstyle I actually didn't
wash my hair today it's kind of gross
but um so I just have a brush headband
ponytail on my arm and I use a bobby pin
and also use dry shampoo a lot and I
turn my head upside down spray it in
work it in so I'm gonna do all that real
quick be right back
okay so my dry shampoo is in I just kind
of work it in like this and flip it over
I just broke a nail and then flip it
over this way and get my brush and brush
the ends of it so that I can braid it
okay I'm going to braid my hair
celebrated now I have a lot of layers in
my hair so it's kind of funky yeah my
bobby pin and I take this little section
of hair back here and tighten it up then
grab my headband and I simply put it
along my board whoops
put it along my forehead my head like
that I'm good to go
here's poufy to the dry shampoo my
ponytail me my braids are in I'll
probably redo this at some point like by
the side of the house just cuz I don't
like these flippy things out but that's
how I do it I'm ready to go what are you
going to teach us how to draw smiley
okay show us how it's done first
do you play fake then you put some eyes
better
this is chalk then another eye thin
smile
what about the nose oh yeah can the nose
I'm at the hair but but but hmm can you
put some hair on him yeah this one is
going to be for Mom
oh yeah life is all how does my hair
look looks good he's charming good job
oh I'm going to go get to work okay who
are we looking for what's in your hand
what are you doing killing you right
fresh oh you're doing paw Paw's blood
pressure what's the Hey huh
does he have good blood pressure 14 we
have the little doctor in the hospital
what
