Sunday morning it's always interesting
on a Sunday morning getting ready for
church trying to make it to church on
time
there's Abram Abraham's already huge
it's a rainy Sunday morning kind of a
bummer because I have a photo shoot
today looks like me is ironing this
morning interesting can you put your
mouth over the cup and talk to Peter and
Peter yes like I'm playing oh this is my
mom her name is Sharon Raydor what's it
like to be famous um well I knew from
the start
samuel was so talented Thanks give us a
quick rundown of our kit starting with
the youngest Andrew he came a little bit
later than the other five and we always
said that all the kids were cake and
Angela's the icing on the cake rachel is
my only girl we consider each other best
friends Michael is like he said Sammy's
twins Michael is my brave warrior he
went to Iraq
okay so tell a little bit about me not
too much just a little bit
Sam B was a little different than the
rest that he knew how to be quiet
his very mellow very peaceful and he he
was so adorable cuz when he
they always had kind of a shy look on
his face David was extremely smart we I
knew he is very bright at the age of two
Matthew was my firstborn and he was an
absolute dream and he was born and
mapped it by math and I were always
close I need to ask you a question it's
a very important question I just want to
know what you think about us treating
you like an like a woman like a grown
adult instead of a baby how do you want
to be treated
do you want to be tree like a baby thank
you Oh yummy tree like a big girl
yeah how's a big girl treated do big
girls get spankings hi guys what do you
think of the rain pretty good huh
no rain you don't call this brain so
right now we're discussing raising
Symphony and the best way to do it
I'm falling encourage Nana here to stop
treating simply like baby she's three
years old and I think it's time we start
raising her or start treating like a
woman what do you guys think well I work
with a lot of kids that are not older
than syphilis that are far more baby
Ashton Tiffany so I don't agree with
Samuel not a baby issues sympathy
because you're part of that when I think
to raise him to a woman as early as
possible we're in the middle of what
daddy and Nana think I think she's at
the age that we treat her like her and
instill in her traits that will benefit
her when she's a woman like how to be
ladylike and how to be respectful
I think she's three hours she'll be for
just a few months so I think it's time
to treat her like a girl not not quite a
woman
but treat her like a little lady just a
little lady not a big lady lady not a
woman I'm not talking about treating her
like an obese person I'm talking about
her like a woman kids are playing Nana's
house Abraham's having a great time
isn't he well you have a great time with
Nana
what is symphony up to no sibling who
loves to create things she loves the
food she loves to draw closer build
things out of play-doh don't you
Stephanie tell the camera about it I
like to put what you guys gossiping
about here number would you gossiping
about pop pillows pebbles love you
Rachel more than me I'm taking our blog
today I'm making some coffee making
coffee with the key rig Keurig or the
Keurig all right but it says Keurig how
do you guys pronounces correct yeah I
say Keurig but some people say Corre
Corre yeah
okay are you still a baby or you a big
girl
see she's not a baby anymore mommy okay
well my living room is a mess so it's
gonna be harder shoka baby do you want
me to pause it and cut it and clean it
and then give a tour no that's okay no
this is what looks like that all the
kids are here
this is what it looks like when all the
kids are here those pictures uh she just
put those pictures up my new clan smiley
the pictures are palm trees she's trying
to get the California feel it's my beer
in the air my Marin animals for real on
the mirror mom when did you put the new
mirror when we put the pictures up in my
lab you could see through when you turn
the monitors in here Susie like a zebra
print our nut or cheetah print
