well my car well guys it just broke my
handycam what about this one so what
about this one that's a magic
come on FM basic hair you guys today
just cook it some breakfast bag some
sausage just really not anything so
pause personnel right now already took a
bath how'd it go in there Nana I've only
taken one bathroom there and my legs
were all extended on the wall so I could
wash my back I'm sorry about the visual
guy let me see you yeah like here bud
we're going to eat just right here yep
got a well-balanced breakfast here I'm
trying to eat a balanced breakfast today
because yesterday I had cereal ugly
cereal and I got shaky really fast while
working it's funny when you don't give
your body enough calories the body
becomes weak you produce less heat you
have a lot of calories you get more
energy okay since we're gonna do it a
little differently we're gonna start
with a fork and I want you to smash the
bananas as smashy smash as you can
possibly get them okay alright sister
get to Smashing
mmm yummy
try bite you want a fork
here you go Missy the food okay let's
see you try your banana pancake mmm good
girl I'm missing a room guys have you
seen him anywhere
Abram he was clinging over there while I
was putting up boards there he is he
just playing up the neighbor's house a
little turd don't let me know scared me
a little bit just like I promised
geysers Joe what's up Joe
how you doing the viewers have been
missing like where's Joe yeah this job
easier
he's back thanks for the worship music -
I really like it
let me hear that what does animals
living in the eaves over there
I think it's squirrels I see one
squirrel in me it is the whole family in
there I see the squirrel man okay now I
feel bad for disrupting his living
quarters yeah little guy he's not even
afraid anymore maybe I should throw some
nuts up there the squirrels dream come
true yeah definitely more than one up
there oh he's getting the nuts
it's time to head out guys we've got a
few errands to run
Juliet and both sides will see heading
out to drop off some donations but this
is the test of time right here will my
car start yes
Houston prepare for liftoff time to help
get these donations out there's a lot
and I don't want them to grab the wrong
stuff
well guys I just broke my handycam had
it sitting on that cinder block right
there to get shot and then fell forward
I don't know if it's saved or not both
where every time I turn it back on it
says please power off and turn back on
so thankfully I have this backup camera
with me and I had it because I was going
to give it to Joe but I'm having to take
that back now now because oh this is all
I have
here it is so far guys
made it to the end guys the very end of
the porch the long porch right the trim
piece is gonna go here I'm gonna come up
here and then somewhere around this area
it's gonna turn off and go back there
nice little seating area with that as
review the to it Nana and bubs are doing
this cushion actually came in really
handy so I hurt my knees last time I was
here I hurt really bad because I kept
jumping off the porch I could jump off
the porch it's really petty kitchen
squeeze you but literally you know how
you tell kids you can't do certain
things you always told me that you can't
do that every kid tell Nana what to do
you said my dad said that you can't
touch the lights we can't tell in the
trailer
you can't tell Nana what to do you're
just a kid can I give you a maid no
thanks you need pepper wants in on the
action down here oh shoot my pellet gun
mom are you doing oh my gosh are you
okay are you ready to go pick a chair
all right we're in the patio furniture
department symphony walked through there
and tell me if you see a chair that
should be for bebo
we noticed yesterday what we've been
noticing that at my mom's new place a
lot of the people have comfy chairs on
the outside of their apartment so they
can sit and have coffee or have a friend
over so I wanted to get her something
that comfy like that and that she could
sit outside with a neighbor with my dad
or something like that having coffee I
kind of like this one but we would need
another pad to put in I think maybe not
I'm really kind of like in this set
right here this one and that chair maybe
just two of these chairs okay this is
what we're thinking of going with two of
these Juliet's gonna test-drive it for
us what do you think does it feel
comfortable someone picked it up look at
this cutie I think she pulled it off
better than us okay we found our chairs
now we're gonna pick out some pillows to
go with it
you guys are gonna like if we're gonna
get a cushion here's what I'm thinking I
like this cushion right here to go in
the bottom of the chair and then for the
back of the chair I'm thinking this one
what about this one's pretty too
what about this one that's a cute
matching scissor cute too though
Symphony Symphony is off to go look at
more pillow that's actually really cute
people would probably like those two the
most okay we're going to Chile for
dinner
I don't have a can opener so I'm gonna
use my knife here and see if I can't
just break it open with this sucker just
like that it's like I just cut open my
own animal I feel like a real man right
now
all right bud let's cook our chili right
here on the fire there it is
there's our meal is it good mom all
right guys the meal is in our belly and
now it is time to do comment of the day
if that fire would be quiet today Nana's
going to come another day okay I'm gonna
read the comment of the day from dawn's
crafty room and it says Nana does look
amazing she's an amazing woman
dawn thank you so much for that
compliment that was so sweet I don't
know why you find me amazing but that's
awfully sweet of you to say that to me
probably cause you raised me I'm just
I'm just taking wild guess
yeah I did you amazing job with my kids
I have to admit that but like it
especially me if there's anything
amazing in me it's because of Christ
amen to that
all right guys we'll catch you tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other he's going to walk it
over and we've begun listen kids are
good it was very frustrating like I just
wanted to reflect the second Audrina to
love each other hey man
that wasn't very act because I need to
get a band-aid already
