yeah you got to check out this toilet
leave this man I dropped a big log on my
truck and I haven't looked at her up
close very trying to hold it together
and not cry and we were like she just
hugged me and said let's just say Mike
let's just say buddy so what are you
guys going to be doing as in Benares
we're doing battle for classes and you
guys are the M&M team good morning guys
how are you doing today I also feel like
I got a car wreck or something my entire
body not even lying on my head I have a
headache all the way down to my toes
from standing on so long I worked like 6
17 hours of straight non-stop going
going to go on to get the treatment and
I got it done I dropped a big log on my
truck and I haven't looked at her up
close because I'm just dreading it such
a bummer yeah I gotta get the art
cleaned up today I have all that out
there you guys see lots of tree out
there looks great isn't right a little
gift for them too they're driving all
the way to Michigan and today's gonna be
crazy as her and her friend are driving
in a car with two kids going away toys
we're gonna get them toys for the car
running from her and she doesn't even
know it so Sarah's upstairs packing I
have been downstairs trying to kind of
clean up I packed up a couple boxes for
her Miss Ellie earrings on her boy baby
Couture website now choices I've
narrowed it down to I should probably
narrow it down again once more does up
close you guys oh my goodness is look at
that texture I love it
hi Sarah she's gone
guys I just couldn't vlog with her we
were trying to hold it together and not
cry and we were like she just hugged me
and said let's just say Mike let's just
say buddy we hugged her the real Titans
I love you and then I like ran out the
door
oh are you mom hug big dances that I
love you mister it was so cute I know
you've seen Sarah over the years here
and their birthday parties play dates
and stuff prayers or talks
everything is just changed mine laughs
truly truly Sarah has taught me one of
the most valuable things in life just
listening with open ears and open heart
everything open to the holy spirit we
still have Marco Polo's which we talked
on almost every day so I'm thankful for
social media and for technology I'm
really gonna miss
closing one door opening another for the
chambers God is so good they are going
to Flint Michigan I don't know how to
explain to you guys what they're doing
they're basically going to minister to
this town that is just first and not
doing good right now anyways guys I'm
gonna put a link in the description for
you guys to go and follow their story
follow what they're doing and oddly
enough as I'm leaving Sarah's house I'm
passing the old pillar building this is
where we met Sarah and Dan hey guys I
kind of lost my voice just now I had
like a coughing spell I don't know what
happened but I'm making dinner now I
went to work as a new school
rain and my shoes were soaking wet I
don't have rain boots so a mission to
find some rain boots you guys like
comment below your favorite rain boots
for me I need suggest I'm looking at the
hunter boots I'm sure a lot of you
ladies who are into fashion will know
what I'm talking about it I mean they're
so expensive
Nordstrom's is having a sale on those
boots but they're still like I am doing
enchiladas for dinner
there they are baking away also doing
some rice I feel like my food always
looks really unappetizing on camera no
matter what I'm just like oh that looks
dry that's good let me go look that good
of a cook guys I'm working on it I
practice but I don't know it's kind of
not going so good I mean it is I feed my
family we get full it tastes fine which
I was better my mom and dad are such
good cooks they could just cook anything
it's like mom I want this can you make
it I can just remember like when I was a
little wanting potato salad or chicken
dumplings and it's like mom I'm hungry
for this can you make it and like BAM we
had it for dinner and it was amazing
every time I just don't have that skill
my kids think I cook good though I just
think that my parents get better than me
get this boy for you freezing over there
where you do your flip-flops and then
you can go back and snuggle they're over
here in the craft room
wow you like snuggling Sam is still
outside working you guys it's a
workaholic oh hey guys I'm just standing
here wondering why they have it took the
lift yet we're supposed to get it this
morning I trim that tree up so good you
guys you wouldn't believe it there it is
it's probably one of the nudist trees
out here the biggest limb that I cut off
this tree just so happened to land right
here on my Fender and I was being
extremely careful but I kind of slipped
over the edge and I try to grab it I
couldn't hold it it was just too heavy
and it slipped from my hands I was like
no I thought I was gonna go right into
the windshield so thankful to God that
didn't happen mommy would go hang out
with Amanda Keith's wife has he denied
flying to DC today like right now I'm
super excited about flying first class
with him I don't think he's ever flown
first class oh and I got a really cool
hotel with a balcony and everything with
one king-sized bed now two beds one king
so that would be fun why how would lab
tell you oh that's a sweetie there it is
three P P P P P P PI Oreo Oreo stay away
from the tree I had a bunch of oil on
there to scare away the squirrels snot
put a bunch on there I mean enough to
scare way human yeah
oh no you know the downside of not
having a phone not a pickup Julian go
get a broom because I don't know if you
got him or not or it is going to get him
so I just gotta go get on the Donal that
don't got no phone do that's gonna pick
you up today
so five-dollar fee when you're late yeah
hope she's gonna let me slide this time
well look it there there's mommy
Wow Wow mommy which car do you want to
take buddy I'll take mommy or me send me
a text what am I doing here look at her
face
I was like if I gonna watch them walk
out with Juliet or not I wasn't nervous
like their home Sally oh come on
that buddy I'll be back in a couple days
okay I'm going on a little trip it take
your mommy and the girls okay
still there's probably guys there are
you serious
little kiddo honk if it's your friend
but he's married with kids
probably not
you gotta be kidding me I don't have my
ID guys via texted Pete little I don't
know my default my whoa well guys
another downside of not having a phone I
forgot my date and he has been trying to
get hold of me but she got a hold of
this guy instead anyway guys Heath here
Heath you know say how the fan base is
it's gonna be fun
she is hey you got this stuff did you
find the confirmation number no I got
nothing
what you say
oh ah speeding it Oh teach and I was
just watching on the news that the
airport that we're going to Reagan
Airport has had issues with weapons
being smuggled on airplanes they did
like a investigation did say it was like
80% of the weapons that they try to get
through got through so I'm kind of
nervous throughout running this careful
are you I'm just trying to make you
nervous cuz I know you're scared of
flying I'm fine I've got more
comfortable with it we'll see how it
does we're not sitting in the same seat
once again in American Airlines so I
hope you have a good flight I'll see you
in Washington cupcake donut jammies for
the win let's see you dance hey you
think that's cute just wait you guys
just wait for it don't set it down oh my
goodness look at you oh look at my
cupcake dessert girls they're so pretty
I'm gonna hit you oh my gosh you guys
the big kids are doing somersaults let
me see you doing pickup like your Juliet
Strymon over there watch her guys wait
let's see what she'll be what sir oh my
gosh
Oh simpie you spotting her good job you
just raided symphonies hair I did a
little fishtail braid so a little bit
like it was more like this and then I
pulled it tight I pulled it out like to
try to pancake it it looks more like
that but like when it was tight look
good I'm packing
that I am getting ready for a women's
retreat starting tomorrow all day
Saturday and half of Sunday like a full
weekend getaway with me my girl the
Bible prayer worship oh my goodness food
sleep it's gonna be so joyous so
glorious so I've got my weekend looks
the only one I'm unsure about is this
one
how much you guys think it is just like
this cute mustard basic sweater and then
just some regular jeggings and so I
could do this one with the same jeggings
I could do this one but I'm wearing camo
on Saturday what do y'all think is that
I think it's cute like see this white
stripe oh welcome to my life I never
know what I want to do with any of this
stuff okay guys let's do question of the
day before I get carried away and like
literally pack with you guys for the
rest tonight
I could do that and I think since I just
got done watching this is us and it got
me on my field the question of the day
is going to be who is your favorite
actor my favorite actor oh that's tough
if you were asking me a few years ago
out what is a James Franco Oh who's that
guy from The Notebook everybody loves
him Ryan Gosling he's probably my
favorite I'll see you guys tomorrow I
won't be vlogging at my women's retreat
though so sorry about that but I love
you guys you tomorrow don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
so guys we're just tripping out in here
how are you we're just tripping out so
tripping right now can you see my hand
right now 420 420 we're 420 look at
these boys guys this hotel is a trip Wow
it's right here we're just past it what
do you do how do you get in
where's your Wi-Fi symbol yourself
comfortable because I'm sleeping on the
floor to leave this plant that's a trip
leave that view bro we get to see other
buildings if it Bowie signed the water
bottles area David Bowie nice I'm an
instant star just add water and stir
guys this place is incredible this is
definitely the most modern hotel I've
ever been in look at this they have a
switch for do not disturb look then
we're hanging it on the doorknob you
just switch it oh yeah you can come in
any time I do mr. shirt guys you got to
check out this toilet leave this oh man
this thing that's beautiful definitely
the most beautiful told I've ever seen
play that even the whole area is
beautiful guy dude would you say are
there no I'm saying that's funny that's
funny
it makes us just want to go eat more
just so we can you know keep going just
that reason to sit there right I'll this
thing like the owner on the list or
that's Ethan I share that interest it's
a lot to admire here leave this thing
what's a gun underneath here I'm excited
old solid made out of one piece of
porcelain if it one piece it is a solid
piece it's on a one piece it has to
quite close does it has to quite close
and it's a mess I can poop all night
long won't even disturb you
and the door here is just like massive
whoa it's illiterate did you see if you
have your own personal little lamp here
as I can't take this anymore there's way
too many surprises in one room check
this thing out this box this is how you
just a climate right here you want to
make it a little warmer no guys was here
saying the bathroom the bar soap has
like little exfoliates in it they're
just bar soap whoa all right guys well
I'm gonna go to say good night and check
out what else this room has to offer
besides those slippers down there then
I'm gonna put on in the morning don't
forget guys we love you and remember to
love each other
guys listen up okay do I have
everybody's attention due to the real
man oh he's in here partying
loominatee
