you pissed that for a quarter be
blinking for it to be recording was
recording right now okay and that's how
how you record your day tomorrow are you
ready for your day tomorrow we're
starting your vlog your tomorrow vlog
already anyway so now I'm practicing I
mean epoch I really like this thing
Samuel does this sometimes and I think
it's really cool I think that's kinda
like really cool
good morning me and my children just
woke up
they're in my beautiful little morning
faces you know say good morning
so today is April 4th it's a very
special day to me
so I wanted to share something with you
guys a really close friend of mine her
name is Tessa her husband's name is
Justus and they have a little girl
that's the same age of symphony
Oh so a year ago they had a little boy
and his name is Elijah so I'm going to
show you a picture of you like sure some
of you may have even heard of him this
is Elijah Stryker he likes that
Aaron Stryker he was born with trisomy
18 and I've been friends attested for a
long time so I was around her when she
was pregnant with him and I remember her
telling me that you know there was a
chance that something could go wrong
with the baby but so here go today he
was born and he was so precious let me
just show you again look at that sweet
face um so he was born and he did in
fact have trisomy 18 and in the hospital
the doctor said that he was only
expected to live for like a couple days
and so he kept living and after three
days he got to go home and then you know
those three days turned into a couple
weeks and then a few weeks and then a
couple months and so
you know already his story is so
miraculous so at 11 weeks old he he went
to be with Jesus and as heartbreaking as
that sounds you know his story has
really blessed the world and I know my
friends would want his story shared with
everyone and so this is a picture of my
friends tessa justin Katie and Natalie
today is his one-year birthday he was
born a year ago today and they're doing
this really cool thing on Facebook and
you can you can show support for Elijah
or for trisomy 18 survivors or or you
know people who've lost our lives at
trisomy 18 by posting a tribute photo or
attack and so the tag is wear bright
blue for my friends personally it's I
heart Elijah and so if any of you out
there have heard of this story you know
from the way that it may have possibly
gotten out in you know a year ago when
he was born
share how you learned of his story and
you know just how what a small world it
is that you know strangers from around
the world have been brought together
from this tiny baby so anyways I just
wanted to share that with you guys we're
at first Monday using the kids ready to
go out and spray first Monday at crown
this is my friend Chantal we call her
show
making her first appearance on the
Raider vlog we met her through well we
go to church with her and her husband is
actually our pastor and you can he has
his own YouTube channel
what does it calls him Seraphim
Kairosoft Seraphim airsoft and there
will be a link to check it out down
there if you're into airsoft and guns
and all that stuff I've always liked to
do so yeah we're gonna go walk around
with the kids and check out some cool
stuff baby knocks is gonna have his
first birthday soon so we're gonna be
looking at some cool things for his
birthday
I'm on the hunt for a new iPhone face
hey guys simp Symphony are you all ready
knocks how do you fill up their super
champ that's a nifty seat you've got I'm
loving it and you match we actually got
a really good parking spot see like
there's the grounds of ther where that
says entrance and we're like right here
it's pretty cool parking we only paid 5
bucks thank you I just can't recognize
that first Monday we're doing a daily
vlog and board she's the first person
what's your name Hilary Dugan yeah this
is Kim and Hillary they just recognize
this at first Monday you were chair yoga
on YouTube today tonight
check yourselves out what are y'all
getting here just like chillin it's
crazy yeah yeah it's like we have a
three year old I mean obviously you saw
a video just kind of like
wait we've done another one and now
we're just doing like a daily vlog
because I've had a few people ask us to
do them so we're like okay so how would
that one look what are you eating
what is it okay I gotta get my handle on
there
there's really it's like everywhere it's
really all the Ricky mind if I'm not
feeling it
I just tried there's a bunch I'm gonna
turn the camera off so I can't escape so
the shell is just going at it over there
like this we just ran across the street
here what do you think this is just a
replay of what we just did crossing a
lot of traffic
you Craigslist so first night was pretty
successful Abram had a huge meltdown in
the middle of it I'm talking huge we
like went to another Pavillion later and
she was like you said that baby that was
screaming and I was like a home yeah
how embarrassing and then she was like
telling me it went in his lung and he
was gonna respirate or something
aspirate I keep saying words wrong when
I'm vlogging like I said I said anagram
and said acronym okay I gotta find my
keys yes I did I'm gonna share with
Abram sure you can have some rice knocks
is that a good french fry okay so
symphonies been doing this thing it's
cracking a gorilla watching things right
again
just stop right here though stop right
here
there's any pearl do it again step it my
foot make your face like this
