how's it going out here uncle I'd you
somebody wrote on one of the comments on
the video said uncle AG seems like a
cool guy what they said uncle hu seems
like a cool guy pretty wet make you fall
down there they are
I chose coral my lik and bright blue
it's called ocean soon they will be full
of pretty stars heaviness bitter grass
symphony hey gosh this is my best friend
how do you feel about our vlogging
experience Andy it's great for y'all I
got you I got you
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding yeah real high
let me make you blow your hair yeah on
vlog day - I'm taking out the trash
today I purchased a new vlog camera and
your guys's suggestion was a view you
just suggested it Marty Marge thank you
so much for the suggestion we didn't use
the camera that you suggested but I did
take your suggestion on getting a new
camera so we appreciate that
Sophie M and Ray five four nine four
thank you so much for the suggestions
guys we're really listening to you guys
on doing this the best way we can I
think the camera we got is going to be
awesome I just ordered it today but
what's really cool about it is I was
able to use my city points on it so I
got it
um over half price off I only paid four
hundred fifty five bucks I got like five
hundred and thirty bucks off of it with
my city points so that was really
exciting I didn't know how I was going
to use those points but I decided to use
it on this so um I'm just wandering
right outside I feel kind of lost my
neighbor's looking at me like I'm lost
so I guess I'll just go this way
those mating mosquitoes mosquito eaters
I think mosquito eaters whatever they
are nieces are mosquito eaters google it
they keep landing on us what you got
hurry cut the neighbor do you mind being
on our vlog Brittany oh hi Brittany so
cute
wait a second that's like me is
delivering a wreath turn neighbor a
lovely neighbor
I like it I do I really do alright can
we get the whole conversation oh that's
okay all right remember that spider that
scared you this morning yeah what kind
of spider was that what was it it was a
black widow you know we found the black
widow on her porch today yeah well hey
hello hi your cute little man I saved my
mom out for birthday lunch today so the
grown-ups had Italian food for dinner
and the kiddos are having hot dogs and
baby food so mommy is off the cooking
non-stretch up so mommy gets a break
from cooking tonight
no he's off cooking duty yeah mommy's
off cooking duty so what are you gonna
do now well I have some cheesecake in
the frigerator and I'm thinking I kind
of want a piece of that let's check it
out
okay come on
I don't normally really like cheesecake
but for some reason is really wanted
from the other day so I got tiny size
cheesecake for a salmon I share and so
will probably change some of that
tonight
take the top ball here we've got it's a
sort of an e-fit triple chocolate
strawberry swirl I'm guessing that one
caramel turtle and New York style it's
so funny they named it New York style
because that's like the plainest one but
it sounds like the fancy one that's what
I think baby which one is the fancy one
my favorite one is the turtle caramel
turtle turtle caramel turtle cool yep
so oh about to hand the kids get my bat
and put them to bed symphony guess what
we're doing tomorrow why we're going to
first Monday with guess who
yes baby knocks are you excited
hmm did Laurie gum first Monday we're
gonna go shopping and write in a
stroller what do you think of that way
out put your dress down what do you
think of that that's all we're going to
thank you for my
maybe tops tomorrow okay
