mommy's outside watching windows hi
mommy hi Symphony Symphony hi I'm in
here in the window I was in the window I
was trying to hide to you to you through
the window I'm taking our day leave all
look in here go on that side and look
through the screen these screens are
very dirty mommy's working on getting
them all cleaned up for us yeah everyone
what you have to little buddy
what are you up to pull your toys hi say
Dada Dada Yin can you say Dada Dada you
got some hair for your face get ya gimme
yeah give it to me Dan your hair point
you getting big
oh why are you measuring yourself yeah
yeah and I was getting big cool you
don't come near I can't reach the very
top one very well thank you like one
corners is gonna be still dirty that one
right over there no peace yeah I can
hear you that's departed
yeah because I mean going on right up
and he'll spring cleaning going on up
and he'll right honey yeah tonight hey
put the copper over here boy
no rush Blaine is that you hi Blaine
yeah we did got the screen door up in
the brand new door how you feelin Blaine
did you have surgery oh good she doesn't
know what what a hammer a camera
careful why don't you go find a hammer
suit crack your pecans what whould it
get can turn your welcome to by doing
all right Blaine I've seen you man what
symphony like squeeze on with my hands
yeah I'll try
I don't know if I have the string off my
ass there go I can't
yeah I guess that one crap does that
mean I'm strong yeah you can yeah you
know you play here that's good did you
know couple gives me the best distance
ever
hey camera get head once girl I'm a
abide off this you thought you think
maybe a squirrel took a bite out of it
yeah huh maybe you're an EP called with
the same room a little you are pretty
little for pecans daddy can you open
this one kick me neighbor go check the
mail I'm still suffering from jet lag
yep I slept most of the day you know
that to our difference in California
it's a real doozy
we'll be having the mail today looks
like we got something from Express
that's where I like to shop we got
something from the nurse Alliance
benefit program trash and we got more
trash so basically all trash we got
trash in the mill today's Abram won't
hold it for me okay they're good knees
off up there
why did you say ah cuz it hurts my hand
a little bit
alright sit why were you in timeout
anywhere else post a color on furniture
are we yeah or the floor ah all right
get up
hey hey daddy this is it three this is
freak one two three
what did I do I did that yeah and this
is Rick one two three
oh whoops that was an accident oh wait
 we're gonna pray last call for
forgiveness okay bow your head I want
you to pray say please forgive me for
disobeying my mommy and daddy
simply to stop this isn't funny okay and
say forgive me for disobeying you and
your son Jesus name bow your head close
your eyes
amen amen give up wager hood this has
ever seen you before I'm kind of shy
okay just kicking dinner here we are
having meatball me and make some rice to
go with it minute right different also
gonna have some steamed veggies yeah I'm
a little hot we're over here he's really
helpful you like to taste everything in
like grunt shake horrible yeah so I'm
looking for a measuring cup I got it
how cute this is you've been doing like
a spring cleaning day hey thanks for
shopping out there a trip and so it's
just been one of those days where I
threw dinner and the crock-pot and made
Suzy stuff to go with it and oh and
right now Tiffany's outside playing with
her dad and her uncle and the little guy
really wants mommy some babies you
Albany mo Tyson okay
whoa can you walk can you walk to me can
you walk to me get up come over this way
stick stickers too and just is usually
new is a dark coop coop oh no it's not
here doc poop take it do it again dude
here this time try to walk
also I'm in reef today I made grease on
the side
I have a little business called wreaths
by Nia me and so I made my first rifle
since coming home from San Diego today
it was a carrot wreath and it's pretty
cute for Easter I have to ship it out to
a lady named Julie oh hey Julie if
you're seeing this I'm talking about
terrine this little guy has been
practicing his dead ass skills today his
first word was data even though
sometimes he lies and you go oh ma ma ma
he's a dad at first I gotta give him
credit hey Dad can you say Dada Dada
Dada Dada Dada Dada ha blame
I got y'all camera on your GoPro okay my
ow you kind of use for sports mm-hmm
pretty cool huh
yes see what everyone else is doing
around here I got symphony over there
she's having why Pat I'm Andrew oh okay
so Samuel finishing up the spring
cleaning oh you just put him back on why
is it broken
well thank you bro clover away good job
dude Oh partying
back home Oh daddy yeah that's a no
they're working the hose wet t-shirt on
we were going through our brother lives
unless he rooms in our garage that was
converted into a studio for my husband's
photography but now it's his bedroom and
so he's making all these jokes that he's
been throwing parties and stuff away out
of him
