we're gonna have that truth lit tonight
oh here's a sneak peek you guys I don't
for sure we wondered in this together
the morning guys I have morning traffic
today sweetheart
are you ready for a TS day I'm excited
about it I'm sure you don't look too
excited I am excited I'm gonna sleep
it's decades Davis in school and their
class is due in the 80s I got this hole
up but after you guys want to see it leg
warmers wristbands the whole shebang
I need a turtleneck - it is chilly out
here but it's not gonna be cold all day
long this is my outfit what I'm wearing
the traffic I've got my San Francisco
bear shirt on I think I'm gonna name him
Stanley he's so cute oh I hear buddy it
is you did you make the bed in you gym
clothes good morning to you too
are you guys ready for our 80s rock girl
- come on out
Symphony pearl come on dead whoa
do we get a strap do we get a pose do a
twirl good morning guys
super exciting morning for me check that
out remember that thing it's the
Christmas tree lift I'm fixing the
lights today guys got a lot of repairs
to do a lot of squirrels got a hold on
the pause blocks better place some wine
there play some fuses and I'm hoping to
get all that done in one day we're gonna
have that tree lit tonight gonna get a
little feet warming do you like those
Jewish such a perfect morning to get to
start at 2:00 it's really crisp out here
the first light November morning it
feels like Thanksgiving what a jerk
the Christmas lights out
we go
there are guys I got a couple of boxes
of Christmas lights to put up one of
them right here this is like the spacing
was off I didn't get four inch spacing I
got six inch spacing so I don't buy a
whole nother box of them so that means I
have a whole bunch of extra lights to
add to the tree which I'm excited about
these ones I bought just for repair
which I'll probably have some left over
and have tried to repair yeah I have all
50 strings of lights right here that's a
lot of lights that's more like it
alright guys let's get this party
started
I only have this lift for one day so I
gotta get to work right away glasses
maybe I don't know I'm just gonna make
sure flipper picks I don't want to go up
there and come back down for any reason
just plug the tree in guys got a lot of
work to do that's what it lit up right
there
as you guys can see I'm having to remove
quite a bit of lights especially in this
whole area it skips like this whole area
the lights don't work here and up there
they work so I'd have no idea which one
these are fair but I got some great
music going great weather great people
you guys
nobody else is here but you gonna be a
nice day it's gonna be a good day
gotta go around the tree okay good set
hold on guys come on
Merry Christmas
not only because some are too but some
of them actually fell cuz I didn't put
that many staples in the tree store
because I thought pulling it tight would
do the job but it expanded and shrink so
much to my weather long room just kind
of fell so I got a crick bat too now
does that look better or what guys
remember all those tangles
I remember them there's about two hours
ago but I still remember it's good right
going up what's going on
I'll admit guys I'm kind of confused now
so I got the trunk lit very little bit
up there I need some more extension
cords because if I start connecting
things that I don't remember what I
connected and the strands become too
long it's going blow a circuit and ruins
it's kind of confusing but I'm gonna
take a lunch break
sup guys did you have good nappy poopy
head do you want to see the fire mate
for the trees you bet
so I want to pass out flyers around the
neighborhood this time and just get more
people especially on our street coming
and I tried to make my own flyer don't
make fun of it guys lining up later
oh that's cool really do you think it
looks good yeah it's just saying when
times
it's gotta say I think she's probably
like number one from score at Yale big
help are you waiting for the best one
wah I think this one's light for you you
go thank you my turn a girl get some
help down here
didn't even know what I said my car's a
mess I have so much stuff I care about
my groceries I have to get all these
potato what I have here
okay right I'm just a mom like a child
that dinner for my family haven't even
died Symphony found a dead bug in the
crafter mom where she's a little nervous
to pick it up tell the viewers your plan
they're right up here CJ so I have two
emissions and what I'm gonna do
they put my favorite topping on the
bottom and then smash it and then close
them together like you closed a book
like that and then bring it to the trash
can and then open it again that's my
tree and award I know you're brave man
I'm sorry babe it's gone I think kind of
ish I don't know it really was twitching
though and it was like kind of dead but
kind of touch and as if matters couldn't
get any worse my very biggest pet peeve
while cooking has happened tonight my
spick-and-span shimmery shiny clean
stove is now really gross because my
potatoes boiled over
you guys have pet peeves for while
you're cooking because I totally do and
that's like the biggest baddest Oh also
another one while I'm cooking is if I'm
making meat and it lets water
all over the top of the surface ahead
basically I don't like my surface to be
like horrible after dinner I use this
kitchen all day every day I don't go to
work and like go away from it so it's
not like I'll clean it and it's fine all
day it's like well clean it tonight I'll
clean it again tomorrow mornin and then
again tomorrow afternoon again tomorrow
night I feel like I like live in the
time and so I can't stand the surface is
to be gross like that so you know it's
not just a simple wipe down for me to
wake up to in the morning it's like I
gotta like scrub tonight while I get
here and ready for bed and whatnot tell
me all of your pets people cooking in
the comments I'm having to get silly
details here's a sneak peek you guys
daddy is still out there working his
booty on his back then she is back I
thought for sure you would dirty oh he
did it I should take over the Queen came
to me cooking dinner I know you're mad
about the carrots but please don't get
me yet are you gonna give me seriously
yes dude spot towels guys when symphony
was a baby she would sit in the kitchen
and do just exactly this except with
symphony I would take the lids off of
that and I would let her goat it down
she used to make some big old messes
even here's the thing about Symphony
Symphony was different than a lot of
baby I know this now because I've had
two babies of my own I have nieces and
nephews and I have friends that have
babies
Wow okay so here was the thing about
Symphony and by the way guys this is
totally my excuse for not doing the
dishes at all right because I just don't
want to do that Symphony was very unique
and that she could do things that would
typically meet giant messes for babies
and kids and it wouldn't be a big mess
it wouldn't be this overwhelming mess of
stuff like I could take the lids off of
seasonings she would actually dump it
into the bowl and stir the ball very
gently what I mean Abram was totally
doing I mean he would have been like if
I gave him that with a little he
would've been shaking it over his
shoulder watching it dump on the ground
and juliet's
liked him in that way here's what we
should do I can't take this off do you
know thinness I believe it was a man
named Jamie Fairbanks I think a viewer
oh the princess wants the basketball
Juliet Juliet
dinner was delicious we had beef
stroganoff mashed potatoes and team
carrot yeah I can't it did not look very
appetizing even symphony was like afraid
to eat it but I'll still go ahead and
show you guys here's what happened I
went outside to take some pictures with
Juliette when she got all dressed up and
I kind of let the pasta burner and slush
dry out a little bit so it tasted really
good though right Symphony didn't it
taste good even though it didn't look
great that is just another way of
learning you can't judge a book by its
cover
yeah it's not what's on the outside it's
what's on the inside that counts
it was Alyssa and now I'm gonna soak
this for a minute and then put a hot rag
on it and try to get it off you don't it
is 8:30 and 9:00 and my man is still up
in that tree so I'm gonna take him some
hot cocoa babe
I raise them hot chocolate yeah
and with that we'll see you guys
tomorrow tomorrow guys I am saying
goodbye to a very dear friend so come
back tomorrow you guys will get to say a
final goodbye as well and it's going to
be very bittersweet we'll see you guys
tomorrow I don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other Sam is still
outside working you guys I drop the big
balls on the truck and I haven't looked
at her clothes we were trying to hold it
together and not cry and you're like she
just annoyed me a bit let's just say
Mike let's just say yeah what if she
just started playing a song and we found
out she was like a musical genius sad be
like a dream come true for you I saw air
that's like an unspoken dream
