- Symphony whistling what's the water
camera no no whistle good job
no you got a with on don't think you're
down out hey you can't fart you can do
some silly faces yep there goes er look
that baby out oh-hoo-hoo they'll cook it
here cute oh you drive me insane girl
look here I know who this girl dude
you're gonna whistle with though with a
fourth camera don't punch whistle
whistle 14 whistle with Stefano camera
we're so we're supportive camber uh
weights always of it whistles yeah
whistle whistle
we support camera weight so myself it's
all with the boat okay but where's the
whistle whistle what's up on camera
whistle whistle for the camera whistle
for the camera I don't want you good job
Symphony give us a kiss give us a kiss
naughty you're on a kiss kiss mwah
oh not a French kiss
