whoa what in the world I'm just now
wondering what we should do and the
answer is literally right in front of my
face together good morning guys we are
doing homework outside today Abram has
been learning about little sound are you
reading good job we're just gonna hang
out outside for a little while have some
lunch I know this guy his head now he's
leaving oh he's still wearing
yesterday's shirt to give me that nobody
cares about that I love you see you
later
thank you what up fan to the bees how
are you guys doing today I'm off to do
something somewhat sad somewhat fun
somewhat exciting I'm gonna go have my
last meal with Dan the woman that Nia
had a going-away party for I'm meeting
with her husband to say goodbye to him
that are both off to go to Flint
Michigan it's sad because it's the
second friend who's going away and both
of them on the name of Jesus so it's
it's pretty amazing to watch but also
sad anyway guys I'm gonna tell this
weekend with Heath the other guy who's
going out of town I can't decide if we
should drive make a little road trip out
of it or fly there we're going to DC to
the Bible Museum we're gonna do a little
tour of it before it even opens so I'm
really looking forward to that this
weekend but it's also going to be pretty
much a goodbye not really he's leaving
in four to eight months what in the
world I'm just now wondering what we
should do and the answer is literally
right in front of my face look at this
look at that you got to be kidding me
the answer was right there right in
front of me the whole time sitting
you're waiting traffic and there's the
answer to the question I've had the
whole way here
so we've burned me down I'm gonna get
him a car - thank you card for him and
his wife from me a knife oh that's
perfect
that's a cool card you cut that out and
you make a strong trooper ooh this one's
good too I know stay away from the
Christmas card Sam you looking for it I
thank you Carla just don't that'd be
good oh no I older guys dressed like
this oh come on
what Oh goofy just this one thank you so
much boring this is how thankful I feel
that's cute all because of you thank you
so much did I do funny Oh sue happiness
others created and you bring it into the
life of others
oh that's awesome that's the one
there he is right there you guys see him
that's him
boom just sat down
so if there is Dan the man that's right
how's it going buddy so this is Dan guys
I don't know if I've introduced him
before bye-bye time ago but yeah he's
leaving me so I thought we could we
share your story just a little bit like
what's God calling you to do in Michigan
try and keep it concise but basically we
feel like he's he's told me and my wife
to go and help heal the city of flint
help restore it so yeah guys that was
Dan one of the most influential men of
my adult life
you guys like out there now Sam said
that the M is way too right when I say
it's for a second grader and the M is
just right on the green M&Ms practicing
piano baby just woke up it just say me
song I feel like I know them they're my
songs but it's like a child's voice
hi babies no give your hair is so funny
it's always in the front and face she
stopped she had to play learn from him
three this was a birthday gift from
uncle Michael and aunt Andreia to Abram
he turned one yes they did give him that
speaking of crafting you guys I was
starting something new this morning I am
going to learn how to let her kiss my
dad a lettering where you don't just
drew all the alphabet you aren't the
part see it up and I'm gonna learn how
to do it
well I'm crafty I'm artsy I can do this
I think tomorrow or maybe next week my
sister-in-law Andrea from Mike Andrea
we're gonna be doing it together we're
gonna like learn how to do this together
not sure how it's gonna work I think
we're just gonna do a letter a day and
then text each other how it's going just
for moral support but those want to
learn how to do it all right guys have
fun see you later Juliet what are you be
knowing about Juliet kept wailing
this traveler whale so finally we look
back there and we're like Symphony help
what's going on we don't know what's
going on
she's just staring at the backseat there
was a ladybug on her but she was
freaking out like a sad little breaking
little car you've ever heard - Stephanie
do you see me
I did talk to Julie we're just watching
the big girls tumble her daughter
tumbles she does too
working on her third there Symphony with
her little macho look going on she's so
cute that headband
you got the lunch today good job buddy
g-guys do you see what I see GC its GC
time guys every Monday what's in there
seaside Wow beauty watch your face a
room
yes they are that's right they're all
weeks together like they're always just
like
are you in love
she's holding a piece of food I got okay
this is your piano area we have to buy
posters for you no actually I'm gonna
shell tap it here and we'll put music
stuff on it music that was beautiful I
love it so what'd you guys think of
symphonies new piano space over there I
think it's perfect for I thought about
hanging something up there like some
chords or something but actually I think
that's a good spot for her because it's
very little distraction especially
compared to the room let's get the
comment of the day it goes to Olivia
LeBron do you have a set time you upload
or is it just random we have actually
been trying to upload around one o'clock
Central Time
I know it's all over the place sometimes
especially when we're traveling it's
pretty crazy but one o'clock Central
Time is what we've changed it to it used
to be five just let you guys know what's
happened in there honey do you have
question of the day for the fan basic
sure what's not being taught in school
that should be what's not being taught
in school that should be don't what do
you think the history of the bio I don't
think wheat there I mean there's like
real history there more history there
than there is and like some of the other
stuff with line
Melvin's like Roman theology and all
that stuff yeah does less on that than
there is on Bible stories alright guys
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
be ready for baby's day we're gonna have
that truth lit tonight
I'm overwhelmed all of a sudden about
what to do next
I don't first show you what you don't
get me so what do you guys don't like
daddy
