hey everyone are you here what are you
doing just got a hit in door I'm done
with you we're gonna check it out and do
it anyway
good morning fight to the beat yeah how
you guys doing today we're doing some
more work right here on the house and
okie dokie
oka MOCA that's how Abram used to Sandra
I've been moving furniture around all
morning we took the couches I bought
last time you guys remember that I know
why I did that and I move them to my
shop up there
we took the refrigerator out which is
right there and I'm gonna bring it to
the house in Texas because it's a better
refrigerator and I was like oh nice to
make your nips team so we're gonna do
that and then we're gonna something
gonna fridge chair I'm just going by new
cuz we're doing everything new in this
house everything's gonna be fresh I
don't wanna leave an old fridge in there
first things first I got to get every
spare wheel working
you can ride anywhere you want buddy
anywhere you want just go sneaking right
to the trailer first and get waters and
come back and stuff so you don't to walk
oh okay
oh that's a cute little show guys I'm
definitely keeping that oh yeah
what'd you say
take your now no that's in a cute little
shower glass sledgehammer and Andrews
getting carried away with it so this is
where we're at right now ger and a lot
of trouble get the floor of realizing
it's a break in the road but that's
about it
my friend Paige is making oh I'm gonna
do some research gotta get the four up
cuz this thing is all screwed down
alright the trash we got so far
so as you can see we have some pretty
decent drywall in here I'm probably
going to end up keeping meticulous this
apart I'm done with you alright we're
going to actually demolish this room now
what officials caught up in yourself
we did it there the whole room 30
minutes right 30 minutes maybe 2 2 hours
30 minutes to 2 hours we went to go meet
the neighbors I told me could really
nice people
I bet she's in there cooking myoho and
down in the back
maybe he's pooping what that bitch honey
yeah he's in the back everywhere you
hear what are you doing
he's riding a power wheel know how nice
everyone has a little friend down there
a couple of them they're going to paint
some puppies the porcelain puppies and
Andrew and I are gonna get back cooler
so I couldn't get the refrigerator to
get cold last night we have to in this
house back here and the one we used in
here didn't work our milk went bad we
had to eat dry cereal and the donuts we
got
and your wedding in your car - peanut
butter have any I tried really I can't
find it
we found a hidden door you're sitting
left it we can make it to do I really
want to take off all this wall open up
the kitchen - all of this room and all
the rows that's why I'm feeling like
open all this up take this wall out and
open it up to this room
therefore off you gonna push harder
there you go
what is back there so many surprises
behind these walls all right old
pendulum that's a hectic
because you just got stung my walk
everything there's just strumming on my
back you just got stung it hurts so bad
please help little bit we're packing up
to go now we got a lot down here I'm
pretty happy with the day and a half of
work for two men pretty exciting to see
things finally starting up the progress
is ER if they've got outhouse sea stacks
and this material here that I'm probably
gonna find this is like ship laughing
and it's pretty nice lock her up let's
get out of here so guys between Oklahoma
and our house of Texas there's a site
that has the biggest marshmallows in the
world and we're about to be there we're
gonna check it out and just want to
we're gonna do it anyway right so that
thing Abram the biggest Martian was in
the world you ready huh see those you
want to look delicious
check it out huh guys wow just wow I
gotta go take a bite out
everyone to take up out of the mark
clothes gonna take a bite all right
let's go take away take a big bite out
of that come on go take a bite
you change their mind go ahead okay
don't eat all of them okay save some for
the Giants here don't like it are those
cool guys man look exactly like
marshmallows it's so funny alright let's
go home and he just threw up he claims
it was the McDonald's but he was looking
up and intend to switch for like an hour
straight while I was driving to pick a
minute break we're home so excited to
see the baby this is the best part
coming home seeing the baby and of
course the yeah and Tiffany come on it's
just her just craziness over me it's
just the best thing ever
making mmm signs for them hey cool super
bright green image Lotus clean
why should or cetacean be either a year
Tiffani's engrossed in a book in the
back of a truck oh really you brought
home our brand-new that brilliant the
one from now is you're getting the
kitchen yeah you decided to yeah I knew
I knew it
wait with her daddy back I need to give
Sam a tour of the room he's feeding
Wario first
well I didn't know come here he's no
silly okay well I was gonna have all
this out of here but you came back too
soon so I'm gonna say I got rid of all
this is all from our bedroom
yeah just hope coke bags outside wow
there's our closet look at the shoes I
got rid of like seven pairs of your
shoes did you place your teeth ladies
like a big kid symphonies wearing the
pants that I accidentally bought for my
Taylor Swift costume and they were like
a juniors medium instead of an adult
medium and so they're really long on her
but they fit her on her way so we're
gonna go do Bibles having pile in mommy
and daddy's bed still guys I will give
them a new start I will forgive you them
no they don't deserve it
I'll run away join us at yourself far
away so that God won't be able to find
me but of course that wasn't a good plan
at all it was a silly plan because you
can't run away from God it's to find the
pillow it's that time again guys comment
of the day and it goes to Michael
burrows a killing happened in Texas my
parents said yes a killing did happen at
a church here in Texas do you know if
the city was something like southern
jeans and 26 people I think we're killed
so horrific guys I just can't help but
think about how you know when we're
hopeless
we don't have God in our world and we
just keep kicking him out of it but I'm
our parents definitely go out to them
our family is safe by the way cup of
people asked about that it happened
about 300 miles away from where we live
but I saw the first like news article of
it I just saw a picture of the church
and it looks so much like the church
that I grew up in that we went to as a
teenager it just kind of hit home a
little bit it's like just a really small
town country Church really small town I
mean there's like four big businesses
there something
killed like happy become congregate
sinners on there kind of have been much
more than 60 70 people in that church
how devastating that must have been for
the truth like our church is basically
our family there's close to us a lot of
our family ok question of the day for
you guys is are you uncomfortable around
any of your friends let us know in the
comments below alright guys don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other whoa
I'm just not wondering what we should do
and the answer literally right in front
of my face do not write that air
conditioner no seriously it works
