Changez ready to work Andrew the woman
of the hours here together good morning
guys I am getting ready to head to that
little shindig I was telling you all
about yesterday my good friend is moving
away
I finished my craft last night I had so
much fun you guys I really just spent my
time being it took me two hours and I
made 30 oversized all right
I was in charge of bringing kolaches to
this party so we just wouldn't grabbed
our kolaches whoa symphonie that is not
polite at all Josie you guys she wore
this onesie to bed last night I know I
know but I did not put that onesie on
her until like the afternoon part of the
day I just let her go ahead and sleep in
it like her Jimmy so I gotta finish my
makeup and you put mascara on some of my
makeup was in the car but then my
favorite my skaters in the hell I'm
gonna get ready and head out I'm kind of
running late I have got about 20 minutes
so had Andrew here everyone's gonna go
right his power wheel here for the first
time we finally found a spot for the
trailer it goes forever to find it a
nice flat spot it's not that flat
actually but it's the best spot with
your car what oh there's the trailer
it's a tuna the dry boy Angie's ready to
work all right guys so first things
first there's some big things I want to
do at this house and a lot of little
things okay so one of the big things is
I want to replace the whole roof and
make a higher or steeper pitch so it's
going up like this so it looks more like
a cottage I'm going for a cottage look
on this house I think it has a lot of
potential it really does I want to get
creative with the South I'm not trying
to renovate this house and hopes of
selling it getting more out of it
anything like that I'm looking at this
as a creative project and that's it and
I'm gonna do whatever the heck I want
with it I'm not gonna think about resale
values
okay first things first definitely clear
out this room cleared all the shelves
cloak the carpet clear out all this wood
and redo it all you guys wanna come in
one big bummer is I can't get the water
on the water pump is broken I guess so
why don't we--let's I think we should
keep this for something like that yeah
like this man why did you do that I'll
check that here oh this is perfectly
nice to do that for us was I gonna hit
just other pentecostals that Union yet
and she's got a big shelf there wow
that's a cheap wood
so we're going to tear down this hole
right here make one this whole walls
coming down yeah sure take all the big
pieces
oh that's no major
we're here gin and I rode together just
kiddin slug it shell in her run early
we're not on tire we are early Lilian at
the house watching the girls I have to
set up my little present show it's
beautiful you're in a kimono micro look
how pretty and Sarah has her own coffee
the woman of the hours here have you
cried yet I'm still looking around at
the pictures and reading them I was like
nope you know everything so sentimental
the hostess arrived he's in here like
making her maid look what she's doing
you guys I should have just not gone to
the donut shop like no one will choose a
colostomy or they're not even me
Andrea brag about the station for us or
I'll taking Polaroids and making us
brother
only with this crew I'm going to be
working out at a going-away party
well we got very far in this room twelve
of Oliver before the carpet tile I've
got to tear up this water in here it's
all screwed down and the screws are all
hidden underneath the glue so that's
gonna be hard to get out but we have to
get it up so we can make it all level
this one room one step at a time I'm
gonna go level my trailer as you can see
it's on a tilt over there slightly going
this way I'm gonna collect some of these
cinder blocks try to level that booger
out
so look straight it's hard to tell I
guess you have to just line up with the
trees the vertical lines of the trees
looks like we need to go up some more
yeah I'm just close enough
and there this we've got a little
outside seating one of the reasons we
parked it back here because we have this
box right here with a three prong outlet
perfect for the trailer the previous
owner was an electrician so there's
literally like wire everywhere he's got
so many boxes outlets much more than the
average household so in this visit we're
just focused on faring out the house the
things I need to create out so we're
gonna gut this whole bathroom this is
for whoa all right okay all right can't
take some stuff that would take this
outside of the trash
see they say you know ripping up the
floor and definitely show
we can keep this in the kitchen I want
to make this house really creative like
I was saying bathroom kitchen fanfiction
you know just it doesn't matter
about the name right now no put the
bathtub right here by the sink so kiss
back well the kids are bathing mom's you
got a bathtub out so dishes I'm gonna
take a much-needed break have been
working super hard in there probably a
little bit harder than Andrew I'd have
to say and just doing Oh your door okay
man you're doing okay I'm gonna take a
water break if you'll just bring it over
oh yeah we could make a storm shelter
out of it no the whole family could fit
in the bathtub I could dig a hole out
here in the woods area the bathtub you
okay so we are headed to target to do
some birthday shopping with Sandy for
cups turning eight I remember like it
was yesterday when Sandy and I both had
little babies inside of our tummies that
means in seven months Symphony is gonna
be holidays made everything speed by
it's like November now before we know it
it's gonna be Valentine's Day then
spring breaking and summer break
presents all over again it's like the
olden days when we used to do
spontaneous things on the fly looky
looky hi baby
you're tough looking thing
so what is the theme sandy science I'm
not only with the like mad scientist
thing I got Eric a wig and a mustache
and that's where I obtained a Christmas
present while I've been here yeah we
picked out his presents from symphony
down there don't peek tough if you're
watching these things really inspire me
but you can't write you can't ask for
things well here I'm alright and we
already have like Charmides at home and
all kinds of stuff I'm on the craft
aisle Here I am making another fun craft
with this massive green poster boards I
am in charge of the Battle of the
classism day and symphonies class so I
am making the little M&M sign to hang
from their shirts we went in at daylight
and we're coming out and about to be
dark that was quite the experience if I
do say so myself please call me
I just want to see my family so guys
check out this cool shelves across is it
sit down so we're gonna take all this
wood I think I wanna keep honest I think
I want to keep it as well as about to
say oh I thought but more keep it now
yeah and really do I can probably fix
that I could definitely repair that
so the previous guy he just built and
built on top of things like first look
at your bathroom which was probably
nicer than that paneling we just go for
oars - Oh big helpful thank you - the
status is that beautiful insulation guys
don't work
sure so this is the damage in the
bathroom we're having a lot of trouble
getting the floor up man it's occurs
just all over the place
working on this wall I was just about to
say I'm gonna keep that and we're gonna
do the sky oh all right fine
you know what you know it's fine I'll
make the track shorter I can't close the
door I think I want to keep the doors I
really like the doors the looks of it I
could probably just put some trim on to
keep the doors buddies JIT borrow keep
this one this one's actually a pretty
good shape though yeah definitely gonna
keep that door that's a really nice one
oh look at this
okay capacitor okay no but seriously I
do want to keep this wall right here
this is the wall between the bathroom
and this room we're taking a little corn
up break my back is killing is yours I
had me some motrin I guess
Cacho camera dude you said it hurts
where do you know it should be up there
working man in that career everybody's a
canoe yeah we made it home I the victim
of the typical target mom today this
room I stayed too long I bought too much
yet not enough at the same time it
really is my goodness sans the other day
he just really got me in the mood to
declutter I'm usually the one that D
clutters around here and I do it at
least once if not twice a year this is
my third time this year to declutter
things especially in our bedroom but
look at all this stuff you guys oh
goodness
getting rid of all of this stuff Sam has
too many hats he has to weight those
down but got my cute little towel basket
that's Symphony's world these I'm gonna
save for tomorrow these are things that
need to be hung up I kind of wanted to
finish those up tonight but it's so fast
it's gonna probably take me like only 20
minutes and I'm just so tired and I'm
rambling now sorry guys pretty boring
I've been binging Project Runway while
doing it and I'm about to have a little
snack and go to bed so I hope you guys
had an awesome day and we will see you
tomorrow
yep hold on here was a smoking that's
staying the night buddy did you guys
know you can pay for showers at the
hotel we don't have water so we have to
pay for our showers the charge is 15
bucks a person I should have told him to
showers that's only free so we didn't
pay 45 bucks for free showers we are in
and out of here we have a point all
right now we're gonna go have some
dinner go fine what they have good
around here we're doing a good in
Oklahoma they're not known for their
tex-mex because you're not in Texas we
have a strip of restaurants here guys
we're 20 on you eat at I guess andrew
has decide where he wants to eat this
table you know there's no music I think
Nina ate here last time
you said Nicola
did you not see our table man
it's a guy and if the sky notion with
wind and a son who's so skinny like
those on Windows Friday you get two
hours later one eternity later we are
home sweet home guys check it out we've
got a fully stocked trailer we have
cereal
we even have goldfish we have peanut
butter peanut
Peter Peter Pan peanut butter say that a
hundred million times fast right it is
pin Mario back there
Avery was winding down top to turn
wreck-it Ralph on for him I would do
come another day guys but I have no
internet no phone so I'm unable to do
that so what we're going to do we're
going to do question of the day and Stan
it's a question of the day guys what is
your favorite memory that occurred in
the woods I'd love to hear about it we'd
love to hear about it so we got some
more cleaning out to do and then
headed home don't forget guys we love
you I remember to love each other
so psi killing did happen at a church
here in Texas abram are you here what
are you done to found a hidden door I'm
done with you this we're gonna check it
out and go watch or do it anyway
