we are here to extract the AE I'm
bringing the trailer there we're staying
the night for the next few days this is
your third storm videos have you had to
like fit your well the amount of pain
people are going through good morning
guys the question you've all been
waiting for so how did you feel when you
got home last night
when you saw all that clean space shot I
was like oh no he did it without me or
typically keep everything saw is
actually really thankful died didn't
have to make the choices and like get
emotional over a dumb stuff and it made
me feel very like flawed as a house
keeper oh come on into it and we end up
resolving the whole issue outside guys
about did you feel loved yes did you yes
did for them okay guys so super exciting
day today I'm just like super pom don't
like but um let me let me tell you
what's going on here and you guys guess
what is inside of this big black box I
will tell you what is inside this big
black box super Andy okay there's your
first hand here's what's inside this big
black box my DeWalt tools I'm going to
Oklahoma today to get started on the
house I'm bringing the trailer there
we're staying the night for the next few
days it's just me my brother Andrew and
Abram I'm gonna go make a game plan
we're gonna get started on this project
and I'm just like I'm exhilarated I love
to I love this kind of work I got to
bring my coffin there because I actually
am gonna be buried in my coffin I know
you guys thought that was kind of a
strange video a lot of you didn't get it
a lot of you did and the ones who did I
appreciate it but yeah this is my coffin
guys this is might this is what I'm
gonna be buried in I'm taking it to
Oklahoma I'm gonna store it there and my
shot I'm gonna save my family a few
thousand dollars on a casket when I die
just so much to think about it totally
should have done this a couple days ago
I know I'm gonna forget something right
now I'm just gonna grab what I couldn't
remember because basically this trip is
mostly about demolition so yeah I'm
transporting my tools to Oklahoma today
whoa
hey guys no I look like I'm ready for my
day right I am doing another project you
guys ever since I stopped making rings
like business-wise I have missed
crafting on a daily basis so much more
than you can ever imagine so my good
friend Sarah you guys know her she is
the one who makes the headbands for
those of you who don't follow her on
social media she's moving next weekend
we are hosting a going-away party for
her tomorrow
and so I am in charge of a little crafty
project for her which I'm really excited
about this is kind of the pre project
working station and as you can see
Walmart took the liberty of cropping my
photos without me asking me to and so
everyone's heads are cut off like in
this one the edges are cut off and in
this one we only have half of Sarah's
face so my goal here is to make memory
lane
everyone has submitted their photos is
that what you call it when you're making
a project they emailed me their photos
in other words they also sent over a
quick little caption that's kind of like
maybe like an inside joke between them
and Sarah or just something personal
that Sarah will get and it will resonate
with her when she sees the memory I'm
going to be doing kind of like an
old-school Polaroid tight because you
know when you think of memory lane you
think of nostalgia when you think of
nostalgia you think of your old
Polaroids that are all like faded
looking and got the white big thick
border on the bottom and all around so
I'm kind of going with that and yes my
pictures did not turn out right which
kind of puts me back a little bit but
it's okay I'm gonna work it out and I'm
gonna you know just go to Walmart and be
great
I need your biggest shoes the biggest
shoes you got and I say everyone has to
wear boots because there's ticks there
lots of ticks fact I buy a lot of spray
right here thick spray well guys we
wouldn't go ahead and end the vlog here
because I'm just gonna head on the road
here pretty soon Andrews on his way over
and basically we're just gonna be
traveling and I am just gonna be soaking
up all the snuggles on all the giggles
with my girls I am so cruft ready for
this and crafting as I showed you guys
you have to come back tomorrow to see
what my project because it's gonna be
amazing
but we're gonna leave at the end of this
vlog after we're done talking here the
footage I got was in Houston working so
yeah super excited come back tomorrow
see what's happening around here oh
forget we love you remember to love each
other
welcome to Houston American Spurs where
we're serving in the name of Jesus here
we are at Cynthia's house we were about
to do some work here we're clearing out
her bathroom or take we're about to take
down some ceilings I got on this thing
it's a double leg so that's gonna be fun
so today's the second day I did not walk
yesterday because I wanted to get the
hang of things get to know the team and
stuff without the camera coming in
between us I'll have to introduce you
guys to Cynthia's really cool how she
just came about finding out so we're
actually just walking around this
neighborhood of Eenie up yard and she
came from Galveston where she was
staying
she's like something kept telling me to
come back home today and so she came
back home listen to Jesus is what she
was saying sure enough we were like
right outside her house here we are the
whole team is here we're gonna help her
out so much they just this has been such
a blessing for me I love that penguin
look we are here to extract the
let's do it
hey guys me and Amy here we're just
pulling nose oh the ceiling this is Amy
our team leader hi guys yeah so she
doesn't live in a house right I don't so
you just had a little road out here
she's been a great leader by the way I
told you about to make sure we get
together morning and pray with them
so I've wanted to do this to my bathroom
for years
how's it going back here you sitting on
the job absolute no job
nice yeah she's having a concentrate
spots so this is Cynthia the homeowner
thank you so much for letting us do this
this is so much fun we appreciate it
you know the pleasure is all ours she's
out here with Pam organizing the stuff
you said that yesterday and this is your
third stolen to be him he has imagined
three storms if he had to like play at
your whole house 39 2001 Alison 2008
Hurricane Ike and now garbage insane the
strong woman right there I'd be living
on the street if this was my third time
I'll be right I'm done I'm going to
Dallas living on the street
darn good omen thanks man this means the
oppor we're getting the tub Dave yes we
are getting the tub no there baby
so most of these guys are from the
church this is David over here he's a
friend of John this is Andrea and the
church as well
horses man like kids no strength this is
Olivia she's the guest of honor and we
got Bo right back here
what's up guys right a new house now we
have lunch this lady she's gonna confuse
40 minutes away we're actually in
Pearland we're here turning out walls
again and this is probably what we'll be
doing all day tomorrow she's got a
pretty decent sized house and a lot of
work to be done that's what Dave looks
like without his mask on a good day
though because you know we actually
spent our time today doing something
useful for Humanity so I'm thankful for
the opportunity to do that kidding you
know people and praying with them and
pray for them that was brought at best
part
she actually grabbed like a bunch of
garbage guys from off the street and
then made them all hold hands we all
stood in the street you pray it is
really cool
that's okay yeah Matt but this is our
keynote our team has trained since the
last house we got split up at the
different houses dividing and conquering
we're back at the church guys and I
wanted to show you where we're taking
our showers right here that's so cool
they have a couple of these in the full
shower stalls and they're actually
really pretty showers so i'm Samaritan's
Purse plans on being here at this
location and the other locations for
this disaster for two years so expecting
this to take at least that long or until
they're finished that just blows me so
he's the pianist for the military the
Marine Corps The Pianist there's only
one
others three and the president's every
man Wow so you guys just kind of rotate
so he is played for Trump and he played
for Obama impellers been doing Oh ambush
Wow dude that is incredible then that's
guys he's out of DC so this is the mess
hall as you can see a cruise coming in
what's up guys just a left and you guys
were still there to come here only your
guys are here
the last time it crews here there was
meaning nearly many came to my house and
this group did sexually the 50 most
questions and that Billy Graham's been
asked in his ministry I'm just about
life and Jesus and all that and then the
last thing that we have for you before
we go see you does that is here's just
some gift cards there's $50 to target
and $50 to Walmart for your family to
use thank you so much
so Dave had his first string cheese
today I do is hilarious he's trying to
kill a gene he's trying to tell the tip
of it he's like no you gotta peel it
like trying to feel the very tip of it I
tried to squish it everybody feel it
okay saddest fabulous satisfied with the
work we've done we're headed back today
around four o'clock and here it is our
next victim beautiful home right here
this is our work van this is where we
keep all our toys this is what we got
going on in here how's it going
for the most part in this house my job
has been to cut the walls right here
mafia
which is awesome I get to work by the
toilet for a dream come true
you think standing out here in this
beautiful serene area it would like
smell beautiful right but it actually
smells like mildew the amount of pain
these people are going through you know
here's my secret take on it cuz it's not
happening to me if it happened to me I'd
probably have a different perspective
maybe but life's not about comfort you
know it's really sad but these kind of
things bring us together and man it's
just I'm amazed at how much this has
brought Christians together and
non-christians I mean we're bringing all
Christians into this Christian ministry
and God just works in mysterious ways
this is Paul he's the owner hi Paul so
who lives here man in this massive house
is it just you and your wife okay so how
deep is the water in the house 18 inches
where all these houses covered this
whole street somewhat higher no yeah so
this right here this right here's the
deck that was in front of this shed and
it just soared your land floated over
there talking to you today you kind of
mentioned that you up roughly have a
$200 a month expense budget so we just
here you don't have to use it as
expenses you can use it such a great
example you're an inspiration I teach
these these things and I have a box that
I keep them in and when I'm feeling like
oh my goodness I don't know if I'm where
I'm supposed to be I go back and I read
these cards okay here's a mana facts
have him sound and soar ready to hit the
road we have four hours I stop flogging
before I got to show Paul talking about
how he felt about all of us being there
and it was just really cool how he like
described you like spirit and falling on
to his house he said we were angels he
didn't like he was like certain that we
were all angels there it was really cool
fully booked volunteers there's no room
for any volunteers and tell what next
year sometime yeah what an amazing thing
what an amazing problem
what an awesome experience there as well
catch you tomorrow that weird door mr.
Rob this my god friends little weird
vlogging in front of you guys yeah we'll
see how the world don't forget we love
you and remember changes ready to work
Andrew the woman of the hour
big pieces
