things are going very smoothly around
here today I'm gonna see what I can do
to change things good morning guys
Juliet's napping and the big kids are at
school so it's time for me to make that
ugly Christmas sweater that we went
shopping for last night you guys are
ready for it hey guys got my collar done
it's looking pretty sharp I like it it's
kind of like clownish looking so far and
I know you guys saw me put this on
earlier but I'm gonna take it off
because I forgot to put the collar on
first I'm actually gonna cut this down
and make it like a shorter gift bag and
then put it underneath the collar I'm on
the very very last step of my sweater
and it is to add these cute little
high-heeled
I'm similar
oh goodness Allah so the best is it's so
cute she knows what come sit on my lap
means this is her little princess chair
across my lazy first cross applesauce
and she sits in her protest at the
bougie charity whoa come on guys how you
guys doing today just hanging out with
kids
chiidren they're gonna be watching them
tonight because Nina has a little
fashion shoot that's right a baby was
Ali he'd like look at me like come on
did you say fashion show these are going
very smoothly around here today I'm
gonna do what I can do to change things
he is kind of so you like come on
Abram I'm trying to have a sit back what
can we do to make mommy happy fun giving
it is not yeah yeah yeah good smile what
else can we do there's something we can
do I don't buy her flowers clean the
house
maybe vacuum no you gotta make mommy
happy I don't want to make what y'all
ready happy osseous all right let's see
what you got check it out views on the
floor man don't you dare whoa
you guys are not gonna believe what I
just found look at this I was looking
for Juliet all over the house and I
finally make my way to symphonies room
and she's dumped out the candy basket
eating Symphony's candy please
her face looks so guilty you're so cute
there's paper on it she hasn't time to
figure this one out
yay I got this room all straightened out
once you just walk you with you guys
back there with Juliet and she sound
that little gestures like this things I
help me a little bit so I'm doing what I
can
I mean I just kissed her told her I love
reassured her that I was sorry
sometimes I just feel stumped in this
kind of situation so I just start
cleaning I feel like she appreciates
that I go ahead and kitchen done now
this thing yeah okay buddy look I'll
make a deal with you okay after we build
it we have to donate it okay we could
plug did a couple times cuz it's too big
for a little house look we don't even
have a place for your tracks man yes
ain't works the lane with all these
instructions you dude man I'm
let's fight
Abram and I are tied up so far
all right the score is 28 to 26 I'm here
we go but I gotta get two points to beat
you down son
I win I gotcha
I beat you I beat you I beat you I beat
you down I'm loved yep you're still
alive
you guys ready to sweater
I'm gonna try to channel my inner heidi
klum right now welcome to the almost
ready okay all this stuff glows in the
dark
hohoho but I ran out of money actually
I'll be Michael Kors I love does this
look I love the way you use your
resources
I think it's fun I'm meticulous it's
perfect I love it
alright let's see
what's on the arms let's see the arms
little ornaments so I decided to take
these little high-heeled ornaments and
just drape them down the shoulder here
and on the sleeve and then I transform a
mini Christmas tree skirt into this
massive cool okay so we're getting ready
to post on our instagrams here in just a
bit and you guys will be able to start
voting so we'll let you know this
challenge
you've got the headband Brown try it
looks like a dirt track Tiffany's pinion
necklace and Abram has a submarine and
while the kids are doing that I'm trying
to organize mommy's crafts museum as
Symphony would call it I'm actually
going to get rid of quite a bit of stuff
she just won't do it it's hard for her
to do it but a lot of this stuff is
trash and look at it's just so cluttered
I've already done this part as you see
these shelves looking really good I took
this table out of here and we're gonna
put in Sydney's piano here do that look
at track man you got put yellow lines in
the middle of the road so they know
which way to go on the road that's just
to get them to keep painting to let
snappy
I also plan I'll pick out one of these
shelves I'm gonna take out make it small
and solid ate it I don't know if I
should throw away this box is this Park
special to mommy no look at that I made
this for mommy when I was a waiter this
was the back of my order sheets so
interesting it's like a piece of history
and she has letters from friends I guess
this is a special box or let's see if I
could decipher my writing here it'll
hold it like this to build read this is
Michele Reiter my love is mine for ever
and ever and clever telling lover and to
the earth huh more of it but true
Julie itself from evening nap well hi
there hi how you doing you doing okay
joking yep this is our routine
over here over here over here over here
over here
with the shelf that I took off I want to
put it over here by the back door we
have all this stuff on his back shots so
see the babies crying about those to be
having some movie time in here what's
going on here what is it wait who did
daddy she doesn't want to be in here
anymore okay come on get him cool come
on come on I got that baby come on do
that come back down here me oh no can't
have more candy no no no schools always
hungry all the kids are always hungry do
it we can give her first snack here we
go perfect here you go you want that
burst Nikki yeah sausage oh no not that
okay um here have some peanut butter
doesn't peanut butter no no okay
got some snack mix I got for my birthday
I don't have the chocolate I'll get rid
of the peanuts yeah she went straight
for the chocolate scrape for the
chocolate reminds me I gotta find
something for dinner then I got soaked
up and clean back there it's looking
great you know I'm doing a good thing or
really bad thing by cleaning up Mia's
space over there we'll see what happens
just kind of overwhelms her she doesn't
know what to throw away and I'm really
good about getting rid of stuff that we
don't ever touch I'll do taquitos
all right you guys ready to see this is
what I've done tonight this is the
damage isn't it beautiful
simply what do you think small huh what
do you think mom's my thing you think
she'll be happy or upset that I went
through all our stuff that's the
reaction I want that's the reaction I
need right now that's beautiful
we are here for our ladies on out that
one of our good friends put together and
theme is ugly Christmas sweaters so we
are gonna go watch bad moms to this
theater is sold out of people that are
like connected in different ways there
we go it's going in to vote we'll keep
you guys updated all right Theater
number five
there's Jen she's the hostess
lovely Shinde give props to my girl
Jenna this is so legit I've never been
to something like this I'm moving here
have you like you just come and you sit
down and you watch the movie this is my
other buddy I got the big dinner Bergen
camera out today she just called you
guys so vote for me there's a limit to
high school with Brittany
are you ready for
time to eat some okay y'all it's the
moment of truth who won the best ugly
Christmas sweater budget addition
contractor runway competition we did a
poor job with naming this as you know in
fashion one day you're in and the next
day you're out
sandy Mia one of you will be out sandy
you are lots and lots of minutes to do
it's dolly oh my gosh we decided that I
am Amy from the show
she's key Carla Amy Carla Kiki know
there's a little sandy in there already
the mom the old mom anyway guys I had so
much fun with the girls yes I need to go
to bed
wish me luck guys I hope Mia loves it I
hope mostly that it distracts our just a
little bit the stupid thing I did and
that it'll remind her that I love her
and that I would do anything for her and
that I'm stupid and I make mistakes and
I'm in forever regretful for what I did
anyway let's get the comment of the day
it goes to Taylor Lily Stepney's crying
face is seriously the cutest I wish I
liked that cute when I cried
lol I'm Taylor all our kids are so cute
and I cry it is so hard to punish them
because they just look so dang sweetened
so cute that's comment of the day I want
to start doing question of the day it's
a question of the day today is it ever
okay to be mean to someone leave it down
with the comment section below we'll see
you guys tomorrow tomorrow we got some
little awesome plans a huge thing for me
at least is happening no per whole
family and I'm just so pumped about it
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other
welcome to Houston Americans per swear
we're serving in the name of Jesus and
this is your third storm to be in have
you had to like fit your whole house the
amount of pains people are going through
