like your trouble so we're gonna do a
budget addition for our Glee Christmas
sweaters good afternoon guys how are you
today we're just kind of chilling out
after-school programming going on over
here trying to get apron munch I'm Iron
Giant but didn't happen he decided to
turn on Free Willy instead really over
Iron Giant come on I have a good excuse
I didn't realize you guys are like we're
watching something she's been having
planned every night for like over a week
and I could just tell that her private
area rage just like every no it's kind
of like dealing okay so she needs him
she needs some downtown some lady time
I'm making the kids a yummy healthy
snack tree they're gonna sit down on the
ground
today
any more trouble you're eating my pen
itself why'd you control for sharpen
your pencil no idea and why did she
bring it to the library the library's in
their classrooms but he basically did it
to get everything out of there these
days so she'll stop fiddling around in
the best she was obviously sharpen your
pencil oh poor girl so easily distracted
I mean she is so hard to teach the
piping and our first worth it you know
cause I see her learning slowly so it's
okay
check out the after-school snacks of all
after school snacks
we got after-school snacks too look at
those kills baby baby baby girl been
snacking on apples quite a bit lately
God who loves them you're welcome
symphony is making a pinwheel for her
homework nice job this is symphony
social studies homework I am taking the
easy way out for dinner tonight I'm
doing a frozen pizza because we I mean
the kids just had a huge snack tray it's
only been about two hours that they had
that there's no way that they're like
massively okay so we're just gonna have
like a lazy little meal and symphonies
reaching for the camera nothing to show
them oh yeah guys seriously Pablo I'm
like right now trying to be shot by
three people right gonna need some tips
so call me down below some tips to not
be sugar break up laser tag or anything
come on little let's go
daddy is that all you got
I'll shoot which is right now I put that
sword away oh man she's got the sword so
gosh feel really weird out here at this
hour
I am waiting on sandy to pick me up we
are gonna go do something so fun and
funny you guys I am so stinkin excited
and can't wait to do this with you guys
you're gonna love it
I know it's funny cuz I'll be behind it
alright okay you guys it's like 9:30
p.m. at night and Sandy and I are about
to do budget edition Project Runway
hashtag Christmas so here are the rolls
semi impromptu made up just now okay so
I'm newly into the show Project Runway
which how did none of you tell me about
this show before I'm like the crafty no
I'm on season 10 now and I love it so
we're gonna do a budget addition for our
Glee Christmas sweaters where ladies
night out tomorrow night and you guys
are the judgmental man I feel like I'm
starting off with the losing total okay
so I'm not depend on my Tim Gunn but ok
ladies the challenges do I sound like
you yeah so here's the objective of our
challenge
we both have 15 dollars to spend okay we
can spend it on whatever we want and we
have also 15 minutes $15 $15 15 minutes
and then we're gonna meet back in the
middle show you guys on all we got and
then I guess you guys are gonna have to
come back tomorrow to see what our
sweaters turned out when we got put them
together I guess yeah okay yes no not me
the people that come here
ah
I was looking this is what I grabbed
this stuff to make my shirt hopefully
it's all under $15 I was adding and
walking and then added more stuff as I
was walking okay here you go you guys
saw most of my stuff so let's see but we
got to check out together we were going
to check on two separate registers no
you can't we have to spend only $15 fine
yep check receipt she's checking out
over there I'm checking out over here we
should have just used the sweater from
home we ended up raising our limit
because my first tooling went over and I
was like crap Artyom take them out so I
just kept skating everything it just
went to 19 9 lives in 1943 she spent 43
cents mine was 19 even I was done at 14
33 I could have been done too but I had
already put it on spec 19 under $20 all
right guys if you want to see who's
gonna win this competition I got to come
back tomorrow hopefully you guys follow
us on Instagram that's where this
competition is going down tomorrow and
if you don't follow us it's at Nia girl
9 and at ABC underscore sandy so yes
doesn't been so much fun and I'm so
excited to put up an Instagram poll yes
we know there's a way I just don't know
it's gonna be up and come back tomorrow
see who win and I will see you guys
tomorrow with that girl it's gonna be
the best ladies night out you guys are
gonna probably love it well you girls
will love it for sure guys you'll like
it too I'm hanging out with all my
girlfriends so we'll see you guys there
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other remember to use a round
here today I'm gonna do what if they did
change things
I gotcha
