and coolest dad award goes to this guy
Barney
okay you guys took a break from t-swift
getting ready to make sweet corn on the
cob veggies today at Abraham's class
party he's having a Halloween party at
his class I am making little mini corn
on the cob aka mini hay bales I'm gonna
try to do a little sign with them but I
don't know
so if you didn't know I'm Taylor Swift
today and I am the version from you
belong with me all of my girlfriends are
versions of Taylor Swift ooh it is so
super cute oh my gosh that is so
adorable
guys you want to see on my shirt turned
out I haven't really got to show you
guys like a final product of my shirt
that you saw me making them at with Sam
here it is do you guys see anything
special you guys are on my shirt Jason
here Red Ranger from Power Rangers if
you never heard of me I seriously kick
but I went ahead and iron on this patch
here it's not on the original outfit in
the original movie but sometimes I just
thought it would add something because
most of the his outfits he has something
right here except the first one and to
me like without it it looks a little bit
like Charlie Brown so I'm going to
surprise a brunette at school my Power
Ranger costume actually it's not really
surprised I asked if he wanted me to
come dressed up and he said you bet
listen no guys okay so remember one time
I was dressed up as something I was like
Abram do you want me to change
oh yeah the cow and he was like yeah I
think you should change mom before you
take me to school
so today Sam asked him if he wanted him
to dress up like a Power Ranger I don't
know if Sam saw the look on Abraham's
face but he was like he looked at me he
looked at me and then he was like you
could tell he thought in his head I'm
gonna say yes to make dad happy he was
like you bet no excitement he is sort of
he's gonna be the one that gets
embarrassed of us babe or we're gonna
take advantage oh we can I mean he is
just like you need to change where you
come risky for well-packaged I'm not
calling lied so that it would take 20
minutes max wouldn't say max but I mean
you know so I'm gonna take about 20
minutes total and it had been 45 minutes
and that corn was nowhere near cooked so
I have to stop by the store just bitter
veggie trade and it's just Abram thinks
I'm bringing corn he's gonna be so
disappointed
when I show up without corn-on-the-cob
Reggie's thank you
and I'll see any veggie trays oh wait
was I thinking mashed potatoes the
Monster Mash are running their butchers
I got the mashed potatoes if you're
still listening to me on the radio
burger burger rule I'm not ready for
these jokes to stop and coolest dad
award goes to
and were you happy that I came to your
school dressed up as a Power Ranger I
told you guys who are you shining from
you guys do is it but isn't my costume
cool
no you are you but what was if one of
your friends daddies came dressed up
like that what you think it was cool huh
I bottle inside Abram who am i today
hey Taylor who hey I'm Taylor spot today
I'm sorry the real Taylor can't thing
right now why that came on in front of
Sabrina today
I is it the first time in eight years
we've had a trick-or-treater come to
this house they never come here they
just don't ever come or we're always
gone and they do come because we go to
things at our church we've always done
the things and been gone on Halloween so
anyways yeah that was cool and it was
little miles my favorite breakfast and
you have to go I hope you're happy to
get how many guys look back like that
babe Mike over there like you're funny
this guy got the blue one so this is how
the game turned out guys let me show you
the finished product these things kind
of come off the blue one you get green
you get three candies orange you get to
do they want to try this
i wittle bunny
it's like an upgrade totally beating you
it says he must be a Power Rangers fan
tattoos I get this chic look Ryan let's
see what you got you did a good job we
are getting a glitter tattoo of a rose
what color do you want
I like it it looks pretty cool I think
that's my favorite one I've done all
night you know what they say vampires
always deserve you got a minnow you got
some baby
this is your weapon is your face music
sorry every kid is candy come on guys go
get as much free candy as you can it's
all freeze if you can make it in the
helmet
it's conspiring man guys check it out oh
my got to make a quick warm-up run
Symphony come here comes if with my back
all the way
go to bed
can I sweetie I love you yes guys I got
a matching zip up my costume reveal my
identity I got and then a purse a to be
taking stuff on there's so much fun
being a Power Ranger thanks for joining
us today guys we'll catch you tomorrow
for remember last year we did it guys I
got all that hate from and I to take it
down that was funny
they mean do anything wrong I was just
telling my kid like didn't eat their
candy I was confusing them so bad I'll
catch you guys tomorrow don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
so we're gonna do a budget addition for
our ugly Christmas sweaters
