nobody tell the truth and be honest
you're gonna sit there we're all going
to church together did you get me power
injury underwear I'm a giant boy she'll
be right back buddy
and after church we could mean you can
play outside after your nap time
gamora fan basically how are you guys
doing this Sunday morning we are off to
church you guys didn't catch that this
morning
Symphony has a birthday party to attend
after church and Abram wasn't invited
sorry yes we said we're going to get him
kiss me on sad because when one exciting
and fun thing happens to somebody it
should happen to everybody right his
life is fair that way a really kids life
is not fair there's always somebody
doing or having bigger bigger and better
things than you always my knee and I are
teaching today today's vest day for the
Raider family even will joel has a vest
but hers is like a Eskimo vest mom I
love to send a picture cuz we're all
looking alike Johnnie just asked me to
speak in front of the church about my
trip to Houston I'm nervous you
shouldn't have had any coffee
what have to speak in front of people I
don't have that coffee because I feel
like
you know what I have coffee on top is
speaking publicly I'm like oh it's gonna
be nothing but we're a special teacher
helper today my sister Rachel all right
sure
now we're on a few scenarios and what
you guys would also share with you guys
just a few hundred kids in here right
now I'm gonna with your guys to tell our
kids ministry raise $460 Indian policy
so healing but I was loved with that
discerning Houston was just amazed I was
just I was overwhelmed by seeing all the
people come together and serve Jesus
we're gonna learn about self-control
during this you have to listen really
carefully so like don't act too soon
take one step forward if you clean your
room before church this morning taking
one step forward if you brush your teeth
before church this morning nobody take a
step forward if you are nice to your
brother or sister this morning if you
are nice be nice to look this morning
Dan work hard for the King you always
made time to pray and worship God Daniel
then you could control his actions and
feelings inside he had self-control and
and did things well
let's make some others who serve the
king angry yeah tell the truth and be
honest no matter what we're all going to
say one thing that we need self-control
in that we can do better in our lives
and we're gonna draw it on a piece of
paper I'll go first
I need more self-control with patience I
don't know how to draw that but I'll
figure it out
Rachel love innocent patience with you
no words okay Stephanie what is
something that you need self-control
that um limit I'm gonna go this I don't
I'm gonna say any self-control and good
eating habits you know I need to start
eating a little bit healthier you guys
know to me
every church making the family lunch
rooms happy meal as promised and here's
the good plan honey you're right they
give out mass but the town's not to wear
them Sam what did you learn from church
today self-control just like everybody
else although I did order two hamburgers
no you did not I do her Coco why did you
order a coke I didn't hear that that's
why you looked at me you guys I don't
see him look at me when he was ordering
like in this sneaky way and I was like
is he waiting for me to tell him a drink
he knows I just want water so I just
kind of ignored him I was there I'm
floating a picture on Instagram and that
is why he ordered a coke and I always
say no don't get close babe why because
I'm fighting like self-control notice
what you've really was worth in the code
self-control forced on you that
Symphony's homework before she headed
off to the party they just ran out the
door and they aren't going this was my
project during nap time I hear Juliet on
the monitor she's waking up but I just
had to show you guys so it's finally
fall enough that I have to take out most
of my summer wear that I just cannot
wear anymore fashion wise come and take
it - I got to take a 10-minute nap wall
and go - so dumb and I'll take it to
that side of the house and keep my my
fall clothes on this side of the house I
folded this entire basket full of socks
for the whole family and now I got to go
deliver them
I hear a Bubbe there is Juliet's helping
a room clean up his room
oh here six it can you see yourself in a
room smear so Tuesday we're having our
little Halloween festival that we have
every at myself and I'm in charge of
putting together one of the games and
I'm gonna do something different
yesterday Juliet took the pumpkin seeds
and dumped it upside down an Abrams
journey to the
I don't even entirely know what we're
here to get but I know it's for the fall
festival that we're gonna be doing with
our GC it's time to get it in gear and
get Sam's playing tiny tiny girl you
better hold on tight first things first
I need a nerf gun okay let's see here
this is what we'll do yeah so my idea is
that have a couple of these and built
some targets for kids to shoot at and
when they hit certain targets they get a
certain amount of candy you know with
this butcher passion or something but
I'm going to get a couple but I'm
getting them for the game at Mike's
house okay that's crazy
all right so yeah we're gonna do a bunch
of these I'm gonna do the orange are the
cheapest amount of candy you got the
gravy second-most if you hit the blue
will be the most points yeah three
pieces of candy
all right guys he has a mock target over
there reason I bought these guns was
because really I've always wanted to own
one
I bought two over but um I definitely
got to go get a gun that doesn't shoot
as hard because well that's it they're
just too hard I want to go like sir
conformed or the colonel so I'm gonna
get my double-sided tape your coat a
little piece off and tape them to the
back of these at the hinge at the top of
the cutout like I've done right
put it back in place line it up nice and
perfect wait and tip the hinge to the
inside of the pumpkin don't you hit it
boom
hopefully the bullet will go in here
I'll be able to easily collect them I'm
gonna line them up like this and the
booby the most points pretty second-most
and then orange will be the third most
amount of point and in the circles the
target will get smaller and smaller this
one will be really small what do you
guys think sounds fun
civvies home from a party whose party
was it a shot shot climbing the tree
with you you better be careful what did
you say you're kind of mad are you mad
how's it amazed you have cake what kind
was it um cherry cherry cake so now that
you're back I'm gonna cook dinner okay
okay you're gonna be my helper I have
got to get our garlic bread hopped into
the oven Symphony do you notice anything
weird about me yes what do you think's
in there I open it yes but first here
just take two guests apples no try again
hey they're all your socks I did all of
your celery today I got like 20 pairs
out of my basket ah man what an easy way
to do laundry just wear a big dress and
dump things where they go no Dave I'm
sorry 6 9 19 pairs this is what it looks
like walking her home do you notice
something funny about my dress mm-hmm
what do you think is in there a new
place you think there's a new dress in
my dress no try again ha
no open it up see what then I did all
the socks I matched all your socks today
you're welcome symphonies running around
putting this little bag together for
school what do I see in there Fox man
smashing Tomatoes so what are you
putting together here Symphony okay so
my teacher said we need to find six
things that describe me you have two
more things what else do you want to
take I don't really know yet go pick I
have a suggestion okay because you're a
big sister and you're a really good one
is there something you could take that
would show your class that you're a big
sister what is everyone doing a fashion
show he's doing
crazy right so I got the brand-new Mario
guys on the switch and it is so awesome
it is a really cool Mario that's been
the best my Harborplace
alright oh you like it - not even got to
play this video game I used to never
play video games but you know they say
the average annual gamer is between 30
and like 40 or something like that at
the time when men feel like hey I can
relax and start playing video games I
have my adult job and of my kids and I
need somehow to wind down you know in
video games is that for me lately
it's time for comment of the day and it
goes to Jordan my boyfriend is working
for Samaritan's Purse in Haiti for a
year he's overseen the construction of
250 to 300 homes on Jordan that's
awesome
overs that's man that sounds something
that sounds like Amy's job yeah that's
kind of what Amy's doing the lady lady
who was leading us just kind of goes
around and serves full time all righty
guys I hope you enjoyed this Sunday with
us sundays are like the best day of the
week and the worst at the same time cuz
that means a weekend's over
but anyways we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other and course dad award
goes to easy collect them that's nice
