are you serious it was broken oh come on
said this first time use power tool
which is doing it on a pumpkin therefore
new guys welcome to the blog where we're
going to be spending most of it here at
this pumpkin patch we're gonna do some
pumpkins go home do some carving it's
not too late she's gonna ruin lazy day
for us heyyou has the coldest day of
fall so far
you just broke it all right you're good
that's yours to carve thank you that's
the one you get to carve he's upset
because she broke her pumpkin don't tell
him you broke it and asked if you could
pick out another one that's the only way
we'll know if you let us get around
freezing out here this is where I got my
massive pump khun's last year this is
why we came back here I'm hoping they'll
have some math ones sure that's okay
yeah it's not a problem I've got plenty
of pie well that's not what you should
do okay okay don't be brave with my if
the dragon was out that he be mad when
it came out but he's sleeping
to me I told him I think he should draw
an emoji on his pumpkin or carve an
emoji that's kind of our thing I think
you guys would like that don't you guys
think so I watched this little Pinterest
video today of how to marbleize your
pumpkin with paint it's actually I think
I'm gonna try that out tonight when we
sit down to start working on our
pumpkins I don't know Sam's gonna go
scope out a couple more big pumpkins we
got stuck in so much construction up
here you guys now we're hearing it's
freezing it was like an hour to get here
which normally would have been like 25
minutes
he worked in so hard on some pants what
are you working on sugar baby oh I got
two big pumpkin two big macs wonderful I
already told on us I would make one an
emoji and the next one maybe we let the
kids decide each one feature like
everyone can decide one I said they can
decide the other
that would be crazy look you know like
it's an Minea designed I'm just
brainstorming here I never know
so symphony we did end up having to buy
the broken one okay so you're gonna have
to earn that one awful girl you're gonna
pay for it
you gotta earn three dollars nothing was
$3 okay we could do some work going down
we got about halfway home we're like Oh
what are we gonna put inside of these
giant pumpkins once we carve them so I
made us up at Walmart to get some LED
candles I think I need a lot though like
I think I'm gonna need at least three
for each big one so that's 6 and then
Symphony has a little ones I'll get her
one okay you can see ok Symphony so
here's what we're gonna be doing
okay everyone shaking up nail polish and
what we're gonna do down in this water
I'm gonna marbleize a pumpkin so what
you want to do is open it up and you
want to drip down at least like three or
four drips down in there
okay now we're gonna take this little
white pumpkin and dip it down in the
nail-polish water and it's gonna come up
marvel eyes I think if it were if it
works out straight down you can kind of
swirl it around pick up all the colors
there's a dock you don't use wrong now
pick it out and look out good it should
dry like this
if you guys want a better way to cut up
in a pumpkin use a drywall knife so much
better than others cheap little pumpkin
nine sharper and does the same exact
thing
because does a green team I know the
pumpkin was gonna grow in that
guys check it out this is the first time
ever ever carved a pumpkin I know who's
a little wonky but you know still kind
of proud of him his name's Bob
I fight Abrams led a fidget spinner and
everyone in it was pretty cool was like
disco Bob it's the best first time to
use power at all that she's doing it on
a pumpkin
pushed it out
the light off for me sit we got here
let's check it out okay looks cool huh
say hi five day yeah be easier on me
okay here's a candle sit in there turn
it around
oh love it's a kiss emoji - hello guys
thanks for chilling out with us on this
little simple pumpkin carving day we
hope you enjoyed it we hope you enjoyed
carving your pumpkins we'd love to see
what you guys have carved to show us
what you guys have carved let's do some
kind of hashtag must-do cemani a pumpkin
carving hashtag salmony a pumpkin
carving so you can see all the fam
basics different carvings you can tag us
on Instagram post it that way
now be fun doing it guys alright don't
forget we love you remember to love each
other
julia was hoping symphony
