happy birthday good morning guys as you
see the birthday boy is out there taking
his birthday now and it's time for me to
get started on the birthday cake I am
attempting something I've never done
before ever most likely will never do
again unless this turns out to be us to
mash it first of all though do you guys
notice anything different about me
anything at all think about it as I blog
and tell me I'll let you guys know later
on today what it is I'll give you a hint
probably only makeup gurus will realize
the difference
so before I start on the cake I wanted
to show you guys this thing that I made
it is a birthday menu and so far we've
done breakfast and lunch although he's
sleeping through lunch right now so I'm
just gonna kind of keep it over here and
get started on the cake or breakfast so
you guys got to go check out my
Instagram it's near girl 90 and I made
banana cookie butter biscuits and green
alrighty these are the ingredients for
Sam attempting to make a homemade Oreo
ice cream cake a cookie birthday
my favorite thank you so much though
would you get you got me Head &
Shoulders Old Spice swagger thank you
you got me some Hershey snack mix I know
right those for yourself thank you sissy
daddy don't forget there's a card
picking out of the emoji
oh there's your anything Nazi nothing oh
happy birthday
hey that one's mine that one looked at
the kiss you mother do with the
sunglasses that's what a new Captain
America physik you kidding me but it's
so cool look at the shows a little thank
you every day yes everybody tell me what
this one was over and over he did over
and over I think it's awesome man hey
guys now is the frantic part of the day
where I am trying to do about three more
minutes everyone will be in the car and
then I'll bring the food out the K is
doing really good symphonie said you
look like a yummy snack
why are you tattling I always tell you
that you look yummy and I want to eat
you up
oh she was saying that you look like a
yummy snack for a fox now
look at though these were symphonies
little sandals that she wore in the fall
of 2011 hey Juliet show them how you
count one did you guys hear that she did
it like five times eight you say one one
one so yeah guys today's my birthday so
I'm just gonna go ahead and accept that
and accept I'm now 32 years ago super
excited about it though I just I'm so
thankful to be 32 and sorry about my
beard I'm thinking about really cleaning
this thing up it's getting really out of
hand
I was thinking you should shave it all
off 12 a clean face and they didn't do
no-shave November who wants does he see
him do that so now you guys know I'm the
red ranger are you guys ready for this
more than time
my name is Billy what does the Fox say
you just take now to surprise we'll see
what it is what is it
I guess it kills zombie and Freddy
Krueger Freddy Krueger zombie pirate
princess with taylor swift fox billy
double ranger Oh work glasses I know I'm
Taylor Swift am is the worst that
letting surprises happen driving me
crazy all day long trying to wait till
after dinner and then tell you guys are
going but now you're asking everybody
that's not gonna be a special so I don't
know why do you think you need my vision
oh yeah oh yeah we're not all going just
you boys and Richie this is all that's
left of dinner it's time for me to
complete the cake in doodoo things can
melt there everything
this is that good like the drink or head
that looks really good
wish I wish for at least one more year
of life a second one true can you told
everyone just one is it good buddy good
Symphony for those of you who don't know
but they won't win their face time in
this window wow I didn't know Symphony
can pay you dr. Smith oh is that what
that is the tongue was really creative
Symphony to pour to you just might have
a little career during fall time when
you get older that was so good Wow early
was did you see em shut their eyes
though
breathe stuff alright guys don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other everyday thinking
yeah my beer looks great son
