okay mom has been delivered our sweet
girl has a smile on her face
sister you ready to hit the road oh my
gosh major mom failed today is spirit
day at Symphony School and I totally
forgot we got this little mutt made for
her so now I'm kind of rushing back to
the school to get her her mom okay so
long story short I punched and waited
for her to find a folder because her
little friend ended up taking it home
what did they do I don't know I was
waiting for her to come back out to make
sure she never folder because she had
some homework in there and I wanted to
let's take a look at it see if she could
get it done before the bell rang so she
didn't come back out 10:00 and she was
running around kind of frantically just
a little bit not totally frantically so
finally I was like Anthony I'm over here
it's just like mommy wait it's very day
she wasn't even crying or anything but
she looked that she was just heartbroken
and so frustrated and I said oh no baby
I'm so sorry
so now I'm headed back to the school
okay mom has been delivered our sweet
girl has a smile on her face right is
school work time now for the study man
and we have got to find what page did W
that's really all they need a trained
what letters next W X we're gonna do
only capitals and you're gonna color
them in brown or chase them whichever
one you do beg and beg and beg yes
that's right while abram traces his exes
it's time for me to wait Josie up from
her morning nap and give her a little
snack
hey sweet girl now what code you like IV
use are you so excited for apples
I made one myself did that GU trace it
all by yourself
good job can you make one by yourself
start here and I go around
you get all dates II start out small you
got a little bit bigger and even a
little bit bigger okay guys we are
headed out once again we have an errand
that's been sitting around waiting to be
done for like months and we just keep
adding to it and adding to it and adding
to it and it's donating to the Genesis
Center we have had a huge bag of toys
from Abraham's hideout that he decided
he wanted to donate and then also just
clothes that we don't wear anymore that
are so in really great condition and it
is just time to take them over there
sister are you ready to hit the road how
are you feeling about donating all those
baby toys for the first time you're
feeling good about it why are you
feeling good they casually donated Eve
made toys do you feel good because
they're gonna go to other little kids do
you think it's gonna make them happy
yeah do you think maybe they'll get some
for Christmas
there they go they're gonna go make some
other little kid real happy hey guys so
your home naps have been had work has
been done and now the kids are awake and
I thought that would be a fun cute
little surprise for daddy he comes home
tonight if I were to paint julietstone
for the first time ever in just a minute
okay oh my cute
Oh
mg you guys there's really not much
cuter than baby toenails that if I
didn't we could easily do that Oh baby
she's so curious and cute there's your
cue Abram licking her toes yes what do
you think
oh goodness you're a mess oh she's
trying to show you oh my goodness Abram
you have to look you have to go down
like her toes that is a cutest thing oh
look at your towels true how was your
day baby
how was recessed ceiling no luck it was
amazing what'd she do she's male hold on
that one too she did
oh that's toe would you read and
it was hard and he got everywhere yeah
you probably shoulda got it you're right
I brought it up
why does she have pink toes fine I care
Tiffany honey I wish we could take those
up and teach you the old Enya
what she's way older than you were when
I first painted yours
how old was I when you were eight months
boy we're at Walmart to get daddy some
stuff tomorrow is Donny Sam's birthday
so everyone's gonna pick out a couple of
things right and we are going to just
have fun and spoil our dad in the best
way possible
the trailer was a little bit of a
birthday surprise it was kind of like my
way of saying like happy birthday like
to move forward with our plans in
Oklahoma and you know just kind of a
little bit of a motivator that happened
to be coming around his birthday Jay
okay guys are we gonna start in the
candy or do you guys want to start with
like a present for Dad okay let's go to
the candy yet all right Symphony which
one do you want for dad he told me that
he really loves Snickers okay okay mmm
it's your turn okay that's a good one
daddy loves Reese's okay hug now go find
the keys you're gonna get daddy Reese's
Pieces yeah wait a minute before I let
you down and go crazy I have to put your
Chanel up hang on hang on
you get your picture
oh man but daddy's candy in now let's
just hope that daddy's not going through
one of his super super healthy phases on
his birthday
sometimes daddy wants a lot fruit and
sometimes he likes our candies oh I
don't quit this birthday though buddy
now it's I'm trying to get from the kids
I want to get him something from the
collection
okay somebody do you see anything
Captain America for him
Oh what did she find here oh is that a
Captain America fidget cube whoa okay
buddy it's your turn now what ILD you
want to go to for Dad go on you won't go
on this aisle okay let's see here I'm
especially gonna get him you're
especially gonna get daddy that magic
bowl yeah bowling ball love deploying
boss - depends
oh wow all right Julia where do you want
to go for daddy heard that right okay
this is a really good choice go ahead
get one you want oh she wants the bigger
one for daddy that's even better
Wow good choice for daddy you will love
that okay so the kids have all chosen
their candy and gifts and outs time for
us to go find some wrapping for this pad
in there what there's a raccoon bear
thing following me wow what a cute
raccoon bear excuse me have you seen
symphony you have wait it sounds just
like wait a minute the bear sounds just
like symphonies
wait a minute it is Symphony alright
Symphony you get to pick out one
wrapping paper whoo
fancy I like it it's your turn you can
get down and pick a bag but you need a
pretty big bag emoji and it comes with a
card and tissue paper Josie needs a bag
wait let's let her pick let's let her
pick paint if you get to come paper bag
for daddy are you ready she's ready
Abram is signing daddy's birthday car
Symphony is finishing up her homework
messy hair do you want to sign daddy's
card there we go Wow daddy will love
that nice emoji buddy that's daddy's
emoji what kind of emoji is it okay
we're gonna let Symphony wrap her gift
first so you can choose between the bags
that we ended up with which one do you
want to wrap your gift in I will know
around by now and now okay
can you drop daddy's chopstick down in
here now daddy can you put it in here
for daddy
drop it put it in
we are now wrapping daddy's present
perfect job you guys good job
okay I'm are you ready for your
instructions here's what you're gonna do
you are gonna take this and you're just
gonna roll it all up okay roll it
towards mom good job you guys you're
wrapping your first present daddy I got
you a bowling ball present I got you
some Reese's Pieces hey daddy I love you
too
everyone is fast asleep
mmm hopefully no hopefully any meaning
that I love it when evening end this way
where I feel accomplished everything I
wanted to get done before Sam get home
get done and so yeah come back tomorrow
to see all the birthday festivities
there are definitely some things planned
that I have not shared with you guys yet
they are a surprise for Sam to an extent
and it's just gonna be a great day and
an even better night so we'll see you
guys there make sure and come back yo
Sam lots of birthday wishes down in this
video and don't forget guys we love you
and remember to love each other I can't
see you look it down I know there's so
many cool things on the toilet you're
gonna whale
