okay let's go get Donna hey so man Oh
Jules
symphonie Abram want to get donut when I
go to the donut shop yes I can't I get
dressed
thank you such a big guy oh is that how
you doing you lay out your clothes Wow
you big bully okay let's go get down
Abram did you have any dreams last night
Symphony did you have any no you didn't
have any dreams oh yeah what was it I
think it was a day that we spent me and
Abram spent the night at someone's house
good morning guys we are up before the
side and we're headed to the donut shop
just for something fun to do this
morning daddy's out of town on his
mission trip and I always like to pick
one day that we go to the donut shop
we Lunchables for lunch which is what I
packed for them and then we'll have
something fun for dinner tonight also
that's right
Bobby don't cry about daddy mommy's here
and daddy will be home soon
oh oh oh my you guys
okay you want sprinkles but she only has
orange with sprinkles
okay okay what the day first things
first I don't at all right clothes for
you
can you share with Jules everyone forgot
to tell me something
thank you mommy you're welcome that all
I get
thank you you're welcome I like that
smile okay let's take Symphony to school
believe it or not we left the house 20
minutes early we are leaving the donut
shop 10 minutes late are you ready for
school
it's just over there into the morning
are you peeking back out your friends
put into Mama usually go home and have
everyone's toys she's so mad Oh Jules
she wanted to stay above a school I keep
telling me it's not too much longer and
then she'll get to stay at school I'll
be all with all the fun toys and all the
learning games hey in my defense we have
fun toys and learning games at home too
and we utilize YouTube Josie we're gonna
call him to read and learn our alphabet
and animal sounds like the lion we got
home a couple hours ago Juliet took her
now I know it's time to get up and we're
gonna go have lunch
slash brunch with some friends hi hair
look at that hairdo I missed you and
you're nothing you're gonna do what
you're gonna do baby boo baby boo
hi everyone
what does the lion say look at those
toes hey what you're so cute
I want some maybe Blaine's home take
those guys look how cute she has started
sticking her feet out with its tummy get
dressed I guess they're already sticking
out you don't need to show up yeah yeah
yeah yeah you did that are you ready to
go to brunch with your bunny shoes let
me see your shoes okay guys so we've
been working really hard on our animal
sounds I just taught her another one
yeah let's see if she'll do it what is
it elephant say I want to play and
explore okay bye look who's riding
forward Sammy I'm gonna go meet Katie
for brunch lunch
abran would love this he's been talking
about these black are you ready to see
all the flags they're gonna be really
cool Wow do you see all those yeah just
flag hello we're at golden chicken just
opened up and Terrell they down the road
from where we live ladies on her way
through for business I get it so we're
meeting for lunch French I don't know
what you call it at this network Oh
smells like chicken ooh hi Katie
I'm trying to put it in high as one fun
fact about Katy she doesn't like
vegetables but she likes salads now now
that she's a grown up she went straight
for the Kleenex and started cleaning the
floor good job we have moved on to tater
now we're just running a few errands
here that he has to do and he's running
around potentially cleaning the place
now she sees a man she wants what do you
see baby what somebody thought you were
gonna touch it and it stopped you
she's so cute she touches the ball touch
things
oh my goodness do you wanna ride Oh
she's so funny again with the glass but
why can't I get in this building is
making me Juliet like can you read it
sometimes when she sees letters she'll
be like guys everybody can I shall i
protection cuz we always read three
books and so like that is so cute and
doing her homework like such a good
student yes we're gonna have a shell and
not so even though you don't want to be
doing homework you're doing it anyway so
we can go have some fun pretty much well
like that so yeah half up half down
because I'm happy that we're going to
lunch oh I'm sad we have to do it I
understand that but I'm proud of you for
sticking it out and finishing up she's
playing with all her blocks I had to
replace the blocks for this train
because well we lost them all we've been
working on the letter A this is a a is
for airplane and Abram they were good
job Abram is being a little scientist
over here he wants to show us what he's
got going on I was never good at
shooting those things either but I can
give it a try everyone what an elephant
day
no it doesn't say cheese check me bunny
oh you got the magnet okay but let's see
if I can do this I used to be really bad
at it and then I felt like I got it oh I
don't know how to do it sorry bud
you know what why don't we just roll it
up in a ball a burger oh it went further
okay everyone has their books and we are
off to go have dinner and a playdate
would not
the gun we made it to shells hub we're
here having a playdate Juliet just got
sad so she's showing her some filters
Symphony is going to town over here
you're so cute amongst all these boy
toys or finding things that you're
interested refused to take any
government funding because that would
interfere with that mission and bring
the homeowners who has been working with
all day long they bring them in to
dinner with us we'll have dinner with
them and people talk about what's been
exhausting and today this this older
lady should look maybe 90 she gave the
cutest and funniest testimony she's so
funny I was like oh my gosh she's like
smart she's talking it's not right you
come out here and your relationship with
the Lord with each other hey you guys it
has been a very long and fun-filled day
is finally time to wind down for my day
I have just been finishing up a ton of
laundry comment of the day goes to I
chose this one because their name first
of all is just so relevant because I'm
wearing a cow costume in today's video
but I love their comment it says we are
a full-time camper and I love it it's
super fun and that is so cool to hear
that people do that because honestly
sometimes when I think about spending
the weekend or a week all crammed in one
camper I think it might be a little
overwhelming but then we'll all go out
to the camper while it's still sitting
here and it's so much fun we all love it
and it's so roomy in there despite what
you think it's just actually so roomy
and the kids just love to just play over
here and then
over there so thank you for sharing that
comment I would love to hear more
comments about you guys who spend your
time eagerly or full-time in a camper
and what do you guys do for fun while
you're cooped up in those places alright
guys well we will see you all tomorrow
daddy is coming home tomorrow so we're
gonna be all one big family under the
same roof again and I'm SuperDuper
excited about it and the kids especially
are just over the moon cannot wait this
is like the countdown it's finally the
day that daddy comes home come along and
do it with me we'll see you guys there
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
welcome to Houston Americans first where
we're serving in the name of Jesus and
this is your third storm to begin if you
had to like triple the amount of paying
these people are going through excuse
you
