guys your surprise has arrived so I'm
the camper she's the center of attention
and she knows it you excited to have
mommy daddy Paul guys your surprise has
arrived we eat it yep
can you tell what it is yet
all right good morning guys the kids
just cooperated with Sam and I doing
something really fun I am rewarding them
with a surprise and they've been having
to wait for it all morning
I think Abraham's getting hotter
surprise
you would never skip that surprise I
mean if we don't listen we'll set skip
our surprise well maybe there's part two
of your surprise let's give them a tour
guide go open the door and show them in
our trailer it's cool in there Symphony
why don't you ask BMO what part two of
the surprises hey she thinks that you
coming over here is her surprise she
doesn't even know what part two is me
Taylor you want to you going up with me
the camper welcome to our new camper
there's a couch daddy if you want to sit
on the couch yes it also flattened out
it makes a bed I need to turn the air on
we turned it off earlier yeah I know
isn't it was a good price - it was
really good deal they came with all
these little decorations and all that oh
no you are too cool whoa
where's the light
oh there we go don't we get some light
in here Abram it's your turn to find out
part 2 of the surprise the Ranger is
ready okay look at Bebo she's gonna tell
you what your next part of your
surprises or no one made you did so you
get to have a slumber party of people
well I already packed for you you did
yeah I was keeping the surprise all day
long why did you feel it moving how's
your nose dad good hey guys the kids are
gone now this baby is missing them near
ran in the store to get some ice cream
and cake for Andrew's birthday Barney
grew another house to celebrate it I
think it's just us four and this little
baby he's so cranky I have no idea
what's going on what's going on baby
what you're so easy to make happy so
sweet
hey don't point at the fam baby basic
he's not like this you see the food
peek-a-boo peek-a-boo peek-a-boo in
Walmart my hands were disgusting
so when we get there I'm going to kind
of use the flowers to decorate the cake
and I got candles too and little pearls
so they didn't that's three different
cakes that I put together in the Walmart
line no in the line I was like lifting
the cake off my hands are so nasty world
yes there's a square one on top
this is gonna be fun taking just Juliet
out we don't do this very often you
excited have mommy and daddy all to
yourself the restaurant guys
hero
guys I seriously don't understand he's
like constantly happy she's so excited
have us to herself I know you can just
tell she's like such a little ham
tonight she's the center of attention
and she knows it
like everyone's focused on her all the
aunts and uncles mommy and daddy he's
just having a little time of her baby
life the cash tip this guy yeah yeah
well there's our newborns bring the
newborn you have to bring your pants out
that is your house I keep petting me
right away
patting your back
it's morphin time as movement I'm not
yeah guys but this week and you're gonna
see me more you guys we're gonna see me
morph yeah
Power Rangers but you guys to know as a
Power Ranger did you you're fitting to
know whose law comes out time wait tell
this Halloween guys this weekend
actually you're going to get to see me
really more yeah you guessed it the Red
Ranger no but on a serious note guys
check out this sweet toy this is the
legacy blaster red Rangers legacy
blaster it's incredible they don't make
toys like this anymore check this out ok
what for the cells first thank you
awesome sound effect but wait it also
charges to the sewer ok so you pull this
back drop this and then you do this yeah
I've got a sword now I like how cool
this is there's a little button here you
put your hand over it so when you swing
you can make it sound effect when you
want it to make the sound effect I love
that you have a lot of control over it
and I'm sure you guys have stuff because
I'm about to make a holster for this
because they do not sell them anywhere
he wears a white leather holster for his
gun and I seriously could not find one
anywhere there's actually one there's a
girl who made him on Etsy all the way in
UK and but she couldn't do it in time so
we're trying to make one myself you have
to go on my belt loop and hold the gun
I'm just so is myself
last time I sewed xand no screw is to
make my own shirts
oh yeah mania shirt - have you guys seen
that shirt I mania also made a shirt
that had a clear window was just the
wind oh my bellybutton is just a window
into my bellybutton
I was so stupid random and made that
high school I guess it's been since high
school since I saw
cut that off it's going to be open down
there so the gun will slide into their
hangout the bottom
there it is that's just a holster part
need to make the belly or the belt it's
nice isn't it the gun will sit right in
there just like that see why it's all
done - whoa cool honey that's exactly
like the one alright guys well let's go
to conclude or not right there we're
gonna keep on doing arts and crafts for
Halloween I'll make you guys a spot on
my shirt it'll say fan basic or just
basic good idea we'll catch you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
yeah no don't do that she wants the
water so bad
