we're super excited we haven't seen the
movie yet you guys excited about the
emotion she's stuck in her Halloween
costume for rodeo day are you guys ready
for the topper off huh and I ended up
seeing the calmer station by accident on
her phone because they don't have a
phone so I was like uh good morning guys
it's a rodeo day today yeehaw
eyes left LPGA's I I know you know why
do day mommy what a music paper Symphony
Bella we see your outfit over here
Symphony has had rodeo day at her school
since she was in kindergarten so
kindergarten first and now second grade
then when they go to third grade you
don't get to participate it so I thought
that I would make rodeo to a little
extra special today by having a little
presentation something will come and
have you outfit for her
time is the Jemaine main thief Symphony
looks so big today symphony
can you stop growing now I want to stop
growing because next year and all our
good holidays that third grade won't
happen
she's stuck in her Halloween costume for
rodeo day what are we gonna do
huh
okay now turn around and look at your
door cute
you like them there's a cow knew when
you were higher hey you guys symphony
just the rope she's selling her mouth
remember see she's feeling really sick I
gave her a few minutes we're supposed to
leave two minutes ago
oh hi my little beauty are you feeling
better good enough to go to school look
adorable I'm gonna take a picture of
years all right I'm home all the kids
have been delivered to school can you
guys believe Abram asked me to change my
outfit he said I should change my
clothes before I take him to school
that you today
Wow Wow Wow hopefully cuz you're so cute
you guys ready to the top or off hey
here we go
don't look at me that way oh my gosh
guys seriously so gear what do we do
oh my leotards oh yeah it's rodeo thing
you oh my gosh she's hook you know she
presents herself as Sam look at her
shoes so cute here Josie here's our last
baby look if I swing it around
alright guys it's time for me to head
out to the actual rodeo day how I guess
choose the good thing for me to have on
I can't take you guys with me we're not
supposed to vlog at Symphony school so I
hope you've enjoyed our morning everyone
getting ready for rodeo day Juliet is
just outrageous
seriously I'm never gonna get used to
seeing her like this it's so cute and
she's such a ham absolutely loves that's
Jean that's you job worker and that's
high five oh you have high five right
there yeah today's vlog is actually
sponsored by the emoji movie if you guys
want to wear the emoji movie DVD in
blu-ray and Digital is now available
we're gonna have a link in the
description for you guys to check it out
Digital blu-ray and the DVD all have
special features a ton of extra things
that the whole family can enjoy they
have the Hotel Transylvania puppy short
they have a dance along and layered
video they have how to draw Jean and
poop help fun how to draw make your own
candy crush cake and guess the emoji
game guys excited about the emotion
there you go cuties
well you guys color I think I'll to
snuggle up to poop here and watch this
epic movie that's our user balance here
one thing we have to know I'm so excited
that we're having movie time you guys
we've been traveling so much and this is
so much fun just being together as a
family and this is the perfect movie for
us it has really cool messages for the
kids like being true to yourself
expressing the way that you feel and I
don't like that you're one of those guys
you can actually express these feelings
yeah that's me this is definitely one of
those movies your kids are gonna beg you
to watch over and over again
hashtag out there
doing some long journey you have changed
out of my cow outfit you've got
something pretty funny planned for the
rest of the day my man you guys to where
we're getting our trailer these are
friends of ours and that is the trailer
right if I could scoot it over not bad
for my first trailer alignment this is
really exciting guys so we're doing this
maybe I should wait because it's not
yeah oh wait
Nia are you ready to give them the tour
no I think we're going to show you guys
the tour of the inside when we get home
we've got a lot of stuff to do we got
our think down thing you do that Bay and
then just pop off do the outside real
quick cuz I say pop ups I meant pop outs
beef look does pop out right there and
there's one in the bat it's a long
trailer isn't it look at that thing got
a really good deal on it so so this is
going to be for camping but first it's
gonna be for us staying in while we work
on the house in Oklahoma that was Nia's
idea when she decided to get this
actually she wanted to get this for my
birthday and I ended up seeing the
conversation by accident on her phone
cuz I don't have a phone so I was like
uh honey if you want to buy me that
expensive person I think we should talk
about it this sounds like a big expense
she's so funny she's just gonna outright
buy it was waiting for Dustin arrived
her husband to come up with the
checklist make sure I get everything
it's never done this before
she's you know put on the wheel oh there
he is
whoa
what's up bro so this is the man right
here we actually went to school together
for many many years yes we did got the
wrong size hitch guys this was like the
majority but they solved so I assumed
that this was also a two-man but it's
actually a three engine so he's gonna
give me his hitch
we have a trailer there those guys
buddy we're gonna take good care of in
there we made it home with our cute
trailer find a close okay now let's get
man look babe can you see the screen but
you gotta get it swing it in swing it in
oh gosh oh I like the way you're working
you're good baby back it up come on
little further okay okay a little bit
you can do look sister was following us
well there she is guys is she beautiful
I think what I'm gonna do with this get
some two by fours and connect it to the
house and make it look like an an
edition you know instead of building it
hold it you can add this onto the house
well give you guys a little tour of it
tomorrow okay so make sure you come back
tomorrow for that little tour but we
can't show you what's inside the box
that's in the house that's been sitting
there for past three days I'm super
excited about opening what are you doing
in there
swagger are that's what it is
San Francisco oil paintings good some of
these guys somebody's got to do
everything for us to card never open the
card since dear Sam Ania
there was a pleasure to meet you both
with family in Union Square
under San Francisco adventure this which
work you need to go a little bit down on
the right oh I thought it was straight
the whole time we only had it up tips
really what no seconds nothing a
straight the whole time
mmm enchant love it man look at that
texture
hey guys super dark out here it's kind
of creepy but I am headed to my own
little discipleship meeting right now
the kids are all in bed except some
pretty she's practicing piano with Sam
and so I'm gonna go meet up with Sarah
you guys know Sarah she makes the
headbands that I wear and we have not
got to made up in person in a while
hey guys I made it to Olive Garden which
there lillies earrings I'm gonna pass
them off now Lily from GC has her first
little date so we're gonna have some
dinner dessert two hours later as usual
when I'm with Sarah I forgot to vlog but
we just start talking and we don't ever
stop we've been here for almost two and
a half hours and they closed 45 minutes
yo we're like this shot places down we
stayed at Dairy Queen on the outside
until the lights went all the way off
even after yeah I was like midnight
anyways guys as always you know we say
lean on your community Cooney is so
important and Sarah's such a big part of
my community it made such a difference
in my life we will see you guys tomorrow
we as a me and Sam in the kids and
onesies Erinsborough probably anyways
guys we'll see you tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember it's every time
