so I am gonna get ready and I thought I
would invite you guys along to get ready
we are making pumpkin slime us see what
I see prepares our kids what you made
with Greg's gingerbread plant until the
girls walk from their baleen
Deb can otech love you sir have a good
day
be loving to your friends and be giving
to everybody put others before yourself
okay and I said it that first time I was
young let's pray three go
Jack
good morning guys I'm in symphonies
bathroom because it's actually nap time
for Julia and so I feel like when I'm in
symphonies bathroom it's quieter than if
I were in the bathroom that's in the
hallway so I I'm gonna get ready and I
thought I would invite you guys along to
get ready with me it's been a while and
sometimes it's kind of funny to me like
when I wake up and I feel like I look
like a total wreck and then I just get
writing I feel so much better and I have
a pretty quick little system that I do
when I get ready if I'm doing makeup and
hair I'm gonna predict that what I'm
about to do is gonna take 20 minutes so
it is 12:08 I'm gonna start the timer at
12:10 and I'm gonna predict that I'll be
done by 12:30 so let's see how it goes
okay so this is my fresh face clean no
makeup so I'm just gonna start putting
on my makeup so I am using this if Iike
wild rose on the cheeks next I'm gonna
do a little bit of highlighter
underneath my eyes just a little bit
next I'm going to use my I don't know
you say this is it Chuck taste you have
to Wonderland and it is a gel liner also
just a little slight tug on the top okay
so remember mascara today I'm doing
black magic mascara drama and curl it's
really cute it has a cute little curved
brush
I'm gonna go grab a white go came back
okay so those of you who have been here
for a while also know that I went
through those days where I was like
really working on my brows so I'm kind
of over that phase and I'll just fill in
a little bit of filling in
I actually just got this new stuff it's
from NARS and it is we're Coogan okay
I'm on time I'm all ready for my day as
always one side does a little better
than the other this one's a lot curlier
and a lot like just I don't know natural
kind of fluff and then this one has a
little bit more like a flop to it but I
still like both sides and if I go
somewhere and I'm feeling like I don't
like that about it then I'll just sweep
this to the side and just kind of like
let this part hang out okay so it is
exactly 12:30 right now and then one
thing to take into consideration when
you think about how long it took me to
do this is the fact that I'm blogging
I'm talking you guys I'm setting up the
camera getting different angles and
stuff so timely you could take off five
minutes for that it took me 25 minutes
to get ready for my deck guys seriously
look how much does my hair fell out
while I was getting ready hey guys okay
so I'm out running errands now and the
kids are at home napping I work traffic
on Wednesday so I have an hour and a
half until my traffic duties begin and
I've got to take some clothes to the dry
cleaners Oh to Walmart grab some cereal
we're all out of cereal and I just went
to the grocery store yesterday forgot
cereal and that is like Sam's I don't
know if guilty pleasures the right thing
but he grew up eating cereal a lot and
there are times when I can like cook
breakfast and he's still like man I was
craving cereal today so when we're out
of cereal it's not good just in case he
gets a hankering for it and our kids
love it too so I need to do that and
drop off some earrings and yeah just
have several little errands I needed to
run without the children before I do
traffic so
traffic is over I'm sweating and I got
my girl back symphonie how was your day
what was so good about it tell me the
best part right
with lunch fun what was the best thing
in your lunchbox and this is what I'm
coming home to show me buddy
I walk up and I hear this little crazy
laughing you guys see what I see is that
your new trophy that's right guys if you
haven't guessed it by now we are making
pumpkin slime like legit pumpkin slime
we're gonna leave all the insides in
there add some cool stuff of our own cut
it open I actually do macho man
you'll read yep so you guys are gonna
come with your road bike what is yellow
and red make guys yellow plus red makes
yeah we're you know what what's doing
red blue you really don't know Sam
orange yellow plus red makes Orient Oh
car fans are all embarrassing there now
my water that was not structured how do
you like slime now guys perfect
Bob we're doing your brains back all
right come with your glittering guys I
can't push it in
Sam fashion
what do you learn about today Prince
Farah what did Moses say to Pharaoh I'm
not bad people good job hey let my
people vote let my people vote yeah well
guys I really want to show you what's in
this box over here but it's time for the
kids to go to bed and with that being
said guys we will catch you tomorrow
thanks for joining us today for that
crazy pumpkin slime that was all my idea
by the way I'm kidding it was it's my
idea but obviously Mia's work anyway
whatever we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you let each other
don't forget we love you and remember to
be cuckoo every day why what we cuckoo
every day are you guys ready for the
topper offer and they ain't seen the
conversation by accident on a phone call
that I'll have a phone so I was like uh
let me I don't have an extensive makeup
routine I never will I'm not that kind
of boxing but I'm so confident I look
you know what I'm saying and not
