because of this first failure of mine as
a standalone father kid
good morning guys how are y'all doing
today I have been up since way way way
way way before sunlight I did traffic
today at Symphony school and it was so
cold outside but it also was really
invigorating I had not even had coffee
yet and house just like man I'm wide
awake and I've been wide awake ever
since sometimes on those mornings when I
have to get a bat early tend to be
sleeping just kind of like lagging
getting ready to go in I've already done
a load of dishes save me the living room
yeah and it's not even noon yet so still
the first half of the day and I've done
a lot of stuff I like those kinds of
days Juliet it's having lunch despite
what you might think she's not having
chick-fil-a she actually had turkey
cheese and little baby saltines but
daddy went so he brought it home and she
loves to play with these cups
she actually busted a hole through the
bottom of it peeled the bottom of it off
and has been playing with ice sending it
out into the background see what I mean
she'll put it back in the second up oh
your cheese is boom you're really cold
senior girl this how would it feel it
I'll bite ya eventually it will all be
gone and it's gonna melt and she's
probably only a little confused so
backwards Juliet he's so cute
you guys had a bowl of cinnamon in our
freezer just to keep it you know fresh I
guess and I have something just knocked
it over it's been up there for a couple
of weeks I was gonna use it in some
french toast mix last week and I didn't
do it oh now it's a big mess look home
and there's cinnamon sugar everywhere
floor is just covered in so got my
little helper here let me clean it up or
spread it around whichever one you want
to look at glass half full or empty
good job Jules you're so good at
cleaning up mommy
wait go baby bunny yes way to go oh what
a good girls you can help throw it away
right now take this help me throw it
away you guys got 700 get more there we
go let's throw it away there you go
understand what Mommy sing - give me
five high five yay thank you do you guys
want to see what we recently got in the
mail soft
Farina's pink and why what could it be a
home my lanta you are so cute
you need a fluffy bunny on the loose is
this weirdest thing I've ever seen
she's trying to get her blankie okay I
can do this we're gonna do this check it
out man I feel cool knees making me look
stylish of the dad today this is
actually a jet Captain America back what
was the abram - satchel I've been by the
side come on get in there don't give me
trouble today okay buddy it's just me
yeah come on come on be careful there
you go come on hello what's your name
yeah
we're here on Mondays and Wednesdays
gonna be doing the rotation do yours
okay they'll get it
I have never done that before actually
sang the song on a real waterspout that
was really clever
Zippity is actually a clever girl
superior here for gene a stay at these
cuts are starting with a touch over
there
it was your class there let's go find it
hey I'm learning new things today and
it's I guess second
both of the kids love gymnastics more
than any other sport that played so far
hey bro just like let's go to all week
long after it's over he looks forward to
the next one it's pretty awesome this
baby wants to get out it's all decorated
Wizard of Oz guys check out that's some
killer decorations going on
this guy
when the staff members just sent me
outside because of this first failure of
mine as a standalone father really
embarrassing but uh hey let the trunk
open oh man what has everybody been seen
oh man what a mess everybody's been
seeing all this stuff oh my gosh
toilet paper used toilet paper Oh also
embarrassing
never doing this again
sorry
Oh
there you go
nice baby wait B if we wait before the
baby baby right Julia we're not putting
your pants back on okay or your shoes
ready go home snake pea can you guys
tell her we're gonna be Symphony let me
borrow that please really quick pretend
like I wrote something on it are you
awake
you talked to the window over there get
along with me that's my sneaky you guys
all doing it is glasses when I was
little I wanted to wear glasses kind of
like Fancy Nancy Symphony used to really
want glasses I want to ask these kids
want to try mine on yeah be careful with
those I do have that those are better
cuz they you can see clearly through
them instead of like Nana's here sneak
peek number four for this week's
Halloween this week I'm in this year oh
my goodness
but it's the cutest one I've ever seen
like that
oh you're the winner of the writer
family 2017 oh my goodness okay this is
what we're gonna do all night I'm gonna
be symphonies I don't know what you'd
call me like a rally girl but I'm gonna
follow your around God what does a fox a
great and we're gonna do a 2017 Raider
Halloween costume competition so you
don't want to miss them giving you guys
some the whole little sneak peeks and
you guys are gonna get to vote on who
had the best costume in our family for
2017 it's gonna be epic you don't wanna
miss it I'm off to go pick up Tim from
church not from church but Tim who goes
to church with me and is also a friend
of mine we are gonna go see a movie with
my brother and Andrea called
the heart of man have you guys heard of
it it's a one-night-only thing it's a
Christian movie and did really well
somewhere so they're playing it in
theaters again for one day and my
brother has tickets for it so we're
gonna go see that I was just thinking on
my way up here about this sexual
harassment epidemic or endemic that's in
our country right now how like all these
women coming forward about all these men
harassing women and how horrible
Hollywood is in general like that kind
of stuff comes out of Hollywood all the
time but this is just a big reminder
this Harvey guy it made me thankful that
we have YouTube it's so cool that we can
entertain people right here right from
our card right here from the car but
yeah I'm just thankful that we're able
to do this and not have to worry about
the sickness that's in Hollywood all
right Tim I throw the bait me on parole
and McKenney where are you man oh he's
up there somewhere I think he's been
there I'm he's over there oh well leave
it there look at that handsome man right
there he's like that's got to be saying
there's a camera pointing at me what's
up handsome hey handsome handsome sup
man
there's lucky dude come on in man Tim
you guys know Tim oh yeah you didn't see
the fan base to cope you know I saw it
but no it last shirt ignores time last
year we were doing the bass scene with
the book in it I still have that bad
buco let's go down there and have a
pumpkin fight look at that what do you
say we wait for the movie to start we
have a pumpkin fight a pumpkin fight or
we could break windows open definitely
we definitely could go Tim and I are
just kind of hanging out way from
Matthew and Andrea to eat their dinner
like a perfect run I'm dressed up for a
Franco though yeah could you look
official
it looks like this guy won't be messing
would totally be messing somebody we're
gonna pretend him as an employee at
Norseman maybe we'll just scope a little
bit but we're thinking he could just be
like okay I help you anything and
they'll probably say no and he'll just
like walk across some warm stuff are you
around if you need thing just let me
know if I stay on the back
tim and i just decided we wouldn't make
it prankster at least not this kind of
thing we need better camera to that's
the thing i should have wrote my better
camera it doesn't seem very good at this
one but we got caught right away this my
bikini but literally media media like
the first one
she's like spotted here a minute spotted
me I was like well all right we found
out what we're gonna do for our prank
the let me let me ask the question you
got to ask a question with the mask on
with the mask on can't even hear me you
should catch Lena's costume guys this is
hilarious Bob Ross I'll be funny Nica go
as his painting we're trying to pranks
but week ending in anything we tried to
make him an employee at north drums but
he chose people who didn't speak any
English at all is great I just followed
them around to that stick with it like
it well you got spotted immediately me
sustained and walk free from everything
else I didn't know how I didn't know how
I walk away I just know in that moment I
had no choice but to choose him
and we have a choice I can continue on
the way I have been going or I can make
a choice for moments at a time at first
and then more and more but it is a
choice of time where I say God is this
who you say I am doing evening everybody
just took a bath they're all clean
was an amazing movie right that's great
was it a plot at the end and I was like
oh it's too awkward applauding because
the creators of the movie are here they
would walk out methods like the
producers actually here here is I'm
gonna tell you about your story Matt
likes to brag on my stories but super
amazing
guys you guys see the sculpture listing
it had to be done by like an amazing
sculpture it's incredible what does it
mean you know who it is the guy yeah it
looks like Mickey Mouse I mean the angel
went to music Mickey Mouse a whole
buncha need some coverage tie it to
ceiling so they always like this
I feel more different so click the
Cookie Monster some look like that how
it's made to look like Mickey Mouse yeah
honey I'm home what is up with all this
laundry some people need and just like
wear clothes several days in a row I do
I know I don't in the hamper when they
put them on after bath they should
probably wear it on two times and that
is why I don't throw my clothes in the
basket a laundry basket every time I put
on top is I want to decide if it's
really dirty I don't have to wash if I
just wore just for a little while I'm
serious this is what's going through my
head when I put it on top of the laundry
basket like this look I'm getting okay
it'll stay there the next day I know but
I'm hoping maybe you'll help me with
that decision-making today I did a video
shoot for the pregnancy center you guys
remember I did that last year it's
basically a center that helps women that
are in the decision-making process of
what to do with their baby and they
think they can't handle it but they help
them with all that but I interviewed a
woman whose testimony ended her in her
having her baby and she ended up naming
that baby Brendan Lee yeah crazy and one
of the ladies they were like why did you
name her Brenly she's like okay from a
girl from the voice was like what we
just we just like hung out with her she
just like sing to us I didn't know
anything about this girl and tell that
point until she came to sing for us and
then Here I am taking video of a baby
who's named after her it's really cool
so the heart of man go check it out
they're such an amazing movie how all of
us can just relate so much in the pain
and ugliness that is deep inside of us
and how that ugliness has no effect on
how God actually sees us the biggest
message or one of the messages that I
left with we should not be listening to
the opinion we have about ourselves we
should be listening to the opinion God
has about ourselves not for me jabbering
god
Li's Sam shut up already right babe look
at a stack of laundry it's almost over
her head and I'm over here just yappin
away the probably like Sam shut up and
help her fold put it in the comments
guys I mean I need all the help I can
get around here you know I'll help you
fast you know help me fast I'm done
tomorrow's convenient don't forget guys
we love you and remember to love each
other so I'm gonna get ready and I
thought I would invite you guys along to
the video see we are making pumpkin
slime you guys see what I see
prepares are all in there soon
where is she gonna do
