she's gonna destroy the truck and
suddenly he goes off the road and speeds
up as it's going on the road and goes
straight into a telephone pole and it
crashes and explodes this is one of our
songs Jules come on a fan to the beat to
the eighth to the SSC how you guys doing
this Sunday morning earliest dark
outside
and then all the kids got out of the bed
oh I was still dark out so tear the
church are we going to eat what the
carcass big this handsome guy today
simply likes dress for summer though bye
baby
class I don't know what you learn
Hey no she's trying to clam up
bye
here's my take can see here we have got
tell me that your words are you're going
to speak negatively impact people
negatively and discourage people from
following Christ and love you types of
knowing Christ walking the truth of who
Christ is that that's the path of death
that discouraging the discouraging dark
path or you're really speaking words
that are on this path of life who this
guy's a teen hey guess I'm just inhuman
like while yeah my contract expired so
yeah so I could miss Biddy bombs right
here every Sunday that's exciting
cuz you're just gonna ride back there
and we're gonna head out it's not but
it's really not that far anyway just
about 20 miles or something guys would
you learn at church today okay Joe what
about Joe
all this stuff was taken away huh and um
there was a fire in his house and his
kids got killed and then he got my
animals and upon his kids back so what
was the moral that story though
what did joke do even though everything
was taken away from me and what did he
still do pray he still trusted God would
you learn about Abram did you really
tell me one of them
good job bud we're having lunch at that
Crocker hey little turtle coffee turtle
let's peel this guy come let's get his
new show off just like that's all we can
pee yeah he's cute
I've made a little chat now cute dolly
kick Juliet oh my god guys through the
floaters getting back together
so Marik you guys remember Eric it's
been so long because he's been doing
this awesome house this is one of our
songs that we wrote in high school
kill that is potent
with high roasted romance we're both
waiting before the next served a volley
we plain honest
I believe you left me take her to AG I
just came to me I feel I print out the
words the music just barter right to my
mouth oh yeah and what a colliding
pencil all right you guys want to hear
another one another free the folks on
that we wore in high school
this one was called whole world you have
baby guitar I have a rhythm I don't have
a guitar stuff let's see if we can do
this it's been how long like five years
is it the verse you remember the corpse
Nia where are you how the whole world
start my song whole world remember how
it started
there's four Michael right yeah as for
Michael yeah so that's outside of you
went off in the military no how did this
the worst start it was on MySpace
I forgot it's on our YouTube channel it
was one of the first videos will be
uploaded whole world music video to it
you can't find it ready here it is this
is our very first video we posted on
YouTube
Chito
would you get those Cheetos hey yo here
share with me can I have one
oh you're gonna feed the little toy but
not me come hang out with us thank you
thank you thanks oh thank you so much
thank you thank you there you go that's
all favors for Abram wanted to skip his
nap but he had no choice
yeah no choice buddy only if we still
had that lemonade powder I wouldn't make
them son you woke up wanting lemonade
Symphony dress and drink sweetie hello
and I get a small lemonade in the small
dr. pepper please for simpler
temperature symphony and actually I get
a small iced water as well thank you
get this guy's so two weeks ago two
Sundays ago we didn't blog that day but
on that Sunday on our way to church I
pulled a guy from his car after he
crashed it right into a telephone pole I
mean he was right in front of us driving
in front of us like any normal civilized
driver and suddenly he goes off the road
and speeds up as he's gonna throw it and
goes straight into a telephone pole and
it crashes and explodes the top one wire
explodes and I swerve out to the other
Lane to avoid the tip and pull from
falling on us and I might turn the car
around got out of the car go see if this
guy was okay and he was in there having
a seizure so I opened the door and
dragged him out pulled him to the side
of the road
yeah mama we had such a good afternoon
at the Crockers we used to spend so much
time together you guys before we all got
super busy and had a bunch of babies and
it was just so sweet to just be with
them our kids were just free and crazy
crying and having such a good time the
ones weren't crying and we were just
chatting it up the boys were playing
guitar it really felt like kind of like
the good old days makes me give a quote
from the office and the very last
episode he says I wish there was a way
to know that you were in the good old
days I wish there was a way to know
you're in the good old days before
you've actually left them someone should
write a song about that and it made me
think of that speaking of those first
ladies this one's doing homework she is
working on her spelling list she just
did a mountain of math work over there
that's right second grade I'm getting a
mountain the mouth
Wow Abraham made this outside with Daddy
he just walked in with this awesome
airplane it's super cool
you're pretty do this straight piece
just straight pieces favor him you did a
really good job on your your airplane
I'm really proud of you because I like
you please all right do you wanna see
you play
that is so cool you do the notes and
I'll sing the song okay pace maybe no
you gotta go back II D saved me and I
had not been practicing like we should
we start practicing every night we'll
just be traveling so much and we forget
that too so we need to remember is play
piano at night because we have to get we
three kings down your Christmas recital
okay and I want you to knock it out of
the park when you do great job so some
tea and knock it off the ballpark knock
it out of the ballpark
knock it off the ballpark that's what
she says she said knock it off no it's
not get out of the ballpark oh she said
I think it is not get out of the
ballpark means let's do a great job
let's blow it away let's do this better
than death good evening guys I've just
been blogging well Sam anyway today's
comment of the day comes from Sammy
Mendes I had my first teach day tomorrow
I'm in high school and we have preschool
there too and I'm teaching the students
I'm so nervous
that's so exciting Sammy I hope you did
a great job and had a lot of fun
I can remember when I was a high school
student and I was starting to teach at
church and deciding that I wanted to be
a teacher and that's what I wanted to go
to college for it's a really exciting
feeling hope you got all the good tingly
feels from that a good job putting
yourself in a nervous situation that's
how we grow keep forcing yourself when
you're not nervous you know you're
complacent and that's not where you want
to be you want to be growing you know
you're growing when you're nervous
good mr. Rader we'll see you guys
tomorrow yeah we will don't forget we
love you aunt remember to have each
other
because of this first failure of mine as
a standalone father sneak peek
festivities this year we're pretend you
are so cute
