should we let Juliet get her very first
haircut today turned out to be a lot
more serious cancer than we thought it
was hey guys it's me what do I look like
in this I'm getting my lowlights load
again they're dark so Andrew and Matthew
are here hi Matthew
good how are you doing and the kids are
outside getting their hairs cut with
auntie Andrea Symphony's having her turn
oh my gosh this is like the cutest thing
ever we get Adrienne that chair so cute
Abram doesn't care for what's on top of
my head he's like I'm not gonna get that
and I'm not gonna ever have long hair so
that I never have to get that oh I am so
sorry did I ruin I just bumped
Symphony's chair really hard I would
have it like jagged her hair up
boobs are symphonies getting a trim so
she can keep her pensive hear symphonies
hair is pretty broken because of how she
sleeps in her braids and stuff like that
don't you agree Julie are you gonna get
your hair cut too guys I'm making
Chinese food like homemade Chinese food
for the first time ever I've got veggies
over here I'm making crock pot destiny
seed chicken although Walmart was all
out of says easy so I bought these I'm
hoping it's a very similar thing I've
seen
should we let Juliet get her very first
haircut today thank you like just to
even out all her likes draggled that
she's got cuz her hair's finally getting
longer
but she has some that are like this much
longer than like I think we should do
you think so I have a Halloween outfit
too hi guys by the way if you're
wondering why Sam's all red and tan it's
because he's been working outside
special projects for Halloween
are you gonna get your hair done now I
want to shorten it a little bit but then
cut the sides pretty short like pretty
pretty short cuz it's been growing super
fast can you take me to a haircut plates
okay we're in
you got your cape on you have to be
really still for Missy Andrea you look
beautiful
Oh looking good buddy man it looks so
good oh the you and III how do you feel
about giving Juliet her very first
haircut is it her first it would be her
first Oh cute yeah Oh our last little
baby's getting her first haircut it's
the last first haircut look at this and
Andrea is thebomb.com she can just take
her hair salon and do it wherever or
this little are the handles gonna get in
your way are you getting a haircut
this where I'm supposed to sit
now you can't give me a mohawk William
yeah let me get a mohawk
you know what let's do a mole for
Halloween really you can't make them all
know this can't don't you don't do it do
people still request them it's against
the naboo also wear your honor would you
mind trimming up this hair yeah
nice car but I suck amantha to close it
up for you is that how it works isn't
hair supposed to just walk around in it
try to get her to walk Matt there's no
way she can walk look at her she can't
even sit oh no oh no no no don't fall
into concrete oh gosh oh gosh what do
you guys think of my new haircut we'll
start wearing it like this I love you
like Brad Pitt bless you when I make
this smile they're really though can you
trim that real fast you can just run
through it we're gonna play
let's call pop the pig buddy pop pop the
pig have all these other games were
played to you guys the objective of the
game is to pop the belly's Pig pop the
belly's Pig the objective of the game is
to pop the pigs bail officially put that
in his mouth and he puts his head three
times put it all the way back all right
now you push his head three times okay
next here we go guys here we go here we
go yellow yellow pink dope you got a
fork I did
yeah oh my got any color yellow
what one-two-three was on it what did
they say instructions gonna pop is that
what it says here we go guys ready for
it do that can we help you guys let's
play pop to Juliet now yeah pop to
Juliet let's play what's nice here buddy
we played that after this game okay all
right we'll play doggie doo now you see
the dog first so spin the spinner and
whatever number you land on that so many
times you push the leash and the person
who poops the poop out and gets to
collect the poop gets a token first
person is three token wins pop it one
time oh what'd you get
oh he goes three Oh didn't get it Matt
you didn't get it it's turtleneck e-z
really turtleneck GU put up with the
shovel man oh now you get your token
good job buddy you made the dog poop and
you cleaned it up mr. Buckey
get ready dr. Polzin before I wrap mr.
bucket rid of them now you gotta collect
your ball with your shovel first person
to get all three ball in wins with your
shovels you gotta use your shovel come
on God get your balls in the mystery
bucket
job okay here we go can but why mr.
bucket put your balls in the bucket get
the bowls Julie what do you do buddy
okay
thanks bud are you kids ready to play Oh
let's play let's put this fish food game
together do you know how to play
symphony cuz I shared out of this game
is to get rid of all your cards and the
first person to do that
here we go yeah of course put it out of
summon you got to keep the card
Matthew our youngest person goes first
ever you go first what roll the dice you
got to pick up one fish pick up one of
those with your hook there you go
pull come on get out of there oh come on
I'm very quiet cuz the shark is sleeping
even if you're too loud you wake them up
and you don't eat you look the shirt
always got you and almost got your hand
Abram you lose you're dead man put the
chickens in the pocket the pocket in the
rocket so in the
okay good question buddy
his pants are right there
Louie GUI GUI pick one and then it goes
the opposite way
you gotta pick his nose for one gotta
pick a booger you yeah just fake a
little while bud look and that's all the
games we have I wish we had 4k putting
games I feel like I've teaching my kids
a TD playing one game after the next my
cobbler is cobbler it's bubbling up
I made a blackberry cobbler with a
yellow cake mix that goes on top and
this is what my Chinese food looks like
sentence it's gonna be done in about ten
minutes
you guys impressed with me or would
she's gonna add my sesame seeds I mean
our home and Fergus bring us all
together tonight I propose that we will
absolve you and glorify your nursing we
do think so much closer to
and
my girl see me we're learning something
about Symphony tonight that we didn't
know and she's really good at the quiet
game can you show us how you do it for
the rest of the dinner okay there's
someone that is first and then what was
the quietest and fearless like women
like what daddy was doing and they'll be
it next whoever they think is the
quietest and still it gets to be it now
okay okay ready to go we just want to
see how good you are everybody else
could talk look at a promoter he's
serious about this kick em are you gonna
say something I'm trying to ask you a
question
was it enjoy he's crying him I've ever
heard
how is my cobbler Matthew it was amazing
wasn't worth again how'd you like it
don't like it she has a camera face it
was it was truly delectable he was so
cute when I first gave it to he's like
I've never had more this is what's left
of my blackberry cobbler super duper
duper duper easy recipe wanted to have
cans of pie filling your flavor
the choice of flavor and one box of
yellow cake and it turns out like that
it's similar terms I don't but delicious
but delicious
well I'm glad you guys came over um I
hope you guys have a great night
thanks for coming over Matt thanks for
the haircut thanks guys I'm trying to
get him out of here so housing you know
Katie they have to go do you guys want
to see Matthews army had a second
surgery on it children actually third
yeah just a final one it turned out to
be a lot more serious cancer than you
thought it was so they had to go back in
and take out more and margin right now
it's cancer-free so thank you for
watching I got lucky I got a lot of
messages random messages people to me
they're praying for me my cancer yeah so
people have told me that thank you and
they didn't tell me Peter pray thank you
yeah absolutely
yeah tomorrow don't forget we love you
and remember insanely he goes off the
road and speeds up as he's gonna throw
and goes straight into a telephone pole
and it crashes and explodes this is one
of our songs that we wrote a nice Bowl
