and it makes me miss her it's almost
like she's she's here with me in this
little cool moment we just had oh
they're leaving us that's just a fighter
it's ready
morning honey morning guys nice for a
coat
thank you it's not real
oh good morning guys how you guys doing
today we are off to our little invention
I'm not sure what to call it
yeah but we're meeting some authors and
authors and I sold over 15 million books
so we're excited about that
so yesterday me and I had the goal of
kissing each other as much as possible
it was a good goal I'm thinking should
we do it today so we're gonna be in
public a lot we're gonna be around all
these people yeah I don't usually
continue to do it I mean we could like
get a little like steal a kiss yeah
you're gonna have to like you know like
don't go in for it you know me and I
don't kiss enough so we're setting this
goal for us so you can never kiss enough
and every time you kiss you get this
like special connection right so if you
guys don't see us kissing enough today
let us know in the comment section below
and pull this do it okay
it's a French press you know like this
oh so much to God you know but for God
to bringing us together
she's 18 year old come on
country singer-songwriter in the top six
finalist on season 12 of NBC's The Voice
we see
so what do you think bang you ready to
read her book I knew once we came out
here and he has an underbite let's go
home with start writing her a little bit
of like we're doing a totally fan base a
memoir we're working on the concept of
it and honestly the best part of all
this is being able to share joy with
people hear stories of people coming out
of depression I had one lady message man
tell me that she has an autistic
daughter that had elapsed in two months
and she said every time she showed her
the video she laughed and laughed and
from all the heart to another mama to
see a child laugh but you haven't seen
laughs she's your life let's just invite
her around
we've allowed that voice to be louder
than the one that really reflects the
heart of God he's raising up different
people that have really reflected the
light of his countenance to say I'm not
an angry jerk God yeah but I am a God
that looks at me and smiles I'm a God
that really when I make a promise to
give you abundantly it's there how did
you get past like not sounding like a
know-it-all but still wanting to share
like what you genuinely have been taught
by the Holy Spirit that could you know
benefit someone else's life so Stephanie
was really great at reminding me you
haven't learned at all and don't forget
and there were several times where I had
to go and reach into a vulnerable spot
where I am right now that was so super
amazing you guys we just had such like a
divine encounter with Candice Payne the
Chewbacca mom I'm not even kidding like
if you've ever heard people talk about
like a hot flash feeling when the Holy
Spirit is speaking to you I've heard of
it and I want to say like honestly I
kinda didn't believe it was real but it
was happening to me in that room I was
feeling like these heat wave and the
Holy Spirit is just speaking to me and
then we went up and talked to her and
met her and she literally like spoke
prophetically over us it was beautiful
so amazing never really experienced
anything like that before ever top off
the moment I'm probably gonna cry but
this little cookie you guys looks
exactly like the cookies my Mimi used to
make I mean I've never seen anyone make
a cookie this shake before him with this
icing on top of it except I mean II and
it makes me miss her it's almost like
she's she's here with me in this little
cool moment we just had the Holy Spirit
just speaking so powerfully to me right
now and it's kind of just a cute little
reminder for me what a cutie right stop
any of my family watching doesn't this
look like Mimi's carrot cookies it's so
cute it's time for the second portion of
our day guys we are off to go eat dinner
a unknown location oh they're leaving us
alright guys so this is everybody that's
on the bus we got another names friendly
and another Haley Jessie works with Matt
oh you guys in charge of ELQ right or
also riding on awesome oh and that's my
wallet and this is the other Sam
dinner's on me tonight everybody I'll be
reading off his credit card if you guys
want to get ready it's his grant went
out he's got an industry Network
okay he's alternative this is uh there
are also youtubers so we got some for
youtubers here we have to yeah check out
their channel guys run upstairs now what
are we married
laugh it up live with Candace pain and
it's on my Facebook page boy you're
getting closer that was a fun trip guys
or about to be home we're gonna see her
kids for the first time and how long how
long has it been like - not days
look at a lot of pictures that
definitely helps FaceTime every cried
for me yesterday no Amanda said he cried
for me but then we called him and he's
like I miss you mommy every pair but
come to Daddy together just put the fire
we're home guys I went home for a while
hopefully let me make sure the mic is on
the mic is on unbelievable how many
times we've logged on here without the
mic being on embarrassing you know
you're sitting there talking to the
camera
I'm sad talking to you but we end up
yeah we're about to do some snacks here
and you made a lot of those taquitos
well I know that I normally eat like six
of them and so if I ate six that means
you probably eat like eight No so that's
probably that much honey so looks like
we're gonna be home for a while
hopefully once our next trip one month
actually next week I'm going to Houston
not next week the week after that
okay good my birthday week when Houston
do some work and help out with the
cleanup up out there so we'll catch you
guys tomorrow sorry about all the
confusion on the vlogs we have something
posted one before the other we're so
behind on the vlog cuz when we're
traveling the Internet is so bad at some
of these hotels that we can't even
upload or download anything we've
skipped days that's why it's been so
crazy and so behind but I love you guys
and remember to love each other
should we let Juliette get her very best
haircut today
turned out to be a lot more serious
cancer the info it was so bad to go back
in check out more margin looks oh thank
you
