together everyone would like to tell you
guys something to that is about to
happen there's going back to gymnastics
starting today starting back up again
this morning I was busy creating a
special video of working on a project my
emoji shirt has nothing to do with it
just so you know I'm wearing this just
look stylish
today we didn't have time to do his hair
poor guy looks like you just woke up
sorry moonwalk gymnastic today is
country bumpkin come on now let's go do
our fishing and burning
sniffing ewwww welcome back buddy by
sniffing 'i have a good class every
where's your class that is he really if
you're the only one in this class today
hey bro you the only one but that sounds
fun that means you get to do whatever
you want
hi you wanna get out there last time you
were here you're just a little baby
hello give it
it's Julie from church so her kids go to
the same gymnastics at arcades have
always gone to in fact I think they were
here last time right yeah but we just
didn't know each other so now it's fun
to talk you didn't know that
oh look it's like a yeah
show me bud
what is that called Betty
monkey flip wow dude
can't get down I'm sorry it's just like
mommy all you have to do is just undo my
buckle and I can get there sorry sissy
you can only stroll a stroll go find
CeCe
edram jumping the snakes
what is that short together so
if you guys believe it's been 20 years
since I've been in gymnastic 20 years at
me and my brothers yeah I'm totally
missing that toilet water fountain right
about now what do you guys call a water
fountain they call them water bubblers
and New York I think what do you guys
call these these things right here what
do you call them and we love it down
below a monkey flip
oh that's done on the trampoline buddy
okay graduated Oh
what do you graduate to did you really
so this is everything Abram has learned
for level one right here he knows how to
do all this stuff or he has mastered all
that corn creatures these other things
you have to do for your next class
yeah learn how to do all that for your
next class she said he can already do a
lot of it focus on one activity for ten
minutes good look like that
- the c'mere baby she want to go out
there so bad she wants to do more mommy
gymnastics is gonna do a bridge right
here nice you undo a bridge bud oh
that's a table what's up guys it would
be if a mini of Blanca we weren't
shopping at Walmart am I right or am i
right
just kidding your have been shopping a
lot less because hey Alexandria are you
together
so anyways I'm grabbing some food for a
GC tonight
either I don't come to this Walmart
often like a few just feeling about my
head
this little ceiling up there so cute
Cooper's are coming tonight they are
about the same agents Juliet they're not
coming tonight me I always bring
freshmen so it's not as fresh
nonetheless from the brink
wait a second come on share this
seriously came in without my boy
seriously don't worry today I'm not
talking about I'm always in a hurry he
already knows he's digging in his pocket
okay now let's see if anyone took my
stuff I stashed it hope it's still there
guys look there's a tree on our car we
have Nana with us here so we have some
really precious cargo now so I got a
drive really safe so I got a gun buy
Best Buy because I lost my charger in
San Francisco to our brand new blogger
so I need to go get a charger for it
because Nina I go downtown and I don't
want to use this little guy do you want
to because one man in a bar where we're
going
it's GC time guys the downside of
traveling so much is you don't get to
spend much you get disconnected from
your church family so like I know these
guys anymore I'm walking in there like
who's that guy and I'm really people
willing I'm gonna have to reopen up
because new things have happened and do
things going on up in here since last
time it's kind of sad travelling is
expensive and it disconnects you from
your local community all right kids come
on let's do it let's G C it up leaving
the way everyone scared of the dog Julia
chases it so the bursary eliminations
three when he punishes he also has mercy
he has mercy because of his great love
and kindness y'all have an idea who he
is in this hearse he has a lot of Mercy
beer in there then a lot and Jesus
returns his love and mercy we are doing
our craft now we've got strips of paper
you have words on your on your strips
now you go to Lucy and she's gonna help
you glue them together so pick up your
strips and go take them to Lucy I made
these for you they say kindness sweet
and love can you take them to nice these
piers on Elysee chain what are you gonna
think of every time you look at your
change wow that's so good somebody's
getting very artistic over here so Jenna
taught her the common phrase throw
confetti around like kindness so she
wrote
it's just showing that showing kindness
is a chain reaction oh these two kids
secluded themselves all by themselves
like nobody told them they could do this
Paisley just came by our mom's phone
then we're walking around looking for
them and Jenna found them in here like
this oh no no one else to know why are
you two snuggling together why do you
want to come on y'all let's go home and
get in the bed Oh real boy I used to not
like her at all
now she's so nice to her he was putting
his PJs on while he's in bed and
Juliet's crying we're trying to get the
kids the good everywhere you trying to
put your pants on in the bed so
something you guys may not know about
Abram lately he insists to put on his
own clothes like he insists on it thank
you like in New York exactly he will not
let us put his clothes on he's like I'll
do it myself
I'm proud of him I'm proud of that
really proud of that it's a little bit
everything when you're in a rush but for
the most part it's pretty awesome
oh she's just a sleepy girl here oh yes
except you either presence P know lately
what's going oh we got to stay on top of
it if you're gonna we're not playing I'm
just getting so good at it
hey Abram I'm going to bed what are you
doing up there which one man is
something
how about Iron Man Captain America yeah
I recently got that guy New York he's a
tough to call a dangler this one yeah
this one that one that one that one yeah
over here is it in here come on but
during a motorcycle
no you can't have zoom zooms that took
me a long time to collect all those and
you're gonna lose it just like you lost
one of the lego man what'd you do with
him this guy yes okay don't lose him
though man we got him in a surprise bag
and don't bite him either
do you see tonight guys was such a huge
blessing for me so as you guys know God
has done so much and my name is marriage
and has brought so much healing to it
restoration he's delivered me from
different things and it's just
incredible how he's worked in our
marriage and we're at a place where I
can say probably one of the best place
we've ever been so today I got the
witness a man who's been struggling in
his marriage
mostly with pride and I got to see or
hear his testimony about how God has
softened his heart and the last time I
talked to him I mean he was just so hard
to get through nobody could get their
own and he's in a rough place but it was
crazy and just amazing to see God
working in his life on the outside the
way God worked on ours on the inside
it's just it was a really incredible
huge blessing for me it's just it's
miraculous we say God doesn't do
miracles but he heals marriages and
breaks and men down to their knees when
they're just lost in their own pride I
know me and I got to do some packing
we're headed off to Michigan tomorrow
for not quite sure you hope to wait and
see okay guys I was just making
schedules of stuff for the kids it's
always a little more stressful leaving
the kids during the school week
typically we go when no one's in school
if we're leaving the kids with Nana or
anyone so oh gosh then they go to two
different schools to two different times
or two different lunchboxes and tutoring
types of clothes and just I'm a little
stressed out but I'm gonna be okay so
let's do comment up today this was my
favorite type of comment in today's vlog
and it goes to Bethany right and she's
speaking for a lot of you guys I love
the sneak peek at the end of the show
today it's fun watching you try
different things to create your own
individual editing style great job guys
and I really love that too that was a
surprise to me Sam just kind of told me
at the last minute while we were
reviewing one of our vlogs together and
I love it too I feel like if I was
sitting down watching a family daily I
would be really excited for the next
vlog and so I thought it was cool that
he decided to add that to what you guys
see every day I'm glad that so many of
you guys like it thanks for sharing your
feedback with us and we will see you
tomorrow
in Michigan don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other so excited
me and I are off to Grand Rapids
Michigan 30 minutes till they leave it's
already boarding for sure cars on fire
welcome to Michigan
