today's a special day for Avram he is
upgrading in this together
happy Sunday morning fantastic how are
you guys today we are out to go to
church Julia and Avram are kind of
matching today me Tiffany and mommy are
matching so mommy also do some photos
but I'm sure I'm not going to be in him
hello tiny smile loving the best maybe
this baby she's all summer
Oh mommy's proud of the hair
guys is so funny I was just wondering
because he hasn't had a phone in like
over a month it seems like did you even
tell me that I'm doing any other
separate series on Instagram did you
really have no idea
you really didn't yeah I'm totally been
documenting every single braid that I do
on symphony or anyone I did CPR myself
and using the hashtag cool I am getting
better around it and individual it's
true when they say practice makes
perfect
I'm on a broom there's a special day for
Avram he is upgrading or graduating to a
bigger class appreciate everyone's gonna
be it was like I'm big you don't have to
take me across any more guys take Chris
hey dummy
by April not that one anymore kept on a
broom there's his little girlfriend
David says that equipment could you turn
to God you turn to the one who can do
something about her situation she turned
to the one who can be an answer who can
be a rescuer you turn to the one who
loves your time to get Joel's Josie oh
my gosh she needs to put some pants on
you sound good faith
hi hi hey now you ready to go come on
it's not time of the week guys these
maniacs are getting a Kania combo I'm
raising Cain hi let's eat a chicken go
home the kids have something to do
afterwards I got some road rage up here
guys crazy people look at this he's in
the other Lane oh I hate drunk drivers
brought Baltimore Terrell say he's been
cutting off people on both sides of the
road both sides of the road both sides
of the road going into oncoming traffic
through a beer bottle out another car
he's turning down
by simply guys to conclude the please
chase we were just on the cops never
showed up
we called again we left that area went
across the street kind of waited make
sure you wasn't going to take off we
film I had just ended up driving and
behind the fence back into some grass to
hide
I hope the cops get dangerous dangerous
man there's like four kids in the car by
the way you nursed your Hachem ah
Oh Bobby we just had a pretty fun video
for symphonies Channel symphonies world
I'm not sure if there's a link yet or
not I guess if there is oh be in the
description box and if there's Austin
well you won't find in the description
box what sorry sissy we had a phenomenal
nap time here at the Raider house I
cleaned up our bedroom which is what I
really like to do during nap time and I
also snuck in a 20-minute nap oh and now
it's really noisy in the house however I
woke up feeling really really really
sleepy I knew that would happen if I let
myself fall asleep I try not to know as
a kid ever because it makes me sleepier
for the rest of the day it is now 5:00
p.m. and I just really can't hang
anymore so I'm having me a cappuccino
we should hide Timon Abram got his own
house to see when you guys are sleeping
or something we're not doggie Julia what
does the kitty say yeah yes man you guys
know what the greatest thing that this
life has to offer us a loving God right
now I'm feeling so thankful that the god
our creator of the universe is a loving
God how incredible is that he could have
been controlling he could have been like
pick us up put us where he wants us and
you know he gave us freedom I don't know
I'm right now just feel so thankful he's
loving isn't that incredible like He
loves us and we can experience what that
love feels like on a very tiny level
because he put that in us to love each
other I've just been pondering this and
it just feels so incredible to me I know
a lot of people will come back and say
well if he's loving why would he let
things like Las Vegas happen or these
mass shootings while we've let children
you know get raped molested and all this
stuff those are good questions and I
don't have a perfect answer for them but
you got to remember also that God sent
his son God came as a man and died for
us in the worst possible way a man can
die for us he did that for us I mean
what kind of love is that so today guys
when you're going about your day just
remember that god is love and he wants
you to come to him not for his sake but
for your sake for your joy for your
eternal life I don't know what it is not
today but it's like we're living in a
musical give them an example somebody
has
she's so happy clappy for sissy or I can
make a cupcake
cornbread it takes yeah you have to eat
green beans Abram you need to eat one
say mommy I don't like green beans I
don't get it you're ditching us on the
song dude and now she will crack an egg
she's going to drop the yolk down in the
bowl and throw the shell in the trash I
think you know we've been having like
the whole afternoon like this like we're
singing everything I know what's going
on it's just happening naturally and I
thought I'd fought about it cuz it's
really funny
we've just been singing everything like
paper I'm really disappointed that you
jumped off the song train why did you do
that you were on it you were singing
with us and then all of a sudden you
jumped off why'd you do that well sort
of
you might everyone because you won't
sing with us you're in timeout
yeah go to your room yeah go sit on your
rug yeah you're really in timeout here's
your snack no that's all that's left
from dinner time to get everyone in bed
for school tomorrow kind of feels like
we're starting all over first day of
school again because we've been
traveling so much I'll get her to repent
so she's still awake in here what's
going on sis you've been in bed for a
long time I bet you probably can't sleep
because that light is on you're an
interval for the day don't forget we
love you and remember to go to bed yeah
yeah that's a good one everyone would
like to tell you guys something too
that is about to happen oh my goodness
why are you two snuggling together
