we're gonna go meet a fan basic Michaela
drive account here why do you guys have
your subscriber count' didn't log you
guys aspect
in this together
what's up guys how you doing today good
afternoon
we're starting our day kind of late but
we're starting it with something very
fun we're gonna go meet a fan basic one
of our own today's her birthday and her
mom set up a little prize for her to
meet us and to have a little birthday
party at the park with it alright guys
look out for Makayla just gonna be
awesome here how do I step down love you
sir it's really sweet over there that
might be her she just dumped it Makayla
yeah sure we go the two over there
basic og fanbases
so what's going on
would you get free birthday you guys
have a party on it go to Six Flags
awesome yeah and she was it a surprise
and I said is she saying Salmonella
hilarious sorry Elsa said do you know
what can be
there Bob Sam Soon yeah does anybody
else care to have one of these the kids
are out there playing we're just feeding
her cupcakes
michaela lives two and a half hours away
from here what a crazy trip is to come
see us I feel so flattered I'm so
thankful for this time too we love our
viewers today she crazy have so many uh
some Ania enough Salmonella Salmonella
you can't tribe because you already
haven't broken on no I don't want to
she's trying to apron
everyone just like me how I am with my
booster board he is with the scooter
we'll go out somewhere and it'll be like
a really cool place but Dad this would
be such a cool place to ride my scooter
and I think about my boosted board a lot
different places I go
gentle rise gonna render my border state
juliette they're not all yours just
gonna put it back
y'all ever you want sugar burger yeah
you know what your daddy went to get
your water
Sam has got our bitty baby on that
skateboard
okay Mikayla I don't know if you'll know
this about me or not but one thing I
like to do when I meet someone new or
just hang out with anyone in general I
like to learn something new about them
so can you tell us something about
yourself something for me to learn and
our viewers your fellow fan basic I like
doing gymnastics gymnastics okay what's
your favorite color pink pink your best
friend is here with you where she at
there she is this is Lake Inn
goodnight stole my sunglasses she's
cooler in them anyway
game widows game winner you have your
own glasses their daddies know she's so
buggery got to tip now yo cartwheel
simply can do on roll them up there yeah
throw them up there there you go that's
a start
there you go
where's the sake San Francisco good job
he was walking about cooking dinner guys
but she didn't have the mic on so daddy
says same one sister waiter
Sam what does it say my sister we San
Francisco look guys says San Francisco
mm-hm
plan just go same almost put a julienne
down for best let's do high and low but
instead of the day was to high and low
the past week what's your favorite thing
we did in San Francisco Abram you first
okay I'm gonna pick my favorite today
and M of the week so today it was the
birthday party on our trip it was it
Golden Gate Bridge go Gate Bridge
yes that was driving across the Golden
Gate Bridge or boarding on it org I
don't say my point surprisingly was
going across the Bay Bridge that bridge
was absolutely incredible as
breathtaking coursing the Golden Gate
Bridge and that fog was incredible Twin
Peaks oh man it was like one of the best
trips I've ever been on
what was your low point guys was there a
low point in history that day when I am
fat top on that last day when I had it
but not ask for anything and I didn't
get ice cream the best ice cream could
you ask for somebody hey guys let's do
come another day and it goes to
so-and-so why do you guys have your
subscriber count' hit and log you guys
ask that I can't find one right now but
love you guys that's it so what's gonna
be coming up a day today cuz we want to
answer that so I initially did it
because you know honestly if I could
hide all the numbers I would if I could
hide views at the time I hit subscribers
I'd probably hide views as well because
as me already knows I feel like I'm
letting the numbers get to me get to my
personal life get to me I guess
emotionally you could say I'm a little
bit too much like you're starting to
seeing when the views go up my mood goes
up when views go down my mood goes down
that's something I struggled with for a
while it's like and it shouldn't be that
way I should be regulating my emotions
based on you
my relationship with Christ and my
relationship with my wife and you know
the kids it's just not important it's
not important enough for me to be
letting that have that control over me
so that's why I hit subscribe button at
the time and you know we kind of just
don't want our channel to be all about
numbers numbers numbers it's about you
guys and it's about our life we want to
show you guys our life it's not about
trying to you know get the biggest and
best views and it's cool that we do have
some videos that have really good views
and stuff like that but it's just not
something that we want to define us and
also I think I was letting the
subscriber count'
dissuade me from doing creative things
like you were discouraging uh people
aren't liking my stuff and I want to do
creative things I love doing it and the
numbers shouldn't matter I should just
do what I love to do and if I love it if
I'm enjoying it somebody else will I
don't want those gnomes controlling me
and yes we know there are some benefits
to showing subscriber count' of course I
think one of the biggest benefit and the
thing a lot of people want to see
subscriber counts because they want to
see how much the channel has grown since
they subscribed for example if you
subscribed at 7,000 to see that you've
been there since 7000 all the way to 2
million and possibly another benefit for
us showing subscriber counts that show
how many people click subscriber they
come to our channel how many people are
liking it and so if that many people are
liking you're probably gonna like it
it's just another factor to encourage
people to come and subscribe what do you
guys think um do you guys care I'm
curious if you guys even care we could
put a poll up here do you guys think we
should put it back on is it that
important to you guys should we do what
we are doing and then show it when we
feel like showing it and don't show it
when we don't feel like showing it or
should we not show it at all what do you
guys think I'll put a poll but uh yeah
so that's why thanks for hearing us out
and thanks for asking I mean it's cool
to see so many of you wondering about
this you want to know what's going on
and why we're doing this I think it's
cool to connect with you guys and be
able to tell you what's going on inside
our brains don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other hey there's
a special day for him he is upgrading
there's a little girlfriend oh my gosh I
hate drunk drivers
