starting room to a full house house you
don't mind I get to actually take out
the toilet here guys just absolutely
unbelievable you guys ready to see the
twistiest road and all of the whole
world
gamora fanbase igg how are you guys
today welcome to San Francisco
we are off to go get some breakfast my
mom is off to go meet some friends we're
gonna eat at na and we go to 9 a.m. oh
wow
I don't mean to make anybody want to
jump to the camera or anything you try
to eat my breakfast but I'm having in
the fell up parfait not Stella look at
that does it sound healthy it's half
something else all right now and that's
enough for me you can have the
strawberry that was starting route to a
full house house everywhere hold on
we are so close I just can't even handle
it I'm like beside myself I'm so excited
my heart's beating fast I grew up
watching the show and I'm very like into
details of shows and movies that I
really like and feel like I invested my
time in even as an adult when I was
really like a show I liked to learn
about the actors in it I don't know I'm
just like that so we're almost to the
full House house slash fuller house
house for the eun-jung circus that
didn't grow up watching full house who's
your favorite character on the show I
really want to know and how am i guys
turn left onto Broderick Street my
favorite character growing up was
definitely Michelle tanner thank you the
destination is on your right
full house house oh my gooooood arrived
the full house we love you but please
respect our nice neighbors and be quiet
oh my gosh but it looks just like it
this is so cool Wow I want to get out
let me get out and you can pull kind of
place apart come on guys okay guys this
is the full health omg omg there's no
one here to take my picture Sam had to
like keep driving because the road was
busy here we are I'm a little confused
because I read that the door was gonna
be red come on guys let's go this is it
doors just not red I'll just go ahead
and ring the door DJ let's go home oh my
god
now here goes you guys ready to see the
twistiest road in all of the whole world
well what a beautiful view though guys
like this is really windy roads don't
whine this cute adorable road this is
awesome I've always wanted to have you
let's follow this silver car down guys
watch how windy it is and there's
Alcatraz guys are the most dangerous
prisons in the world at the time we're
assuming that right there at the Bay
Bridge I'm going to the Exploratorium
finding it slightly fine what would you
say that have you guys heard of pure
nine because that's kind of where we're
headed a lot of people suggested it but
we're gonna go right by it and go the
expert orient let the kids do some
exploring get out of the car for a
little minutes go have some fun
are you guys ready to explore the world
around us let's do it let's go do some
exploring I have it right here my button
honey this isn't a race to the top guys
racing we're gonna sell balance the
sticker here good start Symphony there's
kind of fear at the balance itself
it's a waterfowling excuse me kids this
is like a dream come true for me so if
you don't you know Mike and I get to
actually freaked out but spoilers here
since we try it out why hey Brooke here
you drink water up the toilet when you
get the drink water out of the toilet
this is really interesting guys we're
trying to peddle the bike here with the
different muscles of the leg each color
represents a different muscle as
Symphony is trying to figure out what
order of muscles get the bicycle goes
get that spinning as fast as you can
whoa that was fast
all right now pick it up grab that red
hammer okay don't let it touch the body
now turn the wheel does it turn the
chair
terms of kids me my brother used to get
magnets and just rub them round him and
rub them around in the dirt and it would
pick up this kind of sand you give a
little bit of it work its own history
it's touching oh yeah no it is
I'll turn the fan on let's do the fan
see if you guys could get the PO nice
turn
all right guys make some guesses simply
do you think it's going to go this way
and go through the funnel and hit the
metal bowl or go this way and ring the
bell
I'm going to start right up here let's
try get here gums okay first thing on
the track I made it too fast
tinkering guys that's what Symphony and
Abram are doing right now tinkering for
a crazy job looks like these people
actually have a job with making a little
little teenager so look at this place
I didn't know there was a job that was
like comparable to being as great as
being a youtuber but I think this is
giving a run for its money here
cheesy action
each kid has a different table city has
this table he's trying to make this
wagon down right here the wound
attack on the end of it and the circuit
this isn't credible I took this off that
is a little guy sweeping and this is a
shot from above and he's moving the club
with the time that's the actual time
daddy it just stayed on a pigeon no this
that's I just been
the whole middle of this thing is moving
Juliet come up here baby cause this
place is insane I could probably come
here day after day for a week and not
hit everything that's here there's so
much looks for so much to learn it's
incredible
okay guys it's almost 2:45 and it's time
to go and see the little experiment that
Symphony was working on in workshop
several little kids made tables and
different things going on with it but
Symphony contributed the balloon portion
and so we're gonna go watch the whole
thing here's the Twin Peaks there's one
peak there's the other peak so you can
see the people
the kids are napping right now so I'm
just cruising on top of San Francisco
nothing new
you know just cruising on top of the
world
I feel like I'm kind of snowboarding on
concrete because this is kind of what it
looks like when I'm snowboarding at the
peaks in Mammoth Mountain definitely the
best trip I've ever taken out my boosted
board just absolutely unbelievable yeah
what's up dudes
saw did ya come up here and hang out and
ski I got a rip on that yes
all right the families headed up the
Christmas tree point overlook which is
this peak right here and not that that's
why it's called Twin Peaks Symphony
there's the twins there's one twin
there's the other twin you're on the
other spoon okay here we go I'm gonna be
a real Explorer started going to mouth
wrong
so this is the peak you come to go see a
great view of the towers which are right
here front of us beautiful downtown guys
7yz teaching abram to throw with one
hand on his head I don't know about this
I'm a little nervous guys are off to
dinner and I'm not really sure about the
location a little bit uh a little dingy
that's a little out sorry come on in
guys
hey bro we go crazy over here but you
guys can eat in the school bus look at
it
school bus check it out all right we'll
see you later bus
hey bro Mother's Day oh shut the door
literally not coming he's in the
pretending to drive over there you push
this part
again the most wonderful start
the Bay Bridge is a little over 23,000
feet long and it's about 18,000 feet
longer than the Golden Gate Bridge
we were so little the Golden Goose oh
look at this sunset over there
well guys what a crazy aspirin day we
had today like it requires some aspirin
my mom got a headache but it was a crazy
day really fun amazing super memorable
so super excited about tomorrow morning
we're getting on the cable car I'm so
excited we're going because I don't
think we're going to get to do that but
we just so happen to pass it up on our
way here we went back and decided it's
my line anyway super excited everybody's
in bed Nana sleeping sorry Nana no
choice we'll see you tomorrow guys don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other I'm back so we're getting on
the plane and there was a man sitting in
first class like in the second row and
Abram looks at it was like Symphony that
man's gonna have a baby I don't
understand what people did with their
lives before carousels it could have hit
me in the back of my head it could've
killed me I'm just scared stop cuz I
hate when you feel me when I'm like this
I was recording
