come on oh right a family morning abram
morning seals
come on a fan to the bees page the zoo's
you can't see right now but I see I see
you when I'm not looking into the Sun
okay no we can't eat on here no he don't
have my pant you though kids one Kitty
no eating on the cram guys Dorothy's
gonna go hungry cuz the ham
you like it did you love it we've scared
you were scary were you scared something
right
by terminating us 28 20 years
but now we are headed out to walk around
downtown a little bit before we have the
hit of the airport we have like an hour
to waste or two hours it's not that
funny
essence we're waiting for the bellman to
come up and get our luggage we're going
to comment of the day early and it goes
to Shelby Vann hole why do you put the
clip of Nia talking about what Abram
said about that man I mean come on it's
the title of the video hahaha okay so
we're getting on the plane and there was
a man sitting in first class like in the
second row and Abram looks at him he was
like Symphony table man's gonna have a
baby he's got a baby in his tummy
something like that so we walk a little
bit further and I can hear them laughing
and I hear that see the adults laughing
and I was like did he just say something
rude I'm really sorry and he was like no
no we have kids it's okay and so I was
like Abram what did you say
he said that man's got a big tummy he's
like getting all serious and like real
bro about it I was like oh my gosh I'm
so getting payback right now I can
remember very clearly as I like six to
eight year old walking up to my Uncle
Henry patting his tummy and saying oh
you've got a baby in your tummy when's
your baby gonna come out and I just got
in so much trouble for it now this is
like oh my gosh is what they're talking
about when they're like you'll get yours
you'll get your pay back you don't have
to call me pregnant anymore right only
women can have babies don't ever say
that again okay it's really rude
it is okay Hey
we are walking on pier 39 there are tons
of shops and restaurants we just passed
the cookie butter store oh my goodness
I'm just overwhelmed and we're kind of
limited on time here I wish we came here
yesterday so
I'm now in the cable car store I want to
get my mom a souvenir
I don't understand what people did with
their lives before carousels
we're going
Airport loading back we're here we're in
San Francisco way let's do this for two
more hours
bringing dinner on the point look at
this a little separated again by the way
oh great guys
we're not even locked out of the house
again come on in kids
get in did you guys hear that big crash
at the back of the airplane landing yeah
one of those big metal containers of
this store stuff in you forgot to lock
it and it came flying out and hit the
floors you know it could have hit me in
the back of my head we're gonna go meet
a fan basic clothes her birthday why do
you guys have your subscriber count'
hidden
