I am now on my way to go fly in a jet
with Jeff I'm gonna do something kind of
crazy too but here we're doing something
even crazier than what you thought we
were doing this is a top-secret
operation
I'll show you guys soon in an update
morning me and Andrea are gonna spend
the day together
all right guys this is Andrea and I and
we're gonna do something crazy to my
hair it's a Sofia yes she doing cool
things do you practice on her
good morning guys how you doing today so
Mike and I starting to meet up every
other week as accountability partnership
so he's taking his place he has some big
shoes to fill there buddy he weighs in
this entire time you think it'd be a
great idea yes let me just tell you it's
not good so we're gonna read a book
together or you just want to read out of
the Bible because we're gonna read John
Piper's don't waste your life together
there's a get it there's a little
problem no you didn't get it
no we wouldn't do this we both have to
be good kids you get it no I did not his
dad put us together we're in the same DC
together and he thought it would work
because we both have a TV anyway hey
doing my house what's going on in your
private life
let's run all of the girls and stuff
whoa between the camera
my help okay yeah internal okay guys
either yet and I've been talking about
my hair and how much breakage it has so
we're gonna cut a little bit of it off
you guys think I should do the side
shave Andrea would you even do it for me
shaving your head
no it's gonna they go one better girl I
know I've been growing my hair out for
like two years you guys remember when I
cut it off like a bob and it was really
short and it's just now getting long
again oh I want to do something kind of
crazy to my hair I don't know
how's it goin good so that was a
blessing I am now on my way to go fly in
a jet with Jeff from our GC I've been
wanting to do this and get a really cool
360 video so that's where I'm headed
pretty interesting how this discipleship
with Mike just kind of fell into place
right after Heath left or is like right
before is like this transition was
perfect
just Craig because now I'm in a position
to bless Mike in the way Heath blessed
me with his experience and biblical
knowledge no no I got a pretty big
responsibility here you know there he is
over there I'm really nervous guys I
woke up nervous just because you know
he's gonna be doing some crazy acrobats
in the sky but naturally I would be
nervous but also because symphony before
I left this more she came outside and
ran before I left and she's crying
telling me not to leave and I bet just
got me think I was like what she have
like a bad feeling about this like she
doesn't usually do that I know she loves
her daddy she really needed me more this
morning and then it's making me wonder
do you want me to put GoPro in the wings
to get an outside shot we all know he
talks about it do you think that's too
dangerous
I'm not worried about it falling I don't
think it's dangerous all right you're
gonna use one of those mounts yeah
that'll pick you mom I have no I have no
issue with you sticking anything on the
plane oh really yeah I mean it's just
caught my look for a coin or like
get a shot from out here let's see it so
I'm basically gonna go like that and
then you stick a screw in it yeah
I'll screw it on right now I'll get the
whole whole plane I'm trying to find a
spot for a 360 can
we got guys this is my first Jimmy John
sandwich you guys Andrea is introducing
me yes well we live right above it so
it's not you
well you're making a mess apparently my
hair is just wants to be a big ball of
orange andrea is like why does your hair
pull some orange she's doing all these
fancy turns on me but I'm debating guys
maybe I just I really should just shave
part of my head and dye it all pink or
orange or red or something and then he's
done was trying to get pretty bright
blondes out of my hair now my hair was
looking pretty good the color but it was
looking really dingy for me
and for what I aspire for my hair to
look like which is basically not my
natural color I just need a diet black
and be done with it I'll be a raven
seriously I told Andrea if it still
looks orange we'll just die all black
now go home
they fitted for my parachute you know
just in case is pretty unnecessary
though right
oh yeah no never never ejected never
bailed out my landings equal my takeoffs
for sure so this is the seat
I'm not be right out nothing said with
and I don't want to get on that plane
I'm gonna be up in the air and it's
gonna be too late so difficulties decide
to get on there's a 360 cam because I'm
another camera right now
and say you should do something that
scares you every day right so this won't
be scary well I mean it makes me nervous
I mean I'm not be a spirit last time was
that we're gonna pull this MIDI please
I'm gonna be a lot smoother okay so for
some reason you pass out should I take
control the plane or should I bail the
plane I would I would try to land it try
to land it yeah hold this panel by your
own panel right there don't touch it
okay if for some reason I get a bloody
nose what should I do if for some reason
my lower back starts itching for some
reason I need to blow my nose talking
about I'm just trying to cover all my
bases here man we'll be fine
all right just communicate with me just
tell me what's up what's going on back
there all right yeah you only thought we
were ten we're got to go on a field trip
and we're doing something even crazier
than what you thought we were doing
we're back from the field trip this is a
top-secret operation
I'll show you guys soon an update Danny
no trip was great
the hairs gonna be greater stay tuned
you robbed alive
feels good be alive right now
I almost up chunked up there oh god I'm
glad you didn't at the very end I mean I
might have had it I might have been a
bit sympathetic to you were you
sympathetic I mean were you being like
cautious or I might if I smelled puke
I'm out of it I might have become a
sympathetic Giver
oh gosh I got a friend of mine who was a
who's a fighter pilot
he said that happened - does that upset
your stomach at all no not at all I do
it I do it once a week no but still I
don't see how your body gets used to
something like that that's crazy like I
feel my organ just kind of piling up
together my body
well the GoPro survived so that's cool
your mind oh they're just mixing up some
kind of guy she's a troll just kidding
this is it what are we doing at
happening what I'm gonna watch your face
get him here
oh he's not showing you guys how long
yes I'm glad I didn't eat breakfast I
had a banana early this morning but I
chose not to eat because of that and I'm
it was a very wise there was a moment in
the flight where he said oh I'm sorry
Sam and it just made my heart drop I was
like oh my gosh which is sorry about and
like you just forgot to turn the camera
off he was recording up down in the
cockpit and scare the crap
just like okay we're dead
- am i with you right away alright
headed home now are you in eat or
berries are y'all done are you sure
now eat some more baby eat some more
strawberries and then get up okay second
20 oh my gosh my hair guys unicorn hair
darn your car and I'm a dark horse oh my
goodness I got a fresh cut so good very
good
yes when I curl it okay here it is
outside you guys I am loving it honestly
so I really like it it's so different we
gotta take a selfie together family okay
bye guys hope you had some of this day
turning me into purple dark unicorn
picked up some precious cargo I'm taking
Nana home now he doesn't want there to
go but I do okay pebbles was riding
right here in the middle I wonder if I
reach for you mom when she bite me just
in this oh yes I did
hey Sam you gotta talk to me so she only
protection people hug usually trust like
it busted on Jake
she's so crazy except if she's in the
car it's funny later ok I'm home late
now this was an all-day affair hello
what did i do hi
take that where'd you go don't you I've
been with Andrea so can you look at my
hair no stereo sound you're so cute oh
you look like a rock star small you're
so cute simply thank you that's exactly
what me and Andrea say we said I bet
symphonies how about you do blue anyway
one day a huge crowd gathered by the
road Jesus was coming to their town and
everyone wanted to see him Zacchaeus
wanted to see Jesus too but everyone was
too tall my hair the color in my hair
right now in this lighting just I really
like
Hey excuse you know what we'll dude
you're done oh you want to keep me just
give me a shot
