all that stuff really didn't matter
we're miles away from where I grew up
together
morning guys so that's gonna be super
exciting we got a lot going on today
because little performance what I'm
gonna film probably any of it because
it's gonna be a little surprise we'll
let you know as soon as it comes out so
you guys could go watch it after this
guys we're gonna lead the hotel and head
to San Jose and see the house I grew up
in or one of the houses I grew up in and
the only house we lived in wall in
California and I was just thinking all
the battle outside of Alaska silverstein
because I've so many memories there been
dating since I was like 15 when I turned
16 and I like take great pride in all
like things I know about him and have
seen in his family so now I just have
one actually a little things not gonna
just totally admit this but I feel like
you're gonna mainly because I've known
Ethan longus oh I was really close in
the Raider house I don't know kind of
like a little bit going on girls have a
lot of competition going on in curly but
the brothers dated so many of my best
friends that we were all teenagers and
it's like yes I'm still around all that
stuff really didn't matter and then
after that we're headed to San Fran
really exciting day today guys yeah yeah
oh my gosh yeah yeah we gotta get there
maybe like coffee needs to just a
template I can tickle both of you guys
if you are yeah let's do it
good morning guys I just got my makeup
and hair done Sam and Kate are talking
about if Annie and I are putting like
vlogs together for this and is there
like a time in between now and when we
start the show where we can ask you like
two or three questions for our blog I
would say let's do it right after our
run sorry man
at the end of the show like winner Mike
what do you say I don't know if I'm
gonna win our ladies happy national taco
day we are in a really fun shoot it's
just gonna be so we're trying to make
some want tacos you guys having fun
today it's natural it's all good I know
you're watching in a couple of days
after national tour okay but what did
you guys do to celebrate this momentous
day so we're just hanging out back here
waiting to get ready and do the shoot
feel a little nervous about I don't know
why we vlog with cameras on our faces
every single day like you guys know
there's like a thousand lights into Iowa
I'm not gonna make you more nervous
no it's okay be great this is our fan
club not Fanning right now though hey
rose
take a picture father can we talk about
that sure
it's show time today is the ultimate
Taco Tuesday and the lawns of Clorox is
latest innovation Clorox bleach with
Foreman so our production crew can thank
us later
actually nothing think of now or not to
celebrate this momentous day narrator
from Sam and Nia Nia loves to go
go-karting down Highway one to clear her
head
discovered the cure for sarcasm and
things Ukrainian ambient funk is going
to be the next big thing and pen
colonists from the Holderness family pen
is a semi-professional grocery cart
mechanic
speaks Spanish only on Wednesday and
once auditioned to play NJ yeah really
good hits on those confetti things are
awesome
oh yeah that was yeah hi it's a battle
for the start of the interview we just
finished shooting this great thing with
Alfonzo and Nia and a little cleaner now
yes I'm really happy this y'all word
like dirty and nasty and I might have
even been smelly I was dancing out there
I was down I was getting I was y'all
were throwing it and I was whoa whoa are
you and Will Smith close buddies yes
yeah we still talk every once in a while
mostly now I think you know via our our
smartphone so we you know we will chat
it up basically via text whenever I like
I'm hanging out with someone I like to
see if I can learn something new about
them okay one thing I feel like I've
learned about you is you got a lot of
advice you have a lot of things to share
with people so if you could give our
viewers a piece of advice just any
generic piece of advice for life generic
I think you know without getting
political what I would say is the most
advice you get the most of the biggest
advice I guess I could give anybody is
to have empathy for other people right
it's impossible to walk a day in anybody
else's shoes right so rather than saying
your thoughts or correct have empathy
for what other people might be feeling
and thinking and going through on both
sides right so it's not just one way
it's not me saying it to a specific
person it's also saying it back to me
and what my views might be so it's about
having empathy and I think we we in this
world if we can have a little bit more
empathy we will we will certainly fix
this country in a lot of ways I tried to
do the the that daddy thing it's a lot
of going wrong happening that ain't
supposed to happen okay in the dance you
know I think the key is that is leading
the arms I mean it's not the same time
the arms lead and then the body follows
oh right so and then the about a fun
here's what's interesting so that's
closer without the elbow beating and
because you're six five that just looks
like a pterodactyl the reality is I
literally I get asked to do the dance
every day of my life and if I leave my
house somebody will ask me to dance
do the dance while they're driving in
their car do the yes they see me they
will say you know lb next next we're
gonna do I'm like you can't see it I'm
sitting in a car I'm driving what do you
mean through the dance so so yes we try
to forget that and we I always tell
people the best way to see the dance is
just go online and watch it online
it's best online anyway 6-minute better
I don't know I'd really like here's
penny once sued your face is amazing
he went there you guys have anything
special going on for national taco day
or what what is it hey buddy that's
awful
they eat flavor oh it sounds good
I'll get that
almost there
four miles away from where I grew up
until I was what eight seven years old I
have a lot of memories here though a lot
that's Sam's old school what guys daddy
used to go to school here
there's a 7-eleven your dad used to go
there by of Slurpees and treats for fun
Friday that turned right onto harmony
lane hmm in a quarter-mile the
destination is on your right hi family
I've been here since this is when wait
just be like you're right
not that one decide that's one yeah it's
got my winter
boom this is what Michael Buster open
his chin right and then I'm busted my
chin open we both had stitches like very
close to each other is really strange
this is also we used to chase down the
ice-cream man I forgot about that's like
oh man we used to drive up our wheels
through here
mom I remember right here we had the big
blue van with a blue David got his head
stuck in the window you know screaming
and crying and we were walking this way
I look you know George he grew up here
my son thanks for letting us come in
this is Christmas i remodeled the
kitchen you know we had it done oh they
can you count on so this is your room oh
yeah that's Andy's room this is mighty
daddy's this is daddy's room over here
no has super twins that made Matthew
David's Rachel room was right here you
sure a positive the backyard yeah I
always showed you the back here where
you please so doing that 89 earthquake
we all rained underneath this table yeah
as kids I remember with this harness you
made it too big did you do this that's
what we always wanted to do but we never
had the money we had a little game area
right here right mom yeah we had tv6
right here this was the game room the TV
was set up right there he goes oh that
looks great
yeah so we're I imagine I remembered
everything so much bigger
that's the hill we used to climb on and
slide down with like cardboard
we had tree houses up here trip down
memory lane this is the biggest trip
down memory lane I've ever taken so
Michael and I were in this room I
remember both of us in bed we'd look out
this window and count the airplanes that
went by I was that little that's crazy
it's been strange I'm so big now I have
my own little girl just found out the
neighbor had passed away the guy used to
live here honey
this is right learned how to ride my
bike it's kind of similar to where we
live we have a street like this right in
front of our house and a kind of cross
area you know it's really soon
that's why I lived there so much so I
was a little boy I really put a little
boy it wasn't all my dreams and that's
exactly what our van used to sound like
much more of a needs to sound like we
heard that all the time that could be
the van I really remember this pump
right here modem all this try to get
over this help with our car wheels and
so annoying
simply we had a swimming pool like you
have the pink one I had a blue one right
here nice to slag down a little bitty
slide
it is so cool I just can't even imagine
going back to the blue house when our
kids are all grown up one day I feel
like the emotions would be too much for
me to handle like all the memories and
then just the kids not being little
anymore missing that phase if I'm having
three kids
can you imagine go back to our house and
even having three kids of his own is
that kind of how you feel Sharon we're
kind of overwhelmed with emotion yeah we
have a friend over here we used to make
like a little critters together used to
stay at his house
come on minor here mama is Indian Day or
is that what it's called yeah you look
at that kindergarten you're kidding
honors right there
yeah with a new day right out there Oh
Rachel did too
so every time I see it 7-eleven guys I
think of this one right here cuz it's so
special me my dad used to come here by
his licorice M&Ms licorice was the big
thing and Slurpees he's to bring home
every Friday we were all sit down and
watch a movie at that house he just went
to super special 7-eleven really cool
being here
God loved us to San Francisco skyline
there's a Golden Gate Bridge we're on it
No are you seriously
Oh
beautiful amazing it's really foggy it's
so cool somebody was telling us today at
the shoot that because of the fog and
the sunshine and the really beautiful
weather mixing it would just that it
would be kind of like the city and the
tall things peeking out over the fog and
it's just so much better than the way
they described it is so beautiful it's
so amazing you see it peeking out over
this like thick massive fog all right
guys we're at the Golden Gate Bridge
visitor center Symphony and I hat we're
gonna cross that bridge on my loser
board you sure you're ready for this yes
you hear the ferry bye guys
the Golden Gate Bridge
simply look shake the brooder here grab
this handle that's how the real bridge
does shake it when it blows does that
baby see the cars but watch the Golden
Gate Bridge big bill
simply listen do you hear that horn
that's actually not the fairies that's
the bridge there's a foghorn on it when
it's foggy it goes off every 18 seconds
with the National goes off there's 18
seconds pretty cool hotel right guys
it's all set up to be like a marine
thing all the kids are getting ready for
bed Tiffany got a new pet her name or
his name is odd see honey
her name's Roxy what a huge day we had
man I took a huge walk down memory lane
we got to see San Francisco that bridge
was just incredible we got to have one
of the best experiences which is being a
part of the competition at Muse in this
one but we'll see you guys tomorrow for
another huge day here in San Fran e
don't forget we love you and remember to
love everyone else close enough you
don't mind I get you actually take out
you guys ready to see the twistiest road
in all of the whole world I'm nervous
for you guys I feel so sick I got
diarrhea No
