not going to show for this little talent
here together
good morning fan to the bees how are you
guys doing this morning getting our days
started mom's taking the kids for a
little ride here Tiffany and I are gonna
go find breakfast and some food for
today for the kids because Nana's gonna
be staying here with the kids while nee
and I take care of some business on a
call that some fun business are you
ready honey
guys I'm hor but remember my parking
spot I'm not really looking forward to
getting old I'm really gonna get lost
we're gonna do our shopping at smart and
final extra this place
breakfast was good I'm going to show for
this little talent here to her little
performance or act or event whatever
here so any today's a very summery take
a toward rehearsal tonight very nervous
just see Carlton I am ho I really wanted
to practice dance and like dance with
him do it like this
get out the car I can't do it honey
going she's so nervous
we're meeting Carlton from Fresh Prince
of bel-air honey don't look nervous okay
let's go girls
oh it's locked
 over here do you guys want Nia it's
going hey guys check out who we're
hanging out with Holderness family so
excited and we're gonna be going head
competition so just them two and Carlton
is going to be hosting depends on what
their dance look like you can do
something we're gonna be like I had the
ability I said you're great I have all
the ability to be okay she totally blew
guys I blew it
your first interaction with Carlton you
blew it you think I blew it
I didn't think I look I blowed it blowed
it honey it was just so funny here's the
nerves you like I was like I'm ready
didn't practicing can we dance later I
said later I didn't saying it right now
I said will you dance with me at some
point not right now obviously it was
like it depends but I was gonna call
Carlton when I first saw him at the news
lady guts were talking I was like dude
people call Carlton does he hate that
and she made a face like and that sounds
like okay don't come as new ponds oh
yeah
for all of your cleaning needs what
would happen if okay so welcome we're
doing rehearsal one more time walking
behind the set here so we're gonna
sandwich Alfonzo do like rapid-fire
questions what do you guys want to know
I want to know if he's best friends with
Will Smith do you want to know about
Alfonzo oh I think he seems to be
keeping it tight I want to know how he's
keeping it tight like what his workout
regimen I see there's a good question
well that's a wrap for my little actress
here not actress it's actually all real
stuff um for me to watch you I'm not
even lying let me just say you've been
so adorable out there I felt so nervous
at one point because they're telling us
to get kind of goofy and it makes me
forget on you to do yeah they were like
just embrace the group and just like if
Alfonso is like oh come on now how are
you feeling and I really want to throw
in some of the light I don't want to
talk about it and I felt so
uncomfortable doing I didn't do it at
all during the rehearsals yeah I wanted
to go up there and squeeze you so we're
gonna go pick up the kids now and
hopefully do something with them oh hey
buddy what you doing under there
okay sleepy after your bath he's still
in his bath towels we're headed out the
kiss didn't work on you apart and we are
but it's in the form of can you fix it
for me hey guys we're almost there we
made it to the park this is the park
you guys let's do it after a day cooped
up in the hotel we wanted to surprise
the kids with a fun outing and Nana she
was cooped up too but I think this is
this is fun for her oh they all behaved
so good that they deserve it
I know many prizes did you see the
tickets here aren't worth as much as
they are in Texas and I think that Chuck
Beach is overall is bigger in Texas but
you know what they say
let's go guys let's go home
I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not alone but in this
together a shot there
don't worry
