so what are we going to San Francisco in
this together
come on a fan to the beach to the edge
and as I see her you guys throw this
morning we're getting ready to go to
school yeah yeah yeah anyway after
school we are going to fancy Aska San
Francisco San Fran gonna call sand Fanny
Cisco because when I go there I like to
sit on my Fanny and Fanny Cisco
so why are we goin to San Francisco it's
kind of a business trip that's why we're
gone we're leaving a little late today
we're leaving around 7 p.m. we usually
leave around 7 a.m. so Annie is pretty
excited about this trip
guys we're about to go see the house
that this is modeled after this DVD case
but first I gotta wake up the kids me
once ago Symphony Ely it's taking her
nap and so's Abraham's wake up these
little part full Nubians get ready to go
to San Francisco buddy Sam what the come
on let's go Sam Fanny get your shoes on
bring your balloons okay fine
hi ready to go
let's go sempre
I think somebody's ready to go to San
Francisco try to brush your hair you're
bowing it up in the back of your head
it'll pick up Nana cos Nana's coming
along with us of course because we can't
handle all these kids in San Francisco
without a Nana
hop in sweetie your foot it's all over
my brand-new shirt firstly forgot
Juliet's stroller and we are going to
the airport with it's the reek our seeds
a little baby before year old that can
run Oster than Sam and meat combined
long about Sam but he's really fast so
I'm here just stopping on the side of
the road at this Babies R Us to get a
stroller the one we currently have is
kind of a cheapy one it's not the best
for going on walks I'm kind of
considering getting one of these because
it's a little bit more sturdy for
walking and it's fall now
Oh Sam shouldn't let me come in each
other did it I like the city that's like
that and I also like these though he's
like a nice
Oh but sometimes we pile up stuff on the
stroller stroller is not that big in
ways
and yeah so you gotta buy gate that when
you take a stroller out of the box you
have to put it all together you have to
screw the wheels on and attach all the
trays we're trying to catch a flight so
the sweet people that babies are out
here and Dallas let me take the shelf
one I don't think they were supposed to
do that but they let me thank you all
different seats American Airlines is
horrible at getting us together it's
unbelievable we're all separated on the
plane yeah all separated everybody else
is different
everywhere not man through all this
stuff I gotta carry come on guys just
take your time you're good
take your time but fingers weren't
hurting at all we managed to get seats
next to each other at this time but we
got to sit in the very back of the plane
I like the smell back there
we made the same Frannie what a great
flight that was they'll get our own
seats Julie it was amazing for the last
hour of the flight how was it honey was
it that bad you and Julian look at your
wrestling back there and she fell asleep
in my arms for the last hour and it made
all the wrestling's troubles disorder it
was so guys what is this about
because I've always wanted to ride on
one of these carousels it's just been a
dream of mine and he's not down here I
don't see any security nobody's here to
stop me
dang it but I'm afraid the kids are
gonna jump on after me where's Nia I
want to get on the carousel wanna forth
you guys stay here stay there I'm coming
true oh Jesus you don't care so it's
kissing me you're gonna get me in
trouble you always wanted to do that no
more I'm going up our cars that's cool
guys they have all these iPads
everywhere leaders you guys ready to see
what car we're riding in BAM
I guess so as excited as I am
check us out as a camera view from above
how does that even make sense is
happening god the rear view mirrors a
camera look can you see right in the car
it is 2 a.m. here guys willing to go
ahead and go sleep we got a big day
tomorrow or she does I'm just gonna
watch but before we say goodnight guys I
just wanna you know I just want to
remind you guys that our thoughts and
our prayers go out to everybody in Las
Vegas yeah it's just such a disgusting
thing that happened you know we're all
trying to process this and realize that
how somebody could even do something so
hateful so just it's just so
heartbreaking I've been commenting back
and forth with some of you today and we
just want you guys our fan basic in Las
Vegas especially if you're there and
you're hurting please know we're praying
for you guys we love you guys and and
we're just so sorry for what you're
going through and can't imagine if you
guys want a way to give you can buy our
t-shirt
it's a remember love each other inside
the Las Vegas sign and 100% of the
proceeds when you buy that shirt go
tours it's going to national compassion
fund Las Vegas which is through the
National Center for victims of crime and
100% of the proceeds are going directly
to the victims from the Las Vegas
shooting all right guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you I'll
be the hand that you can hold when you
can't make it on your own
it's you and not alone but in this
together
and we can say
you take that out for me yeah
