good morning guys morning so yesterday
we designed a shirt for relief for the
victims of the Las Vegas shooting that
happened on October 1st there will be a
link in the description that you can
click on and 100% everything all the
proceeds are going to go directly to the
victims of the Las Vegas shooting it is
going to national compassion fund Las
Vegas to cool sure guys easy way to give
back to this horrible horrible tragedy
that happened in Las Vegas so go buy a
cool shirt I says remember love each
other on that but um yeah until the walk
today guys promised here's my fall
wreath doesn't look too bad now does it
this is made with all leftover things
from last fall except for the little fox
in the middle and I found her at Walmart
for like $4 so I thought that was pretty
good little steal you know like I said
everything else this mesh is really old
I mean I bought it on clear last year
from the fall before it was 75 cents
this is from last fall guys ng see the
kids were all swinging like rough and
wild and that table got knocked over but
the other way and it's much to my plants
need to pick stuff I showed you guys my
entry table either I'm moving around a
lot I'm always like rearranging it you
guys have suggestions I've been looking
all over Pinterest I did a little under
display too
kids have rearranged it a little bit I
need to fix it up but I also found this
at Walmart for like thirteen dollars
maybe fifteen and I filled it up with
real pumpkins and cinnamon sticks and
read this little thing full of cinnamon
sticks also which will last all three
like following Christmas season and then
once you know like spring comes around I
can fill it full of potpourri or
something like that got my flowers but I
also have a lot of signs and I guess I
really like signs of right now so I was
talking to my friend and she's saying a
balance is everything I don't know I
think it looks a little so I have all
three signs like it works cute each
little section is really cute right so
Abraham got a birthday present symphonie
god Bebo doesn't just get my fake
husband did you get it I got this cool
toy are you ready big boy it's time to
measure Abram he's been four years old
for a little over a week now and I have
not gotten to measure him because well
we've just said busy on the go and we
just I don't know we keep forgetting to
do it and so now we're gonna do it we're
gonna measure you Abram are you ready
come on this side I'm gonna scoot your
feet all the way up against the wall
real nice and flat
okay well you always gross per buddy
he's gonna be in Sandy's room let's go
in or Abram he got scared of scout Tony
you just got to sit down there you go a
little girl with your little dress
oh this is a cool rug dude it's like
grass no way no way so big I can't even
I can't look at those two crazy they're
not mine have you recuperated from the
weekend oh I was sleepy for like two
full days I was like man we only got
four hours of sleep I know your night
can you say mama can you say yeah yeah
every time and he's trying to teach the
baby to do it some people at my school
always
they had talk talk talk talk talk
I told them at bat and my friend's life
that motion sounds another baby friend
what else sounds buying your lunch going
good because I don't really buy it well
what about sec x stack time is always
good today we had applesauce for jar
Neapolis your Johnny Appleseed day today
yeah a few days ago now are you guys all
ready to see the cutest thing ever
you doesn't want to go to the dentist
well hey guys how you doing missed you
today
I just been around the house reading
this book raising men not boys I love it
really good book let's get to coming
today how about it it goes to Greenlee
Burke we'd love to hear you guys's
favorite parts of the vlog and this was
their favorite part and one of my
favorite parts of the whole New York
trip so I gotta read my favorite part of
today's video was Abram on the trucks I
was just so funny all of it didn't make
it but he was sitting there would not
enjoy the trucks and he just wanted to
ride the motorcycles they were just
hilarious I couldn't stop laughing about
all night I'm glad you'd like to have
part two dreaming all right well
tomorrow we are getting ready for
another trip I've ever already told you
guys we're going to San Fran how many of
you want to go see the fuller house set
or full house set those we grew up
watching it that's gonna be really cool
hopefully I'm going to get inside of it
so what we're doing in San Francisco is
Nia is participating in a challenge with
another YouTube family with a brand
alright guys be honest should I shave
the beard off topic completely but let's
leave a poll here should I cut the beard
trim it should I cut it all off
trim it or leave it the way it is and
get me a big bushy beard for this winter
all right guys we'll catch you love you
and remember to watch each other
and that you can't hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone but in this together
we can say
- Yeti
