are we gonna play together or are you
gonna play by yourself your mommy went
out with everyone today so it's Juliet
and Daddy time together good morning
guys want to see what I've been working
on for like the last I would say a total
of an hour between the last two days
it's a fall read for my door oh it looks
really see through when it's up against
the window I got some more little leaves
just like this from Walmart and I'm
gonna add those around she's gonna turn
basic and simple I like it I wanted
something fallish for my door yeah
you're gonna make some coffee you need
some coffee after this site huh what do
you know you gotta say please mama
please mama but do you want it you can
give it you want to cook with that yes
I've been teaching Juliet say please she
said it for the first time yesterday you
guys saw a while I tried to make you
guys see it happen but I've been
teaching her to say please and some when
she starts whining for something going
I'm pointing like that I will just say
okay say please mama she usually will
stop the whining but she doesn't always
say following everyone so guys guess who
sponsored us today yeah we rescue and
these fit your own bah everyone's hoping
for the chameleons Sydney what are you
hoping again you can take my other red
even where do I get Wow looks really
realistic there is three and what I
first wanted to get it
the tyre tooth tree chopping drunken
these are some we all need to operate
what'd you get what'd you get what'd you
get a rhino Oh
- there
nice big oh I like that those little
facts in each egg horn high speed
herbivore is that black rhinoceros 35
miles per hour it looks like it's
wearing makeup guys you didn't know that
even shake a swelling song on the
chocolate oh yeah everyone you've got
the chimpanzee
I like that chimpanzee here we can I
have this one yeah you can
awesome dude on to whoever you got a
word this one is it don't think so yeah
you can just feel it it's a lizard
well that completes our Yowie series
three unboxing everyday get the
wizarding on if you chameleon what
there's always more it comes out October
first million million maybe persons are
well symphonies gonna explain what this
posters all about right here like the
camera on that one
though big extinction and those ones
will be they'll be extinct eventually
and then there's these ones yeah not
that close but Oh what do we have to do
to prevent them from moving up on the
list now here means they're not even
close to being extinct and then what we
still have to be careful yeah and then
we can if we protect them a lot will you
go up so if we get these bears to make
more babies they'll eventually get off
of this list all together but if we
don't protect them they'll just keep
going up and eventually they'll be gone
there'll be no more of them yeah we
actually supports the Wildlife
Conservation Society and I think it's so
awesome that they bring awareness to
kids about extinction and the importance
of taking care of the world around us
take care of animals because we don't
take care of things you know the goals
right I just think this is a really
awesome educational toy and I'm happy
that this video thank you Yahweh good
morning guys it is so good to be back
home with this little baby and he's so
good last night she was crying went in
the room and the way she looked at me
when I was rocking her in the rocking
chair what it made me think of was me
coming back from the dead she was seen
as if she thought she's never gonna be
seeing me again that's what I saw in her
eyes of it hey like doing that from
alive here we are we're eating Kiwi
together
see there he weeks and those Kiwi just
like her dad dad the princess I mean the
princes are alone here today mommy went
on with a broom today so it's Juliet and
daddy time we're gonna catch up on a few
days that we missed together yeah see
she's gotta hug my knee sometimes - oh
you okay come outside because she got in
trouble with our mailman they stopped
delivering our mail because she barked
at him
what you guys think is in the box
was that fine got a hot date this
afternoon headed there now and gotta go
with a blank face are you guys ready to
see my day done sit it out Dumbo's
handsome guy in the world these cute
little chickies and cute little fingers
and tattoos the Lord okay buddy so we
have options for our date do you want to
go to Cici's Pizza or do you want to go
to bubble bubble yeah
you wanna go to bubble bubble Yankees
ends oh do you wanna play games with me
yeah you guys I haven't seen this little
guy in like a week a week ago today I
left for Sandy 30th birthday she gave in
I came home on Saturday night Abram was
in bed and then Sunday morning he got up
at like 6 a.m. to get on the plane I did
get up and dress him and give him some
snuggles but it only lasted for about 10
minutes so I really haven't got to spend
quality time with him and I've never
been away from him for this long my
heart just got so lonesome for him so
we're gonna go have a date and he chose
bubble bubble after you my good man
ah thank you are we gonna play together
or are you gonna play by yourself you're
in pain
you go got it she just sent our bubbles
or anybody air bubbles yeah we pushed
again you go Buster do wait Gingka by
Ginga sup Elijah lashes over he's
interrupting mine and Juliet's date but
it's cool cuz we like a pleasure
do you want a blue straw or a green
straw blue okay I'll take green even
look might have heart
do ya come here sweetie check out the
tiny violet okay you'll bite it cutie
like you just don't like this just like
your Cheers
- mummy in a room thi this just a box
that's trash no it doesn't know her she
chopped it back in the box
so buddy
press the button dad put it back in the
box I want it in the box
it's a her little home favorite let me
teach you look look at all your black
ones you see any that could be four in a
row one two three do you see where you
could go so that you can win this time
try again look one two three I'm gonna
walk myself didn't block yourself oh man
you're you're a ruthless at this game
buddy panelling win you my favorite
friend
we shouldn't have favorite friends funny
is it the teacher baby to have a
favorite friend
okay guys April just gave me some really
sad news tell the viewers where you're
gonna go when you're grown up I'm gonna
learn a lesson to you but I won't be to
see you every day I mean looking those
light textures every day oh that sounds
really good now we are gonna run into
Big Lots which is right here
we need trash bags because we are gonna
go through Abraham's hideout under his
bed and his toy ball and we're gonna get
rid of the things he doesn't want
anymore and give them to little kids
good plan good please guys check it out
y'all recognize that blanket anybody
anybody at all recognize that blanket if
you recognize up like it put it in the
comments below family included if any of
your family out there or watching it you
recognize that blanket I want to know in
the comments below and then I'll tell
you guys tomorrow what it's from and why
I'm so excited to find it let's go find
some trash bags our date is coming to an
end one thing I like is I like to learn
something new about daddy went up on a
date okay from tell mommy your favorite
number
oh do you know what my favorite number
is yeah
what's my favorite number okay no not
seven sick not sick mommy's favorite
number is nine nine so your favorite
numbers for and my favorite numbers nine
and now we know something new about each
other can we get it when you raise
somebody you're gonna kick their butt
yeah everyone's gonna race these guys go
very possibly a room can I try I think
so oh thanks a lot
advisor your mom's home
I had imagined Elliot with me on Caracas
having snacks and toys for her in here
but I'll just cover in the trailer here
are toys
oh my gosh you guys I want to do it I
felt you scared to do it oh my god
Wow Sam's really got it down maybe I
could ride with her after all I don't
know first I'm on a bike
we'll see you guys tomorrow I'm gonna go
enjoy my tea finish my wreath I'll show
you guys all that tomorrow did anybody
happen to guess what the blanket was
from if you did leave a comment down
below I still want to know if you guys
remember I'll let you guys all know
tomorrow what it's problem it's nothing
big not huge deal but it's just funny to
me and I'm curious how many of you have
been watching long enough I want to
remember that so we will see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other when you
can't make it on your own
okay guys I've been waiting for days no
no no stop dang it I had the camera
sorry
