we gonna fit we're gonna pay
in this together
everybody's ever
Andrew
good morning guys I'm back home with my
girls my boys are headed to New York
good morning beautiful baby turn around
let's see your hair mom has been
practicing those bright oh yeah oh yeah
mama got that right symphony what do you
have a birthday present in your hand
because on Friday Liz Leah's birthday
but we do know I told daddy and Nana
about it but it's simply too good to go
sorry baby Sandy's birthday was the same
weekend us Leah oh you're so kid two
again oh I'm so proud of my girls you
had a really big girl attitude about it
and in case you guys didn't notice my
girls are matching head yes in case you
were wondering I did sleep in my braids
from yesterday and so that I just so I
could wear them to church today so now
we got braids together Suzie morning
morning doll thank you for helping with
the kids on weekends - basic welcome to
New York City with uncle juju mr. Avram
and him there so people go to the Toy
Fair again but mostly we're here for
uncle due to because he's never been in
New York City for us it's kind of old
York City because we've been so many
times
I tricked a mite so we're going to
Kentucky but we're actually New York
sunny I looked at brother sets a new
Kentucky Network
is there anything to do a chicken farm
we're gonna take a taxi right now to our
hotel we got a hotel looks really
interesting I've always wanted to stay
at it because you check the fame and
everything it's all like so oh there's a
robot that takes your luggage right here
really yeah swear yeah no way that's
what I heard that's I read on this I
appreciate it New York City
I knew you're home from church hey she
was jumping so big when she's on me
goodness look at that big girl and I
need your banking the good sissy oh she
loves Bobby's balloon
tell mark tommnow symphonies reading
tamami a continent is a large land mass
on earth earth has seven continents they
are Asia Africa ear root Europe IRRI
North America South America Australia
and Antarctica - you pearl reader you
just read that whole paragraph all by
yourself except for Europe and you still
said it pretty much exactly though yours
of us say it give me five
I am so proud of symphony her
instructions say to explain this on her
math homework so why do you have that
sign on that one because say there 79
uh-huh
to the other seventeen oh yes that makes
it equals write numbers in their brain
to make up their own so what does that
mean what kind of numbers you have to
choose so on this side there and put
these here for me so I'm enough to put a
big number on the side and a little
number on this oh and the big number on
that side and we remember on that
okay view of your know there's a mind
that you want to
oh not quite dark stick here we go ooh
you got really big on that 199 girl
you're tricky give me five that's good
baby
so this is where you zero those fans
that place guys it's kind of hippy and
ER fits right in
fashion show guys a hot tub guys too bad
so to keep saying Ben's right this is
really weird
maybe I misread it yeah that's what they
call James probably just as big as the
king cool kind of twit they got in here
it's not around one dancer yeah it's
oblong what's a little thing back there
Wow oh that's can't they're quite close
love it this is cool though Hawk was
pretty cool
they want to talk to her
everyone's telling us to be quiet guys
try to be quiet I'm trying to call mommy
to tell her I miss her
this is a cool hotel and now I'm allowed
to call it go tell because it's like yo
Dawg what's up I'm not to go tell but
you know it's cool in here and I'm cool
so I say yo know what I mean he's gonna
be down low feel hot so I notice you but
why don't we ever get a hot tub it's how
to find hot tub yeah you know I didn't
come right up right outside our hotel
room and just got a football on already
I'm gonna play miles from the stadium
really yeah oh yeah there's discipline
it's just for watching
you guys will not believe where we're
headed
I'm where we're headed and drove through
no more New York City here we come we're
headed towards the subway I want to take
the subway all the way to Coney Island
there's a sideshow going on there I've
never been to one so I'll be exciting
ladies putting swords down their throats
and stuff like that Mommy and Juliet
cookie we are making Easter egg soup you
go Juliet have a bite no no no can I
have a bite please thank you will give
to see you bye yummy Easter eggs ooh I
just did so much homework with Symphony
Juliet but for the most part very
patient and independent while I did all
that homework with her sides until
Symphony it's time to circle some things
in her little flyer that they sent home
with all the book advertisements on it
she likes a circle home and she gets 100
on her spelling just this week I will
get her a new book but while she's doing
that I'm gonna play down here and cook
like Julia I love to like pretend to
play she's gone it's so cute and she's
feeding us and stirring and cooking it
so sweet
this is so exciting guys I love this
type of environment it's just so like
earlier for summoning Angeles New York
my agents in it the whole time right
there it's really cool we're in a
different part than I'm used to be so
feel really
we got some Amish guys we got
rollercoaster we got sugar
we got RK I know what it is about this
place that I really like it feels like
California and New York mixed in one
where you got that real dirty urban you
smell the beach and then you see the New
York signs Coney Island it's really fun
welcome to the boardwalk buddy see the
walk is made of pork come on let's go
it's also the lighting out here the
lighting is really beautiful too perfect
time of day to be out here reading and
Nathan's Famous
now in true fashion mommy and symfony
are going to bake on the very first day
that's right it's only day one of our
girl time all the boys are in New York
but we've already done new we have done
homework we've read stories and books
galore and now we gonna bake we're gonna
bake bake we're gonna bake bake it up
I'll bake it off pick it up
keep stirring cracking eggs and stern
it's like I've got this feeling in the
months and it's gonna taste all right we
should be parody writers it just comes
to us
okay it's time to put the marble
snickerdoodle cookies in going to see
little people like crazy people
people are hey ladies that put swords in
their mouth I know it's nothing you saw
the bar out there in the lobby that is
the Freak bar you're gonna get drinks
read them on in and enjoy the show at
your leisure just remember treating
responsibly
would you think of a sideshow anthro
really creepy I'm gonna take it the
sword down the throat made me gag here
time she did it out of look away over
did you like the sideshow
you're ready buddy
instead of having one for our motorcycle
ever been on
oh my god clearly we drop a little bit
can't see me being in front of you
get to the home enough to the town take
over chase
you're wearing sometimes you got it five
which one you live we're drinking wrong
which one which one
all right good job
ager one you apprised 21 you know God
hey there done guys look how cute they
look
right Symphony it's the moment of truth
how do these taste taste once on my hand
on the count of three one two three
good icon Klaus best cookie I've ever
made honestly I'm really bad at making
cookies that's why I always do brownies
boys have made it back to yo tell
everyone say good night to the fam basic
buddy
you've watching daddy day care I showed
it to the other day I wanted to watch
something we both could've joined so I
turned it on I think you enjoyed this
much but he just requested to watch it
again daddy day care never watches
real-life movies we just had our bath
Avery were not bathed together than that
huge hot tub / bath tub I sure where it
is because you fill it up yourself and
drain it it's outside anyway let's get
the comment of the day coming to the day
goes to our crafty chaotic life she
commented this on the emoji pool video
Sam never did I ever link that a video
of a pool being painted to an emoji
could bring me to tears however it sure
did just a message that I have taken
away from this video hello everyone and
be good to everyone is so powerful thank
you say and she John 3:16 is my favorite
verse Thank You Samuel email god bless
thanks a lot crystal it's awesome see
all the comments how much you guys love
the video but the whole lot of time on
that obviously yes could tell but I
really enjoyed it I love doing and like
one of the biggest things for me when I
was completed was that I was done with
it and there was nothing else to do when
I posted it I was it was like a
bittersweet moment when I posted the
video cuz I got to show you guys I
finally completed this huge project it
got to the end of it it all worked out
according to plan but it's also sad
because I was done with this project
that I was having so fun doing something
look forward to day after day I have
another project in mind coming up
something related to Halloween I think
will be fun and different we'll catch
you guys tomorrow we're gonna go hang
out Central Park and do some things and
hang out and show Andrew some more of
New York City don't forget guys we love
you and remember to love each other I'll
be the hand that you can hold when you
can't make it on you
I promise you and not alone but in this
together
we've had New York's Megan's were eating
in shoe
