you guys are not gonna believe this
together good morning guys we're packing
up the hotel take down all our
decorations and sandy you lucky little
duck you got all the decorations for
first time around
so this is our kid I'm taking the kid
some cake and it got really smushed but
that's okay and here's our cake topper
as you guys saw at the end of the vlog
last night we nearly just like burned
everything up but we are gonna keep it
each year and it's gonna become more and
more faded as time goes on there are six
of us and it's gonna be so cool once
we've all turned 30 photos Andy
oh you're 30 you guys are not gonna
believe this you just went to get coffee
at the Fairmont we're just getting
coffee just getting coffee good you know
maybe go have some lunch and we pull up
and there's style con going on Kathryn
good et lo is that sack on Laurie I saw
that on Instagram today and so we love
Bachelor people but that's not the only
thing so we're in there and we're like
let's just go this was like a ticket to
incident five we're going to style corn
right now we are literally gonna walk
across this street right here and go
into style
they're gonna do your makeup for you oh
really yeah er girl the most mundane iya
thing I've done in a really long time
especially with this group of people you
always have plans we know what we're
doing this is crazy
I found Barbie so disclaimer we just
left the hotel thinking like we're gonna
go chill back here no idea we were
coming like screeching about Katherine
Wow silly
Lauren the girl that we just ran into
you should be an influence over we're
just totally like last-minute sow and
this is nuts I've got to tone it down
just
I've always wanted these girls just gave
us a really good goodie bag last-minute
walk in that's all we get I have so many
cute outfits I've worn today when I'm
wearing this outfit multi we're gonna
sit in those chairs and get pampered up
before we go meet Catherine Lowe
not too much no no just go over to the
grass
back
is basketball just a little bit Oh your
stuff
alright bye go straight
look at their a long wait I don't know
who's speaking a theremin it's a panel
of youtubers you guys hi love them guys
in the longer one thing I did not
satisfy an itinerary per Sadie's
birthday was paper in here and makeup we
did the nails that was sort of thing
maybe should only had a big group of
girls we had to like divide up who was
paying for one this matter we just
became a lot and we didn't we ran out of
time this is literally the perfect way
to go
this is my makeup artist what's your
name Riley bright I always want to have
twins
and then tomorrow we'll be back to
regular old
there's over here here happened from The
Bachelor with Sean mo season there she
is
oh my goodness gracious we are like
ginormous embarrassing where you like
possess monocular my heart is beating so
bad surreal we just had a good little
combo
what is your name already got watermelon
agave in chocolate no goodness
Oh one or melon agave I heard that
remember just be true I'm gonna do the
coffee one oh that was so much fun you
girls that would be Ben little thing we
could have added to this week is we're
gonna go in we're going to a place that
Sadie I could tell she wanted to go here
yesterday but she never speaks up that
scare someone because I'm not whatever
my friends want they love me so much
we'll do whatever you want to do oh yeah
we're gonna have some melting part
cheese and meat if deniz so cool because
he need never been your report and so
the first time you experience is like
Wow
okay
that was delicious it was so good
she's favorite food away to something
she said she was really sweet give it to
her she's so sweet
my makeup is driving me crazy it is what
has been the best birthday weekend ever
right morning thank you for helping
decorating everyone really sound leaving
the hotel but today it's gone on and on
and on mm oh no who knows what we'll see
next we might see like something shiny
on the side of the road and we decided
we need to stop and look at it that's
how today's bond see really it's like oh
oh beautycon catch our eye over there
nothing anyways we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other I'll be the
hand that you can hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone but in this together
so it's just like the best week every
picture all right like Lauren getting
the picture right here right here
I have strands together she's over here
like
