super nervous about I've been working or
at least the past month are you gonna do
it oh my gosh we do it together
good morning ladies driving because well
I'm a really bad driver everybody knows
that so needs they need to have that
stress on her birthday we should be a do
you feel all yet yes but I feel very
thankful my friends I could have my
morning crying this is our shark for the
weekend it is so here it's big three oh
yeah we played some really fun 30 games
last night we got to know each other
even better if that's even possible a
girl
can you love Hippocratic in the morning
it is the local radio show do you know
this is Las Colinas I want to come here
this is gorgeous
seriously looks just like San Antonio
she's so excited over here oh you can't
even see in the window so there is Jenna
and where's Jesse you got really right
there he is
here's Kelly I see her eyelashes there's
Kelly right there Kelly raspberry her
eyelashes like beautiful wears her
wedding rings there it is look at that
wrong this is the worst shot ever I'm
really sorry everyone good there she is
there's the TV screen Oh nervous over
here yeah all over I mean you know
Dallas area ish I'll get a picture can
we get a group picture right because I
see I have to make eye contact with them
a lot and I got it outside the door
screaming at me doing wow that's great
Lin Jenner is the warm of the white hat
and train that's trip that's engineered
on that summer foam fill out the chute
explain
how long have you been listening to the
show oh my gosh like 20 years I don't
know 15 years let's just say 30 years oh
man you had a bomb calm when you're
going into the studio kid product in the
morning in she's like you know what
y'all got 60 seconds come on hi lazy oh
you guys are so cute crowded in the
hallway right there that's so cute I
love it we got the tour here
that's okay we'll see him tonight we're
going to love it
we just found a massive part well my
mom's at the doctor appointment we
didn't play here
we will samp it's so cool there's a
dinosaur and I sorta cool playground
well Juliet plays in the sand we're
gonna play on the zipline I want a fan
to the beat to the HSI suit how are you
guys doing today we're hanging out at
the playground while my mom goes to
marry dr. pointman next we have another
appointment so it's just me and the kids
today Nia is out tiffany has never been
on a zipline before we're gonna do this
you just sit on you sit on it yeah I'll
hold it ever you ready watch your sissy
don't try
I don't want to do it again
just then do it guys are gonna do it
oh my gosh shouldn't do it it's an
elevator it comes up you stand in it
takes you up so you just taking them up
so no they're do they have to climb so
they found a real elevator
I just you can do it
grab the ropes now grab the Rope say no
grab the ropes
you did it these metal slicer
that's hot wheel we gonna stop there's a
rock climbing wall here a rope climbing
wall yeah I can't imagine having this
kind of thing as a kid this is like a
dream come true
I wonder how kids are gonna be
differently than our generation because
we didn't grow up with parks like this
it's probably make a big difference in
their exploration side of their
personality okay now I'm on the hunt for
Juliet what's cool about this park
everything it's so safe it's all plastic
no splinters the ground is all really
padded and really you can't like fall
off anything
we're headed to the pool now and this
hotel is so like mesmerized it's hard to
see everything in the screen but there's
just nowhere you guys don't recall this
is where we spent Labor Day so we are
back to celebrate big three-o
we're doing flash glitter tattoos now
Sandy's about to get her birthday tattoo
on the pool was amazing I mean it was
like so get out there the weather was
perfect the water was perfect give and
tap and get tabs all in the same moment
okay yeah talent
we are now as tonight er plaza we were
trying to go to creme de la cookie but
the nancy shake maker was not shaking
her maker today so we are gonna go maybe
grab some snacks and get her nails done
you know us we always got to pay for our
nails and our feet to get sandy leading
the way in front of you this place is
really cute how did you know of this
place Katie
so sorry sorry we're late we're having
too much fun we were at such an awesome
part playground you're home now getting
the kids down further nap look at
Juliet's feet do it what do you do to
your feet dirty feet she took a little
nap in the car some and I'm concerned
that she's not gonna sleep right now she
woke up about 20 minutes ago I'm gonna
clean her feet she's got some warm milk
hopefully she'll take her regular nap
good night sissy so far so good now I'm
gonna go get the emoji video up I'm
super nervous about it I've been working
on that emoji video or at least the past
month because of how many times I got
rained out and how many times I messed
up and I just start the yellow over at
one point it was bad and I had to get
the rubber the rubber headed tryout to
do three coats of that rubber in order
to get it to glow the way day by day
yeah little post-it for you guys I'm
excited let's hear what you guys have to
say man that was a huge huge project
biggest project I've ever done for sure
alright wait
doing comfortable yeah we're gonna go is
the weekend so far gosh isn't we to eat
have you guys been amazing it's been
amazing and I don't even know other
words to describe it besides amazing
thankfully my friends are so maybe I'm
Way back here with Lauren flora mare me
over here what was that one but I spent
my toe on the bed oh my toe from the
rock it's still really sore like I have
to tell them you can play with it too
you guys are never gonna believe my
color is so unlike me I give you another
birthday weekend
I'm got the giggles so bad Lauren is
killing me over here we're gonna get to
move closer to Sandy and think I was
like down because it was like you were
saying like let's get off the girl there
he's like telling her like come on let's
go move it wait a minute
Oh chill a second she just told us that
takes someone before good kids - it's
hilarious you guys have a thing no no
it's really just like skin into shape
but tell me it's so thin and so hard
it's so gross are you guys about to make
it public Save Changes
it's public oh wow oh well that video is
now public I'm gonna go watch on the TV
all right guys I'm kind of spoiling the
kids today you see that right there on
the porch well sometimes I browse Amazon
and I saw this and I always bought
myself things sometimes really big nice
things like random just boards and stuff
like that and so I saw this power wheel
not that is so awesome and I debated
getting it for the kids
debated by them both one shot by them
one I don't know what I wasn't sure what
I was gonna do but you know I didn't buy
it the next day I saw it steal my cart I
was like you know what I'm just gonna go
for it about the kids of power wheel but
the surprise a little bit guys can you
come outside please check out what is
this guys can you open it up
interesting it's a power wheel it's a
unique kind it's like an off-road power
wheel and you steer it with these little
levers here I got it for you guys to
share where I'm back you're headed out
the big out maxing us some karaoke eat
us some wood fire pizza
Toto's dude Lauren just parallel parked
my car flawless we're walking up to Big
Al's mechanic Avenue tavern aka the mat
apparently there's a boring soccer game
and how we got to get some game changes
up in here
well worth celebrating it we know your
heart happy birthday saying we love you
what we love you you are the best friend
ever
yeah oh just kidding did someone bring
with you huh I will kiss you on the just
love your butt hurts out we will see you
guys are don't forget we love you we
love sandy love each other
I'll be the hand that you can hold when
you can't make it on your own I promise
you and not alone but in this together
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you fire it's like
