what's up guys guess where I'm going
guys look at this this is so cool do you
want the fish thinkin late ok I was
feeling frustrated that's a nice on
lauren and now not girl are you ready
yet it's done it here we are gonna go a
party and everything these big 300 blew
it they're like on a mission they're
leaving us so my I got this are you
Annie
we're coming
walking the stairwell
well I would say that was pretty good
news right my other questions yeah she's
still going to get her heart shape and
everything which is good but I think
it's just our thyroid hormones I'm sure
as a to high doses we'll just saying
anyway we're off to the house now and
today we're just doing a hangout my
mom's staying the night with us
somebody's on the phone so I gotta go
everybody sees me walking into a room
school this came in like what is that
guy good when he doesn't belong you with
that I'm just going to spy on my kid
what do you know I'm dude did you say
hold on we're at school go get it
oh you left it yesterday okay well
that's good news you got a bet okay I
got pretty too guys look at this is this
so cool it's like you don't walk down
hallways you walk on like this indoor
outskirts of the room everywhere is it
23 and 22 which one should we go in
three whiskeys
and your wallet okay here we go here we
go here we go the moment of truth I
still don't have my cell phone so the
person who runs this gig over here stops
me on my way we go it's late I have a
message for you you have to go pick up
three gift bags from CVS before you come
home so we're going to CVS but for some
gift bags you ready I said we bring this
home to mommy instead I thought that was
a mask it's like a fake jack-o'-lantern
oh but it look you got to get it from
him though you gotta get it Tom thank
you
check out these skeletons just Kilson
for all day and it's creepy you want it
do you want the fish like evil bird like
oh that's really creepy all right she
wants three sparkly bags
this is sparkly Congrats this is sparkly
too
this one that's sparkly all right let's
go I told everyone have to ask me for
anything in store in his way around it
was daddy do you want to get me this
cereal you clever guy fine use me check
it out guys
oh my goodness it's a big three-o
oh you guys look at this it's this hey
xxx backdrop or what gang girl no that
looks really good I like it this is
Casey have you been on our vlog before
at the reunion
it has Burton Lee we went to high school
together this is Casey she's amazing and
she just got to the pop hey and so I'm
gonna walk in and see what it's like
here
whoa we don't party like it's Andy's
birthday
symphonie have piano lessons today for
the first time this year that go
symphony did you learn anything just
learning new note songs chords you
learned about staff the staff where the
the notes go that's raw the notes go
right
do I have to barricade through another
nose
let me remake this insurance again I
start 180
come in first make a walkway Oh No
Lauren really outdid herself on the
party food for tonight
what is to us Taylor is dead
let me just tell the story so I'm having
my thing this long to Sandy because
she's so many things did you ever know
that you're my I was gonna karaoke that
to her at surprise tomorrow actually
guessed it one pair of pants later guys
the security camera crashed our party
they were like if you don't be quiet
we're gonna have to ask you all to leave
we're literally just sitting around here
laughing and talking and so the rest of
that we're all like Shh
or like if we went you're just more like
if we got out to dance it's like don't
move your feet
nobody move your feet just dance like
this guys let's just it robot it up when
the community came up here and we were
like don't stomp your feet don't laugh
but anyways it's 1 o'clock in the
morning now and we are gonna hit the hay
because we got an early morning tomorrow
girl we're gonna go to the Kidd Kraddick
in the morning show you have any like
clever clues or anything so they would
know where to talk about clever clues no
just never Clues
well that batteries battery chargers in
my car JC Kelly
Big Al Jenna you know Kidd Kraddick and
fleur-de-lis care that's what I was
talking about with the clues and like I
would know clipper clue can you kind of
in the morning could you look close you
guys there don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other and tell me
how your birthday in the comments below
and tell her everything you love about
her ok I'll be the hand that you can
hold when you can't make it on
I promise you and not alone puttin this
together
and we can't say
just beep do those belong to your feet
they are like you said nobody
