is there a fire Sabine mom in this
together
good morning Blaine what's going on over
there is there a fire Sabine
come on let's go let's go morning guys
our neighborhood is seeing a little bit
of action this morning a little bit of
excitement here on so-and-so Drive hope
everybody's okay though I think so I
think there's just a little fire it's
funny how like all of the fire trucks
arrived that's what happens in a small
town though they don't see very many
fires so everybody just arrives
oh look Avery was wearing his fire
strips today yeah mommy's proud of
Symphony's it is really cute on her I
love her hair like that you have
mountains on your eyebrows
I'm sorry you got daddy's eyebrows for
Stephanie she got my eyebrows she's back
there complaining her bottle they look
great somebody say something about them
at school
well I think they look like strawberry
Hills
beautiful strawberry Hills beautiful sir
bails
hey guys how are y'all today this day
really got away from me and it's time
for me to go pick up Abram from school
already how was your day little guy good
good good
your Fox cookie tasting all right good
guess what we're about to go do work
that's right we're gonna go get your
haircut first time I was a four-year-old
oh yeah you think we should do something
different I don't know let's try
something new for four
oh thank you buddy Zoey Google where
your old little boy haircuts and Abram
was very specific that he wanted the
awesomer cuts so like I showed him that
one and I was like oh I like that money
let's do it he said no and then I showed
him this one he was like yes that's the
awesomer one so I'm gonna show the
hairstylist I'm really not sure if his
hair is long enough on top to do this
hey buddy she said your hair might not
be long enough for that awesomer look we
may have to just trim up the sides and
go from there okay look at the curtain
she got can you see which one it is yet
see fish that's all of them
because he had like a specific style
he's so cute I'm like stylish for a
little boy he's some little to have his
own little style but it's just too long
on the top and when it's down in his
face it looks very messy and I just see
then the angel really likes to play you
know I'd like to sit still and get his
hair done in the mornings and that maybe
I should go a little shorter with it
that's what see him and I talked about
though Sam's not here and so I'm kind of
like okay I either go with what daddy
wants for little guys here all right
little guy will sweep his hair I don't
have much of an opinion I think he likes
adorable even you know I'm a bit messy I
just know that it doesn't look very well
taken care of so Mike please no it
should be daddy so I'm gonna go a little
shorter on the top but still do this
over to the side style so that Abram
Saul got that cool look when are mean
good job little guys having a hard time
being still over here
no my baby my cool I was at your
microphone that's a pretty clever idea
Bobby is it awesomer Wow I'm glad you
like it
give me five you did pretty good job
being a statue
I mean accessories weight bowling ball
and kick their feet you guys did so good
good job buddy whoa but I'm loving it
you like it the wind is messing it up
hey guys now we're at Symphony school
she's doing after school piano let's go
see how she's doing
and they're going have this weird angle
because I'm not allowed to show school
on earth look oh and I'm supposed to
color while Cece does piano well major
flippin mom failed piano is not on
Tuesdays oh did I forget the piano isn't
on Tuesdays I sent her to piano on the
I tell y'all what sometimes I just ain't
all that perfect of this mom job
well it's your lucky day how does the
fox taste
yum yum yum yummy okay let's go home now
like 40 minutes later because we were
waiting it out for piano to be over I
thought I was gonna walk into class and
see her like learning and playing piano
but inside she was drawing on a little
white board right Symphony ready to jam
with me
welcome home wait I gotta get Juliet out
one of Symphony's classmates brought
Abram a birthday present he's gonna be
so excited Abram is from shy shy shy you
brought you a present
you wanted a watch what kind of watch is
it dragon - wow oh my goodness bubby and
she got you Hot Wheels what do you say
Bobby say thank you shy shy thank you
stay safe lies is over and the boys are
racing with Abrams new game that he got
for his birthday you guys are so smart
you guys set it up and figured out how
to get it to go on the devices and
everything we're done who won oh good
job little dude okay buddy now we're
gonna do some writing can you touch the
ball for the moon sound or on this side
of the page we're gonna find the
immunity sound there you go okay we're
gonna be rhyming with it first we're
gonna rhyme with E so you start at the
ball and you go mmm well they do that
I'm gonna make myself a sandwich cheat
Jim my guys remember
this is a rush first time to do three in
a row and I'm supposed to say at first
but I want to see like what he's learned
if he gets this without my help this is
his first official word to read all by
himself kay so remember you stop at each
ball when you do the sounds so give it a
try
start at the first ball what what is
that what is it yes oh my goodness first
time to sound out all three points
without me demonstrating it first that's
really good
hard sandwiches it's good
yeah Mickey T's okay it's very first
time okay you're getting a little bit
off the line though so let's come back
down
see how mommies are on the line so we're
gonna go down to the moon the restaurant
pen work don't go downtown line job can
you go to the line now right the whole
line you guys gotta listen to her crunch
on apples oh you see hey guys watch this
Avery got a new little ramp kit or jump
kit in the mail today and he's like it's
been racing on this new track I've heard
birthday all day long okay what do you
want to watch the rest
well Charlie oh can I just give me wet
before the wrath time
well I need
ready for your bath time everyone take a
shower but put it on your head I'll grab
you the shampoo not that one the shower
one there you go shower off real good
alright your baby sister Mike I can
still hear me alright I can hear you
alright alright actually I really do not
like the Mike on this camera everything
else about it's pretty cool I don't know
but footage is kind of questionable what
do you guys think you know I just can't
believe I actually have a mic coming in
the mail so I can put on top of it and
get better sound because the sound here
slight goes back and forth it's really
strange well now and I'm cooking dinner
you guys know my friend Sarah who sells
the headbands that I wear a lot it's her
birthday week and we're having lo girls
dinner tonight so I am preparing dinner
for my family because I won't be back in
time to bring them home food so here is
what I'm whipping up I'm doing ground
turkey with chili powder salt cumin or
cumin how we say it garlic powder onion
powder nacho cheese salsa black olives
and onions and of course chips the kids
are having nachos antium I try to do fun
stuff kind of when I am going out for
dinner and family saying I like pizza
tonight nachos typically I order pizza
but I just feel guilty about ordering
pizza every time I leave the house from
time I leave you know for the evening
and so I just I know this isn't really
much healthier actually the turkey meat
is pretty healthy so anyways that was my
thought process tonight well getting
dinner ready oh yeah that's what I'm
talking about
it looks pretty delicious my do say so
myself this is where we're having dinner
I've never had sushi before in my life
we are at this
so she restaurant for Sara only for you
nervous am I going to raw fish breathing
I wasn't here Jen is here and we're
waiting on show here is right now I was
also like a good 20 minutes late she's
here how many was that forty forty
minutes like this is absolutely tuna
this is what I got a yummy roll I got
the cutest food my pineapple fried rice
is in a pineapple is so cute it's the
moment of truth for d'Arabian sushi for
the beach just like when I look through
them get the expression and face over
the table we think Yes No maybe so
we haven't do sushi lover people
so she'll cousin is visiting from
Florida to escape hurricane Irma and
they're here and they watch salmon Nia
so we have the same basic here really
not really look at this just in family I
feel like that cuz we live it up there's
so much and this is hey what's your name
Sophia and she brought Abram a prison
well they all did but Sophia presented
it so sweetly this is David and Alex hey
guys thank you all for just come in to
say hi and and you know watching our
family it's really sweet I mean don't
move oh yeah
comment down below okay we're gonna let
some of you guys in the vlog today in
person here we go here we go Lily I'll
be the hand that you can't hold when you
can't make it on your own I promise you
and not alone
but in this together
we can't say
as you're sure backwards what
well it's not the gel
