but this year we try out something new
in this together
what you ate for and B and Abram you
catch it Zimmer oh thank you did you see
that frame over there by the couch he's
getting too big Shawn Levy requested
thanks for saying our house is never
waking up on your kid's birthday morning
is like come out Christmas like once I'm
off I can't go back to sleep I've just
been up checking a laundromat asleep he
was awake since probably like 6:00 a.m.
and this is not seven but I usually get
up around 6:30 anyways but still it's
requested cookie cutter eggs for
breakfast
our last picture he came with curl now
he doesn't have anything
I cried so hard on that day I know you
he said I'm for now I know Aaron a
Sookie come on my for you Bob oh look
who's here
we gotta go get em buddy where are you
okay
look what's waiting for you right here
whoa what does that say Oh girls shoes I
mean this is my man's shirt they're so
cute it's right here Wow those the pants
the pants too he's open the big one he's
opening the big one Wow
yeah
Hey almost magnetic flashlight it picks
up metal and you get birthdays fingers
too buddy you're so cute you guys so
this year we tried out something new
that I think we're gonna do and probably
like forever for the rest of our kids
lives we did want need where we you're
supposed to do one thing you want one
thing you need one thing you can wear
one thing you can read clearly we saw
how he reacted to the read but he did
get two things that he wanted one was
they're so small it was the spider-man
hot wheel they say I'm got I'm the
racetrack - so we kind of cheated on it
this year but it's our first time even
trying it out we usually just go ham on
everything and get them whatever they
want and that is just not how we want to
raise our babies I think they can have
anything and everything they want Plus
this he got him something he wanted to
so he got three little toys well if
they're gonna bring toys and then Danny
about birthday shoots someone just be
nosey
what's not a commotion Oh Bobbi she
waved at you
every guess well switches you a very
happy birthday
who else is wishing you happy birthday
beautiful the viewers the fam basic wish
you a very happy birthday good morning
guys we were getting ready to go pick
out birthday cupcake birthday Aaron's
but first we need tattoo we need hot
wheels tattoos these are part of his
party favor Baxter's birthday party this
evening yeah and which one do you want
it's green yellow you want the number he
wants the 86 ready go get cupcakes baby
already open his presents and fYI we're
matching head to toe Abram keeps telling
me that they threw away his three while
he was sleeping and put the horn his
tongue he just he keeps saying that what
do you mean by that Bubbe who threw away
a three for you
what workers catch in my tongue you have
workers in your tummy and absolutely
are you serious you have workers in your
tummy that change it on your birthday
so what did they do for you last night
while you were sleeping rolling away
they threw away your three and then what
did they put in your tummy so I put a
four in your tummy Wow
it's not nothing cutest analogy ever
heard in your life that was the cutest
little thing you got hates oh my gosh
get out of the car you goose he told me
he wanted spider-man to open his door
for him and he didn't get out don't get
those cookies he knows I do not like
taking this buggy when it's just him
it's my birthday so we're gonna do it
all right bud we'll take this buggy are
you ready to go check out those cakes I
don't see very many plain ones so we may
have to get dance we could take the
Rings off and put Hot Wheels rings on
them I like orange that matches hot
wheels really nice
oh wow you are strong good job of g5
okay let's go grab some socks you today
so I was getting all those cupcakes and
the bakers like hey I can make you some
24 counts so that you don't have to get
all these 12 counts it's cheaper and
I'll have to take all the rings off so I
got all the Hot Wheels colors we got
blue yellow orange red and green so now
we need to pick out some socks able to
speak have grown and half of the socks I
have donated to Cade
you want Captain America and spider-man
so you don't want Mario
don't you want spider-man and Mario is
that what you want yeah are you sure yes
you don't like captain they do kind of
match so no captain's we're gonna put
those back and no more minions we're
gonna put those back right all right
she told you you got to get your
birthday spankings oh it's not a real
spankings just kidding it's either a
high-five like this or it's a hug thank
you thank you so much he's making party
favors for all the boys and girls we're
gonna come see a room turn four that's
right cutting out tattoos individually
and look at this rule my friend Meghan
made these it's like a trading card to
go in there and let us run with
endurance the race that is set before us
looking unto Jesus Hebrews 12:1 be to
cool I've got little colour cards either
gonna go in there and they each get
their own real Hot Wheels
took your gasps wait
got the birthday boys favorite lunch
we're having you know butter jelly in
the shape of a or do you like it thank
you
cheese cubes oranges and grapes do you
like it - hey guys the birthday boys
nothing and I just finished packaging up
all of hey party favors
I thought the cupcakes kind of buried
down there and then sign cups some
plates are right there and we're good to
go just one box that's all I need and
all my people assuming it is for these
ready our hair fixed aren't you like
something burnt shoes on there's a
massive change of shirt Sam needs to
change his clothes okay good are you but
I saw the book I bought it it was your
life all right your shirts a little bit
being raised here and even ran out to go
greet her Nana's here - are you feeling
good it's good to be here glad to have
you here
you're better half is driving better
half
sunrise the cars guys this is aware of
the adults get to show off the skills
he's going down buddy those bow
all right buddy go we're in the front
the world
boy
this party boy so good you guys don't
like party host they take care of
everything so relax enjoy the party
that's what the party was called
you're on the move
okay
enjoying the leftover pizza nice
you got the grown-up pizza mixed with
the kid pizza yeah
- winning the game
he's doing really good
we ran in the night without any is a
children like an ice cream for the
birthday boy and I think they're gonna
give him a special little note inside
you cut beers for a buddy bear nice what
a perfect way to end this busy day full
of birthday festivities it's so
beautiful outside it feels amazing the
blog with happy birthday to my son
my oldest and my youngest son I love you
son
happy birthday happy birthday bro I'm
going to end it by giving my cheers to
my bubby the cute little guy who stole
my heart I never knew that my heart
could be stolen by another man other
than his daddy but it happened okay and
I'm so lucky I get to be the mommy and
the the only or I guess not the only but
the first woman that he loves although
EJ has given me a run for my money I can
share them with his aunts just just no
girlfriends anyways we'll see you guys
tomorrow thank you for joining us on a
special day to celebrate our little guy
we love him so much
I remember I'll be the hand that you
can't hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not alone but
in this together
no it's my underwear underwear
so let's I know it
