nice bus she says it she just won't say
it on the vlog
let's go touch the school bus in this
together
what up painted the bees off to take
city new school she is having a test
today and she is trying very hard to get
a weight well we're gonna go on a date
either way how about our spell our nice
have a there no yeah too fast when
you're taking the test okay
double-check and triple-check that's how
you get a hundred buddy kit are you
praying for you okay
look at every school shirt today say
good morning class
good morning come on out man yes we're
gonna miss you man but we have fun after
school your aunts and uncles are coming
over
guys look at this baby she's huge you
need a big girl car seat I think we
should go to Target after our lunch day
and go get you a big girl car seat
Juliet is 15 months old going on 16
months old and I feel like it's time to
get her a bigger car seat kind of like
Abraham's here but but like lay it back
so that it's still rear-facing his is
definitely for an infinite up through
you know all ages it turns into a
booster I feel like I'm ready for one
like that for Juliet okay let's go and
fellowship with Miss a man and eat
haven't eaten yet today it's 11:40 in
the morning so you come in seems trucks
talking to me I talk with Supergirl
there's Amanda I'm gonna go pick up
another donation for the coffee wrap a
basket and I was telling you guys
yesterday he dies I put up my diaper bag
I left it in my car and I switched cars
the very last minute because mine was
making the weird noise and as a result
to that I left my doctor back so while
checking out car seat I also need to
purchase some diapers I give this baby
bigger laughing so yeah I'm also
just like carrying around all my stuff
free handedly it's not so convenient you
know
okay we made it to the baby aisle let's
get some diapers wipes and while we're
here I also need some diaper cream and I
think that I want to get a tub of it
this time I always use the tubes like -
knowing but then again I always have to
do everything with one hand this
actually would be really hard to open up
with one hand I think okay now we're
going back we're gonna go change
okay here we are
mmm five to forty pounds rear-facing so
she definitely could do it got the zip
thing and I don't know what that's about
I just got a zipper are you getting
impatient at me I think I found the one
I like you want me open it you closed it
good job telling me what you wanted you
wouldn't even have a drink of it get Joe
you got the lid on like curricula and
you couldn't get it off because you got
it on so good awesome okay miss big girl
let's go you guys I have tried to
document her saying thank you several
times she says it she just won't say it
on the vlog and she rarely says it when
you ask how you're saying it right now
say thank you mama that kind of sounds
like it
let's set you and I get out of here go
get a broom hit the dollar store buy
some stuff you know I'll do I forgot to
put Aidan's gift away before he comes my
fault this morning better hide it from
me where should I hide it oh okay that's
okay nothing looks really fun I looked
into it today I'm really looking forward
to plan out with them all right let's go
get a drawing of the dollar store maybe
go get a snack with them I need some D
batteries some other stuff oh you guys
come along with me have to take me his
car cuz she took my truck so we get out
here without hitting the mailman and
going for it
we got a crane dead ahead Wow that's
unique right crane right another up I'm
still without a phone Nia had a contact
me through my email how to check him on
computer and she asked me to go pick a
favor and she was supposed to do it it's
kind of hard not having a phone but it's
also surprisingly easy to do you know
I'm living just fine without my phone
actually I feel like I'm saying this
here without it it's pretty interesting
I want to go to Oklahoma soon bed and
start working on house it's going to
happen soon we're actually traveling
tomorrow we're staying in Texas but
we're going camping at a really fun
place so we're going to do that and then
I have New York coming up so I don't
have too much time to go to Oklahoma
nice bus would you make that looks like
a poop emoji your shoes on right right
foot looks like the toes are going that
way wait you got him on the wrong foot
but yep you do your shoes on the wrong
feet
hey everyone I decided we're gonna go to
the store on the boosted board instead
of taking the car sounds a lot funner to
me I'm just concerned about era I'm
getting worn out standing and
complaints about his arms when he goes
on the forwards so let's go get the
board and go back out now I am here to
pick up that last donation out sorry
guys about it it's sweltering outside
guys I was super cold when we were
getting ready this morning are like
chilly issues so the babies are dressed
in her long sleeves to the new theme in
mind though she loves running errands
with her mom the front of this store is
really really cute you guys the bracelet
that was inspired by show so cool super
cool mug you guys for a raffle basket it
gives back a week of clean water every
time you buy one of these I have fallen
in love with this house right here
there's just this adorable neighborhood
and I find myself just driving down this
road before I picked up somepony first
of all mommy said it wasn't on my
backpack
it really wasn't man I didn't know it
but yeah doing
I don't wanna go on up on Bebo
concrete's nice well I'm at the store
I'm gonna renew my gym membership it's
been a while since I've been to the gym
I like just having a gym membership it
makes me feel healthy turtles yeah look
at this guy
what is this you're still scared of him
in a year and he's still scared of them
what are they are they humans he always
called him humans I look behind you
batteries check
so the batteries for this bad boy but
you'll be seeing more of those on a
later date
are you like my new blogger Elijah I
like it it's actually pretty cool how
would a baby look at his baby she got
yellow sucker yellow boy oh she's short
off for the camera hi dude - the good
news - blue - dude what is this about
these cool personality is coming out
like crazy that's right we are gonna in
North Texas Jellystone Park it's a water
park slash campground and it's awesome
because we picked the perfect weather to
go we picked the perfect time to go this
fall because it's like the hottest has
been in like a couple weeks it's gonna
be in the upper 90s or my knees either
way it's gonna be warm now what the
diaper why I gotta go to the bathroom I
mean I have to go pee so bad guys I got
this box and I was like who are they for
and I'm looking at the size it seems
like a room size and look I forgot that
I got the Commerce oh my god he's gonna
love them I'm so excited for my baby do
it now oh my gosh the things about to go
over her oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh no she trying to drink it look
it's gonna come back and run her over no
watch Juliet's just about to get
pummeled by the water thank you baby you
guys warm again yeah we just went
swimming and all the family's over our
skin feels opened up your head and now I
have to pack because we are going
somewhere really fun tomorrow we're
pretty much like going a bean but where
though ready I think we're going it's
getting so much fun I have quite a bit
of things together because the weather
has been a little chilly in the morning
it's been warm in the afternoon and eat
and the evening time get cool again so
we need tend of summery clothes we also
need kind of fallish layers and I think
we're gonna be able to swim where we're
at so I'll also need swimwear and swim
gear for everyone that's a lot of
packing up to do one thing I'm gonna
waiting for is for all the family to
come over so I can make them my tea
latte
okay my case for the family view so
excited Indra is going on first you
think any pic do you like cinnamon yes
welcome yeah there it is
symphonies trying mighty latte he's a
hot does it taste good really is this
tea latte oh well do you think it tastes
good or way better better no this is a
new flavor so maybe you just like
display ver better problem awesome I did
for author years really well so it's
11:15 at night and I have been going
going going all day long it's been an
amazing day but please don't judge me
for what I'm about to do that's right
hangers and all it's just going in
except I'm wearing this tomorrow I
forgot now all I have to do is add our
toiletry bag did Juliet stuff in the
morning before we head out
zip that puppy up and we are on our way
it's time for comment of the day guys
and I just love this comment so much I
haven't gone back and watched today's
vlog yet so I'm not exactly sure
everything you guys saw hello from the
snake footage but I'll try to fly 1
Sydney be sent Sam that snake was called
a ring neck it wasn't a baby that's a
full-grown one ream neck what's a ring
neck I was alone with a harmless species
a collar bird snake found throughout
much of the United States central Mexico
and southeastern Canada Oh guys we'll
catch you tomorrow we will we'll catch a
real y'all in did you say well kept it
we'll put ketchup all right guys we'll
see you tomorrow we're going traveling
so before don't forget we love you I'll
be the hand that you can hold when you
can't make it on your own I promise you
and not alone but in this together
okay that's Andrea Scott oh good good
hurry whoa whoa are you okay
