bitter really rough night last night I
think it's time that I put a little bit
more power
what's symphony doing over here wha
mister
good morning guys that a really rough
night last night at 11 a.m. and it feels
more like 6 a.m. Abram was complaining
of toe pain all night long I went in his
bed slept with him in the bed for a
little bit and then he woke me up again
I left and then he woke up again I gotta
get out to the couch it was rough
and then Nia had some trouble with Julie
after she woke up a few times last night
and I did not smell food on her and I
feel guilty I feel so bad like maybe
it's something I should have just
checked for but she's teething and she
didn't smell poopy driveways dry let's
see if it works this is actually mostly
for sidewalk don't break it honey it
didn't break
come on a fan to the beat to the eighth
to the estimate and some scenes on the
beach to the cube to the end and thank
you hey Rob sup buddy you bet I did
you know I get better can see you up
close alright since mommy's not here
Abram and I are gonna do some school
work but we're gonna do it out here in
the backyard and I'm gonna be teaching
him how to use a pellet gun I think it's
time that I put a little bit more power
behind those little hands he's almost
four it's time right the time is now our
targets these guys a bunch a little pots
I bought like 70 cents at Walmart I
thought it'd be fun to watch them
explode I'm just going I got an idea I'm
gonna get some leftover paint and put
him in there and seal off the bottom
holes as you take I think this is a good
lesson for Abram teach him the concept
of cause and effect right when he shoot
a gun it causes something to explode
he's not used to that I think he's gonna
have fun doing this I know I am okay
guys Julie and I are headed to a little
meeting I have with Erica we used to go
to church with her and her little boy
goes to school symphony so we've just
been talking a lot lately and
decided to get together this afternoon
where my friend Erika's house now we
were just doing some shopping
that's right shopping at her house and
the baby has a dirty diaper to her house
you guys is gone she's be on display of
how to decorate your house just a few
little snippets that room I mean there's
so many little details that I can't show
you guys just by walking I'm like
blogging your house and you guys want to
see something cool these chairs used to
belong to Sam when he was in high school
in college so when we got married we
took him to our house and then we got
rid of them and Erica took them and she
painted them she covered the seat just
look at this one little corner of her
new kitchen super cute one day I'll have
a very themed house it's such a
tight-knit theme this is just in the
middle of her house it's like shopping
store this is Erica hi hi guys she is a
what-do-you-call-it lularoe my lularoe
retailer man yeah your room is super
cute my little room so I'm gonna try a
couple things on with my little sidekick
ahh what do you think Juliet you like it
this is the first thing it's just a
little skirt probably not my favorite
okay this is second option totally also
I don't know I think I just need a
different size but I got it because the
pattern has this mustard color that's
already have a cardigan like that
totally got this buddy I'll show you how
to do it and then you get the try okay
those are the targets behind you a
little pillow this is the bullet is it
that little hole oh it's already I got
the safe on this is called a scope and
I'm looking through it and it makes it
really big so I can see it better I'm s
this is called a barrel you're always
pointing at the ground okay
this here are you ready go ahead try it
I have it on safe mode no help look
through the scope there's a damage it
really explode get that at 1-under for
like stacking like this actually running
a few errands I'm doing a raffle basket
at something in school and so I'm kind
of picking my head up at the door to let
them know I'm here but hazel and olive
and a couple other boutiques around town
donated things it's just too quick for
me to get her in and out and I'm going
to like for different places and I'm
friends with all of them so I'm like hey
see if a bag can I just stand at the
door so yeah thank you
Tiffany is back and when hear all about
your day babe how was recessed so you
had a really good day at recess today it
wasn't as bad as the other day oh I'm so
glad to hear that
alright guys before you jump down my
throat on everything I did wrong
teaching everyone how to shoot that
pellet gun I just want to let you know
and remind you that I have never been
taught how to shoot a pellicle properly
I never had a dad to do anything like
that with so that was kind of a first
for me
and it's pretty cool I know I probably
did a lot stuff wrong so if you are
gonna point some stuff out do it gently
and I appreciate it I really do cuz that
we learned from you guys I learned for
me guys says I grew up without a dad
nobody ever like I said I wasn't taught
how to use the weapon properly I'm sure
you guys might say I start a little too
early with him but I don't think so I
don't think it's ever too early to start
with like gun safety and teaching me how
that works and everything and especially
just to start with a pellet gun but he's
taking his nap now and I'm gonna do some
editing stuff it's gotta get out about
we already get up it's a little guy
who's that Nino what do you see what's
Nina uh-oh
you're right ill yucky where did that
come from Jules wanna help momma clean
it was clean it good now it's time to
clean my beautiful yard and water like
beautiful garden
what's symphony doing over here whoa
nice job babe
daddy's always a yeah you were
why oh you little check good job sweetie
sometimes I watched this after-show on
YouTube after The Bachelor guilty
pleasure and the lady starts our show
with its rows and rows day and then that
totally makes me think of it's time for
comment of the day
okay comment of the day though goes to
miss Leah Martin don't worry Symphony I
feel like everyone has that moment in
life when they feel like a third wheel
but you will overcome it stay positive
happy Anniversary salmony that is great
advice stay positive I encouraged her in
the car something you guys didn't see in
the vlog to just be the one to invite
other people to come play with her
because a lot of kids probably feel the
same way she does I think especially it
Symphony School them longer she goes
there and the more we do YouTube the
more kids are starting to look at her
like she's you know well known or famous
I don't like to use that word little
kids at her school do call her that and
they'll ask her about it like right are
you a famous youtuber and you know it I
have a feeling like that could probably
always have a little bit of a wall
between her and the rest of her
classmates as she gets older so you know
just teaching her to be the person to
step up and ask kids to play with her I
think will break down those barriers and
really help her yes it's true stay
positive
if you're feeling like a third way
feeling left out at school staying
positive is definitely a good way to go
she already had a great day at recess
today as you guys heard after school so
thank you all so much for the really
sweet and encouraging comments to her
and about her beautiful angelic voice I
agree with you guys it was very
encouraging the comments section today
so thank you guys for being such a great
example today of our motto here at Sam
and Nia and as always don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
you can't hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not alone but
in this together
look at her she's trying to drink it
