also today is our anniversary don't take
those to Daddy can I please have a bite
just one Julia what are you doing
why should try to go to Blaine's house
we're a fan to the beach of the agency
welcome to another beautiful day here in
Carroll Texas me and I are about to get
started on some gardening as you can see
also today is our anniversary we are
celebrating our eighth year of marriage
and our 13th year of being with each
other Hey look at this there's actually
a Rupp's right here Mia's Bachelorette
weekend in 2009 as the of the year we
got married the date was 912 obviously
today's 912 yeah guys I'm sorry about a
crappy lens there's like a spot on this
lens and it's just bugging me so much
Juliette is just kind of exploring at
the neighbors way god she's look like a
little puppy today this morning I'll
show you see him came home from taking
the kids to school and he told me he was
gonna go to Home Depot so he comes home
I was in my room finishing up some
laundry he walks in with a bouquet of
red roses so I come to the kitchen to
find a vase and there's another bouquet
of yellow roses and I'm just sitting
you're like oh hey man I look over here
and there's another bouquet of roses
keep their present with three bouquets
of roses this morning anyhow I'm kind of
like laid out it was so cute so here's
one arrangement here's the other
arrangement on our little coffee table
and then here is the largest and what I
call like the final arrangement and they
so pretty you guys
I was super surprised because the EMA
said helping do the garden or the last
few days I totally was not expecting
flowers because I have so many out here
I thought he would for sure use that as
like oh we didn't get you flowers we got
you a billion of them but before I help
me over there I'm gonna fix this huge
bump that we have right here in our
driveway clobbers should have removed
the grass first but I did it
check it out guys I caught a snake
that's the biggest snake I've ever held
in my life yeah you are just kidding
it's a baby little snake - there you
wanna see a snake look at the snake cute
little guy there's a chip right there
the snake inside of there there we got
them inside the Pringle que Juliet
whatever you do don't open up the
Pringles I'm gonna save it for Symphony
there is no other way I'd want to spend
my anniversary right now so guys we are
changing up the layout of our garden
typically we plant small plants back
here or I guess that was a plan but I
think we're gonna close it in these are
getting a little too big and it's just
it's just such a narrow space to plant
we would almost need something a little
taller than those in order for it to
make sense oh you like short tall taller
but then from the road I would want it
to be shorter so it's just turn it to
the point where we have to make a
decision so we are gonna take these
small plants and put them along the
front which I've been wanting to do for
a long time there thank you
on weeks like this one I'm extra glad to
have some blue apron recipes just laying
around because it makes lunchtime for
Sam and me so much easier because now
it's finally time to have like grown-up
lunch no more chicken nuggets no more
fish sticks no more like random little
things that we're kind of snacking on
because that's what I'm feeding the kids
so I am ready to get cooking in it so
I'll trade and today I'm making sweet
pepper and summer squash fajita I need
some corn tortillas wheat peppers and
cilantro and onion mine probably you
gonna get alright so today's video is
actually sponsored by blue apron which
is totally awesome and perfect timing
because blue apron shifts all of their
products straight to your front door
with little coolers inside of the box to
keep everything fresh on your doorstep
if you can't get to it right away and
that is seriously like the most perfect
thing for a busy mom with kids at school
sharing back-to-school season because I
feel like hey I am rent myself rampant
between dropping symphony up here Abram
up there staying up late to get stuff
done waking up early to get the kids off
to school so I am excited to make this
fresh yummy meal for Sam and myself and
I just like look at this dress it looks
so pretty I love how pretty they're gray
beautiful
you think that if you have you Julianne
be pretty and they pay between you it
you can't have an onion ever your eyes
 what bunion it looked like a ball
there's not a ball small dice the
tomatoes and placing a medium bowl and
see them a song oMG you guys I think I'm
making my own eco this is so fun I love
learning these new things that is
another cool thing about blue apron is
that there's all kinds of different
recipes to choose from depending on like
what you're wanting to know how to cook
and this one I thought that I was gonna
be like mixing the onions and the
tomatoes together like sauteing them it
turns out it's the tomatoes cilantro and
jalapeno that's going together and mind
you if only you could smell it you would
just love it
Hey lunch time oh yeah and since it is
an adult only lunch we are gonna just
share this little platter right here oh
my goodness come on you've got to be
kidding me this all looks amazing we've
got our Pico chopped cilantro our
veggies to fill the fajitas with corn
tortillas corn with mayonnaise queso
fresco lime juice and our pepper sour
cream now all I need is my man where you
at babe so if you haven't noticed this
is the two-person meal plan blue apron
also offers a family plan but I actually
really like having these yummy delicious
fancier tight meals for Sam and I when
we're here at home with just the baby
and it's kind of just us too if you want
to cook up some recipes like this one
click on the link in our description box
the first 100 people to sign up gets
three free meals oh my goodness guys
that is a lot that's so cool I can't
wait to dive into this and see what Sam
thinks about it yeah and thanks again to
blue apron for sponsoring today's video
and our little lunch date
how there are any taste it it takes it
back to work after that awesome lunch oh
well he finishes up to work I'm gonna go
pick up a perm from school and you guys
know it we're gonna go through our
Walmart pickup and Starbucks wait before
I go did you guys see your garden
doesn't it look beautiful the water's on
I can't go over there just yet oh no
it's coming to me okay let's go get a
room now guys okay let's do a rise to
the stairs
ready go did you show your friends a
dinosaur a new shirt would they say did
anybody say candy on it she did it did
you like miss Brittany shirt today what
was on it
I can't hurry why can you bail me the
current system I know tell me please
Symphony is favorite thing right now are
foxes she is made me super excited about
this cookie you guys thank you we got
here Symphony is gonna love this dude
work here oh I think we got a horse on
its ears here you go and of course and
basic as I can be before a grocery shop
pumpkin spice latte which one today baby
whoo you're almost four are you almost
time for your birthday what do you want
your take your train what you told me
you wanted a spider-man hot weigh on
spider-man jammies Macy's yes you did
LeeAnn spider-man James that's what you
want
I knew your toes I need to get on the
bike let me have a please please can i
buy them please let me have them I need
the feet I need the towels they're so
yummy
can I please have a bike just one toe
fede fede boy our lady's here buddy
she's here she asked fairy hair look at
her hair her hair always looked very
cute like a fairy hello we're discussing
that you look like a fairy thank you oh
okay we're all set let's go let's go
let's go let's go to hell why you want
to go to Hawaii oh you're so cute let me
do any of your other women out there
every time how long it takes your
husband to come out and help you with
the groceries I do I like to time it and
then if he doesn't come out by the time
I'm done time in it and have to go
inside
let's go together Bobby I got able to
new hose nozzles today he loves it like
a fireman hose he's got to show you
something guys whoa that's so cool
they're impressed like water hoses our
kids first access to power outside
themselves
I remember having water hoses and just
feeling very powerful behind them and
now actually I still feel that way about
and certain nozzles that's why I always
get a nice now so I just feel like I
have power behind them but it's so cool
to watch a breeze of power hose and how
preoccupied he is by this he never
spends any amount of time doing anything
like he does a water house one way to
get Abraham's birthday present here
that's by and this is what he wants
right here Oh Drive and I'm excited that
he wants it because I've always wanted
to have one of these you'd like upgrade
your cars and stuff any racing on that
half nice everyone's gonna love it we
just saw the guy from Twilight not
Robert that was totally Robert Patterson
hello happy Anniversary to us guys we're
unaware to North Park Mall
Nia needs to get her iphone fix mine is
damaged too mom has completely destroyed
my iPhone Abram actually found it in the
middle of the road in front of our house
like daddy your phone I was looking over
before and it was ran over it was
completely crushed and I was going to
come here and fix it with Mia's but I
lost it it's gone it's gone and broken
can we get the big box and take it home
he had forgot her teeth here so I got to
eat all these chocolates oh my gosh me
it's still there and make a new one fall
before taking a picture I think it's
more like this way oh you're right yeah
we're having Italian tonight guys at
Buca we're having Italian primarily
because my braces hurt I need either
suits or pasta we're just walked in this
amazing restaurant the guy gives us a
tour of the place he even took us in the
kitchen okay showed us the different
rooms and I wasn't recording such a
bummer man or even dive into you're too
big oh there oh I mean really good they
give you a huge serving spoon do we eat
with these foods man yeah yeah really
okay you say so it'll be good to put
some in the rigatoni and look out
massive this is every time Sam and I go
on a date I'd like to ask questions I
help us get to know each other better
because you know it's been together
eight years thirteen years total and it
seems like we know everything about each
other so when we were in Washington I
asked the question what are the top five
things you'd be looking for right now if
we were on our first date that was a fun
one anyway so today's question is what
is something that you wish we did more
of in our marriage or something we were
more open about as a couple I don't
really think about it
but I wish you've worked out the other
and it also be nice to like take walks
in the park together well I just got a
bike you need to get Mike you can go
biking together what about you my first
thing that came to our mind and I tell I
was like no I'm gonna take you something
better but I haven't thought of anything
better
I really wish that we had more together
I have more regular books for battle no
not the Bible I mean yeah that too but
we at least do that already
I wish we had more things together that
like taught us something about the world
like I like learning about history and
sometimes it would be cool if we like
learned something together and like
really knew it what's worth something
together I'm really interested in
president what are you really interested
in you are yeah I always up man we're
gonna enter into this room which is the
fine arts room full of like celebrities
in their arms
hey guys it's time for comment of the
day we are home from our date hey guys
it's time to come another day umm what
are you trying to vlog are you doing I
got this
it's so weird your skin like blends in
with my sweater it is so nasty a new
vlogging camera we did with Sony
Handycam so such better footage really
better at night we got it for our
anniversary shoots at 4k home of the day
goes to Natalie and Daria just Symphony
and Abram do gymnastics anymore love you
guys it's funny we talked so much about
that on the way home we did it consumed
our coverage a little more than talked
about it but anyway they're gonna be
going back soon and you guys will be
seeing that every now and again and
thanks for keeping honest about it guys
just summer was too busy to to keep that
up in our daily weekly routine see you
guys tomorrow don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other I'll be
the hand that you can hold when you
can't make it on your own I promise you
and not alone
but in this together
and there's another bouquet of roses
three he's oppressing hmm
