this is what baby does while mommy works
this is Tim - excited so guys you ready
to go
what you doing good morning guys it is
that time again where I've got a box
that a big beautiful baby and a pile of
tiny little clothes
that is right I'm getting ready to go
through Juliet's drawers and take out
the thing is that she can't wear her
tits so sad so her 9 mile of I've got a
lot of her nine month clothes they are
just done she can't wear it anymore she
knew where some 12-month clothes but not
very many this is what baby does while
mommy works see you reading your book
through such a cute reader
so these are the things that I have kept
or keepsakes this was symphonies that we
brought her home from the hospital in
Juliet or these are just scraps from her
little newborn - one year but a
shoot-out fit first Christmas jammies is
some really sweet jammies that I loved
on her these are also symphonies these
are Abraham's and Juliet wore them so I
kept those these are also Abraham's on
also this guy's that's what Juliet came
home from the hospital and baby used to
be tiny what happened
playdates flash business once again it's
Sarah from she's not listening to me
like she has new items in her shop I'm
gonna wear these today because give you
a favor hard to see they're going up on
September 21st Sammy is gonna oh no
Sam's first time modeling Tigers coming
out Sam's getting in his own year he
even did the fake hahaha give us a taste
of that ha nice you should like cut some
holes in your shirt and like sit on the
street with a bag
you nailed it buddy
are you peeking at daddy through your
legs hey guys photo shoot time is over
you kids are nothing and so I am running
some errands first I need to return a
pair of shoes that I got that are a
little too small for me to hit on the
fence you have an orthodontist 20 here
Rockwall so I'm just ready here and
Sprite hit they're hazel in Olive my fav
you guys all know football understand
hey how's it going girls now I'm gonna
get my nails done
now let's just get those braces
tightened
the chair of doom where my fate of my
teeth go from comfortable and able to
eat whatever I want so tightened and
excruciating peaks of next week's
getting started I just looked everybody
mm-hmm can I be a nice tinker is there
because you're wrong what they looked
like before they were like the zig zag
that's fast I'm all done you're all done
the bestest one yet just kidding you'll
find me over there sipping through a
straw and eat ice cream and mint tea and
soup those are all three of my favorite
things also
Symphony's homes here or she's heading
home hey girl hey how was your day did
anything kind of sad happen
I know that's not so bad
it only means ready to learn Oh what
happened why did you get appalled
and I take a little mom passage kind of
buried how was it already buried in your
desk like kind of smush
he said tell me something good about
school
see
who are you singing were you singing
with your friends no and I don't make
jokes
I know that can you show it to the
viewers why can't you just told me last
night you want to be a singer if you
want to be a singer you have to practice
a symphony wants to be a singer you guys
she told me that she would love to take
singing lessons and she you know if you
catch her sing and she has a really
pretty little voice she's so small but
she's got a good voice coming out of
that little body only our viewers could
hear a little sneak of it just give us a
little twinkle twinkle little star fine
I'll put the camera down while you do it
it's so pretty what were you seeing it
at recess what song I'm pledging I just
made up
with each other but they never ask me to
leave
Oh Symphony I'm sorry
Oh sweetheart
and she doesn't
does she say that no she's Justin I'm
please
but maybe she just doesn't want to play
a different game but you could join her
and what she's fine cups you want to
play cops are all I want to plan
something else
I see what wonder woman's your homework
in here it's that time in the week again
guys about to go our souls throw
ourselves spiritually with our church
family great for this buddy boy talk off
the community guys so we have him on
Mondays now we still have him on site
right now I'm gonna church the next day
would come straight here this is Trent
one of my buddies he makes cabinets for
living I'm telling on you
this is Tim he's like 5-0
visiting the pieman archive this is coop
video showing you what Lee Harvey Oswald
you have to eat yourself first buddy you
ready for brownies did you make this mom
did okay
Tiffany's out you're hanging out with
all her friends so believe it or not
guys Amelie here Nathaniel and Andrea
there were actually fab basic of ours
and they learn about reach rock wall
it's charity the vlogs and so the whole
family goes to reach now and they all
our energy feels really off they were
looking for churches in the area where
were you guys so we went to like let me
first moved here and then we found this
church called First Baptist that our
neighbors went to and really like we
thought I like it there but it was hard
to make friends
yeah I saw a chocolate on the block and
my mom decided to try it out area you
guys love it right we love it there you
guys are here she is so cute she tickles
me like every time she sees me
Oh Amanda home it's time for bed
everyone is trying to find his nightly
hot wheel did you find your hot wheel
boy yeah he's looking really hard
tonight stop looking at yourself in the
mean everything has this thing where he
likes to look at himself in the mirror
law it's really funny even when he's
crying you'll like sit there and crying
I can't himself crying is that normal we
had really good night just seats night
we had the men go upstairs the women
stayed downstairs and we discover
marriages and talked about different
aspects in them and got really personal
you said she couldn't look at anybody in
the eye on the way out because that was
that personal mom dude are you stuck in
that thing you okay but are you gonna
love that
it's that time again guys coming up
today
jungkook international playboy sir that
says or asks what happened to the angel
plant you guys got because of your
miscarriage it's a great question
because yesterday I just noticed it and
I just feel bad we let it die yeah no
good reason why but we're just really
bad at taking care of plants we really
really are bad at taking hair plant and
kids it's not true so it died we're
gonna keep the soil that we had with it
and put it in the garden little still be
like a part of the garden you know what
I mean but yeah we'll catch you guys
tomorrow
another huge day tomorrow right babe
that's a big one guys it actually really
is a release it's our anniversary
can you guys guess which year we're
celebrating let us know in there 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 psycho 17 18
19 Wow well catch you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you remember to
love each other I'll be the hand that
you can hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and
but in this together
get out
