but so right now Sam is laying down some
paper Sam knows everything what did you
go visiting my mom really likes it here
I can't give that about everywhere I
look here with me in this together
yeah so glad nobody can see me right now
as my hair looks thank you guys I'm just
so excited about getting started on
pilot training kid event a guys it's
like all I think about right now is
becoming a pilot it's just really odd
that it's just now coming to me that's
something I'd love to do good morning
Bebo happy grandma day oh thank you over
here right
do you see you
Green Parrot stay leave us going to
church with us Abram has a flashlight
that my mom brought him Julia just loves
it whatever to go let's go come on let's
go worship we're going to picture me and
I are teaching today I take the kids to
big worship before we start teaching
them here
now that would be good news for us to
know to learn how to be devoted to God
what are some things gon tell me to do
raise your hand
Symphony so what should we do that's
right we're having Sunday lunch at The
Londoner my mom really likes it here
looking good today as usual we're
celebrating grandmother day take a board
games boosting that gave you a little
booster
an outer egg white shell look at the
edge of it they look below is happening
here and then you can spin it around
there sausages mashed potatoes red onion
gravy try it this little punk rocker
it's very prophase
you see she's a daddy's girl big time
she is so independent she doesn't want
help doing anything lately
okay hey bruh he doesn't oh there's a
little cupcake walking around out there
oh my goodness look at my girls look at
my sweet sweet girl
guys that a lot of meat I think my son
is cool like the other parents say that
about the kid like he's a cool kid I
gotta kill that about everywhere I like
him like man he is cool sometimes I
thought he was cooler than me no no way
that calling me driving a choo-choo if
you only says cute things it looks cool
okay here they come
Minnie oh my goodness where'd you come
from
all right somebody's gonna do it you
hold on to wrap your legs around and
then just slide down kind of look you're
doing it let your arms leave you jump
good job babe
little pinky girl with your bare feet
okay guys we're just waiting for daddy
in the car and I'm sitting in the back
I'm sure good when's daddy all right
took good nappy
joints are blinking shorter she wants to
walk around check out what's going on
this is not normally how accept water
clean games does it pass you oh yeah
hey binky this is the progress of the
garden as of today we are getting
started once again and by we I mean
mainly Sam because I am making sure this
little cutie doesn't fall or go in the
road the plan was to get started while
she took her nap but then we kind of
took a nap too so it didn't really
happen but so right now Sam is laying
down some pay for it she knows
everything what did you google this or
something there Oh Eric that's right
he helped Sam regarding some stuff so
Sam is getting ready to lay down this
paper it just goes over like this I have
to say I noticed that you upgraded the
paper that than what you use last time
this looks fancier I know you're all
wondering why is Nia letting her wear
this adorable white outfit Oh baby well
it's so dirty I murder you out here well
it's because summer is about the over
and she will definitely not fit into
this next summer and it just seems like
a comfy option she was super fussy after
her now I just I get seemed like a comfy
yet cute option for outside today the
kids are playing at the neighbor's house
over there I hear them all no that's not
food baby this is dirt yeah Wow are you
gonna climb on this bag oh yeah baby
get on it
hey guys I am back at Home Depot we
decided to grab a couple more of these
full plants right here we're getting to
gallows and one light these seem polish
I sure hope these are gonna like lessen
through most of all and there's only two
more of these big yellow there's a
little yellow one I'm gonna grab some
for the front half of our garden so
these are what I had in mind when I was
thinking about that you can't see
anything from the front but know that
I'm looking at them they're so tiny I
just don't know are you supposed to have
my my spawn Lucy found pretty flowers
okay Julie at my screen for like a
minute and she broke it you guys see
that
I came home to so many neighborhood
babies at my house hi guys there's more
around this way where are you Julia is
playing right in the middle of the
street
Julia what are you doing out here by
yourself oh great we've got a little
wreck okay
sippy you gotta watch out for Abram he
doesn't know how to get out of the way
what happened you're a strong guy guy
that's right her bike too this is all I
got today guys not too bad right
that's you over there and I did four
five over here Abram just got bucked off
Symphony's horse poor guy
come on Bob let's get inside to get
cleaned up hey guys it's a comment of
the day time and it goes to L eh did
y'all notice they love each other Sam
and Nia shirt me ahead on I need one
yeah did you guys notice my shirt
yesterday at the garden go check it out
guys I'm gonna leave a link in the
description that's that Sam Ania calm
just click on merch and they'll take you
right to our new merch store and as
always we'll see you guys tomorrow God
willing don't forget we love you
remember it don't let me do it
I'll be the hand that you can hold when
you can't make it on your own I promise
you and
but in this together
and we can't say
oh really what were you gonna say I was
gonna say don't want people around oh so
then what should we do if I tells us not
to boss people around
