I've been in my room for an hour and a
half watching my updates on hurricane mo
Sam's brother our family they are in
Lake City and guys I learned a new term
yesterday and do you guys wanna know
what it is
so let's go do some fun in this together
Juliet hasn't seen daddy in a whole day
really
she was crying for him on him Heidi died
oh you jerk on her blinking the hit
she's walking on she's doing good yeah
kids made a little campout this morning
during Juliet's morning nap so cute
I really love it burger there's no yep
whoa yum yum yum yum yummy milk no get
over here Chucky guys I've been working
really hard on my braids I somebody
wouldn't be still sad to start down here
while she was playing but this is a
little mini Dutch braid with a regular
braid at the bottom well this is still
Dutch I went over and under instead of
but I'm practicing trying to get better
it would be really cute I've had some
pins and I could pin it up like this let
me super cute I am gonna master of doing
my girl's hair does it feel pretty at
least oh you look beautiful no matter
what the kids had a campout earlier so I
let them all purchase their own TVs for
their tents which were the iPad and that
little controller thingy right there and
Abram did not consider it I know I told
them they can each have one video Abram
is that still your first video
woo don't like me later what a stink
face
oh you know just using my new frothing
skills to make sample photo zone latte
lights milk and sweeten it just like you
like your latte so I don't look at that
she always wants what Sam has to eat
urge a coffee no she can't have coffee
she's tutoring me guys I learned a new
term yesterday and you guys wanna know
what it is term is Silver Fox Sam it's
turning into my Silver Fox I love that
term he has a you have a couple of the
gray hairs that's what the Silver Fox is
just a lightly dusted there's some in
there like there's one right there
look guys you'll see those little crepes
Nina's trying to make me old I'm not
trying to make you old but I mean I'm
totally he's gonna be so hot with great
hair he is gonna be a hot middle-aged
man I also have a little thing for like
little old men I think they're just so
adorable and I just think it's cool that
I get to like and a fall in love with my
own little old man one day just one day
I mean way far off into the future I'm
totally not one of those people who like
dread getting older and dread aging and
dread getting wrinkles okay maybe that
wrinkles on me but I mean even that I'm
gonna embrace it I'm gonna have them I
smile a lot and I've always pulled my
eye when I do my eyeliner so I'm just
like you know they're gonna come
hopefully later than sooner but I've
been with him since he was 18 I've seen
him like I mean jeez that may have never
aged is he selling the same he hasn't
really ages at all this is April's party
see I'm gonna clean it up and get it all
ready cuz some would just hate she hates
getting her diaper changed you guys so
we're gonna start do that you excited by
training your book
you don't want to party right now you
know she's not ready Huard one day
she'll be going until go to the potty
yeah she hates getting her diaper chain
and she has really hates it she turned
15 months old last week and so Abram was
17 months old when we introduced him to
the potty symphony it was like - when
she and got introduced to the potty she
was a little bit older you had a Winnie
the Pooh see hey runner mommy ah run
lesson five of our learning to read book
and he's actually doing really good the
other day he wrote an A & M together and
we were talking about how that is the
word am but he wrote it all by himself
that's the best part he wrote the a and
the M all by himself and he can kind of
write an S so today I think we're gonna
introduce a new sound all right buddy
look here I am going to touch under this
sound and I'm gonna say the sound e or
turn say the sound when I touch under it
oh one more time oh you gotta watch my
fingers so you know when to stop making
the noise get your hand up put it in
your lap and be nice and stiff all on my
finger buddy
look at my finger oh good job now my
cousin touch the ball first and say he
next time please next sound very good
yeah buddy you've got all the sounds
we've learned correctly good job
symphonies practicing her cursive that
lowercase K Wow we're doing so good
girlfriend 35 surround you
Abram is all done with day five I know
he started a while ago but we do this on
days when we're at home mostly and on
the days that he's not in his little
preschool symphonies been doing cursive
I think she's come to a stop for the day
good job Missy hey guys so nap time was
kind of short today Juliet at least naps
for about three hours usually but today
has an hour I've been in my room for an
hour and a half watching my updates on
hurricane Irma Sam's brother our family
they're in Lake City and I'm just
freaking out inside a little and trying
not to but I've just been reading
article after article after article
watching video after video for the last
hour and a half just saying the changes
as they're taking place and it's just I
mean looks a little scarier for their
city than what everyone's you know
leading on no I don't think you should
fly into the hurricane they're probably
not even flying to that area yeah
afterwards you should definitely go help
her definitely think after it's all over
Sam should go and help his brother but I
just you know watching it I was looking
at you know all the different color
codes with there meaning there's a river
very close to David's house it's called
Suwannee or Suwannee I'm not sure how
you pronounce it but it's very close to
their house and it's under hurricane
storm water I guess meaning like it's
gonna flood just got me a little scared
I've been texting with Logan you know
Sam's little nephew for like the last
two hours I'm just feeling nervous I'm
sure I'm trying to calm myself down and
just keep praying and praying but man
it's just crazy when you can't be close
to your family like curious how David's
wife is handling it on the inside she
seemed really calm probably just one of
those things like I can't freak out now
there's more to go
they're definitely saying that right now
right now you guys are watching this I
think on Tuesday Saturday here right now
and they are saying that the safest
place to be if you're in Lake City is in
your house however storm is changing
constantly it's just getting a little
bit more read and read and read through
anyway 3:30 4:00 in Florida David just
sent this little map update and I
believe that David is in the middle of
the orange and the purple I think I just
asked him to verify but I was looking on
the state map they may be more in the
yellow I'm gonna find out here in a bit
let's see here
no Nia
sassy pants he's ready to go Baba I got
a necklace on she went to her room
picked out her shoes she bought me a
necklace she's ready to go that is not
how you get down you're going the wrong
way bunny you're doing the wrong way the
cutie come on I'll help you down
good afternoon guys how you doing today
it feels so great out here today so
we're gonna go ahead and do some
gardening I mean the weather today is
like the kind of weather you just want
it in Brighton or you just what just
want to run up and hug it and give it
kisses and squeezes so let's go do some
fall gardening what do you guys say full
of gardening
those are cool right there I'll see you
right at the door oh that's a cool
flower too let's put it apart we don't
have any garden tools a small garden
tool so we're gonna check out those
first we'll need to Abram his own little
shovel and simply what kind of hold you
want you want to shovel too
okay let's go look for them what about
this one dude that's perfect size for
you do that what do you think you want
to shovel - alright get into troubles
yeah they also have these you don't get
one of those have been in here even
smaller rapes and troubles there's a
smaller fish
you want to fill the whole garden up
that would be cool the bushes oh wow you
fit right in yeah those are pretty
inside careful be gentle
I have kind of like this dream favor
I've been wanting to ask you now that
you're done with it
exterior as far as the paint goes I
would just love to have like two rows
busy with bushes or three in that front
part underneath the bedroom window right
now though is this a good time Claire
Rosie's yeah she doesn't want to go the
way you're going to go her own way
honey I hope you're ready to work before
and after is that beautiful you like it
we did a good job let me know didn't you
like it
yeah I don't know what's wrong today
so first thing we need to do guys is gut
it we got this whole garden except for
the bushes of course but everything else
you got to take out and redo eating the
dirt the paper underneath all of it
Oh
back back
good teamwork honey we got the first
step done now we have to put down the
new soil dig hard lay down the tarp then
dig holes for the plants and lay down
the mall I'm so like bad at this I would
think like you just put a whole bunch of
soil down like a thick layer and like
playing it in the neutral well you could
do that too but we don't have much room
we don't have that much soil they got
this tiller from the neighbor but it
won't start up it's really cute
that's mortars
hi Gabriel hey kid
Oh what surprising how easy that is I
just went through until they all didn't
break a sweat maybe a little bit but not
much
that was my employee one building blocks
with Juliet this play
alright guys comment of the day yes I
got a blister doing that out there just
a little one
battle wounds that I'll be proud of for
the rest of my life
comment of the day goes to Nicole
Escobar after luckily she's had coming
to the day before
well we ever get a painted poll reveal
painted poll revealed who said I painted
the pool
silly Nicole no but really though I do
want to get my pilot's license I know
some of your say no Sam don't do it
don't you do it Sam I really am gonna do
it I'm gonna look into it
Monday but on that now guys don't forget
we love you as always and remember to
love each other I'll be the hand that
you can hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you
but in this together
did you just hit her with that shovel
