Matthews here with me we're on our way -
can you guys guess by our shirt play
with Beauty this is what we will be
loading here there's some apartment
complexes there just gutting everything
out and we're sitting allowances
chatting away
good morning fanbase - how are you guys
doing this morning Kip gosh good morning
Matthews here with me we're on our way -
can you guys guess by our shirts is that
cool we didn't do this on purpose we're
go a little bunch of supplies in an
airplane and cleburn which is an hour
from where we live and they will take a
plane from there to Houston I was just
invited to do this by somebody watching
our videos which is really cool their
prank their people in Houston anyone
that's out there in that area praying
for you guys we're doing everyone's
doing pushing people around Dallas and
what we can to help you guide your
neighborhood made it to the airport this
is the plan we'll be taking off and I
can't even believe it ladies beauty this
is what we'll be loading here I guess
these are all donations hi Brenda
everybody Maddox this is Maddox the son
of the founder of Operation airdrop so
what is the mission of operation airdrop
Houston was destroyed by Harvey many
homes in the ruin so we're trying to
help them get back on their feet what
you guys do with airplane yeah just like
your local volunteers who have airplanes
like whose airplane is this my dad's
friend there's a pilot
so where did this plane use the whole
people just people how much can it load
how much weight beds on the fuel all
good done
7,500 pounds how much you think will
have in here there's so many volunteers
here I feel kind of useless but my job
mainly is to bring recognition to
Operation airdrop and they have a
website I'll put a link below you guys
could go check it out if you want to
drop off anything so this is John hey
there John will the founder of Operation
airdrop when you start this program we
start Doug Jackson I started this about
10 days ago really today Friday August
29 was when we decided that we were
going to do it we name it just took off
like literally with AirPlay like an
airplane it took off it was it was it
was obviously a need that needed fill
so how was donations previously getting
over there before operation airdrop they
weren't I mean how did they get him over
there just drive him down there yeah but
see the neat thing about the airplanes
is right after the hurricane right after
disaster there's roads closed everywhere
so they can't get in boats convince them
in or truck but the trucks good so we
started delivering supplies immediately
our viewers if they want to drop off the
nation's where can they go to make
drop-offs to this the drop off list is
on Operation airdrop comm you can bring
it to the local airports on the list on
our operation airdrop comm and then the
pot those loads get posted to our pilot
community pilots sweep through grab them
send them to the place that needs a
commotion so what's the biggest need
right now in Houston bug spray
folks pray really all the sudden think
about all the water yeah and now it's
been there for 10 days and it's getting
nasty so now we're more into restoration
than recovery okay
and people are trying to put their lives
back together underwear and socks
nothing fancy no Victoria Secrets just
white underwear and white socks okay
basic needs stuff toiletries deodorant
toothpaste but I know if you if you grab
a couple cases of bug spray it will be
very well because I can tell you that I
appreciate what you guys are doing this
is also I can't wait to get on the plane
check out the Texas coast and the flag
look at that that's awesome
did you decorate it mom did cool aunt
this is Joe he's the guy who found us he
lives in Phoenix and I guess he just did
a Google search and waters in the area
yep came across the channel Sam and Nia
watched the emoji video had to hit ups
and see if he would come out today and
good fit from the emoji video yeah I
sample like five to ten videos I like
what you guys are doing so yeah cool we
did stumble on
oh man I'm used to it all the time when
we're flying Joe did you sign right here
man
oh man just got pretty crazy texts from
Sam and Matthew can you guys believe in
their plane malfunctioned
oh my nerves are shot I am NOT a very
good flyer as you guys know and all I'm
thinking it's like
is that what that noise was yeah I heard
that noise started while we were taking
off and I'd say anything then I saw a
guy from back here rush up there tell
the pilot oh praise God thanks for
noticing that man I don't know if that
could have been dangerous or not but
he's warning called it praise God that
they are alive and so thankful that I am
NOT the one on the plane with Sam I made
it
hi guys however I'm simply I'm okay that
is okay too everybody's okay
alright so we're not getting back on
that plane unfortunately thank God we're
getting on this little Cessna so we're
going to a different part to repair ACS
with an AC company and get a different
mission now
oh that was the most nauseating hour of
my entire life no joke sweetie are you
looking for brownies to little-bitty oh
yeah alright symphony on my box that's
brownie mix buddy symphonies bed of
course um and then you get to pour the
last half something it's gonna go first
save some for Abram okay and Wow
now Abram can do the rest Bubba
all right Abram you do the water good
job by mixing it really makes you look
probably not this time because then a
lot of the brownie mix would get wasted
as we wash it all I think we should just
use a spoon okay Symphony are you ready
to do the egg now we need 1/3 of a cup
of oil
oh boy gonna taste delicious okay you
guys ready for your spoons one for
Symphony one for Bobby baby we'll get to
mixing y'all
nice turn okay hey sweet baby you've
been caught red-handed Juliet and cut in
the brownie bits it's like up there
somebody always has to have a turn
stirring to make sure it gets all mixed
up Oh
3232 three minutes Samantha Houston
finally been in the car for quite a
while here's some apartment complexes
they're just gutting everything out
there here to check air conditioning
they have their own equipment they're
gonna make sure people's ACS work before
they turn them on so nobody gets
electrocuted
they're also taking out all these nice
cars they don't work anymore because I'm
putting up a beautiful new fonts no this
is just so sad man leave its little good
I can't imagine my whole life being
uprooted out of nowhere just a little
bit of water on the bottom the stories I
don't think before 25th 6 months we can
go back there's no way that's all the
trash right yeah so what are you guys
gonna do just no no family no oh man
were you guys home and it flooded yes
how you were yeah how deep was it on my
side oh my god all set all the street is
here
Wow because we followed some you know
books have special leather stuff oh you
too gets a passport in a sovereign so
that's why I know how these so this is
her place right here what's frustrating
is her house was actually damaged by the
National Hurricane it was the opening of
the dam
as we're looking on charges anything
okay would you mind letting your
neighbors know that and while we're here
we might as well do a whole bunch of
comfort experts we're actually out of
dielsport water we got to run now we
have to go meet that other plane because
that's our ride back home maybe go to
another Airport a man I sure wish I
could stay here and he'll there's like
no end in sight for this Symphony ladies
first a little bit warm still okay it's
Juliet's
turn here's your first little tiny bite
of brownie she thinks it looks dark and
it doesn't like yet you know oh no
she'll never know guys she doesn't want
to try it
giving you guys your brownies and your
drinks start doing the upper brownie and
her drink can mommy try it now mm-hmm
triple chocolate you guys want to see
the inside of an aviation I wanna show
this is that right here okay left you
got a second one so this whole trip was
thrown for a loop now we're just getting
back on the plane I would induce a
little bit of touring and head back home
what do you then do the loading and
unloading that we came here with this
beautiful Keurig commercial sighs excuse
me
okay maybe this rentals to meet him out
here at ten minutes and we totally
forgot that he said that and we're
sitting in the lounge is chatting away
and we're out here and his planes gone
yeah where'd he go doing here that's
here up there right oh that's not it
looks like a fitting we go
oh yeah sure did it still goes we didn't
recognize the plane
oh man who knew be serious he didn't
leave us after all
Thanks cruciate it man we're going back
on the bear I'm hoping I'm never throw
up I'm feeling this time I'm I'm gonna
all out
we're back at Gil aviation so crazy you
could just walk out on the tarmac out
here nobody asks any question it's
really crazy how unregulated this is
going back at the airport and look at
this sunset over here look at that we
should be up in the air watching that
sunset such a bunt we've been in the air
all day and then that beauty happens we
landed welcome home boys Oreo it's me
trying a new kind Reese's I gotta tell
you something I want to get my pilot's
license I knew it I knew who's gonna
come home and tell me that how do you
know I just know how you are when you
get your reaction
all right guys don't forget we love you
remember what each other doesn't mean
you get it yes I'll be the hand that you
can hold when you can't make it on your
own I promise you and
we're in this together
and we can't say
they look good or simple
