Tiffany has a really rude awakening this
morning who did that I mean it has a new
hobby of closing doors hello
good morning guys Symphony has a really
rude awakening this morning it's pretty
crazy
I was walking into the bedroom together
just started barking at me and then I
just started screaming he was like who
who is that I think it's it because Oreo
is barking this was like because like
she snuck up on Oreo that's what
happened dude pjsait brave I mean what
there's already signs okay roses brave
when I'm says cool kid
I need more snacks is born to lead
no no no no
it's lunchtime look at this tiny little
thing she's so petite with her little
shoulders in there you're tiny oh my
goodness do we ever get tired of that
laughs never never you need a shoulder
sauce oh you did I didn't know that
Juliet Tower and a homemade lunch table
she had some crackers but ate them all
she has string cheese Turkey and apples
what you me do what you make me do what
you just made me do look would you to
see me and back to lunch time with
Juliet she is eating a pickled green
beans who loves pickles just like
symphony does and mommy oh yeah oh yeah
she's having a dance party well she's
eating today for some reason
no it's time for me to pick up our bug I
have lots of things to do today
I was wrangled into doing another round
of traffic today I normally don't do
this day grab of go get that done
why'd you get ready well Riley its
Riley's birthday and we see who is that
I know nice joke a day at school I'm at
Sandy's that's wrong
she does know that's right he's gonna
watch the little ones while I do my
traffic duty
cincin he's excited she's home from
school and I surprised her with a
playdate with Tuffy it says after school
how was it today guys weight-wise our
toilet paper at the table this is
awkward
who did that swear one click to get a
number I go eight times okay
I do two three four five yes player two
it's your turn to get a number even push
the date open it this one is from amber
Yates this one is from Jennifer of
Crowley it says to Sammy is hip knee
neighbor she sent me a birthday packet
it might be for all of us to share or
with my ever
you got wow that's pretty nobody what is
that it's a shirt he's gave you
guys a big old kiss and I gotta clean it
up so this is from Embree 8 she watched
a video I made on Nia's nest where I
confess that I did not always loved the
lularoe which is a very popular thing
right now and she picked me up an outfit
for lularoe anyways I totally loved it
and I actually am a new fan of the
lularoe style well most of them
especially these two pieces because my
friend isn't selling them and I really
like these two pieces so thank you for
thinking of me and knowing my style for
me dude can I have this this is really
cool oh can I try no first how do you
know how to try it on these come on
let's just at least let Daddy have a
chance come on I was working on my shed
last night guys an Oreo attack something
on the other side of our fence and it
sounded like demon I mean it's like dogs
and you're wrestling around these and
stuff like I'm staying here
hey that guy oh me oh my look at your
mirror Reese's white chocolate mini cups
are those for me Idaho Idaho spud bye oh
we're cool Idaho pain oh my goodness I
have never had white chocolate Reese's
they're so good
thank you so much to whoever sends this
awesome box of goodies on yeah I feel
stuffs for you well thank you so much
game changer I'm getting ready to make
my nightly tea latte and I'm using a
milk frother I've had this I know
probably like a year I'll let you guys
know how it works later on by tomorrow
I'm gonna be feeling like completely
back to normal I'm seriously just
praying for that you other parents out
there will understand when you have
multiple kids even one I just have no
time to be sick for the most part I've
been up and at it and going going going
all day for the last like what does it's
been two and a half three days now and
punches my body can't take any more I'm
so so tired I will see you guys tomorrow
hopefully re-energize don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
I'll be the hand that you get home when
you can't make it on your own I promise
you and not
but in this together
