Sara and I are gonna take a few pictures
we're gonna do a little mini photo shoot
I thought I was gonna die by hitting you
selling funny story I just I decided be
worth vlogging it just in case
well anyway Mia put some earrings under
a mattress at a hotel to keep them safe
and I lift it up why did she put two
separate earrings under a mattress until
I'm gonna put these in so she doesn't
lose them birthday was just coming up to
30 all the big three oh look what you
made me do oh look what she just made me
do
oh hey Sara
welcome to Forney is this your first
time here yeah how was it a bad Drive no
wasn't a bad nice lady oh my gosh your
kids talk so cute
oh I love it where are you baby there
she is
Sara and I are gonna take a few pictures
we're gonna do a little mini photo shoot
and I'm Ricky my tea latte today if you
guys don't follow me on Instagram
well then you didn't see me making my
own tea latte last night but it's really
really really really really good I'm
gonna perfect this part
look at my cute little baby she like so
cute sitting there
coffee in the morning afternoon in the
evening and a night
welcome to the real world insane take
you I do that cookie that makes my lunch
about over there she's always reaching
for something what is it you need you
have all these chips can I have one can
I have this one
mmm-hmm serious how you guys doing today
Abram is playing Mario Kart I don't
understand what happened Avery we got
first place one time at Mario Kart he
hasn't got it sent like he haven't
gotten close since I love you money
check this out look what everyone we're
not wearing today
Captain America shirts and camouflage
pants that was not our purpose I dress
myself and he addressed him this morning
I dressed myself
are you getting a dress myself oh gosh
so quick it smells like poopoo
you smell like poop we'll let you go go
who's Mel and poopoo get your dough
loving your horse how long ago was that
oh that's probably like 10 yeah we're so
baby there's a good you this is
precisely at Christmas
can you guys tell what I got Andrew for
Christmas uncle Matthew
wow you look young he looks so different
now definitely Michael another of Andrew
you look so different there it looks
like a sweet guy still again sweet more
there's your mom is veg what I've gotta
have that poster up there I don't know
oh yeah there's tons of me that picture
up there how's my favorite picture of me
Oh
I was I think I was like 15 maybe just
turned 16 and I was in numerous science
or biology or something I was doing kind
of my hand on the only no electric ball
and made her hair all stick out and she
looked so adorable oh my whoa me
pregnant what somebody what said well
baked I remember that night you guys
doing though yeah I was getting creative
right here is so funny we hit all her
different looks all succeed in Matthews
31st birthday listen Matthew said this
with that one time see I'm almost killed
me by texting and driving I was texting
right there guys I hit that guard or a
guardrail smashed right into it that was
a really scary period of my life I
thought for sure I was gonna die right
before I hit that grab rail because I
told me I told several people before
that happened that I feel like I was
gonna die by hitting one of those
guardrails and sure enough that day it
was coming right at me I looked up from
my phone like an idiot and I had two
tires in the grass I couldn't get back
on the road and it was just coming I was
going straight for it there's nothing I
could do and straight into I thought for
sure I was dead we hit the guardrail was
all dusty inside and I was like oh my
gosh we'll be okay we're gonna serve us
dinner like that was like you okay you
okay what could even see each other so
dusty and the airbags roll in our face
and in red I've learned my lesson don't
text and drive kids don't do it you
might not be so lucky I have to go to
traffic now she's not allowed to go I
tried to get out of this one today you
guys it just didn't happen so here I am
off to go do truck kids in the car
safely and wherever I yellowest
oh so that brings new basketball hoop
right here came up with a new game let's
shoot the swing we're just hanging
outside Winfred is sitting arrived from
school there's something just so cute
about Abraham's shorts under high up
it's like so innocent you know and like
he's so unaware of how like nerdy it
looks which is adorable because looks
don't really matter and it can teach us
something about how appearances
shouldn't matter and I just I love it I
love look at him when he had the short
straw she rolls off the bench she does
she wants of injury oh look at her
little nose guys you know wait you for
what do you need back there's nothing in
that back
and the kiddush smile can be smile Oh
every smile you engage my oh there it is
what's up man
what don't snow again I got you baby I'm
here yeah it's just an idea
mi just nice he's our friend we're off
to the candy store the whole
neighborhood is going Elijah
Avram symphony and me ever you hold it
on down there
yeah look that way collages are you
gonna make it on that thing sure
what are we doing going candy shopping
yeah this is the candy store
there it is guys look at huge selection
you want to get a cup ball machine nice
Troy you got a grenade don't throw it
anybody can you are gone dude that's
cool all right put up there buddy oh
it's a little basketball machine oh yeah
you shoot the little balls into the
basketball hoop and then you earned it
um that's cool down there you can't eat
it till you make one in the bath you got
to shoot them make sure you hold it down
for me oh it got one no you got to get
your own that one's mine we'll say
something later how these worms can I
try one you guys aren't even seen your
gum all the way at least get you know
great not even keeping it in their mouth
to chew and a little bit spit him out
here's the collection do you want it Oh
that's true we can put different kind of
candy in there you could put meatballs
in there like little meatballs and you
can play bass called meatballs I never
tell you hope you get to eat a meatball
well we put your meatballs and your
basketball ooh how about we put peas in
there yeah sure it's keep rolling
come back come back oh she did it she's
worn out and just fell today it feels
like one of the first of all days we've
had here actually yesterday yesterday I
was looking out the window and I saw the
leaves falling out the trees in the
backyard looks like summer is about to
end it's kind of sad because well I had
some plans for summer and I don't think
it's going to happen no are you crazy
okay oh wow the kids are all gone doing
their little walk and their little
adventure today Juliet took her little
mini evening that we need to get her up
by the way and I was just cleaning up
around the house it was quiet
it was totally reminiscent when
synchrony very first started school and
she would come home in the evening
sometimes Sam we take them on their
little bike ride and I would clean up
such a nostalgic feeling and dinners
here
I use all my soup ingredients last night
to make chicken noodle soup that's when
I first started policing and I really
should have not made so much so that I
can have a lot more tonight I didn't
have some for lunch
but it's just one of those times when
it's really hard for me to like get into
the cooking zone my head has stopped up
I'm blowing my nose every two seconds
which isn't gonna be washing my hands
every two seconds just you guys we're
just gonna do pizza tonight I know it's
not the best when you're feeling sick
but other than cooking I did the two
medium two topping pizza so I've got ham
and pineapple in that way and on this
one I added a few extra on one side for
daddy so they've got pepperoni and
sausage and then all the supreme goodies
on the other side yes these are the best
little garlic bites and then this is the
cinnamon bite let's wake up this little
cutie I think someone's feeling sick
like mama baby
she's patting my back you guys can't see
it is just totally padded my backpack Oh
solid you here the kids are back don't
you I hope these are the paper plates
that I forgot it's symphony of birthday
party this summer we're just gonna take
advantage and you have some pizza all
them
this is Juliet's first time eating
cut-up pizza instead of just eating the
topping or like the crust all broken up
I actually cut a whole piece of pizza up
for her we'll see how much she can eat
she's totally eating the toppings
awesome I see check out your plate yes a
paint plate and you get to do a little
homework okay the kids don't know what
song I've chosen you're ready to do your
hand motions jesus loves me this I know
for the Bible tells me so little ones to
him belong they are weak but he is
strong yes jesus loves me I don't I'm
ready to do it in Chapel I think so too
hey guys what's up I'm just cleaning my
room now the kids are all in bed
although it has been an hour since
everyone liked to bed maybe a little
more
I just went back there and I heard a
murmur making noise so I wanted to check
on him seems like he's about to fall
asleep but he just sings and talks until
he gets quiet he was working over there
anyways comment of the day comes from
country girl y'all should probably have
another extra house key mate lol
waterpark look bye love you guys that is
so true we should have another new maid
think of that we should give one to our
neighbors Blaine and Sally I really
think it's time we do that we've locked
ourselves out of the house like twice
just this month more than once when
we've gone away or gotten out of tailing
for a while I mean there's just too much
anyways guys I'm feeling a little bit
better we're gonna go try my hand on
another tea latte here in a minute
follow me on instagram you see the
progress of my tea lattes I've been
doing my stories on that anyways we'll
see you guys tomorrow don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
I'll be the hand that you can hold when
you can't make it on your own I promise
you and not alone
but in this together
oh no no my bellybutton no put it away
you don't inside out
