we're about to change the game of
salmony a channel I've been wanting to
start a blog and not doing here because
it seemed like a really hard task
together good morning good morning are
you all ready
that's emoji a band good morning Wales
are you you bet I can go sit in the back
yeah know what up Fanta to be to the a
to the SSE
noon I have some big plans today let's
hit the Cape it's cool we're about to
change the game of the Sam and Nia
channel we you can help us when you get
home later working on some websites do
you know what a website is and we're
just going to make it easier for the fam
basic to have access to a lot of
different avenues that we're creating
have them ready bud
there are more huge things that I've
been wanting to go live with for so long
super excited about it and with that
being said video sponsored my WIPs comm
they're helping us to get fam basic org
available to get salmon Ian Khama
available and to get Nia's blog
available and also to get merchandise
available
honey I'm home let's do it so we have
chosen wits calm to organize all our
sites that we're going to be showing you
guys including merch law did you guys
been asking for money for a very long
time Nia just started her own blog and
she can talk to you guys about how
simple it is been wanting to start a
blog and not doing it because it seemed
like a really hard task to do so I
checked out Wix to see what it was all
about and it was actually really easy
and very professional-looking
clean design just had exactly what I was
looking for and envisioning for my blog
we have Nia's little site here at
narrator org or on Wix comm and we have
salmon iya calm now I've already created
the website because I wanted to show you
guys how fast and easy it is to create
it so I'm going to show you guys right
here so let me show you some of the
details of the website now you go to San
Mateo calm you get to this beautiful Wix
website you want to go to our channel
you could click here if you wanna go to
spam basic daughter work what just still
in the works but it's coming up really
soon
I'll have to connect a merch store a
little bit later on today because right
now it's not finished it's going to be
finished today though when you guys see
it
it's called me right there at school and
she's missing them so much oh my
goodness thank you baby
don't you so you could just grab stuff
move it around it's that easy
scoot some things over here scoot that
thing there and this thing here news
blog and then it's as simple as adding
the link to where you want that button
to go publish make that life you have
news boy right there our Channel
fantastic go to work in a merch store
football news blog and there it is news
blog my total eclipse experience
I want to encourage all of you if you
have an idea that you're not sure what
to do with it yet you should definitely
create your own website especially
nowadays with everything going online
it's important to have your own space
you may not have the idea yet but it
might come to you later on maybe you
need a place to store your resume maybe
you have a hobby and you'd like a side
income you can create your own shop
through Wix it's just such a good place
you could document your childbirth
experience your baby shower your wedding
different things like that asks you like
what kind of website are you wanting to
create mine was a blog obviously does
your website need any of the following
I chose get subscribers what is the name
of your blog a website yeah
welcome to me here it is first version
of your homepage and just like that I am
a blogger and I love it
what's the airplane start with look
who's home and his first request painful
and his teachers made him a paper
airplane at school but Abrams said it
does it really fly try float away you
fold it away
yep all right what wouldn't make him a
special airplane today that's not like
fast this one it was created all the way
yep
footage is about lunch today why mostly
the whole time they were all being rude
to Sophie well well it was actually kind
of funny when Sophie was doing what was
she doing she's like so what do you
think of these designs laughs how many
are there how many designs do we have
can you tell him two three I mean which
one your favorite style my favorite are
those our only colors we have yes for
now that one Michelle yeah that one's my
favorite it's so simple but I love that
color I'll show you guys my favorite
that one's my favorite you gara yeah
same one in yellow so when you guys are
looking at cool websites look for this
at the bottom or the top crater with
wicks calm and that's it guys we have
cemani up and lied you can go there
check out fambissig dog or Nia's blog
our channel and our merchandise store
right now all thanks to Wix calm guys if
you're looking to make a website for
anything from a resume to just a
personal profile of yourself which is
the place to go we leave a link in the
description just click on that and go
create your guy selves a website it's
actually free to start you won't regret
it and thanks to Wix for sponsoring
today's video don't forget guys we love
you and remember to like to make a
website I'll be
and that you can't hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone puttin this together
I see you
