let's have a great family day together
good morning fantastic the family has
conceived we're on our way to go pick up
Nana we're going to Dallas to have our
little Labor Day party with Matthew and
Andrea at the hilt if they rinse it or
Matt's friend rented out a Cabana girl
Nia drives I'm gonna do some editing
it's gonna be a fun day right honey
let's have a great family day you ready
for this buddy ready for a mermaid out
there yeah
so this is like outside the hotel it's
kind of like a mini waterpark I've even
notice existed not too far from my house
everyone's free you're a free man that's
so cool we get to do one more little
experience or event with Abram before he
turns four to kind of experience his
baby's life and just a few weeks is
gonna be four and he won't count as the
freebie in the family it'll just be
Juliette she'll be a lap baby for just a
few more months well I guess almost a
year should be a lot maybe it's kind of
crazy you when you have to start paying
for your kids to go to things you really
realize how much older they're getting
and that they're not babe you follow
Andrea to the cabana hope I see
Christina I see John I see Uncle Matt
hey guys thank you for inviting us this
is wonderful they have a little baby oh
my goodness
it scared me
Joey broke
okay would you dump those fambissig
that's a fan basic yeah guys let's go
guys come on we're taking a little break
having someone
I'm really scared are you scared
which one's the scariest
all right
a big chill a pitch out it is going to
do it he's going do it love it
it wasn't scary at all
you ready to get in line here we go this
way that's okay we'll go up in line
together
I talked to Stephanie into going on the
big clash with me
we're headed out of here now everybody's
splitting up kind of sad not doing
Andrea or going back to their show here
we are taking mom with us tomorrow you
gonna do you with us yeah tore up the GC
time to say goodbye to this beautiful
resort old thing about coming back here
for our anniversary say it for a couple
days
look at this baby hey she has a little
tantric so beautiful
discrimination you've got the boys dress
different than the girls that's true hey
room come on guys put your pink dress on
we're at GC guys it's been over a month
since we've had GC first because we're
travelling and then we took a month off
everybody that just for everybody took a
break and I guess recharge why did we
take a break then it's compassion
burnout and you know we started wait is
that your truck back there whose
Mayflower
that's the pilgrims my dad used to drive
that truck brought the Mayflower Hey
Chinese food what's up Tim we had to
Tim's in one place that is so cool for
some nice so hi Jennifer
yeah everyone was so proud that he
picked the dog give me a big hug
oh cool bug you've been really brave
today can I sit with you guys I'm not
used to sitting at the cool table this
is what we do here what do you guys do
at the cool table
Andreea it's been a while now Andrea how
you doing we've missed you around here
see you guys hi Lucy you want a bite I
didn't think that happened but I guess
you can't come you're so cute what did
you see that mouth
walked out of our house again we keep
you switching our keys from Keith from
keychain a keychain and yeah okay first
all right here we go let's go trends
you guys what are you guys doing on my
porch well you're awfully cute you come
on right in now I'll take her
what are you Oh take you to so thankful
that we got in our house it is 9:43
everyone's in bed we're all getting
ready to just wind down for the night so
I'm gonna do comment of the day and I
think you guys are gonna like it but
it's gonna require a little bit of work
on your part you guys ready to do some
work
all right comment of the day goes to
Maddie PO Sam and Nia and J house need
to do Roman Atwoods youtuber derby check
out his Twitter for more info hashtag
fan basic like this so they can see it
please PS can this become of the day yes
it can and you guys heard it from here
go tweet Roman Atwood and let him know
that Sam from Sammy Nia should be a
driver in his demolition derby we'll see
you guys tomorrow and don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
I'll be the hand that you can hold when
you can't make it on your own I promise
you
we're in this together
and we can't say
okay snap done snap time nappy nappy
nappy
