I guess the kids keep picking me flowers
it's okay guys you're gonna be starting
an Easter project so basically we're
going to supply this together good
morning guys we're enjoying some outside
time and I'm gonna take this little mug
of flowers outside because the kids keep
picking me flowers it's so sweet are
those for me I'm gonna put it in my
little car Saturday Oh they died I had
to get rid of thing oh thank you Bobby
hi symphony I mean nice Bubba I have got
to say guys March and April and even the
beginning of May are like the best
months in Texas also the end of
September and October and November all
the other ones it's too hot and too cold
but I'm so glad that we're finally to
this weather it's like we're out of the
dark zone like it's 9 o'clock in the
morning right now yeah and we are
outside playing that would never have
happened then two weeks ago because it
was breathing and I don't like the cold
at all we can go oh thank you so pretty
he is oh thank you so much Wow
oh my goodness it's so big thank you
sweetie I love it thank you
no drop it in on the side please honey
right in that little slot thank you sir
great job oh yeah hey do you think you
could find me more yellow ones thank you
sweetie you can put them in where you
think they look best
it looks pretty
you got more yellows thank you oh wow oh
it's interesting there's daddy oh my
gosh oh my gosh daddy's gonna come home
wanting to move it's beautiful
this is house done in Pennsylvania -
what ice whoa guys I love you the TV
made it I'm happy for you
oh wait baby did it shut up said already
there
you guys been wrapped it up oh he was so
concerned about the TV the whole trip
poor guy and sad look at this beautiful
neighborhood guys it's just unbelievable
not sure what it looks like without the
snow but this snow tends to make
anything beautiful this isn't a new
house
okay guys we are gonna be starting an
Easter project today and we're not going
to finish it all in one day we're going
to spread it out over the next probably
win and so we won't know exactly what
we're making until we're all done with
it all are you guys ready to start part
1 okay
Symphony is big so she gets to kind of
do hers on her own I want you to draw
your hand four times or as many times as
you can on that paper trace your hand
Abram this is your paper and you're
sharing this one with Jules and I'm
gonna help you trace your hand because
we have to trace it really straight okay
Jozy your turn can you put your hands on
the paper please Oh
all right we will continue with this
tomorrow so here's the front door
somebody I'm headed up the stairs
I see the bedrooms are it's mine he's
bedroom I mean he's in a matter better
in the master bedroom this really cool
mirror just really interesting wallpaper
love the blinds that match perfectly the
wallpaper
this is a walk-in closet Amanda's
wedding dress there's a bedroom really
cool spot
here's the doors in the attic beautiful
mural house bathroom here you guys gotta
see to believe
but his toilet is unbelievable it's
pretty made from the toys he happens
house the best friend has two of the
best ones I've ever seen a house so this
some one-piece American Standard play
that over the school it's in good shape
I love that color all right let's take a
tour of the downstairs where I do some
unloading here we're unloading in this I
guess kind of like a formal living here
yeah I got a lot of built-in shelving
there's one side of the fireplace let me
put this here this is the living room
a lot of carrot cars you can see a lot
of pieces going on in here I love this I
guess compass that actually moves going
here and you got the four year or the
dining area
and then you got a kitchen right here
behind me kinda reminds me of like a
pizzeria it's gonna be a wood fire so
you pick your pizza and you know this is
a little sunroom in here a lot of French
doors on the house which is really cool
this is like third set of French doors
it's a small space as a brick floor and
it's natural wood walls is that cool
and then the antique doorbell this is
our Christmas tree man bring it to the
garage you gotta come out
so the other bathroom is right here test
at the dining room
pick up that totally guys porcelain
doesn't it look like a creamer coffee
creamer at the bottom you guys are gonna
check this out - this is by far the
creepiest part more loss
they down here this is the basement
furnace water heater full door this is a
suite space right okay guys I hate to do
this to you two days in a row but it's
day two of wearing Big Sisters old dress
we're going to a Mickey Mouse birthday
party so I thought what better time to
wear this Mickey Mouse dress I actually
sewed this this is an old t-shirt of
Symphony's and I bought this fabric and
Bebo helped me we sewed it together hey
guys can y'all take this in together
Kade its maverick oh my gosh girls I
forgot I was gonna get to see y'all
today I've had such an annoying
afternoon here say be so good at
transforming the house looks like a
party area I see you washed your hair I
gave her a blowout
come it's been like five years since
I've seen you I was looking great I miss
you
hey get a straw me go take a drink well
the baby escaped from the party all the
big kids are outside just so cute she
saw Abram out here it's just heat all
the other consumers she's like bah bah
play
play so I had to let her escape
symphonies playing with Kaede that's so
cute
Juliet just reached in to maverick
tuckered her lips blue some kisses and
then like did this like come on oh no
she's not
he's like nothing I think that's right
buddy that's the way to be that's right
you keep that up mister well done
unpacking he doesn't feel good
cool man check out this fixture guys did
he give you the combination by any
chance no yeah I think there's a fortune
in there
a bunch of ashes oh it's a grandpa's
ashes man those are earned in there a
couple of the ashes you think those are
it's like that person probably those
people they murdered in the basement man
that's why I guess is a good deal in
this house just the company's like oh my
god I'm gonna pull up its the fence yeah
not the house though just the fence
should I keep going just keep going
me I have to admit I'm a little bit
impressed with that dog
don't shoot her she leaned up from again
we have a fishy your sister you're doing
good I debated building the scooter
before I wrapped it and then open it I
almost built it for you I'm so glad I
didn't this is way more fun I made it
from the slide we got it's a bear mask
of some sort
okay let go I think wow dude you look so
cute oh my hardest think it's a happier
head it was perfect
we are on our way to the airport our
flight is at five o'clock and our
arrival time is 446 14 minutes for
security check in and first make it
downtown so basically we're going to
miss our flight
city United right
Wow flight is delayed I think our plans
about the board our flight was delayed
by an hour absolutely perfect so that
only gives us 30 minutes though at the
next airport to go from we have a
delayed Chicago to go from our flight to
the next flight we made it we can make
this one we can make that one we're
making hold up roll baby
we'll see that happen yeah that's a good
one haha yeah I don't know if I'm ready
to go to the ultimate house actually I'm
always burning he up good point man
Keith I have an open seat over here kind
of wanted to keep it for myself you see
Haggai everyone's in bed the day is
coming to a close but I am logging
reading time for symphony how adorable
was the cheeseball video you guys we had
so much fun filming it and watching you
back has just been such a joy it's just
so exciting that we did that it's
something we've talked about doing many
many times and you guys know that we
like to fill our pool and our trampoline
up with crazy things and this was just
kind of like a random semi
spur-of-the-moment thing that we just
thought let's just go for it we keep
saying we're gonna do let's just do it
and stop overthinking everything so it
was great but anyway comment of the day
goes to Renae Cooley when you get that
dirty it means you had the most fun I
love that comment it's so true
especially when you're playing with your
kids the dirtier we are at the end of
the day the more fun more life we lived
and that is always a good thing
so thank you guys all for watching thank
you for all of your love on our
cheeseball video if you haven't seen the
cheeseball video we'll put a card to it
here or a link down below something
along those lines you guys have got to
go check it out the kids were absolutely
adorable they were competitive in
different challenges we did and it was
just great we will see you tomorrow and
we should all be reunited again as one
big happy family
you don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other well guys I
made it back from Texas I'm on my way
home right now I've ever seen goodbye to
heat and I'm really sad
I have like this deep sadness in me
right now
I'll see you guys tomorrow
the big hands are going to over to
Nana's for the afternoon
playtime kill you guys hi tuna an
overdose did you give you happiness
Wow
