something's going on over here that's
Trump coming you're not gonna believe
this
so the president was going to church
right there I sure I'm gonna miss this
view look at this
guys it's just magnificent out here you
see that Jefferson Memorial out there
the Washington Memorial something's
going on over here that's Trump coming
through
they can't tell me anyway like this
whole road is blocked off can't follow
out back there we are in the center of
the blocked off area that's pretty cool
Secret Service guy what if he sees me
but we doesn't shoot me might shoot me
why is it a red laser on my chest guys
all these people are checking us out
they keep looking up here no we're all
seriously just looking up for your house
and there's a Secret Service guy on the
White House roof like guys Trump is in
one of those black cars look how many
there are
it's crazy Varya Trump you get your
camera take a picture get all those cars
Secret Service guys are just staring at
us though makes me nervous there's a
porters up there and me so please open
your doors might be coming out later
thought were the press is going know
they're getting ready honey
he's coming out that all the cameras are
up and ready you got to be kidding me
wait he's already home yeah of course he
first came home last night
what are they going getting in advance I
thought they were getting ready to film
what is happening here I'm just looping
around what's in that van cameraman or
wave or something I think you're gonna
get one of those SUVs a few moments
later
false alarm guys Trump is not coming
through here it's all back to normal the
motorcade is gone traffic is back in
place they went around the corner they
were just parked there getting ready to
go pick him up somewhere call home I got
a beautiful I can't have two you can't
you want to cut this one day short it's
all your fault that way mr. song
tell me that I play in front of humans
yes I was nervous about my milk supply
drying out from Juliet so we cut the
trip about a day short it's hard to
leave your baby when you're
breastfeeding
thank you for surprising me so much you
have one more surprise that we're gonna
stay one more night
oh you're not gonna believe this
so the president was going to church
right there in this church right across
the street from our hotel that's what
was happening this morning and we were
trying to debate should we go downstairs
and try to get a view you were like no
we have this balconies surely if he
comes out from somewhere we will see him
right here instead of downstairs and now
we're finding out now that we're down
here that how do we come down we could
have stepped outside the door we go to
Athena I'm going to church this is the
corner and I was all blocked off and
that's the church who is that me and I
even talked about going there
off the Texas guys you missed the kiss
honey yeah
right at home it should be there this
evening I said as if kids doing kisses
you guys have figured it out by now I am
terrified of landing it was pretty bumpy
though I have to say this is the first
time we've set this close to the front
traveling there and back don't you feel
like the ferns a little bumpier
they save it I just thought like throw
it my hands so many times I didn't even
was like what it's doing I guess and
everyone around these always so calm
they're not even their hands aren't even
up on the little nerve-wracking
not even nerve-wracking that was such a
good trip you guys super excited that we
are going to see the kids
and I'm ready
detectives heat is no joke forget about
it every time we go on a trip and I come
back and I'm like I'm already like well
three Mexicans get that feeling
something like shriveling it up in like
faking it yeah cuz I come
so there's Juliet walking around outside
and they're sipping me over there in her
tree come wit Abram doing over here
okay so Tammany are gonna be home in
just a few minutes so this is my last
time watching the kid it's Rachel's here
right now and Andrea had to go 13:41 out
come on Sony and I have been trying
really hard to stop buying the kids toys
random toys toys outside of their
birthday and stuff like that so we get
them books and everything did you get me
a toy so you'll see it's a Batmobile
your mom will get you bad off
it says Washington DC you favor got a
big pin to Washington DC don't draw on
the walls okay guys oh yeah good night
Washington DC that's your baby
that's yours you like that book
you got searching fine loose in
Washington DC
Mama's cooking everybody dinner soon as
she gets home she's so sweet the White
House yeah that's his house right no
that's where he lives
Julia was that good was it good if she
sees after dinner that's a very good
sign
that's right you guys we are right back
at the grind I've got my laundry Sam's
working over here for you guys and I'm
gonna do comment of the day it comes
from Shayna submit a salmon yeah I live
by the DC area and I was just thinking
that if you had any free time an awesome
thing to do in DC is to see the
monuments at night I'm so sad I couldn't
see you guys at playlist I love you guys
so get back to me if you see this Shana
I have to say seeing some of the
monuments at night was like a bucket
list thing for me a new bucket list
thing I didn't know it was on my bucket
list until we went to DC and everybody
was saying Cristina and I got to see it
at night but unfortunately we didn't get
to do that one day though hopefully
we'll go back and see them it is just
one of those things where it feels like
well we kinda already saw that so we
should be seeing something else you're
doing something different than going
back to that the first time that we're
there so hopefully we can just go back
someday I would love to tour the inside
of the Capitol see the monuments at
night go inside the Smithsonian or like
a portion of it go in the monument I
didn't know you could go in the
Washington Monument had no idea but we
did go there that's where we were biking
I just don't think you guys saw any of
that footage but anyways we'll see you
guys tomorrow we have a really fun day
planned for Memorial Day we're gonna be
spending it with family a really cool
place that we never been before I think
it's gonna be awesome so we'll see you
guys there don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other I'll be the
hand that you can hold when you can't
make it on you
I promise you and not alone but in this
together
we can't say
your mom we got you bad come on look
