we're on our way downstairs for a
private tour around Washington just her
and I massive everything in here is
ginormous
she's cooking it on negative 19 degrees
in this together I love you check out my
room guys I'm really not used to wearing
ropes I actually never wear those but I
did a pretty his birthday she told me to
put it on happy birthday honey Here I am
happy birthday um so we have breakfast
under here okay
Oh silverware come on Sam get it
together geez I'm sorry this is
embarrassing
Sam do they bring a cute I don't believe
so many more let's do this
we're on our way downstairs for a
private tour around Washington just her
and I this pouring out so it's perfect
that we chose a private tour want to go
to the Lincoln Memorial the Jefferson
Memorial I want to go to the Capitol
building and look up to the Washington
Monument even though I went there
yesterday I want to go everywhere I just
want to go to all of them
so this is our tour guard Peppe yes oh
hi guys you don't want it right now
we're off to go see the helicopter that
sitting in the White House they are the
lawn of the White House South Lawn of
the White House they don't want you to
take pictures at the Pentagon can't take
pictures of outside gotta go no how do
they stop people if you took a picture
right now and they they see you taking
the picture then they'll stop the car
built
then stop the car and they'll ask you
for your phone or your camera and
they'll go through your camera no no
they'll go through your camera and any
picture that you took of the Pentagon
it's gotta be building what about video
video see what we can do is this can I
can't film it from right here
no no not at all
so there are arranged according to age
so the youngest victims hunters first
little benches here this is H line zero
this is when the attack happen here this
line here where the plane came down
there are H lines so there's this H line
0 nine thirty seven in the morning was
when the plane hits the Pentagon so this
is the name of the youngest victim right
here in the airplane dana Falkenberg you
see him and the rest of the family that
was with her in the plane oh my god are
listed on the bottom so Leslie does the
mother Charles the father and Zoey the
sister which was the second youngest
victim in the attack is next door if I'm
reading Dana's name I actually fixed in
the path of the plane if you read the
names of the victims that died inside of
the Pentagon you're actually facing oh
that's why you see some of the babies
just face the Pentagon and some of them
face away from the Pentagon we are now
at the Arlington National Cemetery how
many acres 624 acres of headstones
there's more people out here than
headstones you got families like this
one here his son is buried on top of
them this is the memorial for the
unknown soldiers of over 100 over to
Vietnam and the creamy one there's a
soldier up there you're gonna take 21
steps so soldier stop and look and they
do that
24/7 dream to shoot photos so crazy
guessing me out the door
today's the teachers birthday who's in
the Challenger same birthdays you honey
Penny's birthday honey happy birthday
it's a good day for a tour of time but
in this contact it's really slow there's
not very many people here it's just easy
to get around
this is the eternal flame that's
continuously burning and this is the
memorial at fairs okay that's what my
Lincoln King did as I have a dream
speech this is the for skumps pot -
right we wanted to re-enact that scene
you have me a run through there okay and
look in the back of Lincoln's head
somebody's profile profile of another
person oh wow who's a so what they say
is
Cemetery on i-20
yeah
here both read the same Bible pray to
the same God and it may seem strange
that any men
dare to ask the discogs assistants so
pipping worked address what is this this
is the second link in second in that
most basic and I refuse
they made mistake in future the guy who
carves us but it right there instead of
that absolute authority guys everything
in here is massive look at that little
sections in the column my head fits in
between
if you think when you see in pictures
it's just a regular color
massive everything in here is ginormous
this statue pictures and seen in history
books and everything it just does no
justice oh my goodness and you see the
capital the capital the Washington
Monument have the Library of Congress on
the background to the right the Council
of the Smithsonian across the bridge
that is the robert e lee house and right
in here is the profile the back of
Lincoln's head that Sam was just showing
you guys it's just this whole big long
story you guys should google it amazing
that's his house up there on the very
top of the hill
so amazing honor they enjoy the
resolution okay so good morning
everybody this is Saturday and I am
getting ready to go on my walk as if
he's gonna write a bite and stay with me
and the other kids are gonna stay home
Matthew's hair playing with the kids
let's go see what math is doing good
morning have you woman good morning gave
them a little Julia yes he's playing
Christmas gifts with Abram and now let's
go see what Andrea is going with
Symphony let's see what's going on here
morning Andrea she's fixing soup eating
right here I cried for her bike ride
which is such a big help because if he's
here will not be there face Thank You
Andrea
we
you know it we're here oh hey I'm Sam
from Sam Ania oh my god or should I get
a picture
vision a picture what's your name
you're here to meet some of our fans
some of our fan basic hey guys hey
what's your name hey
we found you Julia hey Julia where are
you from I'm from Pennsylvania I drove
200 hours yes to come to playlist yes
Wow save my babysitting
that's all I wanted to get for me and my
dad to come are y'all from DC
yeah sure
it says melody melody Symphony this is
melody your name twin hey girl are you
what's your name hey scarlet your name's
what's your name Valerie hold are you
today
kind of
birthday or special
hey how are you good oh I can't stop
watching you nervous I love that here
you go Sam that's the way to do it are
you having a good time yeah are you guys
yeah are you from here on so thank you I
mean is over so we're gonna wait in
Jeremy's line are you guys alright
I wanna meet Jeremy so most people don't
know this but we sign our names together
whoever goes first will do the and signs
likes a man or I'll do an Mia so he's
trying to like make it tricky for me
trade ain't nothing by the same
okay so we're outside and we're gonna go
see what the kids are doing oh let the
only ones in the baby see hey Abram what
are you doing he's swinging and Juliet's
swing and andrea has the patience to
push him and here's little Juliet okay
let's go fight sissy at you Oh
guys they're stiffening Jimmy drop
something bro you got it okay cuz it you
need help you just standing there
we found a little nook here I see code
ice-cream rolls we're doing ice cream
with J house again I don't know what it
is with J house and ice cream but she's
cooking it on negative 19 degrees
you got strawberry I got like this jello
jellies no I just don't know what to do
right now I wish I could pick them up
though you know yes so they put them on
a plate
I would love to bite into it but you
can't just take it's like eating ice
cream channeling my inner tub flavor
it's blows take a bite Jeremy let's see
it
here's allergic reaction Wow
so the toasted marshmallow has like a
I've never had it uber driver honk at me
I kept honking at me the family just
sent us this picture of Juliet I don't
even know what you'd think I can't even
handle myself looking at her you just
want to squeeze her and kiss her and
smell that's pretty cool
White House those really easy scavenger
Shh guys yes sleepy I get the common
today guys take a night and the
battery's down here comment of the day
goes to Gen Kirk are y'all probably
should explain why Nia said y'all
weren't going in DC but y'all did we
decided to go to DC because I couldn't
cancel the flight tickets in order to
cancel them it had to be a medical
reason in order to get a full refund and
there were expensive tickets and I don't
want to lose that on all that money so
we decided to go and I talked her into
it she really didn't want to go now she
wishes she had to stay one more day
that's why though thanks for letting us
clear that up we'll catch you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other I'll be the
hand that you get home when you can't
make it on your own
I promise you and not alone puttin this
together
back to that eber life how did you like
your old ice cream you liked it
you've had your old ice cream before sir
yeah it's so good huh we just have it
for the present wait
