you're not gonna make it not gonna make
Oh isn't that so sweet Sam you just
think of everything
are you kidding me and I are making the
best of this trip we're lucky man they
had two lights sitting outside the hotel
we'd have to worry about trying to find
a room over there oh and go have
breakfast late breakfast
you do proceed Oh big and after I got
all the photos breakfast was delish but
now it's time for dessert after
breakfast look at my cute little mini
tarts they're so tiny get them in my
hand little bitty things run on 21st
lemon or salted caramel we are back on
our bikes and we are just pedaling
around in front of the White House you
wants to go say hi to The Secret Service
I don't know why
have you met you we work out here with
the dog
we'll make it
appreciate you guys protecting us out
here look at this place man this is a
really beautiful city I'm like really
impressed by this place so beautiful
just so clean
everything looks pristine people look
nice this woman here is beautiful are
you guys gonna make it through there
you're not gonna make it are you kidding
my handlebars got me hit the brake right
in front of me I look down per se I
looked up and you're like really close
to me so I hit my breaking it just blew
me right off gosh I hope you don't do
that
dang I was going fast I'm surprised that
I'm okay I just got a little scraped
elbow and a straight toe I was recording
the whole time I don't know what
happened to the video but a little they
kept the camera on me when I was flying
over the handlebars and I guess because
the camera hit the ground it didn't save
the video or someone where'd you see it
like looked over and I saw Sam's body
going like horizontal like this like in
the air I was like what is this really
happening I hear wow people are all
around it just kind of laughing
hi guys so I'm Sharon I fams mom and I'm
here watching the kids for the next few
days and Andrea Matthew wife is helping
me and math is gonna be here soon
so let's see if the kids are doing hey
Ben what are you doing over here no I
didn't have to you're watching Hatcher
goes ok and this is Tiffany sippy what
are you doing here let's see eating rain
stung weenie so that's what if he's
working on andrew has been working on it
with her he hears Andrea I couldn't do
without are you guys and here's Juliet
made it back to the hotel guys check out
the surrounding this is like really
scary I'm never seeing a railing this
low before it is below my hip like that
low and I'm on the seventh floor and
both of us have tripped coming out here
on this big doorway here watch was a big
step right there you walk out doo doo
doo doo doo ooh still might oh-oh-oh-oh
catch myself what stopped me
and the Oscar goes to
Samuel writer the guy down there just
looking up at me so guys what the
pentagon ball yes it's we're serious
we're shopping instead of touring right
now in his beautiful city of washington
DC we're gonna do a private tour in the
morning we're gonna save it all for
tomorrow morning and then hit playlist
live after that so right now we're
knowing a little bit
yeah yeah I mean to call looking for new
shoes guys you guys like these well I
have on red shoes when I was a nurse
remember that guys how do you think
I'm sure once you become a colored shoe
where you really never go back am gonna
be wanting cool colored shoes now
probably like the rest of the device by
back you know that feeling you get when
you go to a mall I mean not long Museum
and you can't like stay can't make it
through the whole museum kind of getting
that into feeling like Washington DC I
want to go to get them a pole at this
mall is actually really cool to the
concierge at our hotel is saying this is
still something cool you'd want to see I
got a couple of things to out and on the
hunt for a cardigan and a pair of like
daddy daddy what are you doing I'm
making a rhinestone ring no son so what
do you do there
tell me what you're doing um you put a
little balloons in these little dots my
home and you pour on those stones and do
they tell you what color to put where I
can't pick your own colors in picture oh
you are let me see you really good oh
I'm late with the bathroom he's always
grumpy but I'm always happy and I'm pie
and your papi
hi papi it's dinnertime
thank you
ahead back Oh why'd you turn me like
that we are so underdressed for the
fresh look at ya yeah you won't believe
this but he's actually 48 he didn't
believe me first course we've got this
very beautiful water really nice for our
second course they've brought out this
what did you call it the blood and we
won't be dipping in NZ but that fake no
no no honey honey honey well that was
good stink just like it's almost like
it's like me for like they're like your
palate hasn't expanded that far yet yeah
we got our meal guys
like this what's your favorite breakfast
schedule honey cakes
mm-hmm watch your jelly for your fans
your own boats and are you talking to
them through that say my back to help
you and you wait hot girls bad guy and
enjoy all women so we're gonna do five
let's run down
you guys there's a new surprise for me
every day we get here they put
anniversary to the birthday but we
walked in and I had chocolate-covered
strawberries champagne with glasses of
course my own personalized card like to
wish you a very happy birthday isn't
that so sweet Sam you just think of
everything
I don't and on that note we will see you
guys tomorrow come along with us as we
take you on a private tour and also
playlist live where we're gonna be doing
a big meetup suitum our guys don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other I'll be the hand that you'll
get home when you can't make it on your
own I promise you
run Forrest run stopped
