how do you have to tell you something
he's going crazy about the first class
me you trip you're all this time
children yeah
in this together
good morning you guys know what today is
no today mommy and daddy are going to
Washington DC for my birthday but both
of you get home from school that's my
thing in here yeah this is a Behrman
Symphony's bag down and this is Julius
Abram there might be it's a surprise the
kids are at school the house is quiet
and that can only mean one thing right
now it's time for best fiends I am on
level 161 and the on this ocean the
goals for this level are to destroy six
loves and destroyed six grass patches
today's video is actually sponsored by
best fiends so thank your best fiends
for that if you guys haven't heard of
best fiends yet it's a free puzzle
adventure game where you collect and
build a team of fiends these guys up
here to defeat slugs and to complete
different challenges by matching the
same colored objects starting today you
guys can watch the free animated short
visit minutiae right now by checking it
out in the app and you'll get the plane
in apps game called visit Venetia and
earn awesome massive rewards you can
download the game for free right now by
using the link below and when you guys
use our link you get five dollars worth
of gold and diamonds or three how do you
have to tell you something
come look at me like that mom you don't
know about this either
well I said you guys were going to
Washington but we're actually going to
Paris no or not we are not of their
birthday
what for Yuri do we sweat really are you
cereal first yeah I do and I don't want
to be I don't want to believe you in
case it's a joke I think is it go you
know it's not I don't believe you but I
prepare inspector DC right now it
appears yes yeah okay I wonder what you
does not want to go to Paris right now
because yeah we can't be gone that long
while breastfeeding and I want to like
experience eras that's the owners I was
joking the other no I knew it I knew it
was stressor out of course my outfits
would be completely different
my underwear my friend is so proud of me
Lucy way she's taking me on the cruise
next month brewing for two-week cruise
what if we need you I don't know you
never gave me dates you need me I can't
believe it oh my god I thought you're
really gonna go on a cruise this girl's
such a troublemaker she's been grabbing
Abram stuff and just running with it
everyone be gentle but just remove our
hands and say thank you kisses are you
hungry she's thirsty Depew Oh get some
water
there you go I'll see you later can you
hook me look at me you're the man in the
house now okay
hi mom Olivia you think you have fun
with the kids
yeah come on come on I always feel
rushed when you go to the airport no
matter how early we are matter how much
time we have there's something about
getting to the airport
I just feel rushed inside come on honey
we're miss our flight
guys I always see this truck and I can
never stop because we're always in a
hurry and with the kids and I just don't
ever take the time to come here I'm
actually out my eyebrow pencil that I
use a good group so I was thinking okay
we going out and I'm good to go for my
trip and rerun it Ulta in Washington DC
or something that sells like anyway I
need to get something there's people in
line this is a hot commodity oh no you
gotta be kidding me
that's horrible I really was hoping to
get something you guys remember the last
time we were on America and they split
up our entire family right this time
they split me and I up and I bought the
tickets early it's so frustrating now
we're gonna have to ask them if they
could trade and I got our first class
for her birthday
and they made it complicated American
Airlines please place your carry-on can
you trade with me sexy with her yeah
appreciate he's going crazy from the
first-class seat
wow it comes with a mini table not only
to
in the world three mini tables
all right welcome to Washington DC guys
what do you say we go to the restroom
first and then go to the White House
where oh yeah fair enough
whoops
hey doorman
happy birthday these elevators honey
look beautiful
for real no you can smell like yeah
they're a lady at the front desk said
you guys have a room of probably the
best view in the entire country at the
White House the whole country which is
like probably the whole city probably
the whole country oh my gosh I'm so
excited you guys I'm the Lawkeeper look
at that phone party like oh my gosh you
can use it door
you do the owners will get a job you do
you want to go in first happy birthday
what right now
what is this I can't believe this yeah
it's like because look at that oh my
gosh this is so incredible hi donal good
night Donald there's a secret
I was hoping for a fancier toilets just
like Toto that was very cool toto it has
to catch the quiet clothes so it's cool
another name explore our hotel rooms
then explore it I was expecting it to be
a bigger room honestly for the press up
head I was expecting a much bigger room
it's kind of a small room but I guess
what you're paying for is this there's a
protest what is this
I don't know but we're about to go check
it out come on honey cuz there's a
protesting about probably anti-trump or
something should we close that for
spider-man
New York scene later nothing else here
would come down a truck
you ready honey here we go everything
he's our waiter wherever it's oh look at
that
now that right there is a monumental
sandwich get it cuz we're Washington me
dude dude dude I gotta go dude alright
guys we're gonna head in and eat dinner
and then after that we head back to the
hotel
humming of the day wonder two of them
comments-section was really cool so that
we really enjoyed it they for calm down
video guys whatever eating them listen
to my birthday will do three
they got rats and do you see guys lots
of them oh my goodness I'm really
surprised at all those gerbils
can you guys believe this girl she's
already eating dessert
we've just got here babe you can't give
it one day bread pudding you have bread
pudding my least favorite dessert
PJ I asked him if he minded and he was
on his phone and didn't respond
something like Wong in it you're gonna
ask me like that in front of all these
people comment of the day guys my I
picked one she picked on this one goes
to Nanda Heka Joe thought this was
really funny and cool sorry because this
comment is late I was actually running
around the house searching and looking
for my iPad to comment this video made
me smile and laugh emojis bunch of happy
emojis well thanks for fighting right
bad cuz we really appreciate your
comments especially that one those
really cute comment um what did you find
you okay guys my comment of the day goes
to Thalia ball I was watching an old
vlog and it was called babies on down
and fireman's hat and Sam was telling
Symphony about the song banana pancakes
what a coincidence that yesterday that
was in our vlog it was crazy
love you guys so much your vlogs always
made my day even when I'm sad I'm 11
Thank You Hallie oh I know on to our
surprise third comment of the day she's
doing a random comment guys here it is
Tiffany Wilson OMG Nia I'm obsessed with
your skirt where did you get it also my
birthday's on September 2nd - birthday
2000 happy birthday um what skirt was I
wearing was it great yeah it was great I
got it from Jane comm one of my faves -
what about it - alright guys well we
will see you tomorrow for another day in
DC another day another drama in DC not
for me not for me tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other oh I'll be the hand that you can
hold when you can't make it on your own
I promise you and
alone puttin this together
we can't say
Oh in case that crazy little girl yeah
but who's gonna watch me heaven thank
you oh yeah there you go
