I don't know who Julia thinks she is
this morning ready you guys are not
gonna believe this so remember that
giant enormous one will we get mommy and
stop crying that's not how it works
together good morning did I scare you
wow it is time for school with Sandy and
her little one my little ones sandy and
her little ones big kids are at school
symphony was so sad she found out we
were gonna fart out her I was trying to
keep it from her but she found out I'm
sorry baby
I don't know who Julia I think she is
this morning baby mommy's still over
here my eyebrow lady came to the park
today she's gonna run that's her and her
husband over there stretching such a
small world and we were texting this
morning too didn't even know we were
gonna be here Juliet come on this side
she wants to do all the dangerous thing
no baby right here what are you doing
this isn't a slide silly goose you're
not gonna slide on it Wow you are a big
girl we're gonna try to slide down she
thinks she gonna slide good morning
sandy we're at bright and early
it's not even 6:30 at 8:30 what you're
like tired she's like this is a my scene
right now a snuggie goose bump bump bump
bump
oh she wants to swing your needs mean
Abram wants to try and master this web
wall stick your foot right here and hold
on there you go you got to put your feet
closer together you don't want to do
this oh maybe next time I'm trying to
encourage him to be a little braver and
do some of these things but he's not
quite ready yeah that's okay that's okay
buddy you don't Stu be ready where's
your hot wheel can you slide down
they're both like this is really not
interesting moms
hi Judy time has come teach another baby
how to do monkey buzz are you ready okay
I got your tummy you swing you do it now
you do it now see you do it
ready good job okay we ran into more
friends at the park
Abram found a buddy that's just his size
this is Courtney and Payton I don't know
where we vlogging when you were pregnant
I feel like we were Sam did her
maternity photo shoot we were for sure
blogging at Brittany's little newborn
shoot anyways she's been on the blog hey
guys we got home we took naps that turns
over I've got something to show away
from Abram I need you to close your eyes
buddy are they close how do you know I
have something for you Abram you worked
very hard and you earned yourself a Hot
Wheels track and case combo the big one
but it's an upgrade from your last one
look this four tracks he was determined
when he broke that one that he was gonna
get a new one
my girls just expected yeah like that is
not how it works I would disbelieve that
anyway so he was determined that he were
going to get another one but I was like
buddy that is just not how it works
you have to earn it when you break
something and you want to get another
one you got to work hard for it and he
did he did a lot of different things
around the house for me you'll see buddy
I'm gonna show you exactly how it works
for daddy wood so I found this one
instead of the little one that he had
okay so first he wants to store his Hot
Wheels and put the boy did you work
really hard for that are you gonna work
real hard to take care of this one you'd
be gentle with it okay looks like you
need to go get your other hot wheels and
put them
where's I'll keep Juliet away from it
you go find some hot wheels this is the
awesome awesome ER case yeah let me see
how do you carry it is it heavy now Wow
how do you race some cars down nice
buddy
another race don't get frustrated she
does it because you get upset go get one
in traitor say your baby get one that
she can have she wants you to go get it
from her we good
oh my god she's trying to run away from
him yeah hey be sweet you gotta be sweet
look at mommy and stop crying that's not
how it works it's not how it works
who's bigger you or Juliet me okay if
she has a toy and you want it back
what you do is you get one of her toys
like this okay
here baby you take this and then gently
take the car from her okay now take the
car gently from her did you does she
give it back to you ah good come on
Jules without it's nicer her good job
buddy remember always be gentle and
always try to trade give me five
oh my goodness you are these weighted
wife's weight we're so lucky
all right y'all I'm about to head off to
traffic oh you guys like my hair today
I'm heading off to a truck or cactus
whoo - whoo look at it Abramov's I'm
Eclipse glasses from Sam and the guys
trip my car today so he's been trying to
look at the Eclipse slash the Sun today
but yeah you guys remember a couple
weeks ago I met and had coffee with my
friend Sarah
she owns blue-eyed baby Couture and I
have found a new favorite way to wear
these headbands I know you guys see me
wearing them all the time but Sam has
been wearing it bandana style and he
loves it and I love it on him it sounds
like I should try to be Indiana style my
friend Sarah she wears her hair like
that with the headband just wrapped
around like this but my hair was really
short when she started selling them and
I didn't care for it but now my hair is
growing out it's getting longer and I
actually really like the flick so hope
you guys are doing you're probably
seeing it a lot more because I'm gonna
start wearing these with my outfits oh
you guys I was going to tell Sam I'm
ready to go to traffic I need to leave
and he got stung by a wasp on his finger
or me just now like a minute ago it's so
sad what should we do to cheer in my
favor
yeah give kiss good idea being Siri what
is a home remedy for a wasp sting okay I
found this on the web for what is a home
remedy for a loss of sting hmm three
ways to be staying home remedies for
wasp stings
all right it looks like apple cider
vinegar soak a cotton pad with vinegar
place it on the site until pain site
sounds pretty good
come to the kitchen my wounded one got
stung by a wasp guys I'm trying to get a
clean shot with my GoPro time-lapse of
the storm coming in a bunch of walk and
flying out of the pole that was that I
was connecting my clamp to oh yeah got a
steamer wash can you pray for it for me
feel God you just please make daddy's
day but to just be a bee
amen oh thank you buddy he feels all
better now guys don't worry about me I'm
gonna make it it stung me literally
right there on the cuticle right in
there it was so painful what a painful
spot right oh I'm playing fetch with
Oreo
ah rolled look at all that yeah I bet
you got a lot of checks in there don't
ya
Julius playing in the gutter look what
we got today guys you got a little Texas
flag loaded over here
nice cousin to the force Abram shoot
mommy in the head no shoot me in the
back the back hey where are you going
this might be sneaking away
what are you doing where are you going
Juliette this isn't our house can't come
here we weren't invited you say Hydra
shut up
oh you like that little hot-air balloon
up there panting pretty cool you can't
go in your house no you get corn cute
you can't go to the neighbors without
your parents you want it
bet you want this don't you love how she
throws the stuff in the grass give me
you
nobody big girl on our hands it's three
hours until bedtime still to my t√≠a
30-minute nap I don't know I am doing
chicken spaghetti for dinner tonight it
has been so long since I made chicken
spaghetti I'm doing the super simple
recipe
Velveeta root chicken soup and Rotel I'm
going even simpler tonight and I am
using these little grilled ready strips
we'll see how that tastes with that I
normally grow my own chicken but I
decided I know how time for that and
this is why can you imagine ever had to
stop really much chicken and let it all
burn and get your hideout and stuff
because you need every dish for tonight
we had to choose between a couple of
salads and she chose the kale cranberry
pecan salad because she likes comments
all right buddy Abram just got a little
upset about the salad so we're gonna let
him get some aggression out
can you please bang on these chip bags
for me smash them all up hang on buddy
I'll get them let's pitch them in the
middle and you can hit them that way
they don't fall off there you go baby
okay and here's what it's for you don't
have to read OHS you can use corn
tortilla chips or you can also use
saltine crackers of course the saltine
crackers don't have the same like
Mexican type dish but I like to put
these on and last 15 minutes and then
continue baking and said that they get
pretty you guys are not gonna believe
this so remember that giant enormous one
fill it's not a cell guys look what I
just found guys it turned into actual
spine that's so excited is that really
all you could find no the rest of it is
like dirt
oh I'd like to infini take a container
out and pick up the pieces that she
thought were good to keep and she came
out with this look can I do it please
I like playing with slime just as much
as she does I thought you guys actually
like slimy gooey oh yes this looks
delicious this is the full deal you guys
dinner win tonight chicken spaghetti is
one of the first things I learned how to
cook as a married woman fYI my cousin CJ
sent me a recipe it was like gotta make
this it's really easy and really good
and I've used the same recipe it's been
seven years well dinner was cut a little
bit short my cousin painted a really
cute curved street sign it's meeting
another one nearby and so the kids ran
outside it was a habit and she just
dropped off some gifts for them earlier
like a couple days ago so kind of bad
cuz she's working but I guess it's okay
hey nice artwork I liked it this is
Kristi my cousin what do you got oh I've
good job we're doing Bible time the
iPads dead so we're using app on mommy's
phone tonight Anthony's kind of leading
this story oh she's pregnant with baby
Jesus big eNOS
our cards yeah they have food choices No
yes they did
now some people don't these people do
some people okay man this is for you was
God Simon Jesus born in Bethlehem in a
stable yes or no yes good job honey
what's this about not marble not Marvel
DC that's right we are headed to
Washington DC tomorrow me and I I've had
this trip planned for her for her
birthday slash for playlist live was
number into playlist live so we're gonna
go check it out but mostly I think we're
gonna be touring Washington DC I'm
really excited to see all the White
House and I'm thinking about going to
Mount Vernon checking out Washington's
old property and stuff like that yeah
it's gonna be fun
mostly it's gonna be a relaxing time for
news birthday guys thanks for joining us
today you know we really do appreciate
you guys tuning in every single day I
mean I don't even know how to express my
thanks to you guys there's just too many
of you guys to like give you all like
$1,000 anyway you guys get the point
thank you so much for being here for
being a part of our live you know also
you guys make a difference in our lives
everything you guys say to us makes a
difference really does so we'll see you
tomorrow for some traveling to DC Andrew
is gonna be vlogging the kids while
we're away don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other I'll be the
hand that you can hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you
we're in this together
we can't say
you like that word but often Raj
