yes who's here guys you're gonna be so
excited I am so mom you have to find a
new babysitter and you want to know who
I found
good morning guys it is the first day of
the week where the older kids are both
at school which means oh this is me and
the bunny well and daddy too hi baby
girl oh you're the cutest
can you say hi guys oh yeah that's good
- which one - get down - get down Mimi
never passing a blankie before she can
leave the room that is her thing right
now linkies and her Patsy thank you
she's very specific about her blankie so
are you looking for buddy oh it's cool
baby you're gonna play in his toys while
he's at school I'll get this one out for
you whoa did you find already thank you
Oh bless you thank you I'm actually
getting ready to make lunch for Sam and
myself and while I do that it's easiest
for me if I give Juliet a snack so she
is gonna have them do very strange eat
and now it's playtime until you're
exhausted
you think she can't run around this
intermission with Julian Oh baby yeah
guess who's here guys you're getting
excited I am it he's home from school
and welcome first of all second of all
favorite my mom you have a little
routine after school once a week we do
our grocery pickup we usually stop and
get some stall or book but today we're
gonna break it up a little bit and do
something a little bit different
sorry guys I just have to I originally
was not a fan of this song but I'm just
such a Taylor Swift fan in general I
read some stuff about the meaning behind
the song and so I'm like trying to give
it another chance I haven't heard it in
the car since I like initially did not
you
hi can I please get a grande horchata
Frappuccino and do you have a sugar
cookie the frosted sugar cookies we
don't have any octopus's we don't have
any coffee - no the only kind of cookies
that we do have is the peanut butter
really good what do you want the peanut
butter cup one pinyons item okay I'll
take the peanut butter cup line
what's inside here Josie can feed
herself it's so cute we are here to
donate some of our things a lot of our
things check it out guys these have been
just taking up space in the house we are
here to drop it off the butcher can like
come and help you because I know one of
them is really really good you know
luckily all that happened down here was
just like a bunch of extra rain which
you know I feel so bad things
we have been looking at
and so we are just kind of waiting there
Johnny from our church to the guy who
used on peach and keep getting the other
team pink and we are going to this
weekend we're gonna go to playlist live
we are canceling that trips just not
working out horrible timing and I would
much rather go serve in Houston then go
to playlist live motion TV so I'm at the
Genesis Center in Kaufman it's right
between Kaufman and Terrell and they
have a resale shop where the proceeds of
the items that are bought in a shop go
towards women who have been abused or
have been in trouble of some sort some
of them have kids and don't put it the
proceeds go to like house these women
helping get their lives together which I
just love that but she was saying also
the clothes that might have stains on
them or have spots on them they don't
seem in great condition they go to other
countries for little kids who don't have
clothes it's so funny
that's so good can we go oh we sure can
buddy for since Abram is almost four
Thank You neighbor I need to tell you
something Kiki come here
okay buddy you know how Mikayla is our
babysitter right well she is at college
now she's having classes and that means
she can't come babysit for a while so
mommy had to find a new babysitter and
do you want to know who I found
make it guess who do you think it is we
think it's kami not kami make another
guess she's got College silly
shakeela yeah who's that you want me to
tell you now yeah it is Lily and Mike
Sylvie
I was really trying to hold off until
you're his birthday we are trying out
the whole new want need wear read as far
as giving gifts Tovar kids happy they
were supposed to go to his birthday but
he needs them now I cannot wait another
three weeks he really needs some new
little and a bigger boy side new
cocktails there your closet how did you
get them well because you're a growing
boy Wow
do you like them buddy guys like what I
just made new babysitters means posting
your current schedule this is so cute
have it color-coded symphonies in purple
Abraham's and blue and Juliet's and pink
they all do the same exact thing Juliet
just has like a little bit of extra
things that might help them out like
well the big kids but jammies on Juliet
the wipes are in her room to clean her
up from dinner
everyone's jammies I put right here in
parenthesis are on their beds and then
like brush teeth I just she'd it's a
plain brush something he knows what that
means and then all their bed turns a
year Abram goes down first I put some
pants on people are here put the paints
are you doing hi Jen good how are you Oh
what do we have here Lily is our new
babysitter we're gonna come over every
two weeks now is this true I have no
idea yo yo yo guys me and I are off to a
little date night with Beau and she'll
so excited to see beau it's that guy
time we plan to do something with them
something seems to come up at the last
minute and we cancel on them I'm gonna
set the text joke around with them that
I have to cancel today but I didn't do
it because I know Neil wouldn't
appreciate it anyway so we're gonna go
to our favorite restaurant and Rockwall
called Ben 303 they have the most
amazing salad there you guys remember
we've been there before the thing about
it is heart of log there cuz it's really
small and really dark and if I recall
correctly it's kind of loud so this is
gonna be kind of dinner and
counseling meeting with bone show we're
just gonna talk about her marriage these
are going so good news that we're gonna
have a counseling session tomorrow is
like why everything's going so great but
that's where a lot of people are
mistaken you got to do the counseling
before there's an issue no where's the
other one so check out this table guys
you get to adjust how big you want it
bow and I are gonna sit at this table so
how big of a table do you want yeah okay
small table
my goodness like its color still perfect
turning Sam yes 29 he's got it wrong
nuts to me ask you turn cuz I've always
seen hairs like a 20 year old come on he
does this to me sometimes an opener
she'll stand up there and wait for me to
come around open it I told to do that I
said forget to open the door you stand
outside anyway till I come around and
open it there you go
we're home now guys Andy and I are about
to do a little Bible study we've been
doing this little devotional the Bible
app we're trying to do it every other
night I'm not that great about it and
the plan is called 31 days to a stronger
marriage
we're either devotional and then we read
the Bible verse that goes with it
and then we have some discussion about
that it's pretty cool kind of learn
about each other everyone small
sometimes the stuff we already know
about each other just talk it gives us a
way to communicate with each other and a
good thing to communicate with each
other yeah you know something I learned
from our dinner tonight too beau was
saying how like as a married couple if
you're not reading together or praying
together at night and then you suddenly
start and it's only like five minutes
ten minutes long whatever that's good
enough like for that time period until
you're ready to do more that's good
enough I feel like I shy away from like
I'm gonna do is that quick little Bible
study anyways I might as well just not
it's so short yeah it's kind of like
working out no people don't go to the
gym because they think they have to
spend an hour there and there's a dress
up to go to the gym
to do this and that they have to have
the right energy drinks and post drinks
and then really all you have to do is go
and what you're wearing for five minutes
and it could be that stress free we have
such a great time with bone shell is
really good at least fun time so we'll
see the guys mom don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other I'll
be the hand that you can hold when you
can't make it on your own I promise you
and not alone but in this together
you know something I learned from our
meeting tonight to bow was saying like
you could commit beau saying like you
could really raise a leg up in there
