good morning phat basic how are you guys
this morning symphonies not doing too
well the houston disaster that's going
on right now right here in our state
there's just a breath and let's prepare
for it so together
and joining us happy
banana pancakes there's a song that
Mommy and I love we grew up to a song
it's called banana pancakes would you
like to hear it to keep just good
morning fat basic how are you guys this
morning symphonies not feeling too well
I'm feeling great though feeling really
good this morning yeah I mean either I'm
feeling very thankful that we're not in
the line of Hurricane Harvey man they're
going through a lot down there in
Houston when I get back home I'm gonna
see what I can do two volunteers are
looking for volunteers because they said
they don't even have enough government
power to help out over there there's so
much going on they're like asking
individuals to go sign up online to come
and help so this is an unprecedented
hurricane or tropical storm now I love
you guys so is Julie yeah she just woke
up from you know my cookie ever saying
come look at us I can hear
show me Oh oh that's so cute do you love
your sister my lap that's so special
ready chuckling oh really okay buddy
have a fun project for you to do
decorate your tube just don't keep
talkin look at her pointing you who are
so cute with Jim yet hey Dad you got
some posters or something in this little
thing and Abram has been using it for a
massive slide for his Hot Wheels
so I decided and Symphony's at school
one day we're gonna decorate it do me
it's having to be patient right now
she's so cute she wants the stickers she
wants the bloggers wants daddy's
computer once daddy's coffee
hey you guys so we have a very fun
little outing plan today with some women
from our church we're doing like a
practice pool for little kids thing we
got another house early which is never
my thing so we're having a pit stop at
Target and look at this bigger hi big
girl target and Rafa was practically in
the same parking lot as chick-fil-a so
we're just chillin killing some time
okay guys third time's the charm I'm
gonna give it one more try this little
dress this is the third time I've bought
it oh my gosh you guys those of you been
watching for a while
Juliette totally had the same outfit
last year but it was an owl same exact
outfit when she was a newborn let me see
if they have size 18 months in this
please have it now it's a bunny oh my
goodness I know I'm crazy I'm killing
time by shopping ah they do have one oh
my gosh they had one like hiding at the
back me they had one hiding at the back
a room de bunny show her you're writing
like such a big girl you didn't hold
doing it keep doing something she wants
to hold it now that I've gotten
distracted by all the pretty fun and
girly things I'm gonna check out what I
actually came in for and that is a
little high chair seats there it is that
goes in a chair to save space because
Julia is really getting a little too big
for her high chair I still like it
everything but I'd like to have one that
like would be super easy for me to take
on them I've been on the lookout for one
of these for Juliet it's still kind of
not what I was wanting though oh my god
they are just a little bit bigger than
what I'm wanting buddy I want something
a little bit smaller we made it and
Abram has hot wheels stickers for all of
his friends you gonna share those with
all your buddies so nice of you
they make you oh you're gonna let him
keep the whole page already giving out
stickers
this is our crew my crew hi ladies
this is fun you guys it's just kind of a
fun thing to do for all of us moms as we
like to send our biggest ones off to
school okay are you gonna call Billy
who's on your shirt I think Willie's on
there are you guys
cuff started second grade today you know
I was just talking to Sandy I am such a
ball bag I'm trying to compose myself
so that I just blog about how I'm
feeling I'm stop thinking and crying I
am having such an emotional time that
cuffin symphony are separated and that I
don't have Sandi with me I can't quite
make sense of it I know I don't handle
change that well but I think it's just
more of the emotions of you know just
seeing his first day of school pictures
and hers too and they're not together
and you know sandy you know we're
talking about her morning I'm about to
go work traffic which is supposed to be
with Sandy and you know it's just sad I
had a baby when you had a baby and
they've done everything together like
everything I mean first days of school
Sunday school learning Scripture I mean
just everything and it just like came to
a sudden end I mean it's not like
they're moving away or anything but
that's kind of what I'm feeling right
now it's so silly I'm so emotional about
it it's ridiculous I know that I don't
handle change very well like I know that
about myself but I had a lot of changes
happen like in the last few years and
this is just one of them I think it was
just abrupt and was it prepared for it
so this is like four hours later from
when I was standing up here crying by
the way how do you go to somebody's home
work traffic that was good it's really
hot and sweaty out there and now
Abraham's growing my flowers he got some
ant bites on his little feet so I'm
letting him play in the water Juliet
what are you doing you little chump each
eyes hey watch it hey ma'am you gotta
watch it you gotta watch it okay here he
got Symphony one she's not too happy
back what are you doing you little water
bug you are water baby
Elijah's overhead buddy what's up dude
how was your first week at school first
day of school was today right
no fell last week how was it your fifth
grade yeah is it hard no I remember
sixth grade being a little hard I'm in
all pre AP class dude that's awesome
proud of you buddy have you had a
science class yet that's cool remember
science in sixth grade was not my strong
suit I think we're gonna go to the lab
yes awesome what's your favorite subject
is it madness you knew it was gone now
yet on matter matter buddy don't get it
sorry buddy last time I Liza was here we
were playing in slime and he hasn't been
back since then and I thought maybe your
mom got a little upset I thought oh no
whose skater girl Abram I just booked
your Hot Wheels party at the nan again
yeah and we're gonna race the go-karts
visit Hot Wheels we were just discussing
where we would go for dinner if we were
gonna go have dinner somewhere in
Symphony chose I Hawk and um you know
why it's called I have it why pop I said
it's called I hop because um there used
to be girls saying that work there and
they hop on one leg and because they are
made
and that's why they call it aha oh my
that makes me miss my dad he has got
some funny stories in that like as an
adult I'm like you made that up kid I
believed him that's one of them he used
to tell me that like when girls such as
like Christina Aguilera was thinking
really high-pitched it was because a red
ant bit her for she got her foot stuck
in a bear trap I mean I wasn't good but
now that when I hear those I think of my
dad Symphony and Kepler Marshall
following about his first day in school
sounds really fun did you like too much
I hope you did whoa I remember manning
down the street what are y'all trying to
do here oh man you're free is she really
super heavy play God what I can't play
God oh praise God is that what you're
saying yeah oh you're so cute she got
off of him and he wasn't hurting and he
was like praise God like that's what he
hears I say when things are the way we
were like really wanting them to be or
something's amazing so cute you just
said that I know it's not like exactly
the right context but you know it's so
really cute that he used it kind of
correctly
Here I am oh come on man you gotta wait
for somebody else to tell you that you
are cute today though is it my choice
very good choice I love the Hat
I like your hat choice today you guys
probably noticed that we let her kids
correct us a lot and I I don't know
where that started I guess we just let
it slide for a while how do you guys
stop your kids from correcting homes I
would love to know parents out there
anyway we're on our way to
cause we got strawberry it's getting
smaller
does that mean she's not anymore
the restroom number one or two
are you sure oh that's a surprise you
always got a note on machine game bow
tie out that just makes this guy's
Bowser
come on me god this is the first time
I've put everyone in stole by himself
he's gonna be all mine to that it's the
kind of sad oh no Elmo but don't put
your head on the floor what's gross okay
are you pooping are you down
did you tell daddy what Pawan said I
have his name
oh wait Ellen dad you know it's called
my hot fudge weapon because there used
to be ladies down about only had one leg
and they hop around and that's the
ladies and the waitresses I guess
whoa for your birthday
happy early birthday buddy it's ablation
making french toast on it come on there
it is
yummy in my tummy Tom Tommy he this girl
you're gonna picture with her food she
already had her a little photo session
taking the picture all by herself
I think it's time we started symphony
her own Instagram do it my phone when
you want to okay
every so would you tell see ever say I
hop now you could say I hop now everyone
can say I hop you can't send me because
you're sick this is a bunny place
alright guys won't you pause the video
right now and guess what you think Abram
is sleeping with us tonight he requested
to sleep with this pause guest below and
then the winner gets a shout-out to shut
up what do we got he's sleeping with my
new paint tray why do you want to sleep
with that man can I paint tray goodnight
Abram good night Juliette yo yo guys we
made it home me is working on Abram hot
wheel that is so stinking cute what is
that it's gonna say it's turning for it
it is for the Facebook invite that I'm
making yeah you should have it print it
out into our like a physical banner
alright guys we're just gonna sit here
and take care of some business I talked
a little bit about this morning about
the houston disaster that's going on
right now right here in our state we do
want to hear from anybody any of our fan
basic who it might be affected by this
I'm sure if they are affected they're
probably not watching our video right
now they've probably got bigger things
to do but if you know somebody we'd love
to be able to help any way we can we're
at like a point where we can't just like
take off and go down there like school
just started and we both were just
talking about how we would love to just
like head off to Houston and help when
we can so since we can't do that if you
know of a need that we have a trip
planned this weekend I mean you know
just let us know hit us up help somehow
yeah at salmon Ouya whoo calm but we
love you guys don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
that you can't hold when you can't make
it on your own I promise you and not
alone but in this together
paint a paint roller ping paint tray
gosh she can't say what is it bud favor
say I hope I hope I said no you sit i ha
