Piper Sunday morning guys I'm a little
bit nervous today because today's Sunday
you guys know what that means uma yummy
yeah it's really yummy and I tried it
before I didn't get my bed
Sunday morning picture time only because
the kids match
after Sunday morning guys I'm a little
bit nervous today because he's asked me
to talk a little bit about the solar
eclipse in front of the church today so
I'm gonna be sharing a couple Bible
verses and just talking about how I felt
when I saw and my testimony was what
he's calling her nurse about it I don't
like getting up on stage oh yeah are you
guys doing we are back on a normal
schedule finally I know the vlogs have
been crazy late and all over the place
but we're back on schedule school daddy
has to do the drop off because lately
she's been a little upset if mommy does
the drop off brother took a trip up to
Carbondale Illinois where you could see
the Eclipse for the one of the longest
amount of time it was two and a half
minutes
at first it was cloudy like as soon as
the Eclipse started like huge very
clouds of nowhere and my just when that
happened I was thinking about the dogs
control how we have absolutely no say in
his nature and
you know our lot is honest in Psalms 135
6 whatever the Lord pleases he does in
heaven and in earth and the Seas and all
dues
a combo with two extra pieces of bread
today Sunday you guys know what that
means
Jania combo time and i just showed you
guys him boy yes you did I'm so proud of
you becoming such a great water
we're lucky it's not raining out here
guys it's getting the house before it
starts raining again
oh yeah talk I did about the solar
eclipse in church today
I didn't say a lot of things I wanted to
say but the most important thing I want
to say which was I felt God's power over
us when I watched the solar eclipse and
that's gonna talk about it looked pretty
good I was super nervous though what was
I so nervous guy it's nothing to be
nervous about it's my church family good
job getting trashed buddy I'm proud of
you getting that but keep running
you'll get up there eventually keep
going keep running faster faster what
are you doing with that lemonade hey hey
boxer briefs you were daddy's kind of
underwear now yeah he's just getting so
big guys I cannot squeeze him into his
baby you can have it take a button you
can have a bite whoa dude that's half of
a banana those half of a banana - no I
have nothing nobody
so you guys next weekend is my birthday
and so before my girlfriends before I go
din dinner ready and it is a fun dinner
are you excited
considering I'm about to leave and he's
gonna be here why you gotta put that
okay we got to spread it on there's your
something there's a room alright now we
need the cheese and the pepperoni
what are you doing
- ah - just get stuffy say cheese
that looks so delicious you guys now I
am headed off see all my girlfriends
we are gonna have a little girls day
chatting up get pampered good Katie
brought me a present so I changed my
shirt Courtney's here babies don't have
a birthday outing where we going
wherever you want to go me in Courtney
went to Africa he's saving people and
you know being amazing so I write back
some bracelet and then I rolled up
papers the wax tree there's no there's
no shoulder we're gonna die okay okay
okay open the door and just flutter your
shirt it's enough fluttering is it in
the seed or anything no no see it's not
the same
katie is meeting a friend of our mom
sandy is going to conquer the bug I'm
gonna catch it like she should have done
in the first place I'm just kidding I
love your hair so quickly and I've been
saying okay I'm just kidding you're near
oh my gosh see that does not look like a
long run beat oh that's a really short
little horns no no we are having coffee
and pulling all of our nerves
I'm getting this one 101 Pinilla passing
it off to Katy okay guys um add it up
Katy and I went with Matt colors and
these two girls they went with fall
colors
Katy's second told her to sit down
she thinks being mad at her well ago
Courtney thought I was Katie and I was
like it's because of my eyebrows these
are for natural eyebrows well I have to
like pay someone to do that dr. pepper
on my very clean high-tech so I pulled
the dr. magic 40% my phone okay so after
a really nice pedicure sandy pores dr.
pepper all over Nancy here's our nails
we all got such different things it's so
funny
I got summer they got fall she got
winter for me and Courtney used to work
are you ready but yes we used to work at
this place how our other friend Maureen
you guys have met her if you have her
parents ultimately and we would come and
stand back here and we would work and
this is Lauren's dad I'm so nostalgic I
can cry like I'm not happiness inside of
me that's like a large part a large huge
chunk of our growing up days are rising
oMG and now it's time for dessert and a
good peach homemade from scratch
buttermilk night she just gave us a
whole lot of information and I forgot to
vlog everyone's been asking
I wanted something an accident some
reason no one joined in this brings back
other memories
Sam's twin Michael was in the Marines or
he is a marine and when he was stationed
in Afghanistan we used to send him a big
tufflips peak Turkey I'm not sure that
was reminded me oh I'm not feeling so
the song
we stuck it out and Lauren's here now
with this is sitting here talking to her
mom for like an hour waiting for her to
come home
thank you well kids are sleeping I'm
going to hit the hay guys we will catch
you tomorrow
it's good to be back on track back in
the swing of things as far as the fog
goes but we will catch you guys tomorrow
as always don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other I'll be the
hand that you can hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone but in this together
and we can say
hi Sophie hi just soap yeah what no no
poker all right guys you got to spread
it on paper what
