morning guys this is the first time I've
ever cooked breakfast over at Meijer
this guy's gonna look at the solar fit
to a bar
we're in this together
morning guys this is the first time I've
ever could brick this over a fire I
don't love it they're mixing them all
together walking in man please really do
all right let's see the copy are
successful this time thank you that's
good the metals very hot that's the
problem
my brother's one shows how thrown acts
do he's gonna miss I called it whoa we
shaded to our faces we kind of feel like
the mother of all these boys because I
did all the cooking most of the cooking
I'll do all the cleanup around here I'm
sick I do everything around here okay
I'm actually happy to cook for the girls
on the cookie aspect of this trip turned
out perfectly we're gonna get in this
lake one more time to do take our little
bath before we head out and watch the
solar eclipse
it seems so good in this decide you see
any darkness
oh no not yeah it's so cool oh yeah it's
still full but yeah technically it's
already started
this guy's gonna look at the solar
eclipse through a box you know the
ceiling glass is over here oh this is
just for fun that's awesome how do you
do it where do you look through you oh
dude that is so cool
sending a GoPro up there we found a spot
we're just gonna hang out here a little
a festival area the event is happening
right here above us what are you guys
doing today guys with family and you
guys at school siblings at school first
day of school they even have grasses you
can decorate look at that this is a soar
panel made out of coke cans wow this
guy's got a really cool telescope here
other binoculars with just with an
ocular nice a moon is just now starting
to cross between the Sun the earth you
can just see the edge of it oh really
nice that right there yes yeah and if
you don't coming up over the top check
out these glasses a guy guys NASA
certified or official NASA Buffy
we picked our spot right here on the
grassy knoll you guys enjoying it put
your glasses on put two pairs on with
another pair to quit two pairs I think
you got to put the other pair upside
down the third pair yeah give me a hand
who says that how guys keep them coming
I want to be extra protective triple
stack it Mike let me see your oculars
okay
oh yeah I'm really protected now well
look at that guys looks like we're gonna
miss probably the most important part
I've a feeling we're gonna miss it right
before it covers it up came all this way
but just goes to show that we cannot
control God's nature you know we have no
say and what he wants to do now we're
not gonna make it look all clear skies
over there all that care download means
I'm back there where the Sun is we got
the grace clouds of all there's just
something so come across it's a bummer
that we're not going to see it that
stadium over there is packed with people
and then all around it is also packed
with people all back there who these
guys is really cool so cool cuz they're
all standing in front of a barn
oh wow there is this a hair worth left
it is amazing it's incredible
oh my gosh it's so wide I can't stand it
it's so incredible it actually looks so
Khloe
today what do you think of man's awesome
man they're incredible yeah pretty
amazing a total eclipse no we're like it
was really close to us here comes here
comes the Sun Wow look at that that's
awesome
look at little sliver how bright it is
I wish I got to see every woman simply
and see this man they wouldn't I bet
they're loving it so much I know man I
just want to thank God and praise him
for the most glorious and amazing show I
have ever seen far better than any movie
anything it was just oh man I was like I
got chills it was just incredible anyway
we are off to go to st. Louis now I
don't know what happened to my head I
was just running around here like a
chicken my head off how funny this is my
hat
all right let's get a picture right here
you're right in the middle of it
Andrews dancing in the Gateway Arch get
it Andrew we made it to the Gateway Arch
man we made the st. Louis we're gonna go
to the top of it right now how you guys
sold out man never mind by the way guys
today is Matthew's birthday hey guys
what a crazy birthday man just been
awesome teasing flip st. Louis Arch
that's incredible
how old are you 37 37 nice so he's doing
a great job you're looking good
okay Andrew one Andrew one he wanted the
spaghetti so we ran out spaghetti -
forever
oh cool link that shot that's awesome
we're waiting now here
so you guys Samuel just got super
excited because he felt like got a peak
for the first time on this trip somebody
gets back from the bathroom bargains
clap for them really loud and you know
say congratulations and stuff we didn't
know you did this
today's his birthday
yeah pork
guys you're on your phones I'm fine with
your horse care drive don't you get a
water hose one utility
you know one thing we just going to
hotel and hearing your do better than
five of us walk yeah wait 5:05 it is
this way this battle that I'm here it
was the truth let me see that thing
5:02 my gosh you're stupid why do people
never happen to not exist I know it's
true so this is the third majestic thing
we've seen today it was they clips in
the arch announced the Majestic Hotel
crazy
alright guys while we argue over who's
gonna sleep where we'll see you guys
tomorrow we're heading home early
morning don't forget we love each other
guys I'll be the hand that you can hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not alone
puttin this together
we can say
all right ready all right Bert oh not
yet oh sorry
