that's always the furnace when you drop
off your gun is actually ready one two
three smile we're gonna go get Bobby now
in this together
are you excited for your first day of
school yeah I'm going to lose on your
first day of school breakfast is ready
component happy first day of school
happy first day of school make a wish
for your first day
the balls back wouldn't it be nice if
they had their first day on the same day
one day they will she's here to see this
little guy off to school morning guys
I'm exhausted I went to sleep at like
1:30 left nut just couldn't sleep sandy
came over and got me a little hyper
before she left we were acting goofy and
I just complete my kit so
she's having a good first day home with
all the kids are gonna go to school it
says my grandma's teaching me to be
fabulous
look she knew what she was reading oh my
goodness
okay let's go take some pictures but eat
your turn
Wow he's excited you see the trash man
on his first day of school sit in and
let's get your picture ready one two
three smile
Abram is very sensitive to throw up here
on that little boy gag take a deep
breath buddy oh my goodness when you
drop off the gun is going I'm just
crying when I left Symphony school
yesterday - I think it's just the first
day it's just hard no matter what I'm a
little cutie okay guys times over for
this little chunk and it's time for us
to clean out daddy's truck mommy's not
so good at keeping cars cleaned out
throughout the week just too many people
to get in and out of car my hands are so
full I get what I can but so you can
play walk around and then we'll swing
where to start
I got my finger stuck in the light
little flower thing that Sam's seat
slides front to back in it hurts so bad
am I always getting hurt cuz I do things
really fast because when you have a baby
you have to do things really really fast
because I'm kind of in a hurry I just
need to slow down she's just playing
chillin over there so I do things fast
because she's standing like a daredevil
you'll be able to run over there okay
it's time and we're gonna go get Buffy
now what did you do buddy
we traced all the A's oh man Abram good
job buddy
oh it's moved you sit over here now yeah
ready go Mario oh wow he is just poor
Mario did you meet new friends today
buddy
so what do you learn at school today you
learn all about a hmm cool but who do
you sit by in class a guy in an elephant
shirt oh did you eat all of your lunch
in your lunchbox one of the best things
about Tuesdays and some Thursday Juliet
nap point even gets home from school can
we snuggle oh you know you much that are
you picking your little show gonna watch
a movie while we smell
and just like that it's crazy how fast
today goes by so much go go go buckle
buckle buckle my goodness oh the school
line we are back in this long school
line and I am working on the giveaway I
told you guys about yesterday I'm trying
to make an Instagram friendly photo and
I don't think that's a good one because
it's not square so I'm gonna try to get
a square one
hi baby what's the matter whatever you
said you wanted me to hurry and get here
did you think I was gonna be at traffic
today tomorrow I'm sorry but guess what
it since it was April's first day of
school we get to go do after school
stuff we're gonna go do something fun
because it was that little guys first
day of school we're going to eat a
restaurant in Forney called chick-fil-a
win huh okay it's not easy being a big
second grader you'll cry
she's still just my biggest baby
you love this big Mercedes van sure
buddy to save a lot of money are you
seeing our Channel oh oh what's your
name Brantley
hey Juliette yourself baby hey she's
just going to town oh my goodness
hey go hey look at this hair y'all
YouTube mommy
not only do stuff on YouTube for the
gifted in town
these guys are playing superheroes what
who are you Dominique Abel can they can
have it you know the cheese
right as her is getting loaded up
Crockett room getting loaded up all the
kids we're about to have another one
I just want to pull pranks on you guys
Juliet is Marco Polo English daddy right
now you guys so today there's a leaf bug
look at it it's giant it's so much
bigger than it looks in the screen now
so hoping it would be here in Symphony
got home I wanted to show her I've never
seen a leaf bug that up and close before
it looks like a ginormous moth oh yeah
it does look like a leaf his wings look
like leaves I think it's a leaf nice
well Sam was just saying he's not too
hot away be here in the morning you guys
I want to know what are you gonna say to
Daddy right when you see him I love you
Danny I'm hungry
can you come fill me up for tomorrow
symphonies in second grade now and she's
always had a big interest in helping me
pack her lunches however I'd like to
pack lunches at the very very end of the
night so I'd told her because of how
mommy prefers things to be done with our
schedule in the evening time she can
help me once a week
so once a week simply is gonna be
responsible fully responsible I'm not
gonna even help just gonna let her do it
and then I'll check it when she's done
so we'll let you guys come along with
her yeah
I thought of her and you when I bought
it I'm like the kids waiting for my mom
to come over I just heard a car door
outside and I'm wondering if it's Sam no
not yet okay guys it's just too late I'm
trying to stay up with you guys so you
can see Sam but just see him in his vlog
it'll be up soon maybe it's already up I
don't know yeah so I'm gonna do Coleman
up the day now
okay guys comment of the day goes to two
people right in a row Beth Harris why
did you not do it with Abram and then
Joe Vella for Agua Symphony is clearly
your favorite dot dot
well guys Abram is only three Symphony
to seven Symphony was not allowed to
stay up late until she turned seven and
she gets to stay up late once in a blue
moon Abram is not ready for that yet in
my opinion neither am i I am very strict
with my babies and their sleep schedules
I'm SuperDuper strict especially when
there's something going on the next day
which there was because I'm soloing it
with the kids if we're gonna go to
church and get up early the next morning
I need Abram fully rested Symphony can
be still fully rested going to sleep at
10:30 instead of going to bed at 8:30
I'm she's still getting a full night's
sleep but it's just not the same full
night that Abram needs so you guys seem
to say this a lot I just you know want
to clarify Symphony is in school all
year round and then I get to summer with
her and I take full advantage of it now
that she's back in school I am getting
to spend a ton more time with Abram and
it will be this way for the next like
what is it like eight nine months I
think it's like nine months worth of
school year and so yeah Symphony is my
firstborn she's the only child who was
sensitive about spending alone time with
mommy and daddy Abram is not there yet
if and when he starts to show the signs
of that we will for sure jump on that
train just like we have with Symphony
and we're both girls and we're
interested in very similar things she's
getting older I love the movie free
willy I've wanted to show that to her
for a long time I just knew she needed
to be a certain age to really sit and
watch the whole thing for Beth and Joe
Vella you two must not be moms yet
because you would know that letting a
three-year-old stay up two and a half or
however many hours past his bedtime he
would not have been snuggling in this
bed with me he would were not running
around causing a bunch of noise it would
have been like an uproar
probably in the house still and listen
ffunny were just quietly laying in bed
while everyone's sleeping watching a
movie and then drifting to sleep
peaceful it's calm and there's still a
sense of my day is over and those of you
who are moms I know you're you can
totally relate to me but yep just wanted
to respond to those comments I am very
confident and how I spend time with my
kids actually it's one of the things as
a mom that I'm very confident in I'm I
question myself a lot but I do not ever
question if I show my kids enough
individual attention because I know I do
it glad you guys care so much about
Avram and I'm sure I will be seeing the
total polar opposite comments coming
very quickly so we will see you guys
tomorrow we'll be all together again as
a family unit I think I'm not sure the
order of the vlogs right now actually
because Sam's vlogs are coming soon
he is definitely more organized with all
of that than I am so I'll see you guys
sometime and don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other when you
can't make it
Oh
