hey I just broke out in the house oh my
gosh batteries on the ground that sells
a red-hot buddy their mystery flavor and
I got mystery once I got this stops
there go with them Nancy in the lesson
Easter April Fool's guys give it all
back
everyone abramson April no April force
oh I like the Apple page good morning do
you want to see your Easter basket
Brooke what do you say Jules did you get
bunny boots got rain boots too birdie
Oh bunny listen fishy and blood your
first raincoat Wow
come would you endow colors good morning
guys all the Easter ballots cast stuff
is fun in our home we celebrate Jesus
rising from the dead on this day this is
just kind of like the fun little added
things to the holiday so now guys that
we've opened up our Easter baskets we're
gonna go do the story egg yes can you
bring that with you we're gonna read a
story about it I'm gonna hold the palm
egg near the building or maybe the House
of Prayer they now had a reason to blame
him surely he would confess
maybe you're not ready for breakfast yet
no homo people love it step it is oh
yeah you're right it is there you go
ever you can have it no it's frozen bull
cereal everybody looks so nice Easter
morning April Fool's for you though yeah
April Fool for Andrew to Abram though
look at this guy
and Stephanie of course you've got
something nice you guys right with us
Andrea happy Easter April Fool's Easter
happy Easter happy Easter guys Tim happy
Easter burn my dad said to me my
brother's on a trip all the way back
home I was riding and in the car
I remember looking at the back of his
head and how soft his head looked and I
wanted to touch it so bad I didn't know
how to provoke my dad I was afraid to
even touch him and just like I wanted to
kill his hair so bad how everybody's
father and that was a kind of
relationship by hugging them I did take
the risk and I did touch his hair and I
did about AI but he didn't respond at
all he just let me Pat his hair thus off
his head I've ever felt but I'm thankful
that now I have a relationship with a
good father who is so consistent and I
don't there's no shame no fear each time
I turn to him I know exactly how is my
response made every single time
my brothers and I were playing this game
called coop where you toss around wooden
blocks kuva's wooden block in a
different language I'm not sure which
one but basically you got a knock down
all the blocks and it's a really fun
game and I played out a mint retreat and
I bought it and actually arrived today
which is funny because it's Easter and
it's perfect Jessica's here she's being
our cheerleader are you cheering for
nice stack those boys stack them up and
the trick is to get all the curves on
our side and then knock down the King
which is right there
just a fun yard game
I first broke out in the house oh my
gosh
careful select request skateboard the
batteries on the ground that cells are
red-hot doesn't my brand new board oh my
gosh dude cool oh my gosh
get out Andrew what came in breathing
here yeah we're fine go you go that's a
lot of smoke does my brand-new
skateboard it blew up guys okay yeah Joe
oh you did oh they need to know these
things anyway cuz my board brand new
board exploded yeah my skateboard I was
my skateboard I plugged it in this
morning I'm glad I didn't go up over a
church the house we've been going yeah
don't be scared buddy yeah you guys did
good coming out here Nia grab the baby
and the chair I don't understand what's
happening it's just like look like a
firecrackers I'm glad nobody was back
there Church yeah what the kids are back
there playing I've gotta go up in the
windows he says smoke alarms work yeah I
was coming open those holy smokes that
goes Easter I'm like Josh what in the
world
freaking nuts that was a hot fire oh
yeah it was this was a big flame I felt
like an April Fool's joke at first
that's like huge freakin flames from
their football no I saw it soon as it
was happening
and I know it's happening either I came
around I saw a skateboard a second
exploding
good have a stack of firewood there why
won't we
the wall was on fire though carry comb
that was my skateboard I got a new
skateboard and it basically exploded an
electric fire yeah Mike Mallen stuff all
right it's a brand new board just came
out on the market all right actually
don't really hit the market yet honestly
it's a Kickstarter campaign Rachel fell
while she's running out she's running
out she run around the floor
guys I'm sorry you got to say goodbye to
your bowling game you say hi to the
fireman
as the kids are getting something out of
this that's what the other firefighters
they sit back here while the drivers sit
up there and that cool
you gotta sit in the chair Sina
walkie-talkie that's a walkie-talkie now
you can put out fires the next fire you
can put it out just kidding guys the
house did not catch on fire
April Fool's it caught on fire April
Fool's that were eating outside this is
even better
I can't even tell you how thankful I am
that everybody's okay
Julia could have been sitting on that
horse I was right next to the board as a
kids playroom they all could have been
in there unless they were exploding home
God definitely had his hand protection
University and or else because we
could've been our church when this
happened Abram is really emotional about
it he's tired - yeah well hiding his
drags again this time real easter eggs
right Jessica with real candy debt what
are you eating we have big eggs big
surprise eggs so we are now in the
process of making some special a
proposed eggs we're gonna superglue them
shut putting change in law Andrew your
job is opening super glue okay can I
open the eyes you open the eyes won't
put the eyes on the ones that are
special which those ones we're making
right now
yeah this is money get open
honey wait door
that's print guys for getting the grapes
unwrapping these yeah unwrapping the
grape suppose it's an office I don't
know since you're so good I'm going to
give you a little taste of what we have
back there
you can have one chocolate okay take one
you know pink for young boy okay there
you go you can have a great is everybody
ready back there on your mark get set go
hunt for the eggs come on they're so
excited to get to say
go dump it out get some more fine Wow
Stephanie's already going to burst
second round
Oh daddy you doing so good
Wow kick it to mommy
your wife's expecting yes no church
today Sam also told the whole entire
church with a microphone in his hands
that I was expecting what do we got what
everybody gay right
it's a beautiful heart have you got a
fruit roll-up do those these would be my
favorite carob one yeah
okay kids but wait I've got one more
you've got it ending our Easter with
bubble fun well you guys today has been
a very big mixture of emotions and
events but it's been great and I'm just
so grateful to God that we are alive
we're okay they could have been so much
worse I completely thought that Symphony
was in here wherever the fire started I
thought she had something to do with it
because I just didn't see where she was
at and I mean no just freaked me out so
bad I thought she was getting burned and
I just oh man my heart it was just not
okay for a little while there but it's
okay now we're all okay if you've ever
been in a house fire experienced one
tell us about it in the comments below I
feel like this is an experience that I
never saw coming and totally felt
surreal and like out an out-of-body
experience while it was happening but
anyways let's do comment of the day I'm
going to keep it short and sweet and it
comes from Athena art that was so good
Happy Easter
we'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other at the Easter family basic what
really
