good morning guys welcome to Shawnee
National Forest Eclipse Comic Con it's
going to be interesting
these are real Power Ranger puts rays
away we're gonna go get some wood start
a fire
we may have to eat some raw meat not
boys together
Andrew me and Matthew good morning guys
welcome to Shawnee National Forest we
got in to our site which is right there
like 4:30 a.m. Matthew got lost first of
all it took us an hour of the way so we
had to go back and then we couldn't find
the campsites took us forever to finally
find one and when we got in we just
pitched the tent and everybody just
passed out so we all woke up around 11
o'clock and we're just playing with my
new pellet gun
where we had at gentlemen Carbondale
Illinois hwagok-dong holes somebody's
got me beat on the biggest emoji
carbondale guys the best place on solar
eclipse
find a parking spot look they have
official Carbondale eclipse parking
signs that's not even a sticker Micah do
you want a fair
I've got so much trouble finding these
glasses on Amazon completely sold out
everywhere look at all these this is
like gold
this is your art it's awesome can't
carve this and you make cards like with
these little gouges like these where you
at your rubber face
we're at SIU and Carbondale we're gonna
come back home okay
we don't know what we're gonna see here
but something related to the Eclipse and
superheroes it's going to be pretty cool
Eclipse Comic Con it's gonna be in
Tucson
I won't look in here leave this my very
first comic-con
that's so cool that's an eclipse call my
parent
three different captains here please
wow this is so fun Captain America he's
seen you toys you like game oh yeah
these are real Power Rangers but Ranger
wear blue blue this is yellow ranger
I'll tell you what the show
Oh indeed you see one just want to start
trad dad
can you throw a hologram out most I can
do is the high-powered LEDs
they already water tank did you make it
you built it we found the best Captain
America of all is this a greyhound that
is so cool my house was bigger I would
buy it
down here so get this one off
that's a big one do they have small ones
because we just need it for tonight
there we go here we are we're huggers
were shopping for dinner and breakfast
tomorrow for the Eclipse day and guess
what we're having for breakfast for the
good today
no the cool
I'm gonna good idea oops pancakes what
any good we made it back to the campsite
we're gonna go get some wood start a
fire come on get some wood because what
thick is this still pretty good I know
we saw that what is that we had a couple
neighbors these guys these guys are now
this guy
no right there Samuel listen put the
squid on the railroad why don't we go
down there
wow this guy's brave are you ready he's
gone
and that's how we're taking our shower
or bath out here we've succumbed to this
neighbors lighters and we're still
having all the trouble to get the fire
going to cook our hamburgers we may have
to eat some raw meat tonight boys
alright guys let's make some coffee mugs
there's one
Jimmy wants delicious wipe it on they're
sloppy and he's got his massive ass oh
yeah he almost lost the precious meat
after good squirrel knee really good for
me we ran out of meat so we're doing
some grilled cheese how you like that
girl cheese we're gonna yeah I made a
special sauce you can at least talk
about the sauce and phenomenal he took
in the wood for something better
here's our neighbors
is a yummy very sweet and good
there was a cup of coffee looks like tea
deandre doesn't like the coffee because
you love them oh yeah you're scared some
bugs
I'm not scared honey you don't want to
eat bugs rubber can't be come on dude
I'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love each other in this together
we made it back to the campsite we're
gonna go get some wood start a fire my
those guys machete
