I meant to the airport guys in this
together good morning come here give
your dad huggy kissy what is that oh my
gosh Julie yeah you find anything why
thank you
I meant to the airport guys can you
guess who I'm picking up it's a big
surprise I'm so excited or where is he
or she there is that scoundrel dude I
can't prepared man
you know there you go hey hey don't
think oi good dude love in the mirror
thanks why'd you cut yours just trimmed
it up it looks so crazy so we're on the
brother trip David and drew in Matthew
my oldest brother the second oldest
little brother and my twin brother we're
going camping and where we going that
it's called Carbondale Illinois
Carbondale Illinois and we're gonna see
the solar eclipse greater wrote true yes
well you guys got a tag on Instagram
okay Rader wrote results we get together
here just us yeah yeah first time and
we're gonna be together for four days
we're making a little pit stop and
surprising my mom she doesn't no idea
what coming over she loves her boys
mailman mill man I have the package
landshark mailman
mom did we surprise you such a big
surprise my brother wherever I see our
girl hi can we get five covert double
baking Deluxe's Mike you give me a car
wash
can you clean the tires yeah the tires
we've been driving a lot dude know where
we've been driving on what's dirty
we're in Arkansas guys
we are stuck in solar you know that
everything so that little tiny bit of
red is taking us an Al where to get
through took us an hour to get from here
to here approximate now we gotta get to
hear it all the way up here at five
hours then one two three it's like four
hours maybe how did you get'em liquify
tool maybe your ability the picture of
David just staring at it yeah
we do now
all right you guys super excited we are
making a pit stop here in the Hope
Arkansas I like this city looks like
Michael found something he likes and
that's pretty cool looks kind of
medieval oh the goats and your pants
doterra pants where's David going roof
is caved in it looks kind of cool really
dangerous guys this town is kind of
rundown but I think there's a lot of
Hope in it guys I got it
Sam's lodging for accepting what did you
look at Bill Clinton's on vocal cord in
there are you sir yes there's a nice
foreskin really like a bought
circumcision nice mat you just find a
truck that you like out of here we're
gonna change to the lamppost the truck
is that Bill Clinton's car we're gonna
get a picture from this classic car
since we've never seen a traffic card
the locals are like you got to be joking
me we're gonna hash tag Bill Clinton's
first truck guys guys check this out
this was both first car Rowley oh it's a
train okay
oh look guys there's access to the
railroad
Andrews been in the car too long I
forgot how to walk keep them in the
middle keep them in the middle do you
guys want something in here after dinner
then you better be good at the table
Michael thinks we've been just to this
guy's name Andrew Andrew Andrew we're
talking our brother don't mean it
confuse you Andrew Andrew where we're
going to sit Andrew oh gosh Peck Roberto
comes with a corn bread right rolls yeah
Braden biscuit biscuit yeah it was the
biscuits and cornbread
Matt made some matter for me
come on boys let's get back on the road
all right we have six hours left and I
got a little snack for the road you guys
ready to see what I got
Red Vines every there's the pooling
pillow they have the minis they have the
black by night slugger and they have the
original slowing down or anything oh
he's running free it is honey he's
working for me please
oh my god that was terrifying oh wait no
it was actually really terrifying
watching that whole crazy collision have
to stop and go help someone gosh what's
crazy is we got to say you're going the
wrong way in real life we've always said
that replace trains automobiles or
actually that was quite scary guys we're
still about an hour to our campsite
works we're gonna be standing we're
gonna go to a national park won't be
staying there until Monday the solar
eclipse long it's the spot where you can
see the solar eclipse lasts longer which
is 2 minutes and 40 seconds but um I'll
see you guys tomorrow I don't know how
you guys are gonna get this I don't know
if it's gonna come out way later cuz I
don't have the internet but don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other oh you can't make it on your own
I don't have my shoes on and I'm doing
this come on dude seriously
