you guys you guys when you hear the
coolest news ever it is first in school
Abram and mommy are starting something
new as well and then when he wakes up
it's gonna be like right in the middle
of the eclipse
I am the sole super pup you see it
I see your eyes in there good morning
2nd grader in school it is I've got a
yummy breakfast on the table for you
happy birth day of school happy first
day of school good morning today is
gonna be kind of a rough day for her hey
buddy can you tell symphony something
sweet for her first day of school
enrollment we're gonna miss this baby
this big big biggest baby in the house
good morning guys not even 7:00 a.m. yet
and I'm up and I'm dressed and so does
everyone else what kind of almost we're
all Inu vs Hey well I was just saying
our tradition is that bebo comes over
wish symphony off to school yeah baby
boom you're here I like this purple
shirt
this kind of looked like one of my um
first great outfit yes it did
and I look here I'm all about the first
day of school pictures and Abram is such
a ham everything take a bite of me take
one of me little cutie are you ready yes
you look ready it is time for our
picture smile - first day of school okay
all nice and take ready to go
okay Symphony now it's time to tell the
viewers bye they don't get to go past
this point with you we're all going to
miss you today
this year's symphony school is enforcing
mentors the administrator had all of the
upper school kids like seven through 12
line up all the way around the gym they
made a big square so she said okay upper
school students go and find a lower
school student and you are their buddy
for the rest of this school year you
will be who they look up to as an
examples look at that silly girl thank
you for coming mom hi hi net pardon are
you all right guys back home Abram and
mommy are about to have a scooter race
oh yeah Josie's swangin ready
all right and with the school year in
session Abram and mommy are starting
something new as well and we are gonna
do every single day for a hundred days
the teacher child to read in 100 easy
lessons you ready buddy all right even
try the SL we're gonna do the S point to
the S now move it across and land on the
bond seis okay buddy it's my turn and I
go first I'm gonna say motorboat now I'm
gonna say it fast and I'm gonna say
motorboat now it's your turn wait until
I tell you to say it first
say motor now say boat now say it fast
motorboat month oh one more time please
but about one more time please what does
the M say M no try it on your own show
me which one is me and which one is good
job buddy you did good very good job
today buddy you do more tomorrow hey
buddy look out window what do you see
out there do you see darker light I see
right well do you know that when the
Eclipse happens it's gonna get darker
we're having an eclipse today you guys
daddy is off chasing the Eclipse and
he's gonna watch it there special
glasses so we're gonna watch it get dark
through the windows if I look out my
window eyes only if you go outside and
look straight at the Sun without special
glasses will it mess up your eyes how
can I get those glasses back daddy honey
we're not gonna give any glasses we're
late we didn't order any and all the
stores are sold out yeah I called every
single store in our town and in
neighboring towns nobody has any glasses
you guys you guys want to hear the
coolest news ever I made a Facebook post
asking if anyone had found glasses last
minute and we're and my neighbor Sally
right next door was like hey we have an
extra pair you can borrow I'm so excited
all my gosh you guys I wanted to go to
Symphony school and watch this with her
so stinkin bad and I'm just so excited
I'm kind of shaking I'm so excited now
we have the glasses and it's gonna work
out it's gonna be amazing
but you guys guess what I'm wearing this
sweater in the middle of summer because
I just don't many as much video
something make sure you go over there
and watch it I'm doing a pretty big fall
giveaway I would say at the very least
$200 worth of stuff being given away
maybe even more I could just be doing
the math really wrong which I probably
am and usually do get those glasses I am
just so super pumped I've had so much
coffee today I've been up to 6 o'clock
and I'm just like oh it's hard and
really excited probably need to sit down
person I also have had nothing to eat
yet today and it's like almost noon oh
thank you Miss Sally you're the best
I'm so excited yeah these are dark oh my
guys this is so cool I can't see all
that I see the Sun there now y'all are
blocking the Sun and now you're not it's
happening a little bit there's a tiny
tiny tiny tiny little looks like a
nibble out of a piece of cheese oh my
gosh it's so beautiful Wow the holy spit
it's gonna be clips just in about 30
minutes 2530 minutes
oh really I got the glasses do you wanna
go look at the Sun with me yeah okay
don't look at the Sun yet it will hurt
your eyes come here kay you won't be
able to see they're totally dark now
look up at the Sun way up here you see
it do you see how there's like a little
lump in the Sun there's like a little
there's a little chunk like it looks
like a mouse took a bite out of it
doesn't it that's the moon the moon is
coming to cover the sign up you guys see
it you guys are wearing the glasses
right now did the lump get bigger Abram
yeah that means more of the moon is
covering the Sun now the moon is sliding
over God
yes he is you excited to go to sissy
school getting bigger all right you're
no longer head it out it's getting
darker you guys it's hard to tell but
it's definitely getting like a shadier
Sun going down type of look out here
we're at the school now the Crescent is
getting smaller and smaller look up to
the sky and find the Sun what's the
shape of it when it started it was a
total complete circle Tiffany your first
day of second grade is over and we
missed you symphonie requested for her
after-school snack Sonic we got tater
tots
cheese sticks and dr. pepper dream we're
all excited to hear what was the best
part of second grade I keep saying first
tell me the very best part getting my
supplies or your school supplies your
books and stuff organizing your desk
the little ones hang out with me a while
I worked at traffic thanks Nana oh I had
a official second grader and she
requested water
No
income
you guys I can't even handle this bath
baby right now she is all over the right
Juliet I'm gonna hey it's all right
buddy it's time to get you ready for
your first day of school tomorrow
we need jammies we got to get our first
date outfit out waiting for you okay
buddy do you have any questions about
tomorrow the first day of school I'm
gonna blame my Hollywood Bowl but I'm
gonna bring it inside cool okay you
can't do any question yeah what I love
you're so different I asked her that
question last night she asked me about
10 questions or 15 or something I loved
it I I want them to ask me their
question so I can ease many of their
fears or concerns you know little kids
and their concerns not in their you this
is where we do Bible time a little
chunky all right it's time to unbox the
first day of school bag we've got one
lunch box that looks like it got stains
on farm steel we have got oh the inside
of lunch box made it home let's see if
there's anything in there yes we've got
two leftover pepper stems and these in
Trish okay guys it's time in the night
where we do song time and we usually
when it's just me and Sam's on here I
like first this thing as a family a song
to Jesus and I want to teach the kids a
new one so are you guys ready to learn a
new fun song for Jesus all right guys I
need you to stand up if I were a
kangaroo I hopped around like a wobbly
whoo
and I just thank you Father for making
me me
if our slithery snake I played around
all night and all day and I just thank
you Father for making me me guys
everyone's in bed I have two spoons cook
up my other one may for what a breath of
fresh air normally I do the whole first
day of school thing with Sandy and we do
like everything together today she was
at their toes bad day I'm introducing
sandy to cookie butter I've never heard
of this cookie butter well I'm sorry for
your diet because it's just gonna glide
okay guys it's really late and I'm
really sleepy I'm gonna do comment of
the day it comes from Haley may never
seen somebody so excited about a half
empty bottle of catering that was pretty
hilarious oh my goodness he took a drink
of it and he was like I don't like it it
was kind of rude actually but he's so
cute he was like it anyways guys first
day of second grade is in the books
tomorrow is Abraham's first day like a
preschool something second a second
grade so we will power through tomorrow
as well don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other I'll be the
hand that you can hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
but in this together
Oh Oh you guys are sweet
