morning guys I have got one volt today I
love my hair for the first time in a
very very very long time I was not
prepared or seven years old fun fact
Juliet is wearing symphonies baby shoes
today in this together good morning guys
I have got one volt
today well this morning yeah our family
to church on time and fully clothed them
or Cepeda the kids already
guys I don't know why your son zoomed in
what happened I love my hair for the
first time in a very very very long time
I am so stinking excited so they are
Netflix ended up I'm not to wake up to
you again and we were gonna go one time
oh yeah she's yeah she got her now being
on stage oh she went down not yet not
yet
wicked Symphony she matches her Bible so
cute it matches you perfectly go on in
big girl with your new sized shoes
and so when you're deciding what is my
family about I hope that God's design
and God's command for his people and his
church but your mission and your vision
for your family is reflecting those hey
guys so everyone's napping Sunday nothin
and I am getting ready for some stuff
for back to school today sandy and I are
doing our annual back-to-school photo
shoot with Symphony and Tufts I've got
to get my little sign all prepared first
day of school outfit ready we're going
to cuffs house to take pictures he
usually comes to our house but they have
all this new property so we're gonna go
to their house I'm gonna wake up the
other kids do you wanna wake up Juliet
or Abram yeah and ready to brush your
hair second right here you come
strike a pose
fun fact Juliet is wearing symphonies
baby shoes today I know
do you remember recall those she wore
those for like a while I kept fitting
new sizes in them
now we're doing individual pictures
Instagram at near girl 9 at ABC
underscore sandy ii they don't have to
focus they go and run to a tree and look
how cute they just automatically get
dinner back to school Bible time you get
all ready so Cynthia can get nice and
rested for tomorrow alright sister so
what do you wish for second grade I wish
that right away
I can be able to do my homework and I'll
be able to meet my new for welcome can
you read what it serve it's a 2 for a
second grade and then an in Inadi second
ah ah
I cannot tidy things do you like them
feeling better Symphony bomb in Los
Angeles any had a little moment I got
head second and um I didn't wanna eat it
mister cute I thought you felt better
now because mommy had a video of it
alright you guys baby is down oh look at
my babies
and it is time for the night before back
to school prayer so Symphony do you have
any prayer requests I don't get good
sleep and my dream job I'll get to dream
okay since symphonies first day back to
school tomorrow she gets to choose our
song tonight we're doing one song all
together but tonight you because it'll
be
it's back
symphonie loves her veggies her favorite
snacks are little grape tomatoes cheese
cubes fresh sweet peppers little things
like this however as we get further into
the school year I will probably do one
Zima unhealthy snack a day I like to do
lots of like veggies and fruits and then
also like I'll throw in a fruit snack or
a beef jerky Pringles or just something
that's like a little on the unhealthy
side and I don't always do this trust me
there are times when I get busy and I'm
doing like Lunchables whatever Centex I
can find something to grocery store yet
I definitely of those moments but I try
to stay in the routine of like all
healthy and fresh things in her lunchbox
or easy to grab things that are not
super unhealthy like if I'm getting like
little hundred calories cheese it back
instead of like stuffing a ziploc bag
full of cubed so I'm just trying to do
really good at that this year towards
name of the year definitely get lazy
with it but I've got symphony and
Abramson try to balance that
I am trying to just stay on top of
things all seeing it's gone I've been
laundry to do I got to get some sleep
cuz I'm not used to getting up at 6
o'clock in the morning
just kidding I'm not actually gonna do
my laundry with you guys but it is time
for comment of the day and today it goes
to Mary Horton oh man I'm sorry you guys
had such a rough day but like someone
else in the comments pointed out it is a
comfort to know we're not alone in our
day-to-day problems it makes you very
relatable love you all that is such a
good point and probably one of my most
favorite things about vlogging is that
we have so many of you out there who we
relate to and who relate to us and that
is just such a good feeling just like
our theme song says we're in this
together we really are in this together
not in this video but in this thing of
motherhood and marriage and home
ownership or housewife nastain home
mommies raising multiple kiddo
everything we're in this together and
it's just such a blessing to know that
we are not alone I was not prepared for
seven years old to be such an emotional
age I wouldn't say so much dramatic but
just more on the emotional side of
things she gets worked up pretty easily
things hurt her feelings more easily
than than normal anyways guys I just
thought I would share that with you a
real mommy moment for me this weekend
and today she does have her first day of
second grade tomorrow daddy's gone
that's probably a big game-changer for
her because he is always here we always
take her to school together we walk her
in together and so that's gonna be
different but anyways guys I hope you
will join me tomorrow for symphonies
first day of second grade not only
because it's sweet and special but
because I am momming it up alone over I
am doing the whole mom schedule for two
whole days anyways guys I will see you
guys tomorrow each and every one of you
come to life with me don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
I'll be
that you can't hold when you can't make
it on your own I promise you and not
alone
but in this together
we can say
strike a pose what animation is then
