Oh see you Monday friends taking look
helper is the Snuggle buggies are so
excited to service my little daughter
image together good morning guys we are
all getting ready for symphonies back to
school second grade party combined with
a little girl's birthday party from her
class time for me to get ready I went
swimming yesterday I'm going again I'm
excited about it but I think I wanna
wear different swim top when you see
white target top is the winner
high four and swimmer me are you guys
ready to see the Merman of the party
it's Brooke what's your merman name you
got to come up with like like Pegasus or
what's that guy
Triton straight okay go be a merman this
is your throne sighted are you gonna
kill baby
bye see you Monday friends hi guys were
headed off to play right now we are
actually going to a local park well not
local to here but like an area where
Howell is having such a hard time with
not having sandy at these events now I
mean there was a sort of like a weight
on my heart at this party
I've got a lot of fun I just really
really miss Amy I was telling one of the
other moms like I have gone through
every phase of life with me by my side
in this time of year okay time for some
more water fun but first I've got to
reapply sometimes okay why are we here
you might be asking yourself well a good
friend of mine Rachel she make hair bows
and I ordered a couple for Symphony for
second grade so we were going to meet up
and get them and I said well hi not the
funny part it's just a good location for
both of us to meet I think we both was
about ten minutes from this part I was
not quite thinking about the kids being
in the Sun all morning but they were
there's a lot of shade and some of that
and we won't be here for too long maybe
like 3540 minutes
so it'll be good it is very hot I feel
my skin burning I just put sunscreen
so just long while I ran into two high
school friends here's this is Jennifer a
long long time looks awesome and our
friend Nikki and Chris they're over
there they have a shady spot and they're
like you can join us a little yes thank
you
oh my gosh is gonna bravery whispers you
our friends have extra water gun Abram
is going to be excited Abram look like
my friend has for you you guys hello I'm
back at the cities along to eat my hair
just have a little bit of orange to it
and as time goes on it's getting a
little orange ER and you cannot agree
this issues like just come in and we're
going to fix it up so I'm back Michaela
is at the house of the kid and you guys
are going to get three trips on my hair
all over again
okay I'm soaking once again sorry guys
even McKenna was saying my hair looked
orange in here it did not really look
that way when I left her salon the other
day
Oh finally home guys and look oh no
don't you want you to let her go okay
any luck he'll Perez is the smuggle
buggies are one exciting thing about
daddy being gun is dense manly girl
we're going to share a bed denied you to
sleep with mommy and guess what I have
picked out unmoving and we're going to
watch it in my bed together
what's nothing at work
guys this is a childhood favorite
whining just hearing this theme song I
guess I'm not the theme song at the
opening song they brought like it kinda
got me choked up in my chest a little
bit I just love this movie I'm so
excited to share this with my little
daughter
so we'll see you guys tomorrow it is the
day before back-to-school we got some
cool fun cute stuff planned and we can't
wait to see you guys there
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other I'll be the hand that
you can't hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not alone
puttin this together
one exciting thing about daddy being
gone Wow red-faced
