don't try standing where you Koreans on
it should be renamed me on the iPad wait
what's going on here should be here
tomorrow but a heavy dose put an image
together good morning guys are you today
everything is going great here at the
waited out ready to the rail it later
I'm going to stupid mood hey you did you
have fun at beep wait what is going on
here I said cashew Abram is getting some
screen time
hey bro pie where do Legos go back to
the egg whoa well hello there she is
she's on the excess what do you know
that our bad character is very very very
silly silly silly sorry what was that
Tiffany renamed me on the iPad hey Siri
what's up with you concert CrossFit is
up with you hey Siri say my name
you're Samuel but you asked me to call
you Sam you are weird silly silly silly
silly silly silly silly silly Sam I did
not mean this place that I meant to make
it here I spent Siri but you put down
sure mother I can't I don't know how you
do that I know how you told her to call
me that
Symphony is making a craft did you get
this with me Belle let me see your
pattern so far can I take a peek at it
wow that's looking really nice I like
how you have the blue like kind of
tucked away inside the middle one in
this little non set your boat broke well
so when it's time to iron it we're going
to fight it we sure are
hello buddy how's it going good your
shirt looks kind of like spider-man yeah
she's bringing you a car Juliet say hi
Elijah hey I swear it sounds like she's
saying your name and I guess that is so
nifty symphony how are you - posted me
for putting them in write it - no it's
harder than you
to get them out or to put them in just
like you know Juliet baby hey guys how's
it going today I went swimming earlier
with some friends and I didn't take you
guys along
I just the kids were with my mom's I
just mean Juliet and it was kind of a
relaxing morning just talkin chattin by
the pool and it was really cool this
morning I took advantage of having like
all of their rooms to myself without
anyone playing in them well except
Juliet she was kind of toddling around
but check it out I fully organized
symphonies closet for school so from
here to here our school clothes I know
it doesn't seem like a lot but at the
same time it does seem like a lot I
don't know is it a lot or not so the
only problem I had one item on my list
that I had urged for and search for
inserts worn as a black short sleeved
polo shirt I could have sworn that I
ordered one online from children's place
I got my children's place box in open up
everything and there is no shortly black
polo shirt that is what she needs for
the first day school they go with her
adorable black sparkly shoes and her
cute little black and hot pink emoji bow
and it didn't even come I thought that's
what I ordered it specifically with the
first day of school in mind it was in
here so I found one on Amazon in its
children's place too we have Prime so it
should be here tomorrow but I highly
doubt that
it may hurt a little bit like that blue
and makes electricity Stephanie I got
something for back-to-school for you we
might want to organize it in it okay I
told you guys in the previous vlog that
Symphony school does not require her to
bring school supplies well this year
they changed one tiny little thing and
asked us to send our very own pencil so
I got simply some really cool pencil
they say really cool things on them all
at Symphony read them to use and here's
that and of course if your pencils you
need a pencil case and what better
pencil case man yeah it purple somebody
is really into Fox's right now I don't
know where that came from okay now I'm
going to read them to you and you in you
in you in you I'm going to feel to
service works one they're pretty sharp
and number two pencils oh yeah you're
really pretty you are just so fun I am
really fine Joe you're a total champ yes
you totally can your Fisher than lemony
fresh refresher you make it rain
rainbows
we got to take it to the back to the
pool area now lead the way girlfriend
well you're leaving fast I can't keep up
with this is our official back to school
area we've got lunch box
we have pencil case we have that we have
our box you're going to white inner
white that's true getting back to school
cray-cray up in half
back to back school oh yeah
okay symphony made up a back to school
phone to write and what is your first
day back to school and are you as
excited as we are we were kind of not
excited at the beginning of summer
symphony would smell mole iffy but I
think she's totally on board now mom to
the store Home Depot huffing do laughter
I think they need a lot force yes
because I am binocular just to see if I
can find perfect are like dirty pretty
much yeah do you know what I like about
Terra Walmart guys people tear Walmart
they don't judge you you just come as
you are did everything give you a second
look I could come like that like these
pants show me which way
pay me through the doors first don't you
take one out for my truck I do like them
I didn't mean you
alright nearly cool thanks for getting
all these yellow snow scraps yellow
yellow and yellow Tiffany you know your
puppy's going out of town tomorrow right
oh yeah no yeah I'm going for the whole
weekend
don't cry screaming hey what are you
crying about it I'll be back up to the
weekend I wasn't expecting that reaction
sweetie I want you to take care of your
mommy for me okay and your little
brother and your little sister here's
the biggest child in the family okay so
you got to cut take my place for a few
days okay can you put that in the window
Florine no it goes on the inside see
what it looks like come on get it up
there do it come on get it up there can
you manage okay I need help I'm never
using my car before never never have
ever yeah oh it's funny huh I like it
good choice in me that is really cool I
love it honey I'm home
I can did you actually know why because
I got it
thank you are you doing
drop them for me to step another step
around yes Nathan your buddy is thank
you
I love you buddy pretty funny
are you asleep okay I need your help
a lotta gummy bears we are doing a
little back-to-school bag that says
let's have a very good year want to grab
a bag and fill it up
ah
don't forget we love you and remember to
have a very very good night
I'll be the hairnet you can't hold when
you can't make it on your own I promise
you and not alone but in this together
they
I'll give you a hint I really like that
one whoever dice please now
