good morning I have to rush home
seriously did the dumbest thing of my
life somewhat is here you guys are not
going so many things happen we'll get to
keep my cool couple of them in this
together
you
good morning fan to the beads of the
edges as I see you morning daddy
damn I see you we're getting but very
Jam this morning on a little dust get
does this little beauty over here made
breakfast today
fun fact with guys my favorite sandwich
going up was butter and jelly aces
smother butter all over my bread and
Julia ate that all the time well we're
here to share of a sandwich
comment below yeah I was like symphony
and I didn't really like bread wrung out
so I didn't really like doing I also
like mayonnaise peanut butter man a my
why yeah company had to leave the room
over that one symphony is not a fan of
mayonnaise or peanut butter to do it out
there I didn't like I don't like either
of those things million kids are having
sleepovers tonight who do you think
they're with let's give them a hand okay
um he loves Judy I promise I want to say
mayonnaise if you need becoming packing
for sleepovers
you
check it out guys before my big girl go
she's matching with her little sister
look that's so cute how did it make you
feel when you imagine Julia and makes me
feel happy when I wished for something
on my build-a-bear I wished for a little
sister and then she's right there and I
love matching with her because she's my
dream come true
oh look so sweet
but he has waiting for very well where
you guys sleep at dealer's house both of
these together wow this is my what doggy
is just like well I can I add some more
and place all this why I brought my
speedy car that you and mommy taught me
and I'm bringing my PJs and extra pair
and Teddy and Teddy's little sister
I mean Juliet are having a day together
alone my mommy's leaving just gonna be
me and there was a major thunderstorm
last night and Oreo was so cute she came
in a bed and snuggled real close to me
like really close she put her head like
in my neck is just so sweet I can't get
exactly what she's doing
somebody's here get off me faster get it
on come on get it on in 20 hours go
hurry come on something gosh go about
you come on and hurry run right
hurry man to live you go guys right on
the car horn hurry go run run one guy
come on relieve you go all right I love
you goodbye you guys are keeping him for
five nights is that right uh I thought
tomorrow no tomorrow thank you
you can have them for fine man's eye I
was kidding by the way I cannot do
without my kid for five days no way they
don't have to go to school really they
start school within five days I don't
know that
first total play little rocky good luck
yeah she run above level keeping the
bubble keep my lovely the bubble guy
precise cooking
clearly forgot to wake up Juliet she has
overslept by seven minutes for the
project crashing morning napping over
Juliet take a 30 minute morning nap and
then she takes about a two hour
afternoon nap we went down with you
where you gonna go ain't going to see
daddy you got it daddy
somebody had to come see you first thing
after nap oh so cute you like to call
our bedroom up to her now and now it's
my turn to head out do you guys know I'm
going
I am at a new hair place there is a girl
that goes to church lives just
phenomenal here all right Andrea you're
watching I love you so much but one of
your scroll attract I'm here in Hospice
in Cana I'm so horrible at describing
what I want done to my hair so bad for
my skin my hair but it kind of really
smart so she's going to pick it out I
know some fresh home seriously
did the dumbest things of my life I
probably about frying my hair off stuck
in traffic I locked the front door
Sana's logged on the house I don't even
know this is a nightmare the baby's
inside napping I don't even know like
how to fix the situation I'm going home
as fast as I can in about thirty minutes
away
the traffic is absurd I can hardly get
past any of the red lights that is a
great get through eighty of the green
lights on turning red I'm sweating like
freaking I don't know what you call it
and of course Here I am at the red light
oh gosh my hair is gonna fly off like
you're such a brave act like you don't
even hardly have an hour
horrible absolutely horrible how could I
let this happen I just I just thought
our back door was unlocked and Sam was
working in the back yard so I lost the
front door are dissipated now being and
Sam's in the back yard can come in
through the back door and all I've
totally just
I just think I want to throw up probably
going to throw myself on turning right
at the end of the tunnel guys if I fry
my hair I'll set the cutoff counselor
here and grow back out simple in science
not the end of the world I need to calm
down
now I'm just worried about babies I'm
not that worried cuz I'm only like 15
minutes away and if she does wake up Sam
can just stand up on the window and like
her baby I'm right here just a minute
chris is low there's no way she can get
out of it like no way at all because
it's so low hello hello I'm just was
freaking out the last time I was walking
and now I'm not freaking out too much
also driving very close because there's
so much traffic r3p my is so much
traffic capri pants
Oh dansgame cameras on you have to
control yourself
oh wow did you see that he told us all
of his knives at me huh he's getting
guys how much harder out here when
you're like trying to stress uh-huh I'm
back and I lost my great party spot I
was way way way up there in the front I
just notice and was staring at me and I
look nuts rude I'm not often that weird
and then I heard my foils jingling
around to clean with retinoids back
their pink slip it in my head I've got a
cape on so that doesn't get all over my
shirt this isn't it soon as Lester come
to be back by 4:00 it's 358 right now as
we speak
calculation on the first floor just walk
right in terms of lesser grade or
something like that and we're done some
act like that you conducted in here I
need to cut it all off by you my ass I
was telling them like I'm if I don't
hurry I'm gonna have to go short
this is McKenna everyone we go to church
together at least ruffle and I have I
don't know if in Vedas are hard because
that sounds bad but I'm somewhat invade
the hair of the people she does in
church because I see them walking around
with like the most flawless looking hair
and like I don't get this for all my
hair soon I'm going to regret it I'm
glad I was able to get into kind of last
minute Sam's going doing something
really funny told you guys about what it
involves being away from me kids for the
weekend like a few days so Mike I'm
gonna be doing different hair done
on the night I made a disaster after
known in the whole tea situation
whatever back we're getting well I am
Singh the thought I can assure you we
get these adorable foils how many of you
get your hair colored with pink foils
okay now I'm just sitting here I don't
know what the next step is I think after
less of stuff process right that yeah
that was like left behind we liked it
part of my hair how to go drive sat
there for an hour in the know she's
colored the rest of my hair what a
ridiculous process for a first time to
it's not like I'm a usual one we have it
all down and play Callie yeah nothing
looks really blonde I know it's
different until you wash it out with a
pistol really crazy
I'm getting my very first ever blowout
okay guys we're now ready for an almost
reveal that's all I'm going to give you
right now my hair I know it's not a huge
difference but it's just you know
cleaning out freshening up my blonde and
got my first blowout we cannot you rock
I know I was gonna love it it looks so
good
there's a total has been like a frickin
four-hour the ordeal with me I'm going
to go home and stuff oh my gosh it looks
so good you guys don't you feel like
it's just like totally a freshen her up
from what I had but still kind of the
same still in the edge but a freshener
up I love it okay let's go get Sam's
reaction he's either going to say oh it
looks exactly the same
oh it looks so different or maybe he'll
say all you guys anything good enough I
know me Panamera crazier he's happy to
see me
but let's go really kind of ready you
guys one of you guys invite us to your
wedding Breanna and Robert I don't know
who this is
so I'm thinking you must be one of you
guys that is so cute thanks for the
invitation it's all the way in Alabama
tough to say if we were be able to make
it there but it's a really really really
cute invitation I want to show you guys
super cute
it's dinner time with just mommy and
Jules daddy had to go get some paint she
was so cute you guys I'm feeding her a
vegetable soup and she touched every
single one before she picked which one
she was gonna taste you like it mmm she
likes the noodles she liked the noodles
a lot you slippery huh are you going to
try your carrot I know you're thinking
how can one family talk about trying to
carrot Oh correction I didn't like them
and then I found a way to cook them more
like I love them it's now my favorite
side dish to any meal that we have the
way that I cook carrots I'll tell you go
talk with them it's really easy so you
can use like your insta pot and put
settings on whatever coconut oil salt
and pepper let them go or you can do it
in the oven you put it on for 15 to 18
minutes coconut oil salt pepper and when
they come out of the oven sprinkle them
with just a little bit of lemon juice
just a little bit they're so good
yeah sorry for the annoying baby voice
by the way hey Jerry I just can't help
it she's so cute I just comes out of me
the voices comes out that's what she
does when she wants more food or she
wants to nurse say more please whenever
I don't cook like a full meal because
you have so many teeth she doesn't need
baby food anymore I have fans of I think
it's called well yes it's like an
all-natural or all whole foods from
Campbell's soups really good it's just
like
fresher and not so salty and not so
greasy well I may not do everything
right as a mom but I at least get my
kids to eat their chariot I can say that
is a personal goal that I've had to get
my kids to eat more veggies and I feel
like I'm getting there slowly but surely
I just have to learn how to cook them
really really yummy you guys are not
good with this smartypants diet okay
Julia children
hi I'll see I don't get very much
one-on-one time with Julia
really I don't and I think it's so sweet
when the kids are both employed get
one-on-one time and that just hasn't
happened all summer long are you ready
to nurse I am nurse Oh guys it's almost
10 o'clock at night we having a dinner
yet I was very clean you'd like our used
to be spot and look what I got a peanut
Buster parfait we used to share these
with everyone what don't think about it
when he was gone up now we should be her
own but I like the same size that we
were back then guys today was one of the
worst days I've had in recent memory I
mean it was bad at one point I was like
this is the worst day in my life
oh really it was bad it was so bad so
many things happened guys I can't really
tell you a couple of them one of the
things was me and locking the baby in
the house and me outside while I'm
sitting in the chair was wet bleach on
my hair well I was soaking wet to get
broken to tell a video but I was soaking
wet and sweat and I was ready to get
inside and I go to the door and it's
locked and then I took down four screens
off four of the windows and bent them to
get to the windows and all the windows
were locked it was really frustrating
yeah what else okay I lost your keys I'm
trying to run an errand I did find them
but oh yeah he was younger in areas like
stay stuck and then a gallon of paint
spilled in the back of my truck gallon
paint all over the place because this
girl's rather know I've driven several
times with paint in the back of my truck
and they've never exploded they didn't
explode opened up well I had to drive
well I bet - listen I'm just kidding
yeah and then which I took me his car in
and she's supposed to come pick me up at
Firestone and she goes a block away from
Firestone knows I'm here maybe that's
just walk walk trot and then she goes
there she says I'm here so walk outside
if she's not there worried she's like oh
she facetimes Ashley oh I'm over here
can you just walk there like really just
come on the road and pick me up and
she's like but I want to drive just walk
over here you got to be kidding me
she's got to come back that way anyway
she's in the passenger seat already and
so but I don't want to drive and we kind
of already climbed over 2000 easy you
guys know that's not easy but then I
read the news about Barcelona took 13
people who were killed and that changed
everything for me my perspective like
flip is like I have absolutely nothing
to complain but I can't believe what
happened Barcelona our prayers
definitely go out to them so wasn't so
bad after all I still have my life I
still have my family my kids and
everything else I still have everything
but anyway it was a rough day thanks for
hearing me out guys
listen II ran comment of the day goes to
Rosa
Pasquale move it and by the way simply
taking Juliette out of the crib was cute
too they demand to be the first one to
see Juliette everyone
laughter national how did you going
before she does not take it so well
alright guys we will catch you tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other hey I'll be the hand
that you can hold when you can't make it
on your own I promise you and not alone
puttin this together
oh damn
can't they
