it's really happy I'm finally using and
I realized like hello wake up all be
okay getting any cake in this together
good morning guys it's really happen
there's our new dishwasher guys isn't it
pretty
look it has wheels a new dishwasher has
wheels you see the wheels on there
Abraham it's like a car dishwasher
there goes wheel I can finally use it
finally done and I can use it for the
very first time what a shiny dishwasher
oh wow
Wow Sam I'm really liking what I'm
seeing I'm loving it I just oh oh oh
start your dishwasher press this then
that then that Sam you're done but they
don't say look more like this this is
the user manual and instruction guides
or music classes I'm tempted to just
look at the bottom to see one figure it
out on but I probably do a deploy let's
go into Palestine you guys one update on
this horrible slime sale I believe it
was such a horrible fell I thought
because it turned out so perfectly the
first time in the bucket that I was
going to be able to like mastermind the
slime again yeah no the step to only
time that's ever been perfect for me
alright so here's one day later it looks
like I did way too much laundry
detergent and let's see it looks kind of
phony it looks like it's going to look
feel like Slom nope like really hard
rubber it feels like a tire it's trying
to pick some of it up and see what it
looks like yeah oh my gosh is disgusting
I wonder if there's another layer in
there
probably not that that's kind of what it
all is like until we put the last coat
of stuff on there gross she's like mom
what did you do what a cute little
jumper
she loves the trampoline and for a while
she was kind of getting fuzzy on it and
I was like I wonder what's gone on she's
getting so fussy and I realized like
Hello wake up call it's because she
didn't have shoes on most of the time
and there's little bits and pieces of
dried flowers and limbs and stuff on
there it's not like huge things but
enough probably make her feel
uncomfortable after about five or ten
minutes she's gonna change even vagina
doughnut oh he was too chill on it with
you you guys are going to have to excuse
my hair I was Marco poling my friend
earlier my hair was like kind of split
evenly on the sides like this
I look like those puppies that haha
the ears you know what I mean just
played outside half so muddy because I
played in the waterfalls and in the her
so everybody's having a bubble bath you
can all clean for the evening part of
the day and we have friends about to
come over okay here yeah come here yes
here yeah hey guys
baby painting my head room all of the
kids to like all of that pretty says you
can love a Matt yeah seen you going
through that bag clothes and I got ready
for Kade and this sure was still in my
bedroom so I went to go get it from her
I'm going to just in the back with her
but kinda heavy and happy with my stuff
here you go man but you're cute barely
wait for the Bears these pants we're
cuff passed down to a room pass back
down to K and let's pray the Knitting so
Vedic it's kind of Saturday I'm not out
a boy guy gets put in the mix of all
this clothes sharing otherwise we
wouldn't get to share anything that's
nice profit an irresolute us guess what
guys we have Planet double again okay
now I'm gonna spin the toilet thank you
so I can like gonna get it oh no this
means I might get if I get three I might
get it guys know tell me in the comments
below what you wish I would get guess
what I got one okay get my toilet light
please sit alone on the one let me know
in the comments below what you think I
got a to my face
tonight they're warming a performance
for the moment to end symphonies opening
what if you ever heard they are the moms
of this house never been invited my
mom's are coming in for the show yeah
yeah ticket ticket Thanks first off
it'll be tough Crocker hmm that's great
all kids our beds not big kid
he's eating Oreo fares just kidding
tonight I have a cute little area set of
over here I've got Netflix my markers
coloring book been a while since I use
this book this is what I'm working on
I'm doing like cross coloring peachy
color peachy color accent yellow yellow
green purple green purple I don't know
we'll see how it turns out you guys want
to see one that I started like two years
ago I worked on it a little bit tonight
too very repetitious I would leave with
a little little things out to take
breaks from it it gets too annoying but
yes just chilling and I'm a long time
alright guys my coloring has come to an
end for the evening this is how far I
got on my picture looks good I'll do
some another day but now I'm gonna do
comment of the day it goes to Victoria
Alexander so happy you go to washer just
one thing please make sure Abram knows
it's totally off limits I've heard so
many sad terrifying stories of children
I can't even say it that is great advice
he already tried to open it today while
it was running thank goodness it's hard
to open while it's running and it didn't
happen so tomorrow I will get the kids
line them up and give them some rolls on
the dishwasher which I'm ever so
grateful for it's running right now and
I'm so excited about it so anyways that
we can share that experience with you
guys and hope you guys enjoyed a little
more culture let's get the dishwasher
today we'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other I'll be the hairnet you get
home when you can't make it on your own
I promise you and not alone puttin this
together
nah wrong song
