Oh because I just I can't even what why
did you guys I can't even manage
together good morning guys how are y'all
today you're going to come outside pass
a big kid fun I'm going to read I'm
doing a Bible study with a lot of my
friends with some friend from church and
I'm doing same city books with my group
of high school girl run what what daddy
kept interrupting me don't you just love
it when your kids dress ourselves
company really picked up an adorable
outfit it actually matches pretty cute
just love to see what they choose when
the gerson saw make you do exams you can
join us out here in our swinging the
bunny is swinging with her bunny
yeah great a happy little never around
go go yeah whether it's so lovely
beautiful but we must get on with our
day and it's time to do schoolwork
he goes down got push a little harder so
we can see it mommy look at that her
daddy
look at that perfect you did that oh my
goodness Symphony that is perfect
he's definitely made a cursive D all on
her own I made a homeschool video on my
mommy channel is a collab with some
other mommy you guys it head over to me
is mist right now and check it out 50
bucks and go across and across full now
try it all by yourself you'll start here
for one and go down okay now you'll come
here and go across and right here to
don't make it too long right here on the
dotted line
now try this on your words now try to go
down
good job
hello - Ellis Gary
Wow Wow yo guys my mom is up in the
house today
sup mama why are you posing like that we
got a bodybuilder she's my aunt
Stephanie wants to see more of my mom so
we're gonna start putting my mom and
probably happened the vlogs grow on you
guys could be so bored well mom yeah I'm
very interesting life you live in
Rockville you have a car that you have
an Acura you have pebbles pebbles own
could have her own blog she is a she's
different she's a different kind of dog
look at her she also has some kind of
fungal infection that's not fungal what
is it she has a little lamp
she's like obese hello why do you have a
deck right here
what about the one right here so would
you do their mom I walk to a center you
walk through son and I worked out on the
treadmill and I don't know what the
other ones called but you sit in it and
you put your feet like that cool room
party my mom's getting really sick yes
maybe bright girls got a watermelon and
garden such as don't see you've already
filled out so quite a ring here's my mom
smile come on in - oh we had to make a
minor adjustment Abram wanted to a to
connect to the big track what a pretty
cool a track if I do say so myself
and now all I ever miss playing on his a
truck and then funny to the a tech isn't
anything
remember the cable fashion show we did
at Target last week I gotta hang up all
those clothes I've done that yet we had
to take my car into the shop and the
clothes got left in the car forgot how
about it went to symphonies room to see
if I had left abraham's clothes in there
and I was like oh my gosh can you bring
in any of the target clothes senior it's
time for hanger school Abram and I just
chose his first day of school outfit
it's adorable
this little shirt with his cute little
cut-off denim shorts you'll be wearing
awesome Avengers backpack you cannot so
cool uncoordinated children of the Sam
and Nia household that includes you
today Sinn Fein Elijah I need you guys
to go outside in the backyard you too
and clean out like perfectly as perfect
as you can to pink swimming pool because
we're going to make Sam and Nia slime ah
and what better way to do that than to
fill up an entire swimming pool with
slime keep watching and you'll see what
I mean just buy yeah gonna be great show
me how you do it both times I came to
get her out she had unbuckled her bottom
buckle all by herself
we just picked up glue and stuff show me
how you do it please
are you I'm buckling yourself do it to
your buckles you want me to think you
don't know how to do it don't you are
you going to be a sneaky baby hello I
love you eight gallon am I crazy I think
I'm pretty crazy let me see your boo-boo
oh no won't touch your boo-boo come on
get in the pool they're gonna read I
want to see this Auto beautiful ha ha ha
okay Dana
I'm not let steam in a row because we're
going to try to do so a row
Reagan started mehendi here we go I just
try not to get on your clothes yet what
I'm Sifl Sam and Nia we are doing our
theme colors here on our channel which
is yellow blue and pink if you go look
at our channel art it's all yellow blue
and Phoenix going to do stripes well
we're going to try anyways I can't
believe it is you you alright guys I
just this is just I can't even what in
the pow why did you guys I can't even oh
I don't know I just like mommy's back
let's go
oh my knee is set I'm making some good
slime here I guess getting better yeah
oh my gosh I'm gonna glue in the head
you need a hose a fire hose where you
need later there you know the white
layers of colors up awesome no no no
laundry
Elijah's mom came over to come get him
but I don't think he's gonna go home
right now come on get in the minute whoa
oh wow it looks like a little bit well
this was pretty much just a giant fell
come on Abram let's go wipe off Avery
I'm done come on buddy
I why you don't want bad slime bad bad
time well mommy tried to have fun what a
fail fail fail we're on a date night
guys and I'm taking my lovely beautiful
wife to the most wonderful places
so one barbecue I'm taking you here
because you make me feel so damn you
know just make me feel like a musician
that way back there the corner is always
so romantic down there we can explain
love overlooked the maple I will do it
through this boot and you really enjoy
that reserve chicken I'm a photographer
anybody there some Bureau for moving
inter-high the car we got to finish up
our date I want to finish her up here at
my your favorite place your favorite
place right let's go after one it has a
finite all right
yeah
do that to me scare me this is romance
alright kids when you get over romance
change it this is probably one of the
most romantic things I've done if you
are ready pick out new pillow that's
when Jenny yeah I think underneath those
are what's written you're going to get
do we have to say wandering in on even
my house is perfect gel yeah this one
I'm going to do that so thank you
Oh weather pillow my face sinks to the
very bottom of it oh here's the better
pillars of here that's a $63 pillow
yeah okay I get a little bit I got to go
to bed right now yeah something like
that
like when I'm not smuggling you and
there's how to leave and I'm snuggling
the pillow and then when I'm done doing
you and almost never me the telogen my
husband we've had expensive pillows and
catchy pillows you get tired of them
just the same I have not found like a
great pillow or like this is the pillow
after a few months or a year $62 come on
does it feel any different oh yeah it's
a cooling cover that's why they're
expensive
they keep it cool over there through my
kind of programs secondhand keep their
Thrones and these are nice actually
you want to get longsword a little bit
when you say what's a goose or if you're
doing it okay now like to file a pillow
and you comment on the day from Jan and
G you should contact your local fire
department because my local one filled
out my pool that is such a good idea
we should go absolutely thank you so
much Justin you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember
I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not alone
puttin this together
can they
and ends are nice actually going to get
wrong distant words a little bit what do
you say Oh what's with resolvers and he
were doing it which
