oh my gosh guys I'm having like a total
emotional dad moment here the babies
have made him like oh man well Sam told
me needs my help so I guess I'm going in
and we're going to see if she is up to
snuff second grade in this together
when you get to the bottom close the
best part
unlike left buddy I'm trying to get to
get through the hard times or the
distasteful times with a lot so a good
times to get to the best part of all
time for a playdate oh yeah hey sandy
did you see that everyone loved your
cane Brown song yeah no we did it
everyone in the council's like oh my
gosh came Brown oh my gosh I love came
around looking around me but now I have
another one one day showed me my best
and lunch so I love that one too
mall Campbell will at mean four weeks
ago girl the baby some maidens I know
man the middle boys are disgusting
choking strikes time it's time to go
talk up by hey she gave you a high head
high five head thanks buddy
all right guys we have right here to do
some back to school online shopping with
us girls all we need is mommy's phone
again oh yeah
fix it up to RetailMeNot for sponsoring
today's video and our beloved girl time
that we always cherish so much so let's
just get started
RetailMeNot is the perfect place to save
money and find all kinds of deals and
coupons without searching in a million
different places it only takes about 20
seconds to download this app or look it
up online and that 20 seconds could save
you 20 dollars or even more so one cool
thing about this is the percent off and
you can find what best fits what you're
looking for for instance Cole's which is
where we want to start having 15% off
your purchase in store and online so now
we're being directed to Cole alright
simply let's start with the girls school
uniforms here let me picture
alright we are all done at Kohl's I
applied my coupon code and I say 15% of
my entire purchase of school uniforms
let's head on over to
electronic lunch boxes backpack thought
band you name it you can find an are we
tell me not and with the discount
attached to it so where do you think we
should look for any lunch box we're
going to tell you which ones box we pick
today we're going to post on instagram
with the hashtag here fast and we want
to see what you guys saw for
back-to-school Audrey told me not as
well so go ahead get just post pics
online hashtag deal brag so that we can
share with each other the back-to-school
shopping experiences that we had online
alright guys welcome to me finishes up
her list for back-to-school shopping I
wanted to share with you guys a 200
dollar giveaway that RetailMeNot is
offering number one is click on the link
in our description box and follow the
entry rolls there number two is this a
comment below let us know the things
that excite you on retailmenot.com for
back-to-school
and why does often giveaway would be
perfect for you
thank you daddy what the fact that it
was there one ready confessing yeah
today Juliet was walking outside and she
likes to go down our stairs all by
herself but she can't do it yet so I'll
hold her finger and then when she gets
to the bottom so that she scoops herself
off well so today I let go and I was
going to let her get off the bottom step
all by herself
and she went for it and she slipped and
I was right there like hovering over her
I just couldn't get her in time she
keeps great your channel no marriage you
just hit her for him no she looks so sad
shelf on the rash around her nose look
right to hell let's go play in the water
ah she loves to be independent that's
why she doesn't really like a bull you
can't be do what she wanted to do well
Sam told me needs my help
so I guess I'm going in get down and no
wish I could
how can I be of assistance you told me
to I need get a bucket after you told me
to get in the pool
oh how about to say that ain't how I got
here oh really you're trying to get all
this dirty water out of pool so I can
start over and just kind of that kind of
symbolic of some resultant here over for
the kids we even have a meeting today at
Stephanie school what's the meeting over
hon a mandatory meeting it is over just
school rolls and information they do its
annual it's just an annual parents mean
but it's required and I didn't go last
years because I was busy we go trouble
it's something you get trouble if you
just don't get first pick on things like
if I want Symphony to do piano and if I
want to do recessed and we kind of have
to be at these meetings because
otherwise it's like frowned upon and the
other people that are working over serve
for those things so I want to be there
practice water hours so per my usual
when I'm headed out for the evening and
Sam's here I'm going to order Beto
because I had chance of cooking me today
and don't even know what I would start
with Sampson listening to Blue October I
am just get that Domino's at Lulu
symphonie just learned her lesson she
just figured out what happens when she
plays around on the bed while eating her
pizza she fell off of it
pretty hard now she's having to crawl
around like oh you broke your booty for
symphony Juliet mommy when you get that
bottom are you ready okay so I'm going
to test symphonies smartypants today and
we're going to see if she is up to snuff
with their second grade intelligence
your first question you should know this
while we studied it last night before
you in the bed you ready okay when you
eat your food goes into your mouth where
you chew it with your teeth after that
travels down your blank and into your
stomach
SSS saw esophagus
there you go good job add one letter to
each item picture below to make the item
on the right you can add a letter to the
beginning middle or end of the word for
example so cap plus e is Kate you get it
how about four hands plus blank equals
explants what letters missing oh good
job Kat plus blank equals coat Oh blank
plus Nell equals oh man RT letters
missing blanks us Nell good job all
right smartypants
all right here we go where is the Empire
State Building mmm a New York New York B
Chicago Illinois or C Los Angeles
California
using all three where the Empire State
Building in New York
New York yes where is the Golden Gate
Bridge Minnesota no where's the Grand
Canyon you've been there where is it
Texas Arizona or Maine good guess buddy
what do you think it is Arizona
yep you got it all right bud you ready
this is how you make a paper airplane
real fast
rough action you know throw it yep now I
am on 12 April plane this was a big
moment teach my son for the first time
how to throw paper airplanes yeah jet
yes it's a jet it's a pretty good time
to you know like pretty cool he's like
so tired that few words guess what I'm
putting in duct tape my sparkling duct
tape let me show you this is how it's
gonna look and this is like pretty duct
tape it's all sparkly daddy's going to
teach me how to make a paper airplane
now oh my gosh guys I'm having like a
total emotional dad moment here Abram
took his paper airplane to bed it was so
adorable
Tiffany took her is the bed too but just
they're just so cute taking their
airplanes I don't know it's way Abram
was dancing where you find that airplane
is a very special moment for me tonight
I just still in that like what gives is
so cute it is one they're just so cute
Matt I love my kids all right let's do
comment of a day this comments kind of
fitting for how I'm feeling right now
it comes from Anna Miller Sam you should
build a tree house that would be really
awesome no I would love to build a tree
house I just thought of something I was
like I bet I can't build a tree house
here there's only one spot that I could
think of and it's too close to the power
line so I I never did it so I'm going to
do it in Oklahoma that's such a great
idea thank you Anna
it just clicked was like now I can build
a tree house I can build it in Oklahoma
thanks for joining us today guys Nia is
stuff the media Symphony school so I'm
off the second i-4 so don't forget she
love you and remember to have each other
car was me thank from the F you didn't
catch that I'll be
and that you can't hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone puttin this together
was she doing her turn girl from new
pony yeah demigod nose can flip all
