what y'all been asking questions about
Evo's new place you're welcome to be
u-haul truck today has been so good but
I've been camera free because I couldn't
find a card and then I found a card and
it wouldn't work but I just talked to
Sam and he gave me some pointers on how
to get a torque and how it is he has
always really excited we get here
where are we okay the baby from school
today and we are up Evo's hanging out
before we go pick up symphony from
schoolers got a little bit of time in
between Abram had picture day today yes
I did how was it like so no way awesome
yeah and this girl just woke up from a
really long nap so I brought her clothes
and stuff I'm gonna change her here at
my mom's are you ready to go see bebo
okay Oh jammie but it's so dirty she's
not quite awake yet hi mom no you don't
Juliet has having a hair day - so shall
people your jammies have you been
watching TV through your screen like we
had B we have already made a mess in the
first five minutes we've lost their
clothes
okay guys you've all been asking
questions about vivos new place here a
neighbor of jizz Esther - he said Levi
why did you need a new house so I
thought I'd let her answer you guys in a
room at the same time I moved because
the house I moved from was not senior
friendly there was stairs and and narrow
doors and bedroom and the bathroom and
the clock everything looks small here
it's a lot bigger and it's all senior
friend
and I like it over here it's a it's the
senior community I tried to get out to
the moon but he won't he just left he
was here visiting I didn't get to see
him I just missed him
yeah yeah so that's what it is and she's
closer to us I've seen her more in the
last two weeks and they're in a
six-month period
sup guys welcome to the u-haul truck
with beneath her about the passer
Memphis Tennessee so we've been driving
since 5 a.m. it's now 1 a.m. and we see
it
oh look for p.m. I've had much sleep is
this guy the way he drives just unreal
so I'm happening is my phone to vlog
because well I left that father ham and
we came to grab my camera got put the
battery of it
I blame Heath for that for makeup stream
so early into this 5 am gonna drive
across country in spittle you all we're
having one last long discipleship trip
oh yeah and that means the same thing
because we used to meet up every week he
is my discipleship partner and here we
are this is the last one and we're
making it until never see each other
ever again
probably not so we're off to
Pennsylvania hey Pennsylvania
Pennsylvania
Nia has Pennsylvania I say you brought
her in this Pennsylvania about her
vanity of course Tiffany said for some
reason when I was little I thought
Pennsylvania was made out of pencils
sure she told us about
my stuff water burger was water burger
yeah yeah it's less the last year he is
still cause it water but when I got I
got really dry
how was school today princess you ready
to hit up ballet alright let's do it
got mr. Hopalong here with me she do
how'd you hurt your foot so are you
gonna be able to go on a play date
tonight
oh no symphony decided to just wear her
regular clothes just to make it easier
since we have plans tonight oh look
who's suddenly fine
you know how you get them yeah well you
keep practicing ballet and you get
really good and you win one that's right
these are ones that Miss Erin has won
different things and I'm not sure these
girls have won something you let's see
what's going on with this foot we're
having a major disaster here well it
looks good to me
good mine it's waving at me
doesn't it look good to you Oh what is
it what's going on what's the matter
with it
I don't even see a boo-boo on it oh you
got a blister what are you doing this
what's going on this symphony in there
all right Bobby you ready let's go pack
up Macey Navis Bagwell symphonies doing
her class ready
so you've heard me say play date today
and you've heard me say may seem either
we're having one last play date with
Amanda Ava me and Lila and I have little
gift bags for them from the kids that
they can use during their very very very
very very long road trip to their new
home this is gonna be super bitter sweet
you guys okay so I've got these two bags
for Maisie or Maisie and Ava get Ava the
pink one and we are just gonna pack them
up hey bub you pick which one you want
for Ava
throw it down in what's next bubby check
make your own pizza book okay drop them
in put one in each baggie all right
what's next movie scratch pad drop them
in there you go there you go each other
so this is his brother and his wife
we're driving in front of us later
he didn't want to be on the ball over
there he is Sam here checking back in
with you guys just letting you know
we're not really check
wait but we just made it to Kentucky so
we're gonna get a hotel Goku's I'm gonna
eat stay the night and then we're gonna
head back on the road tomorrow we have
any Kentucky viewers out there Kentucky
Fried Chicken
that's where caps eat comes from right
I really love these black bars out here
in Kentucky guys so cool so many of them
all right so Heath and I are gonna go
get some grub sorry about the car alarms
really don't eat outside do you want to
eat inside yes three go play checkers be
fun mix memories
it's something about Cracker Barrell I
just love to eat at when I'm on the go
you know when I'm traveling I think it's
because you don't get enough nutrients
so what is I want to be closer to
homeland I'm homesick
I'm already homesick saying it man I'm
sorry I gotta go back sorry sorry man I
got the meat though cuz they gave me the
Kentucky side surly
about you this ain't Texas breath the
Texas side serving same with this scam
kentucky would give a piece like this
big I can barely even see this
commercial world problems around first
world problem
okay can you carry Macy's purple bag
just the purple one for Macy and
Symphony will carry this one your sissy
can take that one for Ava okay
we've cried well got teary-eyed yeah two
or three times already
command our viewers are gonna miss you
yeah it's gonna be it's gonna be the
adjustment it's gonna be really tough
you know good things in store we just
got to keep keep that in the forefront
you know that's what keeping us going
because leaving rpm back some strong
obedience right there I told Sam I was
like if we just can do a fraction of
what we have seen what you taught us
about being obedient to the Lord and
really making his people a priority yeah
I can feel better really what sits in
there well it's not supposed to be
sitting there supposed to be in there
thank you stop over here
you didn't have to push
when I got a king-sized why'd you do
that to my king first things first let's
check out the toilet very ergonomically
shaped beautiful tank that's for sure
there's a nice curves on there you just
just wanna put your hands on it I can't
help it
yes oh yeah beautiful okay please only
if you do a bowl what a bowl can all
right guys he's and I will catch you
tomorrow for some more travels and we'll
show you his new place catch you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you
remember to love each other you're
talking
