yeah it's going to be just like one of
the most exciting things I've done I'm
not probably like ever in this together
morning guys so we're going for the
first time in like six weeks it's been
forever we're headed to church with our
big family I probably go bags on going
like this today I'm teaching somebody
class I'm going in lecture we will check
in case that are three equivalents
lining iqt have a good day in it this is
how I check in to no one I got 13
stickers which I already gave Juliet
three because she kept crying because he
sold him so I gave her three but at
least I'm 12 by 9 this game for me on
Liam points 30 second and I'm teaching
the clock and I will say I'm going to
Nami anyone hope with the chairs down
for mommy
I already bit Oh eggs also see you later
what's that or I have a really tiny
cosplay and last time judgment Anthony
before she move up significant that's
kind of a blessing our cost is so small
because I'm not experiencing it with
company with it else do for more
intimate
you know guys as I was getting ready to
go worship with Symphony and Brett my
toenail fell off from that disaster at
the beach going through it all apart
ah sorry I don't want to make a scene
man that hurt no matter what I can do
you guys want to see my son
what I'm doing is about a class rule no
renters want to see it oh it's an
advantage don't forgot you ought to look
there it is yeah it doesn't look that
weird probably is my concern point 2010
the Union God's people intended to
reflect on truth and God's gross
possible in this world
oh yeah lemonade can we get three extra
Texas coast and one large water please
thank you here's their to catch up on
our change chicken I don't like a cat No
are you ready to catch on canned chicken
because I've been here in a while we got
to catch up
yeah c'mon where we do overs on side
take a nap but I later burn a people
just trying to give you something what
is that baby
yeah whoa what is that doorknob I don't
know thank you okay
what's all this stuff all over your desk
in here I thought mommy said nothing on
their sub score mommy put it there okay
ah Sunday that is overkill II I just
woke up she is the align hawk to her
naps here at our house it's Sunday which
means two things we took a family neck
and my house really my kitchen is a
total wreck I'll give you a snake to
grow back
hey did you fall asleep today you didn't
just have some quiet time I did this pop
quiz on it and I got all of them right
without looking on that oh so smart good
job trying to do that I'm making the
pile of the ones that I can do good job
to do proud of you those awesome
hi all right Tiffany well I always do
together crack job unhand me and
campaign good little bit and one
satellite you can do it Chloe me don't
look at me dude we do your you can
donated like hey ah what turn you battle
somebody has sprouts in her garden one
little green sprout Wow finally it's
always really hard to wake up Sam from
naps especially on Sundays because they
kind of go later in the day the normal
game I don't have like a blow horns
without they're called so I'm just go
and we come up I don't have a blow horn
I had to use some kind of a method
well he's setting up right we'll see how
long that lasts
something you totally get to him again
it's about time for mommy to cook dinner
so I'm getting Josie all set to get to
be set up so she's not crying for mommy
I have to get out lots of toys and push
them all around her all her little
friends are out lined up waiting for her
oh you're gonna get your doggy yeah
Lambie oh my goodness no sweet yeah
we had gonna hop on my swing some Sunday
swinging come on are you right
wha-wha-wha happy Sunday afternoon
everybody
I really want to tell you guys something
that's happening this weekend it's like
really big really big for me it's going
to be just like one of the most exciting
things I've done I don't know probably
like ever maybe I don't know it's going
to be amazing and I'll give you a clue
it's related to the solar eclipse coming
up on the 21st that's your only clue can
you guys guess what I could possibly be
doing from the solar eclipse oh look at
her go and this is my baby you know
again are you ready are you ready let me
go say hi to that little doggie I'm
yellow whoa why are you break hi
I second it yeah Horton Oh sweetie thank
you do it pedal backwards yeah there
those are the breaks you need to be
using well if you can't push it sweetie
you have to learn how to use these
breaks that is really dangerous I didn't
know you couldn't use that I didn't
realize simply it is not a use for
brakes on the bike it's really dangerous
so we are practicing that now let's see
it okay go now go up to that water over
there that puddles and to stop right
before you hit the water imagine that's
a brick wall that's pretty good peekaboo
giggle ooh my guys go inside it's
dinnertime
oh dear side what you guys already at
the table and it looks delicious
I'm about to get some supervision here
come as you came through the wall lift
it look I'm gonna here let me do it
what's inside of Daddy's
what do you see inside of my head all
right what's inside of my skull I see a
Hollywood me how will my love me all
make you blue and gold cannot be here ha
ha ha
no say I mentioned put your goggles you
got to put your thumb and pinky together
yeah no all your fingers go behind in it
like that like wow super goggles on
I got any one little peeler did I'll see
what's inside you Oh what do you think
is inside of my heart you're behind
let me make a bechamel waddlesworth good
for your eyes too
yeah yeah next will in my photo hey guys
but you don't know what time it is or
maybe you do it's been a while it's time
for comment of the day and I'm going to
answer a comment that a lot of you guys
questioned or mentioned or pointed out
the era castilho
when me I was looking for the coconut
oil it was right behind her lol love you
guys you are so right I ended up finding
it nothing oh my gosh totally forgot I
was looking for my liquid coconut oil
and I'm like where is all my coconut oil
because I'm gonna make more because I
can't tackle this task with honesty and
I'm looking through my stuff and like oh
I have solid coconut oil on shoes that
it's but it's funny that you guys
pointed out thought behind me while I'm
sitting there talking limits so anyways
guys we will see you all tomorrow as
always we've got fun things going on
here at the Raider house summer is
coming to a close meaning school is
getting closer
however in Texas summer goes a little
bit longer and we just have some really
fun things up our sleeves that we've
been planning and trying to get it going
for you guys Maura we're going to be
able to get going a little bit more on
one of our upcoming things so you got to
stay tuned we'll see you guys there
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other I'll be the hand that
you can hold when you can't make it on
our own I promise you and not alone
puttin this together
we can't bake
you wanna gloat
