got some crazy crazy horrible news here
I woke up this morning and I was out the
window
case you don't know this about me I'm
like the most indecisive person on a
purple turtle mommy baby you have a
clever body in this together
oh wow look at my hair this morning guys
this is wild got some crazy crazy
horrible news here I woke up this
morning and I looked out the window to
find that our pools drained there's a
little bit more water than wasn't it
when I came out here because I started
to fill it back up and then I changed my
mind think I got other plans now we were
going to have a pool party today
everyone was supposed to be here my
entire family is supposed to be here at
10 o'clock and yeah we ought to cancel
it because we do not have a to be Pole
right now do you like this look on me
Leah says I look awesome I don't thank
simply black so what happened was I was
vacuuming the pool as you guys saw
yesterday and this was plugged into
there and it's a pretty tight fit came
apart last night and it just drained the
whole pool what a waste of time all that
vacuuming and cleaning the pool
yesterday but you know what this
happened for a reason
and I'm going to find the reason I'm
gonna find it now if I don't find it now
I'm gonna get really angry
hilarious
you guys are so fun I love you guys
don't you just love kids and make things
extra fun with these alone is flying
away some fun out of it we can learn a
lot with children right now I'm learning
that um take a bad situation and make it
we are getting ready to go to our
friend's birthday party you excited to
go jump yeah yeah very big bunny are you
ready to go jump oh man go hop around
like a bunny okay guys what we should do
when our friends are having birthdays we
think of something really sweet to tell
our friends something nice about them
when we give them their birthday hug so
can you think of one thing about Vanessa
I like that you're so funny okay you can
say something like I think you're a cool
dude or I love you or you could say
you're a good friend like and say I can
deal with you can I do mommy okay are
y'all going to be tell your friend sweet
things when you give a birthday hug and
I March I'm going to give them their
lucky get forget it awesome I'm like all
great crust many mothers I am going to
stop you get to get a spunky way to the
party trying something new this time I'm
going to get to get back before I go to
the toilet and when I get to the toy
aisle I'll be forced to choose something
they'll fit into the gift bag this
little party is for twins so I'm going
to go with it and that oh yeah okay
Avram asked me again on some hot wheels
and a hot wheel carrier this is the
carrier it's a little case that Abram
has and it launches hot loads and it
also comes with two hot well so I think
I'm going to get this one and then pick
like a cool unique little hot will to go
in the bag with it so Vince love
dinosaurs
so I'll get this one so in this one
final decisions for Vince now I need to
find a little present for a four year
old girl how I should do these that's a
really cute touch more collectible ooh I
think she would like this know do a
couple of wine bags with this that one's
cuter about
look at this okay final decision I'm
going is purple Vanessa propeller ended
up following the birthday kids and we
are lost we have gone to a location that
we thought of that it was very well god
when I wrote that song
what the heck do we do
la de Lima council over there man
the fun
hey come on
right in the ass
hello go for in the middle you like it
let's play do it right there you just
kind of grab it works better we need a
zone nice I would try Oh
Oh
you havin fun there buddy you love this
place so much you're going to whack
yourself in the face yeah yeah
Oh
you guys have fun you know I'm going to
answer that for you yes you did how
everyone was happier than Christmas in
their Symphony was just like nowhere to
be seamless at the time Juliet was so
excited she was walking around and like
smiling and everybody and everything she
couldn't believe her eyes I on the other
hand was that was fun to watch my kids
have such a great time I had fun
watching Abram slap his face so much
this morning I wanted to pull full when
I woke up because we had a pool party
but it was empty outside of my control
and now I'm trying to empty the pole as
going back up cause it's raining
sometimes things just don't work out
like you want them to guys you have to
remember that if there's one thing big
that I've learned in life it's that your
expectations will fill you and they will
fill you over and over and over again
you can't react to a failed expectations
well you can't negatively react to
filled expectations what you should do
instead is be thankful just find
something to be thankful for eyes
working from the party julia has a new
eggy on her head also our family's over
Nancy Andrea Ghez in the house everyone
get back to the ceiling again okay turn
it off document that way oh really my
father do you have something else in
there oh oh man do what the heck clothes
in here you put this in here oh oh
that's a whole living room your ears
yeah why'd you have a living room in
here what's this running in here Oh
uncle do you like we're Christmas cookie
boy things are free I want
I did I said this Cape just got
interesting I didn't say your name
whoa no I said things just got
interesting they're on my wife I don't
know whoa we're swearing on our lives in
this case got serious so we're just
recorded you know how to name each other
different name
where is sweet booger-eater Matthews
dipti andrea is a sweet talk that you
can do i needy I'm Lily
and if you say the person's real name
you got to go back two spaces so rest of
the game yeah
what star performer growth emits a
pheromone otherwise only given off by a
melted chocolate and we should go back
rude little thing to get you I'm not
and they all another your bathroom or
why and you didn't tell him when you
went back so you also go back one ah
andrea has to leave the room we'll see
you guys tomorrow
ting Yisrael you did too yeah you can
good and we'll see you guys around all
of you remember we love each other
I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not alone puttin this
together
and we can't they
and yes our car was a strong that you
ever sharing a face
Castle both hands and you go it's so
annoying and ruining right now oh poor
the same
