now what I'm about to say is not a
complaint I'm not complaining I just
it's something that I learned from you
know where the Queen limit is right
every will not trying to celery so what
we're going to do is in this together
what's that like hello and then our raw
I got are you doing tonight welcome to
today's vlog we are going to get in the
pool today
I haven't uncovered the pool though but
good news that pool state covered during
our whole trip that is awesome I
collected all of Lee I saved me from
cleaning off of Lee's on full take this
thing off
syrtis all nice and shiny could be there
could be a mermaid with me right now you
and me yeah we're going to play my
makeup primarily guys I want to make
sure it's not too acidic but I guess
it's too late now
oh sorry let's see here guys let's make
sure it's cool safe for the children it
looks like it's a zero a player gasps
'add that's good and the t8 is at 7.2
well everything is perfect
sister mermaid is getting ready to get
in the pool you've been able to breathe
all this time so you couldn't like be a
human anytime you want to be a mermaid
what's a call final airing an honorary
limo what's up guys I'm whole family to
tell you're braving this crazy type of
tea I'm gonna say kind of and there's a
little breeze so I'm feeling thankful
for that juliette little sweetie is
playing in the sandbox our daddy made
her when she was just a newborn that's
right daddy finished up the sandbox
about exactly a year ago you guys
remember that once the end of August
comes that's the part of summer that's
kind of bearable so the end of August is
coming just a couple of weeks and we got
to get our backyard ready for the kids
to be playing in it again
and ready to get the ocean I got out of
well it's been so long I forgot how to
swim they forgot can you teach me I
haven't been a merman in a long time
okay so let's kick it off kicking out
the wall or the ladders you do your
bottom in ears and slap your food
this is some her name do you know where
the Queen mermaid is right over there
shares the Queen mermaid she's beautiful
oh how the Senate kind of paper no funny
just leave it
I guess Queen mermaid has been in the
ocean long time either so sometime next
week we're going to do a little mermaid
get-together with some local mermaids in
Dallas and it's going to be next week so
we are getting warmed up for that here
in our backyard ocean okay guys
I know on the new mermaid and new to all
this flipping and flopping and stuff
like that but I'm really thinking we
need another guy mermaid in the family
I'm because I don't know lonely I bet
talk about a shopping and pearls and the
cute guys that are above the water I
want a male companion is that okay
sure why not guys next weekend we are
going to be meeting up with some local
mermaids that we've never swam in the
ocean with the floor I'm feeling a
little would it be rescued got the word
when you live underwater so I'm thinking
we need like some rigorous exercises and
practice for this event we're going to
what do you guys say
okay go I say we do it
go ahead behind Elijah's do you want to
be a mermaid I'm bored of being the only
male mermaid around here okay cool maybe
when you jump in you'll become one are
you a mermaid ah wait a minute that's
weird because I believe mr. my man oh
thank you for remember my hair climb to
mommy swim swim zero baby learns to swim
between check it out guys
hashtag first world problems I said the
dishes by hand and because of our little
issue with the dishwasher we are eating
our paper plates tonight I made lemon
pepper grilled chicken we're having a
side of little cherry tomatoes celery
and ranch dip unless somebody wants
different dips I know everyone does new
animals in Holland and we're having porn
because that's what a versus also while
everybody was outside playing Juliet
took a little nap so I walked around the
house and I have a cleaning cleaning
cleaning a lot of family coming over
tomorrow and we are doing something that
you're not going to want to miss out on
I cannot wait to show you guys even love
it you're gonna love it you are gonna
love it and you're gonna love it
oh wow all right everyone will not try
the celery so what we're going to do is
turn it into a little celery right
that's a little bit frosting no look at
the blue oh that's perfect I'm buddy
celery cake oh but you know helium
yeah you're gonna do it's okay it's
going to be like a crunchy cake what
it's going to be a crunchy cupcake you
know what do you think man you guys have
to see Julius Jimmy what a big ol baby
booties yeah I wonder about to say if
not a complaint I'm not complaining I'm
just it's something that I learned from
I was not required to do chores as a kid
like nothing really I was raised on my
grandparents who had you know was there
a lot of staff II when I was a baby and
I think I just was an only child and
kind of like little joyful remnants left
of my birth mom she passed away when I
was little so I just I wasn't asked to
do a lot and I wasn't a spoiled brat but
I just you know I was asked to help with
laundry or even to clean my own room my
grandmother helped me and did everything
for me and I'm so thankful for that she
gave me such a good life thing I learned
from that though is that when you become
a homeowner and you know you're kind of
like in charge of everything
I didn't really know how to do any of
the regular household chores even down
to like sweeping and mopping properly I
did vacuum sometimes at home and I would
help fold laundry but just because I
wanted to it was fun it wasn't because
obsessed of me and so I'm really trying
to instill that in our kids at a very
young age well you know pretty young
like seven so anyways that's why one
reason why we decide to start something
out of chores and I feel like the best
one aside from her cleaning her own
bedroom are helping her brother and
sister with something if they need help
such as if the entire playroom is a
giant mess and everybody collectively
may
mess in there but it was mainly the
little kids nanak symphony told mess to
help them clean up that mess and she
also helps out in the kitchen a lot
after dinner she does the table and
sweets you know as much as she can and
I'll come hide her and kind of help pick
up spaces or whatever sometimes I don't
even um energy help decision too the
girls are swinging in side by side not
going to last not super se not super
duper safe and less symphonies holding
her so we're gonna have to let Julia
have a little bit of fun and move her so
that sissy can have some fun all right
everyone's going to push to yet I got to
hold symphony back this pool is filthy
I'm trying to vacuum it out like a long
Misrata
I just left uncovered for that one week
we were in California and the moment
anybody jumps in it stirs up the dirt on
the bottom and you can't even see
underneath or you can't see the other
side so I'm taking my time trying to
vacuum it because we've got a special
video tomorrow their little party here
at the house took me forever to get the
suction going on this thing go long and
thick that tube is you see the dirt down
there let's see the vacuum works see if
this suction is powerful enough to get
that did it get it see that leaf right
there hey Bob I'd leave
hey guys welcome to those are values and
Farah time we're going to set up
eligible
we're service accordion and let's give
it a salty will because it will never
disappear over those of kids arm in here
we're you're just chat ketchup gel so
brought me some goodies oh I love this
and we're doing a giveaway together soon
on Instagram and this will be in the
giveaway and these are for men looks so
cool and and women oh yeah I'm in and
women up there and guru I'm going to
take it home for Sam you like Sam I want
you to support those around the house
you guys know you've been wearing bobby
pins and hair yes I went from plane to
pop it like that this is their hopping
off egg is my hair headed I want to
share something deep with our viewers
I'll put you on the spot yeah there's
good at problems but each Bob Sarah
there should be a hashtag I love that
only do the word healthy to do I love
hat and that note with you guys
typically love you and remember I forgot
my own saying for it's like I'm so
excited me here I'll be the hand that
you can hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not alone
but in this together
and we can't say
so I got a second right am i high
