oh dear you okay do you guys want to go
for I have a new rule it's a rule that's
going to be around for a very long time
so this and theirs together good morning
guys you're here for a mid-morning
breakfast on our friends I haven't seen
them in a while my bring Nicole she's
got a few little kiddos they live a
little bit further from us than most of
our friends I paint knives on everyone
buckled and buckled up all by himself 35
you're so big now I got to tell you guys
let's get so much easier when you're
kids know how to buckle themselves and
unbuckle themselves yeah it's make going
anywhere faster here we've done thank
you this is Nicole been a while and all
of her beautiful children mean your
coins we have a unicorn we found a
unicorn oh my gosh you guys are the best
uniforms ever Julie I just next one of
Nicole's french toast oh it's okay
sweetheart
so Nicole took all the big kids to the
bathroom and I am saying a table with
babies baby number one maybe number two
she is overstating all them so she took
wanted to introduce and question for the
Lucas babies are y'all playing oh you
want moment to get you down but you're
going to run all over this restaurant I
can't do it yet yeah tell me about it
how was your food buddy
okay do you guys want to go to the park
symphonies taken should we ask this one
oh that's perfect for babies we've got a
little speed bump on it
of course Abram found a little girl to
play with at the card
we're gonna go swing now it's just me
her feet are kicking she wants to swing
so bad yeah yeah we could not have
planned it perfectly home timing so
straightaway what happens we have home
looks good yes y'all here's one up yeah
like yeah Holly she barks manatee
remember records at 10:00 and we had
like eight hours complete hardest person
we have to rush off to nap time I feel
like usually my play date I don't know
what I just like I'm always rushing off
in a perm and I don't feel that way
right now I love that feeling and it's
really really nice it is beyond typical
Texas not different I love it Tennessee
Taylor the pump in out in out all these
kiddos got to get their afternoon
rejuvenation via nap time total I from
being honored he's trying to give you a
hug goodbye
okay then pull an attorney when I come
me out attention halftime
good night buddy I love you quiet quiet
time a nice we need one toy at a time
and also before you get anything to pull
if you need to read two books okay have
a seat quiet time I love you
my mission open a little bit your turns
blue night
my guys are going to treasure ninja
trash with me I really don't want to do
it I think I might take you along with
you and I'll make it look more enjoyable
oh my gosh you are so funny
here oh my god Joey you think so yeah
tomato 30 no one better - got my own
book thanks Rach come on buddy
yeah you go get a cold one all right MA
okay come on but there's so much
cardboard crazy how much cardboard
regard I don't think we can really site
good I'm going to come right here in
cycle pick up recycled toxins joining
help me Juliet can you have a seat yeah
yeah any trash cans on people's yard cuz
I can tell what day the week it is
Oh yep there is they must be wait no
there's just one ok Tuesday
it must be Wednesday I don't know I
can't tell I don't know what day the
week it is because nobody trashes out
and the neighborhood has a trash up to
the yard I know it's either Tuesday or
Friday that's when the trash man comes
you know day the week it is you know I'm
afternoon you know Monday Tuesday
Wednesday ring then what day of the week
is it honey
oh it's Wednesday okay
so it's not coming over Tapia looming
over my head like a shark dark cloud
I got a do Symphony the room and her
closet not allowed to do it
none of them in organizational movement
guess we're doing with this and Symphony
made a fort during her quiet time oh no
my little helper is typing apart she's
so cute down there I love having you
here my mama yeah I do yes
okay and laundry piles with me little
wine I need to do this who's that who's
that it's the mailman or you know don't
you dare get up you guys in trouble once
before darkness of no lady one time and
we had a letter saying the dog was out
so we couldn't get our packages he lies
to the US here torch makes me nervous
with his baby she can't choose comes on
top or bottom
want to just that saying check my home
okay we got a package wine or the nearby
a little dropper ah probably for your
ears honey
you're going to be excited about this oh
my goodness did you order
I did order well it's just right here
yes I was right symphony I see that you
just put your cup on your desk it
doesn't go there I have a new rule it's
a rule that's going to be around for a
very long time nothing except homework
is allowed on that desk okay no more
clothes no more toys when you clean up
your room nothing nothing nothing can go
on that desk except pink paint and what
we have another package solar system in
my room I have no idea what this is do
not cut with a knife
okay we didn't wonder that get it door
that sour stuff no he's just enjoy it go
in okay on twenty panicles
really she's a cheater what to do that I
knew you were there and are you well
you're expelled it not in there he
breaks the rules we have to go up
with this challenge are you you or that
buddy all right one two three four
eighteen nineteen fifty six to seven
please that's right here come April
where are you where I got here where
where where where
oh wow that's it
hey get him and get out back here
symphony fishy you did a good job review
our defender for you Mandy
I won't eat you and mommy pillows behind
them and then I go in my bathroom and
then I go on a from chi-town okay so you
just can't slow your hiding spots see
she's like uh Morgan Dora Dora thorn or
a bob or they thought I heard a Mersenne
there is you would not to play this game
you're so cute dude go find Ashley shut
so funny okay do to help us come on do
you want to help yeah yeah when we take
my spot okay what a room finish all
shadowing it guys in the shower we
really like your lives of it because I
haven't had your intervention from high
denier just came into Juliet sir me says
mommy why aren't you walking around he
saw me sitting down without Juliet in my
arms and thought it was strange that I
wasn't up walking around and Sun doesn't
show you something about me at this
house came out of nowhere and I always
know I said why do you think I walk
around a you're always up literally I
was totally hide let's go hang out with
Sandy yeah I Sam is the greatest I know
that we were all tired from our trips
and all of traveling we've been doing
this summer in general and I just really
feel like I needed some time away and
especially with Sandy I miss her a lot
and it's really hard for us to get
together without our kids unless we do
it at this hour
Hey Girl hey are you ready to go mom it
up at the mall mom it up I get my almond
manicure I just broke a nail I thought
my notes on the other day they broke the
very same day two nails well we don't
macrame here we're going to go do some
walk around walking around and I said
earlier and you pick up some personal
items and I'm pregnant Danny along don't
have to do any of you recognize this
mall we spend a lot of time it's at the
mall especially in high school years
this is how we do it we would have come
in and immediately pick a right well
straight the PAP son then the doctor
body where teachers right next door and
in a like that no more it's hmm and then
American ain't movin on up
oh no king of mine I jumped in in flying
yesterday miss all that time to get mine
cleaned all right all clean and new not
at Sandy's turn get her bling-bling
shine we are so lame oh my god I like to
play a game that I'm going to research
and pick if I were choosing something
new or something for someone else what
would be might just affected it what's
my favorite ring in store design
oh my google charts we hit that massive
one over there you all need the heart
that's pretty my friend Nicole that I
hung out with this morning she has a
heart wedding ring right into the pan
basic here at the mall hey guys took us
y'all
sandy disconfirmed that's a little boy
you guys just met knew it with me
because so my braces on my face ah
personally very safe safe
just a little FYI about - dangers
relationship we are told offices
typically everything literally or just
looking at rings when she likes not like
for theme smells totally totally
different okay guys have any of you
tried this new stuff rose gold 24k
little bit with the other on bronze I
don't know it had a total waste of money
I mean if you think about it you can get
one bottle of lipstick $30 Ulta or we
could get three for like 30 bucks from
here
I don't know we do okay guys Aimee has a
surprise song for me her new phase and
while we listen to same evening we're
going to try me
so Sammy you wanted to try on 24 karat
gold yes I want to try on rose gold and
then later on when everything wears off
we'll try on bronze kenner I'm sure a
bunch of people have heard of this
artist but I never have and I am in love
with this song hey I heard the song
yesterday on the radio
nice offer the other color around and I
wasn't expecting it to be so fit okay
these are our little lip glosses I feel
like it was a very likes what is that
word when you're like really looking to
something and then it's kind of a
letdown like oh I don't know word I'm
looking for but I feel like it was not
as exciting of a drastic little it's and
more of is just a gloss I'll just settle
little thing but this one's a little bit
more I'm glad you're like that we're not
even going to get it this is a bronze
color the one I'm wearing Andy's wearing
24 karat gold and then rose gold is just
that's what you wear on your nose so we
didn't buy the car she left it run this
is what the first time at Olive Garden
in the back parking lot so we've got out
and she left the car running the entire
time we're in there yes bro you do not
remember we got it you're like my gosh
look at only all night oh my gosh you
guys I should have been doing this but
I'm doing it it's cookie butter cake
what do you think so it's so good at
first it was just okay I've been I
actually tasted the cookie butter it has
that tape if it has that flavor of like
melon you want to keep on eating over
and over again oh my goodness I wish I
could just give you guys a right okay
now that we've sat in my car for like an
hour and a half talking and listening to
music and tweeting things that are we
think are funny maybe not funny um
sounds say goodnight and tell you guys
good night to see you tomorrow
don't forget guys if we love you and
remember to love each other I'll be the
hand that you get home when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not
puttin this together
whoa Abraham my gosh
yeah goofy little guy
