bad things said about your kids it's
discouraging 30 more days ah miss
together see you guys in about 25
minutes I love you guys too morning I am
here to get my braces tightened they're
going to hurt for the next couple days
but it is long overdue so I'm here an
apple with the Celtics and then we'll
get them taken care of
hello I'm good how are you time to lose
this wire
so weird it feels like all my teeth are
gonna fall out when you take that wire
off
they're bringing in reinforcements in a
lower five is being a pain orthodontist
assistant broke her nail almost time to
push in my wife is calling in for help
to figure it out it's on a cure I'm
right there
well in other news my teeth are getting
really straightest the Sun right here
they just can't get it to go back in two
people just came over and charged and
now we're having thirds I have a problem
- not for long
hi we did it yes I guess I'm done is
like torture I'm such a weenie compared
to when I was a teenager
other faces but now modern a thicker
wire and I'm ready to go out here and
that guy rat Nana's I'm dropping the
baby off we're gonna yeah say I really
wanted to go and he was really excited I
don't know what happened but we got to
get him back in the mood come on babe
come on come on I know we did some
shopping online yesterday but there's
just two more things we want to get in
store try on a few things we are here at
Target first get some school clothes
oh my happy place
I wish I didn't want to shop as much as
I actually do but I do love it symphonie
ruined destroyed yesterday and it was on
my list of things to do today - grab one
she can wear denim school so this is
like already something she can wear oh
my we learned yesterday here's one
outfit props I crave them got a little
fall jargon vest Glovis
flying t-shirts picked up my daddy he
looks cool cool little skinny jean finds
us under 14 because of the other words
receive is Paul and I'm really sad that
I'm having to go surprise
Oh baby man
hey guys caught your name okay yeah you
regret you're undercover
yeah with the star was capped the dead
giveaway man oh yeah between us halfway
and our viewers but you feeling inside
my chemical company - chefs wear them
for a really long time that one day I
knew you inside of them bitter so you
shot depending on the inside of the
pants not the outside I like that
that says a lot about you Tiffany
because because it it tells me if
they're going to be comfortable nice but
walk that way give the fashion show
he's ran right to the door to turn
around and boom I would like shocking so
it was crazy
we have finally made a decision after
about 10 minutes of like really deep
detailed searching for our ones bug
symphony and mommy were both very
particular but on different levels and
this is what we decided to move here's
the final decision
supergirl let's see the back of it it
even has a cave that's awesome and I'm
no genius all right let's move on to the
next door now guys yes
are you boys now ready patiently waiting
over here or impatiently waiting wait
you guys look so typical right now
that's cool good I'm away on my name let
me count how many do you think okay the
answer is 13 more days ah
unless you're getting excited does all
summer she's been saying she's nervous
to school she's not ready to go back so
maybe this is just exactly the trip that
she needed to get motivated to go to
second grade okay guys are into the next
door and I'm kind of bad stephanie
reminded me that she's big enough to
shop at justice now for her school
uniform so here we go another one of my
little babies getting older growing up
full uniforms then I need one really
awesome thing about something school is
they provide all of the school supplies
as far as like markers crayons little
boxes like this goes all we need to
provide our lunch boxes water bottles
backpacks and of course clothes and
shoes which makes shopping in my opinion
a lot easier and more fun - all right
I'll set up come out and show me when
you're ready
go ahead also not a bad selection here
we got our jeans yes a khaki short we
just need one more place so we can get
some dresses I know it seems like we're
doing a lot of shopping we're actually
not what I like to have four symphonies
wardrobe during school season are a
bunch of different polo selections and
then jumpers to go over them one pair of
jeans one pair of khakis and one pair of
shorts and that's really all SHINee and
that's what we've got so aggressive
jeans we got the techies the best short
three polos like a couple more pillows
and some jumpers and we will be all set
and some boots bag we missed you little
messy Bay
home sweet home Gus we have made it home
we have made it home we have made it
home and today was a challenge because
me and I both vowed not to allow the
kids to get anything other than the
clothes that we were out to get not too
much of a struggle because we're pretty
adamant about it and he said if they did
ask for anything we just said there'd be
a consequence and surprisingly ever did
really well but he found a loophole you
know he's doing at Target just like
daddy can I get this next time we come
here can you believe that kids are smart
they will find a way and when he wasn't
saying that he was saying can I get this
for my birthday how many things did you
ask for your birthday say bud Oh a bunch
yeah yeah how many I can ten all right
I'll give you nine pairs of underwear in
one toy I am going to be dead well flat
is that what you like the best track
I've always wanted that track I'm glad
you want it I wanted that I had my teeth
looked at today I'm having pain on a
lower right and upper right but the
cavities that they must've traveled on
my left I have three cavities today what
do you want to do with your time today
time what I want to do is I don't look
like a symphony grab the little console
to play Mario Kart I said ah you got to
earn your screen time doing the dishes
and this is just kind of something new
that we started and I love how it's
going so far I think something even
loves house goes before what do you
think hang down but not really well and
you just on your stuff that's how life
works
Sam and I recently had like an awakening
and we've been trying to change up some
stuff that we do as parents not that
we've been doing things bad it's just
that our kids are growing they're
getting older and as humans in general
we evolve and we change and we grow all
the time you stop growing you stop
changing there's something wrong and so
we just realized it's time for us to
make some changes and to grow as parents
come on growing pains it's not
necessarily easy changes to make because
the symphony and path wanted to pick up
the console and play it's almost easier
like yeah sure do that while I do the
dishes and then I'm kind of like can do
the dishes without her right there or
whatever that's just old she's not in a
way that's just my assistant for the day
about parenting trying for new things
what do you guys do as parents what are
some of the things you do to have your
kids earn their screen times another
thing we've been talking about lately is
that don't necessarily need to always be
saying no to screen time instead we can
say yes you can read up together so
here's how you guys do that I don't know
what's been going on to everything that
I've been extra tired all day
could have been allergy medication that
took but usually I don't get this sleepy
with them I get very restless when I
take yeah it's time to go to bed for me
I'm going to bed pretty early in a vlog
with no comment of the day because
today's video has a lot of nasty
comments it's days like these where we
open up to you guys and we show the
characteristics of our family and while
you guys just put us down for it that I
feel discouraged about vlogging I don't
know why people have to be so mean and I
know there's double the amount of loving
comments but nobody likes to read bad
comments about their kids nobody I don't
care who you are nobody likes to hear
bad things said about your kids I'm sure
there are a bunch of little kids on here
saying these things but it's
discouraging so if you don't have
something nice to say don't say anything
at all like seriously big negative will
get you nowhere in life and guess what
not all kids are equal they're not all
the same Symphony is an extremely
sensitive girl and I'm okay with that
I'm an extremely sensitive guy and he is
an extremely sensitive girl and she had
our genes we will catch you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other love each
other for all their faults and for all
their weaknesses and for all those
strengths I'll be the hand that you can
hold when you can't make it on your
home I promise you and not alone puttin
this together
if we say
Wow
