look what you're teaching our son sorry
buddy don't do that so we'll take this
image together welcome home everybody
we're enjoying our first day back at the
house I've been cleaning and not
relaxing like to plan can we have a
guest over pawpaws here just playing
peek-a-boo is my dad who's winning since
me daddy you're letting symphony win
we're about to do something really fun
that's why I'm getting my hair done but
I don't know what it is and we're also
going so much and I don't know where it
is that's right Stephanie and mommy are
about to go have some girl time
yeah just a big girl did you eat at
staying without an analyzer make them
ready oh yeah poor Jules she wants to go
to you she's talking to him I did eating
it out right-left like a Yankee look
we're starting out plan bable bable
that's right my favorite coffee shop and
we are going to get some coffee and
little bubble jellies that Symphony
likes and we're going to take care of
the important stuff that we want to
share with you guys okay and then I'm
going to do the almond smoothie with a
shot of espresso and coffee jellies
hey guys what's up Elijah yeah we call
ish like Sheila from now on today has
been kind of just a catch-up day for us
we've been on trip with less three days
I was catching up on things that need be
done so right now we're going to catch
up on Abraham's smarts you ready buddy
you better be able to do it the Moose is
loose how many houses did he get into
you see the Moose holes how many are
there 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 11 12
all right there's 12 houses all right
Abram you'll know this one it's called
Buddha which part of the computer is the
keyboard echo look every which place is
cooler Alaska or Hawaii because there's
snow there's cool huh we're going to get
these kids out of the house now I'll
take them to the part when the run round
get some energy out before bed tonight
you know what I mean there's just been
too much sitting around going on here so
we're going to take this we're going to
put slime in it instead of water you
guys ready for it let's do it it's been
raining out here all day okay not all
day all Marnie's been raining off and on
since so cloudy and at five o'clock
though the Sun is out I love it feels
great out here this morning it feels
like winter to me it was really like
Belgium I got nostalgic of winter and
I'm glad I started logging
because the battery is dying and we're
about to go to the park into the battery
honey we do get better
guys good yeah
what's up Tyler you too and I put
coupled up all the kids oh wow honey
just wow oh man no seriously go go get
it please just go do this cougar I think
those it okay oh boy
what a nice guy you happy we're bad guys
I got the battery let's go do this I got
the battery
he did he got it and I just got here in
the air-conditioning look what you're
teaching our son sorry buddy don't do
that what you're teaching me a room
teach me to scream like that before we
can head to the park and play our game
we got to stop by Walmart and get a few
ingredients because we aren't playing
Duncalf the regular way
okay we've made it to the park with
everything we need this is a place where
Sam and I did our engagement photo shoot
anything we should share some of the
pictures with them right now I know
where to find them leave it to the woman
to find out yeah we'll include some
pictures right here of our photo shoot
we did here we use the slide and the
trees all around it was a sweet day we
were both in college and it was all fun
we're making the slime to play dunk em
right and that's all the time we need
for you to spill to making that much
slime how's that food coloring and
symphonies going to do the honors and
dump this entire thing in oh yeah it is
eating away we don't they don't eat that
little chippy
we got in there I will see you this is
the first tree climbing
good job Juliet Jessie climb the tree
little
oh yeah we got ya
it smells really good too Wow I'm going
to try to make some thinner slime for
the game if I get something from that a
little bit you know what I mean yes it's
just way too thick well nothing but the
good neighbors glove looks like the
whole this is a texture that can make me
gag almost oh yeah I want it oh my gosh
it's like really it's gag we're all
doubt that one yes oh all right that's
better
I'm still not going to fall out put some
more water in there I have to be the
first one to go because I'm the oldest
and a youngest person is to be the first
to throw the ball everybody gets a
chance to the balls you get three balls
and person who hits it is it does not
have to
whoo we're back in a few minutes later
gentlemen one utility native how do I
look guys I think I look good I like
this hat I got to the ball at the target
try to knock the slime on my face oh no
coming down my face you got me ha ha ha
ha ha all right that didn't work we're
just going to water ready you can never
get enough of a baby in a tree swing you
already baby goodbye
hey for you ready
we're going to go eat a female mind and
everyone's going to have I don't please
can't beat it surprise me every time a
broom says he wants an orange chicken
when we go to pen express craziness new
area of Terrell that's just like
sprouted up out of nowhere it's crazy
how bats came out right and still like
tricky like star my friend Bucky pretty
Christmas right down the road for my
health but the thing is it didn't just
brought about an hour and it reminds me
of like the way I look at like wise
people and just look up to these people
and I feel like they're why just
automatically but it's just a reminder
that it takes work work for your wisdom
you guys want to eat outside
thank you daddy yeah what was yours
Conny got yours what a little Joel to
get you excited about it whatever it is
we gotta say for old times sake we play
Halo yeah let's do it
my favorite part was just trying to that
here what was your favorite pork dish
way you probably yeah it makes your
chicken right now I'm a chicken
my favorite part is this right here this
is incredible feels amazing out here
kids lived or walk this Cruise is
amazing I mean my big favorite part was
probably just hanging around the house I
just it was really just yeah painting
around the house
my favorite was how perfect our climb
turnout felt so fun on my hands in my
least favorite every time I've eaten
today and how horrible my food is due to
such memories
that cookie fortune says listen to your
heart when he's calling for you who
listen to your heart there's nothing
more you can do good love my music hey
guys it's me
that is a room by little patient here
I'm going to be brushing off little
pieces explain your shell yep I'm afraid
you have to sleep in me babe right guys
since we're doing things today for old
times sake let's go ahead and do comment
of the day what do you say no way yes
way alright comment of the day goes to
Susie shred Joe I also do a meet up with
Alex wasabi and Roman Atwood that would
be cool I would love to do a meet up
with both of those guys you guys should
totally go to their Channel and tell
them they should do a meet up with Sam
ran from Sam Ania because he would love
for that to happen thanks for watching
guys don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not alone
but in this together
we
baby
