like I started get really angry and
that's when I started tweeting sending
pictures out in this together
the
you
you
good afternoon guys it's time to head
back to Texas I am always excited to go
home and get in my comfy bed and drink
my own coffee
I think the chairs are feeling a little
sad though it was really fun Nana was
super helpful
now it's time to get back to reality we
have lunch at the airport guys how are
you doing tonight
we got the flight turn right this time
because that's being it then we have a
later so that's good right guys thank
you thank you kids are eating pizza
how's your pizza Julie it likes to bring
smile to some of the passengers
make sure the stick back over here
gee that was the doc say give me party
photography Oh
oh gosh it feels so good to be on solid
ground I just want to kick into that
forget the girl can't be just but I'm so
happy to be alive ah hi everyone it
helps on the car cuz we just couldn't
walk everyone is awesome - thanks a lot
this is awesome so fun yeah sometime
it's a rule
here come on I'm playing last ones the
horses play keys are split up on this
plane have a good ride buddy bye second
is my guy
Stephanie get this Dylan mommy were you
nervous when they're sitting between two
men no one by the window suit on
clairedy cat always there was a nice
what did he save you oh that made you
feel better
Juliette's happy dad's company poor guys
everyone's going to talk their ears off
how's it all buddy
you guys believe it we're home home
sweet home
there's Oreo hi Oreo sure missed you and
so did the fam basic one of these days
we're going to take her to meet and
greet and you guys could meet Oreo guys
guys guys guys guys I'm sure you saw a
couple days ago I left a few tweets sent
a few pictures out of the kids sitting
between strangers on the airplane we
were all spread out to the airplane none
of us sat together me and my mom are in
the front supper seats and the kids were
between two main strangers nobody would
get up and rearrange for us but anyway I
left some tweets American Airlines
responded they apologized I was ok with
it at first but when I sat in my seat or
sort of thinking about Symphony between
two strange men like I start to get
really angry and that's when I started
tweeting sending pictures out then we
flew up in the air and I started feel
really convicted I started thinking
about how much God has done for our
family and how much grace he has shown
me and how easily he forgives us and
forgives all the stupid things I do
every single day he forgives me when we
landed I deleted all the tweets but I
knew I just want to throw that out there
for you who did see those tweets that
was really immature of me and I was
thinking out of anger anyway we'll catch
you guys tomorrow I am so excited for
tomorrow we love you guys thanks for
joining us for c VX ly and don't forget
we love you remember to love each other
i'll be the hand that you can hold when
you can't make it on your own i promise
you and not
but in this together
cainy ladle my god
