I mean you know I'm sad and it's not
like their diary and I feel like I owe
you huge thanks for where I met today
good morning guys
we're on our way to church and I'm
wondering can you guys guess why I would
be wearing zero makeup to church because
you played all crying I mean I don't
plan on it but I can feel the tears
welling up in my heart now already just
driving to the church they actually
started last night but it's so so lofty
today is the farewell service for he and
Amanda it's finally here I have
literally been dreading this day for
months I've known it was coming I've
just been like pretending it's not gonna
happen and like March felt forever away
at the beginning of the year and now
it's here it's March it's time for them
to go and today it's a farewell service
how you feeling about it babe damn is
suppressing all of his emotions I think
he's gonna be extra silly today or he's
gonna break down and get emotional one
or the other yeah probably cuz you're
traveling there with him you're good by
asking me like I'm an extended goodbye
yeah driving in Pennsylvania together so
Daddy what should I wish with lovelace
well wish to Heath wouldn't go to
Pennsylvania
so this is the mic that Heath is going
to use for the last time today he's
going to be playing right here right
where I'm standing and it's going to be
really stuff
Weston
recently doing this he would rather in
the the guys home shopping team can be
like testify right he would rather dive
to catch a softball and just run over it
and catch it but I love this about him I
play the song Super Cup season ever
double years now but I believe that is
still true he wants to die
where everyone sees he's the only man
I've ever known who play the game pickup
basketball that when given a wide-open
layup will
give me your strength that show me your
weakness we're in this together Darwin
we're in this together nah give me your
love and tell me your secrets
cuz we're in this together now
yeah we're in this together now
I'll keep you safe
I'll give you my
even if fallen many guys listen up okay
do I have everybody's attention so Heath
the sky here very talented young man I
had fun with you bro I learned about
Ethan he's own food makes him really
happy really yeah he got a key lime pie
last night and he said this is the best
day of my life
anyway we got to get down there
wow you guys we're home now we let
symphony go home with Nana for a couple
of hours she has school tomorrow so she
won't be spending the night but man that
was a doozy of a service beau reiterated
several times in the service that we are
here to glorify Jesus to worship Jesus
not Heath and Amanda this is just a
farewell service for them and I know
that is so true but I had such a hard
time worshiping today like not not my
heart my heart was worshiping but I
couldn't even get the words I walked
into the service a little bit late cuz I
did check in at the kids area and so
they were already singing and I'm
telling you guys like the second I heard
Heath's voice doing worship I just was
already crying and during the worship
service he sang a song that I first
heard when we were going to church at
pillar I couldn't turn my brain off I
was like praying like Lord get my
emotions in check help me get my
emotions in check but it was like as I
was listening to Heath singing I was
picturing some of our first services in
the pillar church when we you know we're
rededicating our family to the Lord and
making so many changes in our lives at
home I remembered a time when Sam
received prayer from one of the elders I
remember to see him coming home in his
scrubs when he was working nights as a
nurse and he would come home extra late
every Wednesday because he would have
met with Heath those mornings and you
know just birthday parties and my
miscarriage their miscarriage I mean
marital battles that we've we've all
walked through together there's so much
more I mean it's just flooding my mind
it was all flooding my mind there was
this one Sunday Sam and I were at Bass
Pro Shops we're kind of in the thick of
things back when the Ashley Madison
stuff first went public on our channel
and it was just you know back then and I
just remember texting Heath and Amanda
and also Bo and shell the situation this
argument that we had been having and
this was a Sunday afternoon probably 1
o'clock I know what we do on Sunday
afternoons at one o'clock our kids are
all napping we're finishing up lunch and
it's a family day Sundays after church I
mean Sunday's are hectic when you have
little kids which we all do and they
literally dropped everything and met
with that
in that very hour they met with us and
that wasn't the only time and there were
other times where they just dropped what
they were doing to be with us and spend
time with us and I mean more than that
Sam and he throwing a Super Bowl
together I mean just have all these
memories flooding through my head in
this one song and I could not control my
emotions and I mean you know I'm sad and
it's not like they're dying or anything
they just moved away feeling the loss
that a community is gonna have
without them here I don't know it's so
wonderful they're moving because of the
call of the Lord but it has just been so
precious and so beneficial knowing
they're glad we got to share a little
bit of them with you guys before the
mania I know several of you have
purchased Heath's album on iTunes you
guys have seen him and Sam hanging out
me and Amanda with the kids doing
playdates having them over for dinner
you know it should feel like you know
the Aldridge's just a little bit for my
vlog thing consider yourself blessed
okay that'll be the intermittent hey are
you gonna go get Susi with me that's jus
your Pasi okay I brought you a choice to
play with you here you go
guys Juliet is getting so smart we pull
up to my mom's house and she says hi
beaver we pull into Nana's and she
starts saying hi Nana it's so sweet
hello symphony I missed you this
afternoon
where'd you guys go for lunch I
Oh yummy guys ate lunch at Nana's how
fun did you have a good time yes you
know what we have to do when we get home
right yeah but we don't have that much
left we just have to do your book report
and finish the chapter that you're on so
I'm not too much no math I know I think
we need to finish the one there I feel
sorry for myself right now
feel sorry for myself so Heath is
leaving even though I'm traveling with
him to Pennsylvania Thursday in a few
days I'm gonna take this time to
recognize all of the impact he has had
in my life he is definitely the most
influential person in my adult life thus
far pthose want to introduce himself no
come on
just be like hey I'm he he has helped me
overcome few things things that he was
the first one to tell me that God can
help me I didn't think it was true even
when he told me but I trusted in God and
we both prayed for it and it happened
another huge thing he changed my mindset
in his community and how important it is
to have in your life especially men with
other men he was the first person first
man to ask me out for a cup of coffee I
thought it was strange at the time I was
also very flattered because he was the
worship leader of our church and well
anyway we had coffee together and I was
like wow that was really refreshing guys
whoa blowing up my channel
a channel picks up people so her
discipleship Heath is my disciple though
is my pastor he's usually not here kind
of crashed I heard Sam was bringing his
camera when I showed up ureas marinas
camera I came home excited to be a
husband excited to serve he got me
excited to serve my wife again and to be
the husband God called me to be and be
the the father God has called me to be
and be the follower of Christ that God
has called me to be there's just no
words you know to describe what an
impact he has had on our family Heath if
you're watching I love you bro I
appreciate where you've brought me in my
life and I feel like I owe you huge
thanks for where I'm at today I don't
think I'd be here if it wasn't for you
and for you obeying Christ's leadership
thanks brother oh well Matty let me
going to give him a shout-out for his
album guys check them out he thought
rich you can look them up on Spotify or
anywhere you get your music or you could
buy it on iTunes I'm gonna put a link in
the description absolutely amazing
worship music go check it out is gonna
turn into a monster you finished it
No pretty reading a book report on it
she can do the second half next week and
do a book or four I'm gonna finish it
next week that's how much out wet she's
such an amazing reader she's very - last
night and my teacher even said if she
could pick a favorite it would be me and
Julie what favor wieder good teachers
should pick favorites I don't they see
that favorite she said if I could choose
the best reader right yeah that's it's
the best reader
okay okay that makes real fun you know
you don't want to be a teacher's pet
either I was a teacher's pet in high
school
Emma no I was one of my teachers I was
fat miss Harris
you do so one time miss Harris I got
trouble in class and she told me to come
sit under her desk so I said under her
desk which was Oh
pondering planning I'm just sitting here
on a piano area looking out the window
spying on Sam just for you guys though
he is outside building something and it
is 8:45 at night I don't know if you
guys follow me on instagram at near girl
9 but if you don't you won't know this
yet my challenge for the month of March
is no snacking past 9 p.m. and that
means if I want to try one of these
pickled asparagus
I'm like so craving one right now I have
to eat it within the next 17 minutes I
just finished my workout I did like a
core workout I would say it was like a
medium intensity the most delicious
thing you have ever eaten it for your
pickle fan mmm so good you guys I've
cried at least like six times today just
the floodgates keep opening up and I
keep thinking they're closed for good
and then I'll think of something and
I'll start crying again and we will see
you guys tomorrow don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other
face itself oh yeah Joel's funny we
don't know
