oh she's our Starbucks and so are there
girls
so anything at all why would he and
Jamie and refinery seat under his burger
in this together we made it to the
airport guys good morning how are you
doing today
guess who's coming with us stevia
chloride I forget the pre check this
time it was so smooth that we didn't
have to take our shoes off it was
awesome for some reason it was the most
stressed I've been checking in at the
airport ever for doing the security just
got really stressed out I don't know
what happened I was like Branson how you
holding up Nana I wound up great you are
doing good guy look at this baby she's a
baby baby she got her Starbucks future
are you at the airport you're such a
busy girl I've talked to a stewardess
earlier who was waiting to get on the
flight and she's like that and I'll seen
it she probably had flown so much
recently that she realizes the
stewardesses are the ones and up snacks
on airplanes
that's Dallas what are you talk
they took us back to Dallas alright
we're just what know we're still in
Texas guys what no what happened
this is really strange my gosh guys this
is a disaster you know those moments
when people say like airport disaster
this is one of them we're sitting here
wondering why haven't they called it's
abort it's time to board I look at my
ticket and it says p.m. we're here at
9:45 a.m. and our plane actually leaves
at 9:45 p.m. oh my god so we're supposed
to sit here for 12 hours of our kids I
don't know a I'm trying to figure out if
we can get our flights changed and leave
earlier and if that doesn't work out
then I guess we'll just go hang out
somewhere nearby
because our car seats are all loaded go
on the plane to Salt Lake City this
evening tonight and I'm 10 bucks all
right here we go guys let's get out of
here biggest mistake of my life I
thought as an aien ticket I bought a P
and taken here we are stuck at the
airport it's the only thing that I'm
bummed out about is we're missing a
whole day of TGIF I cousin action on the
deal but we got a hotel here on the
property we're going to stay there for
the day and wait for a flight at 10 p.m.
no just kidding guys we are stuck in
Dallas though because of the ticket
situation we're going to make the most
of it we're going to go swimming we're
going to order room service and we're
going to read
uncle Andrew made it we're going to go
swimming all of us even though fit me an
Avery just one there's going to go again
why is the work bigger
do you give your space I know guys
please don't be mad me but I've always
wanted to try where they go any counters
and this one actually works they never
work everywhere we go they always have
that key this one you don't need a key I
have to try
it's so hard Andrew I'm expecting 20
it's still hot so anything refresh oh
yeah I'm happy summer oh yeah oh yeah
month on world so long we have to eat
right here in the hotel we have no
tourists because we have no car seat so
we're stuck eating expensive food
mr. realm of the restaurant opens up we
have like five minutes hello I will let
anybody in early balloons and standing
there selfie culture
I don't know
we only have our room just for the day
so we have there was we had a fire a
hole into the light now so we offered it
to met Andrea but they don't want to
work early animation but on any of you
guys can have it
Andrew you sure you to order hotel room
for the night up the draft brother fork
and why do we the NGS hi I don't need to
Queen mentor self justify man she loved
yeah like that there you go okay kids
yeah I've made a few careless Airport
mistake the first one was I forgot my my
passport
second one was we left at the wrong time
remember it's a couple trips ago and we
missed our flight and now there's time
and then we get the time right I don't
know what to say all I can say and I'm
glad if you and not leave nothing Avalon
formation studies things
and refineries feet under his burgers
first to cook perfectly good bread and
second no put it inside and eat it might
be good maybe it comes with the burger
on purpose man you guys dinner was so
good this baby is ready for her second
nap of the data we've got just a couple
more hours until we head out to Utah but
check out what the big kids are doing
well I'm about to give you later than
that they're having a campout farmer boy
what are you guys doing in here is
including hot there they're so cute
click on their play
the five fancy hotel Divac my welcome
means all manatees doll I'm gonna talk
to your are my fans love believes all
right mom how'd you do it reason they
like my mom literally had her feet
propped on the seat in front of her yeah
there's somebody next to that should
that empty see you okay come on let's go
people are waiting all right you all
have talked to me and I oughta tell
favor and then capable vehicles I'll
help
yeah he was holding up pretty good over
there everybody's breaking down trying
to get a car here hello
what is that even a poop on my pants ha
and from the cookie I see the little
brains in it meaning you guys okay that
was a lot of walking right yeah but take
one of the cards out all the way in stop
said no I owe everybody here an apology
I'm sorry for the mishap with the time I
don't know why rent a instead of p.m.
but I did and I'm sorry guys we made
it's 2:00 a.m. 1:30 a.m. and we're going
to go to see jet fly tomorrow don't
forget guys we love you and remember to
love each other I'll be the hand that
you get home when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not alone
puttin this together
if we can't pay
now we'll do what you chew nice bro
