- oh god it's so cute I'm gonna go you
have to go in this together
good morning YouTube how you guys doing
today I just found some French style
yogurt in my refrigerator first they
have the regular yogurt with all kinds
of crazy flavors and they come out
yogurt in a tube and then Greek yogurt
comes out and pretty much takes over the
shelf and now French style yogurt in a
glass jar this is a glass jar like
seriously come on what awaits the glass
like I'm gonna baby food there bunch of
French words on the inside s'il vous
plait please will you be over I bet if I
took some Greek yogurt and put in one of
these jars and up the lid on there
somehow and he opened it and ate it she
would not be able to tell the difference
you just left the house I think I'm
going to do that I'll have to do it
later she come in and out hey welcome
home how about this French doors though
good thank you well that's me leaving
like huge difference when you agree
together right it actually like tastes
furniture like I smell like I'm doing
something really fancy don't each other
make this one don't hate it
hey can you close the door all right
well the crunchy over has gone the food
remains
I'm gonna hide
Oh
oh my gosh what is that what no let it
grow younger say something yogurt I
really don't like it Greek yogurt you
traded the yogurt yeah I guess they're
the difference I tasted it - it's a lot
tinier than French translate you can
tell difference because I thought the
one big difference between French degree
actually that's plain Greek yogurt young
point no it's like my garden sweeteners
oh really I don't think so it's a little
bit a lot pain here so Rebecca doesn't
work I use that plain Greek yogurt add
sour cream and so I feel like I just ate
like Mexican food sour cream because I'm
so just eating it
what are we doing today guys yeah and
uncle Matthew we're cooking old and we
might play wife or start life or sorry
the outfits are you you're coming over
here's one go swimming
oh yeah too wet out there though no
because that let anyway fanny
alright guys it is that time we just got
back from a trip we're headed out for
another one but first you gotta get our
priorities straight guys and so it's
time for us to do this awesome donut
floaties giveaway and I've got the names
right here are you all ready for it dun
dun dun
we've got those winners up on the screen
for you guys right now thank you all for
watching we hope you had fun with this
video and can't wait to see you guys
pictures swimming with our floaties
really it love getting on this
trampoline it's a big play pin for her
all right you awesome winners to claim
these donut floaties go ahead and send
us a message on Twitter if your
international unfortunately we won't be
able to send this out and we'll be
replacing your name with someone else's
anyway so go ahead send us a message on
Twitter tell us where we can send your
floats and we are excited to get them
out to you guys
always tell me to be first animal all
right without holding my hand here we go
I'm so patently she challenged us now
first to sit on my shoulder come out of
the water then to stand alone holding
her and then the stand and jump and then
the last challenge you challenge
yourself to do with a stand and without
hands and jump well that's how life
works kids you got to keep care of
yourself what you conquer one challenge
you got to find the next challenge and
conquer that and that's how we grow you
see it the better
open the round face miss your teeth I'll
make sure your teeth are okay
oh that's I kid hey just get ready I'm
gonna put you Olga already you are way
you're all wet aren't you watch this top
of scooter what I've got so front of
space it says until you live it ever do
both on men top I'm getting puffy poor
nice you okay you're strong out here
either razor - we got it's so cute he's
excited to see you got on the pole - CJ
really yeah you're so cute why I miss
you
dinnertime Andrea and I in kitchen as
always I made homemade chicken enchilada
it was like oh the 20th hole ripped open
I hate when that happens
yummy we're going to taste delicious
anyways our going to be delicious I also
made a little side dish in Korea bacon
salad look at this baby she really dug
into her dinner do you like to
enchiladas symfony loves mommy's
enchiladas even though it kind of all
tore apart it still tastes delicious I
tried it and that's kind of what it
looks like on plate nut too terrible and
for dessert we have gone homemade
blueberry pie and non homemade M&M
cookie
what is like two great cookie you cannot
I got a new pool cover at you guys a
suggestion the mesh pool cover to the
other one that came with it was jump
this one I think is you can easily take
it up out of the water
unlike the plastic one you strap down
really tight with this little wet chair
Andrew you help it do I got to keep it
covered for CBS why should you guys both
are out here to you can you guys to the
pool cover up it was really funny for
blogging you guys we're doing it I was
just like yeah that looks before you get
unroll it what do we get mat like oh I
don't get it so civil with roll that one
do you I'll just like
nevermind I'll just do myself he doesn't
doing everything myself
we're going to play apples-to-apples jr.
daddy uncle Matthew and in Andrea and
mommy and me airplane guys are gonna
pick horn and fragile so simply put this
we're down fragile what Stephanie goes
you don't really worry about that we're
the best effort in your deck that you
think simply will fund the fun in school
like we can't tell you real microscope
but fine how is that fragile microscopes
aren't fragile for none of these are
fragile school and school lunch wins
yeah I knew she loved that car that's
outside it Andrews magical which was the
most magical here for angry yeah and I
was you were thinking that one oh this
one why am i showing you my cards rain
horses Halloween the moon it's how much
green vegetable no I'm magical I use
what I have known do magical did a
monkey bars regular recess true for
magical
what about cortege get out of my house
the next card is pleasing alright guys
I'll be able to notice the winner of
these cards today because I'm gonna let
the fan basic take it easy
no yeah I'll let you guys know this
tomorrow me with me little touch to
carbon into card tonight Wow female it
really puts me in the nose alright here
we go guys yeah
weirdest pleasing Valentine's Day sweet
16 party alright neither good car
bowling snowboarding who put that who
put it you're the winner
I didn't go down that okay
he create compartment coloring your hair
that's right it is possible yeah but
it's not really fun card right honey
stop cheating it up chibi crayons now
that is possible and that's an ugly
yellow beans which one you gonna pick on
it and I'm coloring your hair oh wow my
turn I love playing games with my family
because it makes me so happy you just go
cheese do we waiting for
honking alright okay I'll go I'll go
I'll go
I'm gonna go you have two guys calm it
oh yeah it goes - we should start
calling that comment of the week because
we don't do it daily and we apologize
for that by the way you're so
inconsistent with comment of the day
just let myself wear it right now this
is for you guys
hello darkness smiles comment of the day
goes to crystal clear 18 who else always
waits to the end of the video to see if
there's any extra clips I love you guys
so much we love you too and six other
people wait till the end and if you
would tell the end of this video there
will be an extra clip at the end of
every video after the outro we have a
little bit little snippet of something
funny or crazy that happen that we
didn't include a novel also makes you
wait something at the vlog alright guys
we'll catch you tomorrow at CDX live I'm
so sign it it's our first time ever
being a CTA slide and I've heard such
great things about it I'm like really
excited about and to be in Salt Lake
City for the first time super super
super excited alright guys don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not
but in this together
funny for the vlogging you guys were
going around just like yeah that looks
before here if you're enjoying yourself
and meet him right no no no just I begin
I don't this law instead I'm using a
circle around
