you gonna hook you have to go up boom so
cool daddy want to see this truck
thank you he is going to give me a man
bun very curious about us in this
together my guys will have to excuse the
makeup lift hair mess again because I
just feel like when the eye is all like
gooey and certainly now I wake up in the
morning my ears stopped up like what is
the point of putting on makeup and like
making an effort
I feel crummy though I might as well not
make an effort to look anything other
than you know what I already look so the
girls and I are heading to Sandy's house
again let's go play holla
the gate is open today let's go play
with our buddies we are going to ride
bikes so cool daddy let us use his truck
you guys must be wondering why I'm at
Sandy sauce two days in a row for those
of you who are not new to our channel
you will know that before we had
Juliette and Ezra we hang out almost
every day and then like something
happened when we go to have little tiny
babies with two toddlers and two first
graders and we just ended hang out that
much I've been traveling so much from
one at CVX live and so I wanted to spend
some extra time with Sandy to sleep
because I miss her they have ditched
their bikes and now they are riding the
tractor with Kade as their precious
little cargo guess what we're doing
we're planning Sandy's what are we
calling not dirty thirty five six thirty
yeah yeah I'm trying to plant it we're
going big yo we are gonna have a weekend
trip get me amazing how many of you guys
listen to the kid kradic in the morning
show I'm gonna go watch the taping of
their show we're gonna go too big out
here in Delhi and we're going to go and
we're going to see and we're going to
Barris ourselves it's gonna be amazing
celebrate this girl that one there
hi thanks for having us over all right
Symphony was that fun yeah
now what's your job keep me hey guys
finally it's mine and Abraham's turn to
go out we were going to go out where
they went out but Nia took the car keys
and then we're going to take my boosted
board and go get a haircut then I
realize the remote with him a truck and
she took my job though we were stuck at
the house all morning and now it's nap
time and he's getting to skip his nap
because we didn't get to do anything
right buddy
yep shinbei shake I have a little glass
on my foot I punch my new bottom and
bang get on it right on anything guys
first stop the post office Oh which one
are we do you guys know it's one my arm
here one 1684 right you're going to get
that key and well I have the wrong key
so we're not checking the peel box oh hi
how are you so how you can you give me
my pill box okay yeah
okay so this package is from Jean
Highland after me in my house we shall
serve the more beautiful okay guys it's
lunchtime and I've got something ready
to start picking up a ma'idah tongue
fusion cooker this awesome cooker got
that I want Excellence Award for its
design and quality I'm going to be
starting with some veggies I'm going to
grab my 3 liter waterless pot and my
safety rings I'm going to turn it upside
down like this grabbing my safety ring
I'm going to turn it counterclockwise
you want to make sure it's sealed down
in a safety ring before you connect it
to the pot like so it has this awesome
smart touch feature with cooking
grilling soup baking options you can
select your temperature over here your
timer over here so I'm going to select
cook start I'm going to turn it to 4
since I'm doing veggies go to my timer
and do 13 minutes as I said earlier this
is waterless so all you need are the
veggies and some seasoning that you
prefer I'm doing veggies right now
because we're having lunch and I wanted
something a little lighter but a
dinnertime I like to use this deep
grilling pan for my meat as you can see
one cool feature about this deep
drilling pan are the high ridges around
where the meat sits which allows all of
the fat to drain off of your meat I can
just say that I've grilled with this pan
several times already and it really does
drain everything around it you just
simply take the meat off and it's ready
to eat ripen in there you don't have to
wipe it down with a paper towel you
don't have to do anything it's ready to
go it's super easy to use and it cooks
through meat really fast and makes it
really juicy it doesn't stop there
though if you want to make something
besides just veggies or grilling your
meat you can also bake with it you can
saute with it anything you would do with
your oven or stove top you can do in
this pan but for like half the time less
than one minute until all the yummy
goodness and they're done just like that
because of my secure safety ring I can
just lift it right off and pull them on
and now they're ready to serve with our
lunch but first let me show you how easy
it is to clean up there's a nonstick
coating on the pans that makes it super
easy to clean you don't have to use so
no need to scrub you just wipe it off
with a sponge and water and voila
right now I'm going to show you guys how
compact and easy this thing is stored
with your safety ring attached to the
waterless pot you put it on top of the
cooker you get your grilling pan and put
it on top of the waterless pot and then
the lid goes on top just like that well
thank you so much that time fusion
cooker for sponsoring today's video and
for introducing you to such an awesome
product I have made my job as a
homemaker and the soul cooker for this
family so much easier if you want to
learn more about it click on the link in
the description and check it out for
yourself I know you guys are going to
love it just as much as I do
alright next stop whatever I'm
terracotta but it was the last time you
and I got a hair set it's been forever
ago mommy and the girls pampered
themselves like once a week and we
haven't got a haircut in like three -
right bro talented
I feeling like you like us in America
I'm feeling like I'm an Iron Man that
stop pick up an orange cream shake
thanks
I just wanted to taste it it's really
thick but really good you're ready
what you see already you are you see
Michael Jackson somebody talk to me
nobody's you are nobody's laws what are
you saying bud is that one of the
worship songs hey you bet it's not such
a term yeah yeah whatever
alright bud what it imploded lotus it
imploded yeah for the trash man you put
trash out there were they a day it is
time guys to cry in front of my family
is going come on I I'm going to ask them
personal questions about me or our
family in general if he gets the
question wrong I you can pull some hair
off of this family Bob order to write
you got a lot of hair you guys
question number one at what time of day
that I give birth to our first born
child last time if you give birth to me
definitely
yeah it was a freer club and there over
like the wee hours
oh you got to give the exact answer
buddy do the same exact time so what
hour I said what is the exact time to do
yam it may be that time issue at what
time of day uh what time of day next
question the correct answer
you're not getting away with this 243 a
in what I've got it right at the 333
rubbing on Symphony your ever true those
you're gonna pull pulling it right not
ready you know you go up you have to go
up next question in what month did we
move into our first home oh it was all
this is they'll get you guys and
September it is October 19 next question
what is my favorite color
what oh I know this one all right when
I'll be back
pick one out it was to look in college
yeah what was the title of the song we
music video - Oh meta title the song Oh
baby I was trying to give you an 81 you
know remember I love a song yoga
unfortunately the answers my question is
collide you and July not you're right
tangled all right get it done over with
what is my current shirt side really in
terms of like small medium large yes
ruin yes music I don't know I said
current is it is fair never does that
mean Juliet I've been wearing mediums
and I said current open it's a first
time that my son is going to seriously
hurt me you excited about this buddy
you are Oh rawr band-aid Wow pull by
pull oh I'm gonna pull it out myself
does Nia have some nurse now so here we
go oh my gosh I'm such an idiot
this is little girls dear I didn't do it
himself okay that's not so bad it's
really not that bad you can hurt that
bad hey so honey how do you think I did
like knowing you eyes I thought I did
pretty good
I knew this are just another name I was
close to the month I didn't give the
month right on I was 15 minutes off on
when she was born on got handed you did
do really good however you were pretty
far off on the month I moved into the
house I was impressed though with the
song and when you're 3:00 a.m. I'm Benny
being born all day oh sup alright guys
we will catch you tomorrow for some pool
fun got some really cool plans I think I
know my wife a lot more than my husband
could sedative based on those questions
but we'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other don't wax each other love
each other I'll be
and that you can't hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone puttin this together
we can't play
I feel like I'm holding some skin right
off my leg
