my voice is coming back in this together
my voice is coming back
hey I was like praise give a stock to
see me so long Leslie is gonna level
with Pakistani huh
so here it is this year kind of a chubby
who's winning well you suck
you just started nothing I was good for
a while this is my career I won the
first round Wayne owes me a try on guess
who sandy has furniture now these are
the chairs from when she first got
married I mean I knew that drama look we
all American mother so retro I love it
brings back memories to me I mean I'm
sorry somehow give your buddy a goodbye
hug
all right goodbye high five there you go
guys we'll see y'all tomorrow maybe bye
oh yeah that's what we're all about to
do okay guys we're home from Sandy's
I've got the kids in and this ear on
this side it's like closed up like a
canyon anything outside of this gear and
my eye right here like I don't you can
see on the camera but it was like
swollen last night and this morning so
gross but like dunks was coming out of
it and my voice is still not all the way
back oh I can't get in to see my primary
care doctor so I am going to go to
Urgent Care here in our town and try to
get something for this
the char Sieu the big ol needle over
there throwing my arm or I say but no
fun like seminary just as all your way
to another life why should any okay
Isaac right nope yes oh hi I was calling
to see if I could give you a list of
prescriptions I was given today and you
tell me if they're safe to take while
breastfeeding oh great I'm on hold the
doctor's office comes up on you I was on
hold for like ten minutes and then I
have enough fun to treat myself since I
got a really horrible awful painful
thought seriously I'm such a baby I am
at hams orchard I'm going to get myself
a treat and take some home to the family
one reason to treat myself like I said
but another reason is because
we are going out of town again
decreasing and if I don't want it
displaces any clothes and summer will
fly by and I'll have no my shoes are
going to stock up and get some light
ages oh my gosh look at that line
apparently I'm not the only one who
thinks this way and it's a long I see
one pass to eggy yeah you guys know the
life of the blogger the struggle is real
get hold the camera in one hand so that
means everything else has to go in the
other hand I crowd everything up in one
hand usually so I can share my moments
with you guys like getting ice cream
I know guys I'm all done I got our
subscription and talked with the doula
and lactation consultant everything is
good to go and so we are doing our
traditional Walmart pickup but first we
go to our Starbucks of course Julie I
got gummy Panda here you go
and the kids got let's see I'm cookie
dough today Linda circle Seussian
awesome I got iced white mocha check it
out guys I'm making homemade fettuccine
alfredo oh what a mess again these are
the things that happen when we're
vlogging and you can only use one hand
to do what we want to do because showing
you have to bring you along for all of
this stuff anyways eyes are saying I'm
making homemade chicken fettuccine
alfredo I've got my chicken it's already
been grilled I'm going to grill some
more chicken over here got my veggies
cooking in here yeah me I'm not using
homemade sauce said I'm going to use it
from a jar I am not good at making
homemade fettuccine alfredo sauce hey
guys I missed you today I've been doing
a lot anything for you - live and stuff
like that CVX live we are going to Utah
today we have much member Cooper here or
just cool teases I like to be on the go
what do you talk you talk a state we've
never been to Salt Lake City I hope we
get to see some of you guys there but
anyway I won't know what you guys think
about teaching your son how to punch at
what point is it okay to start teaching
him how to do that is there time that is
too early because right now order to
chamber how to punch I have once already
but this time I'm getting serious about
really teaching you how to follow
through you know I feel like as a little
punching bag with Sam and it's a really
heavy element so now it comes back in my
face it isn't protected so how do you
guys feel about that
everybody let me teach you how to punt
when we look your systems like this they
go like this this part of your hand is
pushed to hit okay so I'm going to do
the slow motion
you come back here you punch it like
that and then you go all the way through
okay
all the way okay what's this big box
check it out
well look at that guy oh my gosh your
little Duff sweet hop set for your
kitchen get it so excited about it yeah
oh what a good sweeper for neck sweeper
Oh a little duster that's a real duster
because the house for us was that okay
room here's a little broom this is
CIGNA's like sweep up little pieces to
that dustpan try to sweep that paper to
this pan right there
what does that thing hit the fan oh how
do you stop acute oh I've never seen
before
they're over here's the mark and when
you guys are all right you get the
little hook you put it away just like a
little kid yeah yeah are you looking
good over here guys just is looking
pretty legit I like that it's all wood
so nice knee hope you're wet yeah okay
like this
Oh what do you think babe doesn't like
delicious homemade fettuccine alfredo
doesn't Miller's regret belongs my house
so fancy
you know I'm so proud of you in the one
you have always got happy eater try it
budget I love it
it's a franchise kisser what whoo eat
your carrots little girl show the big
kids how it's done
that's right Naomi Abram take one more
bite of your carrots and this time
closer I really tight close them really
really tight okay and when you open them
let's see if you see spider-man but you
got a closer eyes real tight take your
bite now when you open them do you see
spider-man absolute question of day guys
why do kids like bending so much I think
it's still more advantage of kids who
actually want to just learn for farms
and they do so every kid nice and even
because I was bet on that go would use
like and keep Batman this time we eat
that carrot yeah I can't look at my
barbecue not close your eyes that muted
in your mouth yeah and then I'll see
that man that matches the batman bag
right here i just ate all my can win it
doing try my carrot and swab to get okay
who does often and my belly button okay
okay what do you wish for I went over
woman okay I shouldn't camping with
women yup
give me okay don't forget to close your
eyes Billy tech go Jeremy pay and Easter
kid this is open when you're ready time
for worship and the seven-year-old is
starting chores helping me by sweeping
the kitchen after dinner she also
cleared off this very messy table and it
looks beautiful and shiny now she's
going to sweep for me
guy I just found out what it is
Abram just picked a boy and a girl to
Jennifer knows oh yeah it goes in her
mouth that's what God's will know to
bring them to the art of male and female
of each animal does it probably do Bible
time now guys we asked the book oh I
don't know if we lost it up there now it
is up there wrong or we misplaced it the
download of the Bible out for kids the
kids love it so much going to reach to
you really interactive that's your
questions after the story you find
little gems during it's really awesome
you get my very interactive a picture or
we go ahead and say goodnight you guys
don't forget we love you and remember
ooh
on the next level of the match game to
love each other
I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not alone
we're in this together
Oh
and they
Oh
