who wants to go swimming right now in
this together
Morna fan basic not a great Sunday
morning here at the Raider house Nia
what was a major year maybe it's a
toothache I'm not sure if she really
knows you but she's bedridden at the
moment I just borrow some motor and
hopefully that will help her pain but
you can't sit up without her whole face
throbbing so we may end up going to
Urgent Care before the end of the day
so unfortunately we didn't get to go to
church this morning the kids are just
kind of hanging around the house looking
for things to do keep yourselves busy
because without mommy things get kind of
boring should say mommy is the organizer
of entertainment and the reason I did
take the kids to church on my own was
because Abram woke up coughing and it's
unlike you sick this morning getting out
of there in gitis maybe with me ahead
yesterday I just kind of relax and day
first so far
I did pick up oh I'm a clerk yeah
Dixon what you just world upside down -
no there's no that means all guys go
naked into bowl bowls ever thrown
like I'm doing something wrong like I
should like edges oh my gosh cries okay
oh my de la vida Tom Peters active to do
it because no one to pain so I did not
taste good
not one missing I'm sorry feeling
gossipy all different variously acts
occasionally good Oh big help
did you kid now okay I think that I
answered yes I did that I speak Italian
mom I think I like Mamma Mia Hawaii
well I actually who leave your like
dabba do that up who wants to go
swimming
who wants to go swimming right now oh
come on this is such a bummer
what a bummer and so bummed out about
that a lot of cleaning to do guys
they're all this guy's I suppose quick
all this on top of cover and now pulling
it out and it's all being lost right
back into the pool what a big lake I'm
gonna call this video let me pull full
trash all right before somebody jumps
down my throat tells me how bad of a
parent I am because I'm letting my kids
swim in this pool I just want to let you
know that this pool is actually clean
besides the debris that's in here the
detritus that dead matter it's been shot
at it's perfectly coordinated it's
pretty clear right I mean there's a lot
of dirt in it but it's clear just try to
view it as a very clean would guarantee
something cool you're like I can swim
what's a friend really good so we
decided to come out here and swim later
in the day so we don't have much
sunshine over which is nice because in
the hundreds today I need to get some
better goggles these are like sunglasses
I can barely see under here in the shade
all right you guys ready to clean up
with me I just clean a bunch of it I
thought the camera was on and it wasn't
I'm now it's picking up scoops and
scoops of lead oh that's UFOs with Sam
basic are you sure that wasn't you Hot
Wheel kids yeah oh these are your kids
yeah what are your kids names oh really
and socks okay are they both boys are
one girl one boy here's really two boys
yeah you don't have any girls that's dad
girls are friend I love my girls
full of the completely invaded by these
little seeds not a pile kick kick hello
arms can you look there you go you got a
cup your hand like little cop look
stretching out like Superman do balls
hit button then foldable the gun right
if you're both and then this is how you
fool my birth your go like this and then
you can't glad you don't like that when
you eat can't unless everyone give me
your boy music right open it up a little
more you can't even break it it's cute
for you thank you perfect come in their
arms all the way there you go 100
another great stroke right
like an alien for the next 30
come on God buddy come on you can do it
scared of a carrot but it come on buddy
come on you've got it buy it okay do you
think can you see better
you see whoa your eyes look bigger so
every each other all gone every single
carrot on their plate you should
surprise I have a surprise for you buddy
I have something really cool for you
ringing sorry buddy you got to eat them
all okay there you go buddy
whoa Levi the kids good dude that's
awesome good job come on bud right on I
want all ladybox you want it yeah open
wide you see he's gonna run man - on
MySpace did it I haven't behind my back
you ready buddy there you go buddy
your very own punching bag I can't be
make a friend
it's a punching bag you blow it up and
you punch it you want to love it man
honey what about my very garden oh cool
hello explain why it's good if you know
is the stands when we win a trip no we
make sense to make
Oh goes to there a row burn I feel so
bad for you Nia first your toes in your
voice I am so sorry I'm old you crying
emoji sad thank you so much for your
empathy Sarah we will catch you tomorrow
hopefully she'll have her voice back
tomorrow if not you're gonna have to
deal with more of this a mug and if you
do I want to apologize to you but uh we
will see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other I'll be the hand that you can't
hold when you can't make it on your own
I promise you and not alone puttin this
together
we can say
unbelievable this unreal
