want to find basic how are you guys
today in this together
I totally took that article
enlightenment so I look like I've been
crying I have been really really sad
story about a little baby Charlie guard
and you guys read that oh my gosh he's
really just he's been crying for like
ten minutes
turn this just ha putting Juliet
dumperon happened just holding our so
tie it we're so lucky you guys those of
us who have really healthy kids we're so
fortunate and blessed and I know we all
take it for granted and we get
frustrated with our kids or one hour a
long time but great a picture we are so
fortunate anyways um tonight is my
10-year high school reunion and I have
this crazy voice which makes me feel
even more nervous than I already feel
anyways I got to figure out what I'm
going to wear I have no clue what I want
to wear the annotation said it's like
business casual is that what it says and
Katie
you guys know Katie you see her in the
vlogs a lot and my friend Lauren who you
guys met a few weeks ago they're going
to be there Katie did a lot of work for
this reunion I wasn't even going to go I
was thinking like I'm not going to go in
I'm gonna go but then I realized Katie
was super super involved and that gave
me motivation to go and just support
what she's done and see everything all
the hard work she's done so I'm going
I'm going with Morin we're going to be
each other's dates our hobbies are
staying home with our babies and I don't
know what to wear I'm thinking I want to
wear a skirt skirts are always
comfortable this is cute it's not too
much and it's summery and I like to wear
with my skirts like my really cute and
trim these t-shirts I'm taking that's
business casual right I don't know so
this is it maybe a t-shirt or maybe I'll
just do a dress I like to wear dresses -
Anthony what you doing what are you
sneaking around for you are there's some
donations back there guys and yes you
can have a snack cutie
and
actually since I'm not going to be
nursing I think I'll just wear this
dress it's like a t-shirt top but it's a
dress so slowly and on top of all that
it matches the sandals that hides my
broken little pinkie toe so I think my
ghostess actually yeah this is the
winner
hi guys welcome to Symphony show today
I'm going to be showing you on my
biggest sinner and stay tuned to the
very end because I'm going to be showing
you a very special one in Rio by Chris
Ghibli
you have beautiful labor time to measure
symphony for seventh year I'm sick buddy
stand up real straight okay wow you grew
a lot well it is always fine and then it
was a way of it
morning fan basic how are you guys today
I'm not doing so well
oka put a really bad headache I've taken
two excedrin that which usually knocks
it right out but this time it's not
going away I think has something to do
with going from amazing weather to the
worst weather in the world maybe I don't
know or maybe a little bit to do is
feeling sad about that new plane here
you go every time I leave California
from San Diego I get like I want to say
depress not the press but I get really
down and now it takes a couple days for
me to get back into the groove of being
in Texas it's really dumb but it's just
I don't know I just feel so at home when
I'm there and I just love my family
there I just need to spend time with
family here that's what we need to do we
need to hurry up and make some time spin
with Andrew my mom Rachel or Andrew
somebody but something else I've been
thinking a lot about is the meetup we
did guys the meet-and-greet we did at
Rocky's we heard a lot of encouraging
words from a couple of big families
family of like five and six four
different families that I was really
touched by that
and of course by a lot of kids who are
there with their parents who just
watched but the families who watched
together are just like wow and one
family said they sit down at the end of
the day and this is a quiet time but in
light of that and the fact that so many
people showed up before we even
announced on YouTube I catch myself
starting to feel special and I don't
like that I don't like feeling like a
pride of when you have this kind of body
so easy to become prideful and I guess
arrogant about it but that's not my been
praying in my head about like I'm not
special
Jesus especial this is all his doing all
his word he gets all the glory for this
not me and there's nothing I did
to deserve where my family that what
we're doing what he's gifted us with and
so yeah I just want to be clear that all
you guys know that we give God glory for
everything on our Channel
the huge strides that our marriage has
made in our family have made all the
glory goes to God it's all his doing two
hours until I head to my reunion in my
voice to send in my fist I've been
drinking hot tea with peppermint only on
lemon oil and pure honey all day and I I
don't know if it's better or not but off
and on again it'll crack and I'll be
like huh like that kind of sound when I
see people haven't seen in a long time I
tend to be like oh my gosh it's like I'd
seen Fisher do that again intelligence
you guys remember Sam remodeled this
room a few months ago actually almost a
year ago and these are the curtain
things I was so picky about what I put
up there and this is kind of like the
last resort option and I couldn't find
anything else that I loved so I went
with this pattern which I'm going to be
giving away today I used to sell stuff
like there's some around the house but I
just like why not just give it away to
someone to do that and the reason is
because I was just browsing online and I
found exactly what I've always been
looking for
and it's this so let's keep this put up
and see what it looks like you guys
ready let's do it together
what do you guys think is it an upgrade
or downgrade I want to know your opinion
okay guys the moment of truth this is
what I ended up wearing and it's going
and we are going to go party like a 2007
just getting remember party examples and
all except the bathroom I did I did
Lauren only Kings like four times okay
we're here requested the very back we
suddenly got nervous
ugly public parking lot we were like
we're going on a diner and then we got
here let's go old married women hi are
you here for the reunion oh my
this is my award
yes celebrator most surprising for where
choice I got to and I forgot to film it
we want
okay guys this is our class president
trade Spencer he's going to close us out
for the night right don't forget that we
love me in that you should love each
other yeah yeah I'll be the hand that
you can't hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not alone but
in this together
and we can say
am i growing yourself yeah
