more FM basic welcome to the land a fan
basic mermaid in this together we have
baby mermaid here who's this what's her
name what should her name is your idea
wait would your memory alpha it's kind
of you and we got two beautiful mermaids
standing right in front of me and I'm
not going to show you them until they
get in the pool though you guys already
girls pool what do we have behind the
corner right here we got a merman -
what's your name
skipper the poor mermaids they need
their water he doesn't help kill men
throw you in the pool what about the
Merman does he want me to throw him in
the pool there's a mermaid eater in the
pool no he's a mermaid eater
yeah go ahead these are baby mermaids
just learning how to swim
forget see the mermaid she's so
beautiful
good job sissy
where's your nerd dad and my mom
you got that parents where cousin is
coming to well this baby mermaid guys
look the baby mermaid
oh there's mommy mermaid what cute mom
it is your tiny little thingy mermaid
you want to swim he's drowning she needs
to be in the water we have a mermaid out
of the water I got to go pick her up and
throw her in the baby mermaid what
Quattroporte mermaid I'm human and I'd
give anything to be a mermaid maybe if
the lady of the mermaid pool kisses me
I'll become a mermaid myself I could
only get her to kiss the baby mermaids
too little for the big pools we got to
make her her own little munchkin their
baby mermaid Parrish you can't breathe
she's got to get in water
sir space I mean Mamadou but I went over
no no hoodoo
oh but it was broken it has a loose we
got to get the mermaid wet got to keep
her wet what a beautiful mermaid white
beaver mermaid hi little mummy oh boy
excuse me little mermaid little mermaid
how about you question me where can I
find the mama mermaid the lady mermaid
of the big pool you really far away is
it possible for you to go find her for
me so I can be a mermaid myself I'm
looking to get the magic mermaid kit
okay house all fine thank you so much
baby mermaid or would ring and Hailey
knowing Thank You Zoe
welcome wow what a beautiful window yeah
I could all wait for me ugly hairy feet
into a thing Oh what would I get to be
flipping right here instead of splashing
with these long nasty toes
why she ran over here 1o the medical kit
Direction turnin so a mermaid itself
very clear is that one over there yeah
it would be nice to have a man around
here I think I'll go find him can you
show me the way
what's that oh hi here you've been
looking for me Wow Baldy really um I
know so oh it looks like he's been here
ma'am
don't be late you Charlie I want to be a
mermaid and I hear that you know the
magic mermaid I do that have to be
starting near the right Merman for our
family
right of course what do I have to do to
become a mermaid to pass the test to
take the magic mermaid kit you have to
have the permission of all the children
of Merlin before you can join our team
are these the children of Merlin they're
so they're so beautiful
may I speak to them you may speak to
them but I have to warn you the oldest
child in Maryland is not here yet she's
on an adventure and she'll be home in
just a couple of hours she's going to be
the toughest to win over well for now
can I try to win over the others how
Corey okay girls there's a really nice
human and who wants to become a merman
enjoying our life underwater but first I
told them he needs your permission so
don't let him get off easy okay okay hi
baby mermaid do I have your permission
to become a mermaid and get the magical
mermaid kid for Mama mermaid yeah yes I
have want to prove thank you baby
mermaid I love you I love you already I
don't even know you
okay what is the first question are you
sure you want to be a mermaid forever
the rest of your life oh that's a good
question I'm fine about that yes I do I
want to be one for the rest of my life
oh great maybe a mermaid oh the waters
yes I do
I'm really sure Zoey good if you become
a mermaid what would your power most
likely be towards you power yeah your
magical moment everybody do you become
more male if I had a chance I think I
would pick to be the fastest mermaid
underwater
we won't know think about it thank you
thank you mermaid children of the sea
thank you so much I'm so excited now I
have to ask the permission of one more
child of the mermaid world his name is
skipper I will be nice I brought it
parlez pas Blackie no dunking or no
cookie underwater cool listen all right
a promise or no slapping with your shoes
no flapping yes no slapping people in
the face that they're saying throw
garbage okay here session the elders
patisserie sister
your first task the perfect dog great
job
second tank limbs from end to end of one
breakfast we keep zero
yeah yes
okay mama Mariana you have seen me being
tested and tried have I earned the true
love kids I mean I mean the magic
mermaid kiss I believe you have
look at the road
Mervin thank you so much
thank God you got a god just gonna kill
me ah
Oh
well fun and different one of the
mermaids passed out inside wait what you
drawing feet skipper hey Skippy hi
Skippy what your legs - what are your
legs - tell me - I don't know how to use
them you using like this we're coloring
now Yoona is over how you not you know
is an avid fan basic she watches every
single day daddy really awesome so we
have two great viewers or air - the best
in our family for sure he got maybe ten
toes when you color it and then hello
gonna take rice and you dip it in water
and it's change and then put the water
over oh hey that sounds cool
nice have you tried it yet no we're
about well let me know before you do
this like a summer okay that's a
Nigerian holdin a little big so and he
he he what
there she come here she comes she's
making her entrance
my sweet and Stephanie's in here making
everybody lunch they're so sweet and
tell you my dear
yeah but they're delicious everything
you make is just like extra good so step
a lot of our viewers have been asking
about your status cancers on a film and
just real quick really just about gone
Wow and all from diet yes you can you
can turn a channel that is so laughing I
don't like that it's a cool gift dude I
like your game can I have them
can I have them please please get him to
do the end get him monster baby she
don't get here she's coming at you we
got some viewers in there come on guys
come on a room hi everybody
this is Kayla and Trevor hey Doc you
married a lot happier yes happy wedding
rehearsal time
this is Matt you came back here who's
wearing the same clothes have the same
camera save paper in his hand look
exactly the same dudes crazy I got to
represent and gotta say traditional yes
a true to who you are he's having dinner
with mommy and daddy we're having dinner
with some friends after the meet and
greet it's important you guys see a
faces to hang all numbers rock up buddy
whoa bro whoa
and Adam if you guys don't remember we
say this girl we saved feel Oh a wave or
there may be some deformation and this
is Adam sister Laura that's also fam
basic which is anyone not Sabrina over
there anything bigger than your faith
destiny a trifle means and I got a
California burrito spell trying to kill
my son
oh shut up he's already mine we can't
still George he said he's gone he's
gonna stay with me bro Abraham you're
not gonna talk with Susan you go scares
me me and mixing up a milky America
never he makes that note in the dark are
you ready to go I'm taking you with me
today yeah today with with them anybody
no way you're gonna beat every day and
you can pick up the shell and go
swimming me yeah and eat all this
chocolate candy summer bird you're gonna
come back and hit your mama day
he's a great guy
they're wonderful people I'm far better
sweetie okay
some were so sweet to her I can't and
that you can as good as I do you
understand
Jessica you're second are to the viewers
for good matter what don't forget they
love you and remember to love each other
we'll see you guys tomorrow bye and that
you can't hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not alone
but in this together
can't say
yeah
