got a fan bases over here so we're going
to drive right into the water
Oh oh my gosh key in this together
bye you later glad you like it
want a fan basic we're glad to have you
with us today even if it's just for
today we're going to have a lot of fun
today probably in the pool good morning
hi yeah organizing our morning playtime
team so we can go swimmin who wants to
go swimmin come on Stu just women Oh
Juliet love to keep it that is so fine
helping Stephanie clean up a little bit
first I have to show you guys this
precious little site here Oh hug your
bear Oh
hey Sam how's it going some bourbon er
oh we just made a really fun video for
aunt Marilyn did we do good as actors
fabulous these look so much Tim said be
honest
late Sunday plan today guys rip the
yogurt shop we always talk about the
orders out first
people usually actually have to the
beach we're doing every program you just
can't wait yeah raucous buzzing yo crazy
story guys we got a fan bases over here
just General aney right here they came
from three hours away to come have
yogurt here because it's all in the blog
and just so happens that we're here on
the time people it's nice to meet you
guys all of you pretty visible Isabel
this is the real fan right here with us
weave in all orders same things so this
guy he got a big old milk thank goodness
cute we're headed east now like we have
been doing my makeup in the car first of
all wrong mister I thought I'd give you
guys an update on my eyebrow so remember
I got some tinted and a microbe latest
tech news read my journal home worn off
and time for me to do today so I thought
I would tell you guys what they look
like
okay this is so beautiful is everyone
looking out their windows looks like
we're going to drive right into the
water
I have heard a feeling with them it's so
cute oh my gosh oh oh we made it to the
call we're not going to stay in this
area but it is so beautiful and adorable
look at that family of feels I am just
in ocean heaven oh my god they're so
stinking cute this is like a dream come
true for me I want to go be with the
seals you guys are familiar with this
part of the coast it's really really
really bad
I'm dying holding out their children
through how are you your children do not
breathe through your nose
there's a little baby seal right there
can you guys be innocent chillin oh it's
so cute
Joey did you see the video or Sam tape
to seal with our friend Adam you don't
remember that one well hopefully here we
can just love on the field and kind of
make them in to all my people who were
really upset about that video cuz we
thought we were helping a little deal we
good Julia ping nosey I think she wants
that sandwich she's like a little puppy
she's gone mad Avery was being buried in
the background hey dude we're able to go
Wow
we had a little out of it there you go
all right
what do you guys building
cool Oh
CEA's Qo'noS coming off a pinky ho oh my
gosh gee I got the lifeguards first aid
kit he was in a hurry to get home for
somewhere very a vermin in the sand and
I'm you're just going to get up oh my
gosh honey your poor Brandon payments on
the lights turn it off honey ah sorry I
don't wanna make a scene between Matt
here hold my hair kids are okay with all
this right there according their nuts is
having nurses like with a broken toe it
does feel broken both side of my life
where my bone okay sir for mommy okay
did you kiss my toes are poking out
where you can
well since Mia's hurt me Abram and Sly
Fox logs here hi Fox plugs in the house
we got Andrew and Hannah here and save
me Caspian we're gonna check out the
seals everyone look at seal dude Oh guns
on the cave Abram no I'll hold you
it's Rocky yeah Carole hold you you have
your own legs can't handle that injury
hey you fucking fucks up shit like
here's our cameras you know cheers make
though oh yeah we got you closer dare
you oh it's lousy piece of wood sure are
man Tiffany you might not want to come
over here and Jessica it's scary
he's cute guys look at beautiful
platform yeah he's like protecting it he
can barely carry his own weight he's so
big Oh bellick painful
like we're fighting over there everyone
went up the stairs he said vlog me
before he came down hilarious this was
really funny Kogi this this is the shot
right here
well guys we're going to dinner now now
we're headed to the emergency room a
lady's foot go ahead to the emergency
room
Jimmy I'm having an emergency ran I'm
still Larry I'm in a lot of pain but
it's mainly because I don't walk up a
lot of hair I think I'm going to be fine
clean it he was like when you get home
you need to get clean it with alcohol we
definitely have to go somewhere and get
some more interesting for keep it
wrapped up like I'm afraid I'm gonna
keep on wrapped up really tight it looks
like he's doing a bunch of ain't can put
that on there get the dog what is it so
much older game and tell me what miss
please bring it ain't just could put ink
on there Jessie honey what are you so
weird is all over you guys it really is
disappearing ink right here but Leon as
you can see but it's different on your
ear and there here's what my child looks
like now few hours later everyone says
it looks gross
there's the damage guys oh honey yeah
there's no bruising or need that's just
dry blood your kept note your turtle is
gone looks like you might have stained
in that
I'll keep soaking it well I'm going to
be soaking and we'll see you guys
tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love you sir I'll be the hand that you
can hold when you can't make it on your
own I promise you and not alone
we're in this together
if we can say and nasty
and
