got to randomly pick a house here and
we're hoping that they watch our videos
he's in my space it looks pretty cool in
this together there's the ball oh oh
don't cry okay I'll try now summers back
is her father I'm back I may look like a
grandpa but I'm not his hair was white
you look like grandpa here to see we
both have beards with the differences
I'm the good-looking one he's not that's
really for you know their cartoon
character all right I'll see you later
my hope that you're actually filming it
yeah hopeful things Oh dad is a recorder
your Japanese listeners it was this
country I do mean myself Steve and
emotion
he teaches Japanese to English with I
think in England in Japanese do yes to
doctors and the store and if you want to
get my book what is my book what's the
title my they don't want your book yes
we do the deal the Japanese the art with
speaking American English discuss the
juniors at one another this is the
genius right here but I am but I am
because I am the good-looking as you can
see not so good looking good looking
good
good luck to me hello my god let's go
let's go let's go
we're a fan to the beach imagine that
Sunday hey guys don't this morning it's
a beautiful day here one of these trees
got to randomly pick a house here and
we're hoping that they watch our videos
Tianna home we just want to say hello hi
Gianna
can you guys say hi Gianna can you give
her hi is it Tiana
yeah like the princess toy nine years
before the other day was it you in the
car freaking out we're at Mission Beach
now we're going to hang out here for a
couple hours
check out this parking can you believe
this this is in my parking he's in my
space
he thought he's going to take up two
spaces I was like no you're going to do
that people are driving around here like
crazy looking for a parking spot so I
managed us fit in there but we can only
get out on the phone so every Minar
going to go to haircuts and the girls
are going to be hanging out let's go
ride around
or well let's go further hits
can we get a haircut
everybody left me they're all out having
fun and I'm just sitting here so he
takes a nap I tried to give her up at
the house and she wasn't cooperating it
was really loud and there's a little
early to be honest because I knew we
were coming here I'm just going to wait
it out with her she definitely need the
mat before we go have another busy day I
think this is the best decision for my
little bunny I made it to where everyone
is there's everyone right guys and of
course that's good as I don't everyone
the owner it doesn't so I'm going to
stand in line and just as soon as I
guess what are you going to ride this
are you going to ride that disco ball
right there oh that's the thing you
don't run it looks pretty cool though
thank you all right let's go right guys
come on well we had a change of plans
before we ride rides we're going to tell
Nana bhai she up head to the airport
phone you ready to tell me I bye Nana
this is goodbye
we're going to miss you I'm going to
love you
why baby girls might be a little fuzzy
she's saying bye okay we said our
goodbyes so what do you know we're
saying more hellos now did you get hurt
your house is good you got that hat
you're like I kind of like it
I saw it the princess Oh Sabrina oh yeah
I know that that's why I'm here I'm here
for the Lord oh um you gonna hang around
you gonna watch the girls ride here they
go here comes MA
how are they maintained what would you
have done if extension through it was
never prepared for my son's become such
beauty into like the little later
someone has dropped to it leave remove
over let's go ride the bumper cars
come explore Oh Bobby - sword I'm sorry
little guy will roads work there we go
now we have moved on to cares now we
just had a really awesome 45 minutes of
relaxation 12-sided I said the last 45
minutes and it's Stephanie her and my
nurse Juliet kids ivory-colored
did you relax middle life and now we're
going to go have dinner who's ready to
go through the Corvette listen I read
another really cute
somebody's on a back of the ball and if
you don't know how to put them on just
put them on like stick
you guys know what you just came to
earth to save them laughs that's right
we were God's lost sheep and Jesus came
here to find us bring us home
not too bad
Tiffany is about to get some rockin
birthday it has a bow and arrow and a
quiver
let's see your everybody turn around
three arrows awesome
Oh crazy night crazy spoiled kids today
that's for sure we will see you guys
tomorrow Don the Sun tilde with the
Raiders tomorrow we were going to be
doing something very unique so come back
for that and don't forget we love you
guys and remember to love each other
hi guys today I'll be the hand that you
can't hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not alone
puttin this together
and we can play
I'm not going to show my uses last year
