who's ready to go to the beach together
good morning guys how are y'all
we have started our day out by the pool
everyone just has some food and now
we're all having some chill time the
kids are inside relaxing for a little
bit kind of thing can I stay out here
and enjoy this weather and this little
pool by myself Sam is boarding to the
yogurt shop to get some coffee from his
aunts being one of decided to do is just
clean up a little bit out here and then
just chill everyone's chilly morning
guys
I'm off to Rocky's frozen yogurt ooh get
me some yogurt and some coffee
extra
who's ready to go to the bay hey MA
hey guys ready to go to the beach with
our family and stuff is trying to get
rid of this TV if we have any San Diego
fan basic and want to take it home it's
free and it works gray are you going to
meet us at the beach alright we're going
to Rocky's right now Rocky's again rocky
for the be the girls match today sea
symphony has blue with daisies julia has
blue with Daisy
haha hopefully with David we're going to
be doing a little video shoot over here
we're doing a little skit it's going to
last like 30 seconds for Instagram and
Facebook for promoting Brock is frozen
over America she's got some really
creative ideas have I told you Riesling
that I'm proud of you oh no it's
probably that recently I'm broad and
you're creepy yeah
I'll take a blueberry pomegranate on a
very pomegranate animal crackers can you
put a couple of the bottom and rainbow
sprinkles please
oh that's whore this is blueberry I'm
going to blue
oh hey Jessica gives the torofi
water there and stand here towards that
way and rester never arrested them over
there they have nothing but staying that
way and some that Cove is right over
that I'm having a little conundrum here
I don't have my bending suit on I don't
want to go for that the change I'm
digging
I think about just changing here my
underworld okay and you cover me up with
health we're sitting in Maryland you
look after you yes Father yet a fairly
Bobby let's go to the big wave go on in
the really big one okay so welcome
there's a big one
oh okay I can help you buddy
can we make it make an effort to meet
you remember San krub
look at that oh cool year or two the
sand before my feet into jello guys
what's wrong
you trust me yeah I'm gonna drop that
trophy hunting if I know it's like that
is guessing that Hilter I'm going up it
and coming all the way down a few from
up there is amazing I had to go back and
get you guys still steep the skills this
is nothing for the booster board
nothing haha
just look at that we're going all the
way down there you go when I'm going
down I have to reverse it because it's
too fast
Julian first time has to be like legit
first time very curious about how
unfortunate another tragic event at the
beach
beeps time is over and as we're getting
ready to leave we saw this massive
bubble fest happening back here can you
guys see those
Wow that was like a huge tunnel of
bubble
as you can see Abram did not have any
dry clothes so he's wearing ant stuff
sweater and he looks adorable in Delft
Lanie
oh he is so cute amidst this guy he
looks like Oh Penelope Mildred no he
looks like et seems like Abram in the
street with a boost controller you get a
ticket mom
Wow look at my brave guy look at them so
cute that Abram trust and so much this
is such a sweet thing as a mom to know
you trust the moments for a reason so
suppose we okay they're coming back
hi honey made it home guys we're eating
some tacos and right at Jessica's
assumption is really good um so we're
going to have a meet and greet here guys
in San Diego you guys asked for it
we heard you come on and we're going to
do it at Rocky's frozen yogurt again
here in San Diego and it's going to be
Thursday at 6:30 right hands alright so
if you're in the area we'd love to meet
you guys
so we will see you guys there and we'll
see you tomorrow on the vlog so don't
forget guys we love you and I remember
to like each other
I'll be the hairnet you can't hold when
you can't make it on your own I promise
you and not alone
puttin this together
we can
