do you see anything cool in your plate I
don't really agree with that which
always is something so good and there's
got all the things but a mess together
do you see anything cool on your plate
yeah happy birthday it's a real birthday
today birthday
good morning fat basic welcome to
another day in San Diego California
it is Sunday morning we are off to
Pacific hope this was a church but to a
brother used to attend when he lived
here now it is the church my uncle
Steven attends and there's the birthday
girl what do you think gay bro at
Maryland bottom all present for
Symphony's birthday I don't really agree
with that my mom knows it I think I
notice that you know like my mom does
aunt Marilyn did execute
they don't want the little they feel
like the other kids shouldn't be left
out and I disagree that they should be
left out they should know how to
sacrifice all their time all their
attention and be able to give it to one
person it's actually a good day to be
able to practice sense anyways go to
church seven-year-old is pushing the
baby now Tiffany you are officially a
helper for the family it's time to start
making chores for you start paying you
allow if we do them
weighs nothing life can't get over how
handsome is Catholics today what among
cycles my damaging jumping up ball with
the closer those nice walks on those
your truck
Betty right sorry again addressed well
sure I so like that's why scared daddy
we're doing now can you help me you got
it you almost got it keep going all
right here can I throw you in no just
asking thank you okay
looking good out here ladies so festive
this is cool you have little leis on the
chairs we're decorating for symphonies
birthday party right now it's going to
be right here at settings pool it's
going to be great I did most of the work
out here it's so funny nothing you need
to put you jet wait babe need to put you
to work because the pinata me I'm trying
to figure out where to put it there's
nothing above sir
where's the birthday girl
go look around and everything I hold a
pinata over the ice and rakia became a
girl
all right sniffing you ready for the
guest of honour to arrive well they've
already arrived but they're about to
make their entry into the pool party
let's give a round of applause and a
warm welcome to Donald Trump
yeah president maybe your party can you
believe that
like you made it to our party Nicole you
guys remember her last time I tell you
we were just about to announce that
we're having our baby that's right
anyway the pool party has officially
started everyone is getting in the pool
I
that was Adam that just jumped in the
pool after me
hi Adam Nicole hey you guys remember
them yeah we said this deal together
okay just maybe Tommy yeah we just don't
over saved it or kill it want to be
using me with all we did something so
good and there we got all the same hate
thirsty
Juliet's drinking the bass out of the
speaker is it good is that some good
babe she's all about that bass all about
that thing that's not nothing
hopeful steve is so awesome he fixed the
holes that were at Stephanie's roof I
was feeling yeah I did my bed it's
awesome I always do my bad
Monday Monday Monday then I come here oh
not more oily and greasy now he's eating
the people
when I saw in Stephanie holding down the
house I got teary-eyed I don't know I
can insert weeks doing this party a
little bit like happy birthday to you
happy birthday happy birthday
if anybody's me except me thank you
sweetie
triple chocolate typical concentration
listen you know I love you right
just not this time you keep you're good
you're good
you like that frozen yogurt Uncle Andrew
face time and you're so lucky you've got
two infinities birthday cake all right
you gotta climb every fourth verse there
you go buddy
did it ever black
happy birthday yeah yeah yeah happy
birthday to Symphony happy birthday to
you my dress
the boys are stuck like that do it do
another blue the hell it is you you got
to breathe it your second and like
you're breathing you don't breathe out
yeah yeah I can't do it here yeah yo
guys I'm going to go to my other aunt's
house to upload the vlog on earth the
ended early today but it was good to
hang out with y'all on 57-year birthday
but we will see you guys again tomorrow
same time same place right here in San
Diego California
we're headed to the beach through lots
of fun things tomorrow but don't forget
we love you remember to love each other
I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not alone
but in this together
we never can
reverse reverse wheeler
