and our flight has been delayed a jockey
I'm Gloria love you guys
I've taught a law school is right out
puttin this together good morning guys
we made it to the airport and our flight
has been delayed by an hour and a half
oh my goodness oh we were just kind of
taking our time getting some creative
photos the kid I'm playing with this
blue-eyed beauty hello bright day Jersey
City oh you want to play peek-a-boo
where's the baby where's baby
why do you have so many onions okay Oh
whenever we're going to be taking a
traveling
remember we recently got that new red
luggage well it fell apart on the ham
coming home from a garage check out our
new one please gotta make a quick phone
call
who are you talking to no I said asking
you can't a lot of trouble walk into it
I heard that my goodness you're giving
your brother ten whole dollars
I have 77 why not get ten and when I am
70 sitting there is so generous of you
Symphony I'm very proud of you guys what
a proud mommy moment I'm uh saying but
proud wifey moment I just don't know
about this
I'm just kidding Symphony has a lot to
say about daddy booster boarding in the
airport
I swear person currently crashed into
any sea lucky I believe that was the
most aggravating slash tongue biting
flight of my entire life behind me I had
kid kicking my seawater neried sitting
next to that dad will not stay wording
in the entire time kicking and kicking
and kicking right in front of me I had
Elaine laughing the entire trip no joke
the entire flight she's lacerated man
guys I only came well what are you doing
here that's an Italian cheese pie
crummers
are you the kids couldn't wait a second
the moment they got in the backyard I
jumped in the pool put their clothes on
I hope I'm Steph doesn't mind sipping
don't you have a bathing suit just like
right behind that door to get massive
duck down water looks so pretty
wow that's deadly we kid
yeah water has always fascinated me just
so curved just looking at it how it just
kind of keeps itself together it was
like no space between it when it comes
together does wonder fascinate you guys
it's just some incredible things when I
sit back and just watch water I just
feel like how can you deny the existence
of thought I know I had to go there yes
I did I had to go there but it's just
it's just such an amazing it's a miracle
I have a killer Oreo with you guys whoa
check out this bruiser brother go over
oh wow this feels incredible
it's really not as scary as you think
it's been available in Spanish that is
probably my biggest fear I'm scared for
just I like to tits up like this I don't
know why
I'm rising my booster board on Coronado
Island tell critical is that I thought
it was awesome riding in San Diego we're
watching a movie on the beach oh man
watch just look I'm kind of lost for
words right now
that's where the play movie right there
excuse me little boy was your mother
yeah what the heck it is about the
Grecian baby so precious look at that
girl oh my gosh excuse me I am already
having an allergic reaction to cat hair
some will give you funnier the bunch oh
wow yeah this was amazing
Bertha's honey you don't want to know
stop looking at it
don't even think about in Italy this is
summer she's an avid fan basic we can
call second one she watches every video
there's not very many family members
that watch every video none of my family
watches all the video I do know how much
all of our videos call newer time doors
under post and I couldn't think of one
that you wouldn't know because she
watches all our laws Oh Baby it's good
helper
tonight you're gonna see the water come
on I have pants on lot Neelix no
beautiful here I've got Li tiny your
dress what's incredible out here you
look incredible so we're watching a
really family-friendly movie ro1
strollers I knew those a good reason why
I held up watching this Li and this is
why because it gives you a watch on the
beach but awesome family
look you're cool with listening to
somebody what's that call that that's
called stuck shutter
lens cover well guys what are you guys
thinking I hear Justin are gonna go
anyway from Cal view my goodness and you
guys don't forget guys they love you
remember laughs oh I'll be hairnet you
can't ho when you can't make it on your
own I promise you and not alone puttin
this together
can't they
goodnight baby yes I need
