Symphony and mommy are out for a
surprise
don't you remember our deal we're going
to drive up to some kind of hard right
now this is really different for the
check it out in this together morning
we're making the escape - yes we are
company got this little girl scout Easy
Bake Oven for her birthday
he had egg Easter breakfast with our
little rosy cheek yeah yeah MLS Cup was
water use the perfect cookie measuring
tool so you can get really busy
eater - like that man okay put it back
turn the water faucet on and then pull
it while you're getting it and fill it
to nine place the baking pan in the
center of the baking insert slot kind of
hard to see I'm cooking in there but
they're cooking babies like any faster
cooking Oh tricky Dalek - sugar look we
link with your dollars in their symphony
is it fun for you could you get yes are
you is it gunnie
amazing not again take the whole anyone
oh sure thank you anyhow
Salem is pretty tasty hey guys now
Symphony and mommy are out for a
surprise outing for Symphony her
birthday is in just a couple of days she
has no idea where we're going and I'm
going to surprise her when we arrive
first Starbucks here you go sister she
got a decaf cinnamon Dolce and so today
I can have coffee at this time but it
sounded delicious on to the actual swing
you know why
you don't know why Stephanie how can you
forget don't you remember our deal what
was our deal
yeah and I said like older as in when
you're seven
is it
I think I'm going to go with glitter to
hatch my little seven-year-old princess
rule they're gonna get a slushy because
we're celebrating her birthday
awesome sure oh you even got some
birthday cake what in the world are you
feeling special you sure are
what should I decide okay this wasn't
clean a little bit more about what I was
talking about when I sold symfony that
this was special because we've been
waiting for it a few months ago we went
got her nose done and something happened
and symphony had to have a consequence
and so I told her and her consequence
was waiting to go to the nail salon
until she's older and could show mommy
that she would have a big girl attitude
do you remember that symphony and so how
are you feeling about it now you feel
unhappy
so anyways I'm super excited that
consequence was a little long even for
mommy because I love doing this
girlfriend
okay symphonies all done let's see your
nails
wow those look so good Symphony
finishing is mommy-daughter tell okay
let's go home and see bubbie and daddy
before mommy and daddy go on our date
tonight we're going to drive up to hey
Rome out here and this Juliet down there
they're just playing in the water
outside we always turn the camera off at
the wrong time abran literally rat when
I turn it off you looked at Sam and goes
daddy you know what you my best friend
but I don't want you to do that because
my suckle Symphony brought him home a
sucker wait babe oh can you believe they
sprayed us after all that girl time we
had oh my goodness got my hair soaked
you guys I'm so bummed about that a
fixed occasion on a day I think the
bottom half of it what are you doing
okay are you Charlie max what are you
doing go get it get it pick it up come
on man pick it up get it come on man you
got it you got it
oh good job dude don't shoot me out so
the baby's busy trying how to feel a
little flip it off
but a beautiful monster baby I got this
too today every man I've just been
hanging out together little girls have
their little day out now Nate and I are
brothers on a date we are going to go
see my brother and be with him because
they're going through some kind of heart
right now and we'll fill you in on that
once we get to their place we're also
going to get some luggage because
tomorrow guys you listen tomorrow
we're going to San Diego tomorrow I
can't wait for the rest of the week is
supposed to be over 100 so we are
leaving at the perfect time beautiful
San Diego here we come right honey
leave here today right granted else guys
and this is where we're going to be
eating check it out we're at the truck
yard we're going to have a double date
with Matthew and Adrienne and kiddos
that never happened this is really
different look at this
my name my name is etched in the tundra
I'm busier yeah crazy that what yeah I
bet you guys can't guess what this is
it's not just a likely place it's two of
them and it's a menu how awesome is that
to order your food had all these
different trucks and then leave it at
the pool bar and I just figured out why
it's called the truck yard because this
table is made out of a bed of a truck
flying because if the taxi Jack's here
oh I didn't think about that
I mean in this house what are you
getting there I think they are getting
it right now I don't know that having a
conceivable as the other challenges I
don't understand why I don't get a tow
truck and clapping this just kept me
that hard just like movies propel the
way bring a coat rack you mean gravity
thank you pretty good what you did I got
kimchi fries and a Korean pork barbecue
taco it's amazing no
you guys will get the king we're having
popsicles because Nia wants popsicles
I'm anticipating a lot of poison air
what so popular she's popsicles pretty
looking and people are you looking hey
would you guys get lavender lemonade
root beer
Cheers you have a B - I got a root beer
with you it could use new cream both
like TV degree yeah what got cookies ice
cream but I've been eating Klondike
cookies and cream bars all day long
goodbye Beverly all day I got one out of
the box there's a cookie in it whoa show
me your scar mat for the ticket out
really we started with it so Matt was
diagnosed with cancer and in oral it was
a huge scare for all of us you guys
remember the vlog where Nia got
emotional when she first saw Matthew was
up a few days ago
well they had a lump my arm he took it
out to move the fix we have send it to
lab to get it analyzed they told me over
the phone they've done those cancerous
and ducked want to see we as soon as
possible and then he found out after
wondering that had it spread anywhere
except right there it's a rare cancer
but we're so thankful God's real went to
his house prayed over him even my
brother got off fake Tom so security
we've never had anything like that in
our family ever is like wow if cancer
doesn't spread but is very treatable and
routes up to one more operation ever
in a couple weeks people Pat who had
this event treated gnomes ever died from
it that we know of
that's good news also from my experience
I don't have any siblings and I got to
say that was like I felt kind of like
that was life-changing for ssibly
like we've never sat and prayed together
or like been serious like that we're
always joking and polite yeah yeah it
was just like a serious moment where we
realized like we really love Mataji we'd
also do not want to assume the cool
moment was coming together and praying
and trusting God together I feel like
everybody knows somebody who suffers
from cancer I'm sure you guys the fam
basic probably have a lot of you guys
serving at family members who have
cancer or encourage guys to go down the
comments section maybe share that with
us we'd love to like start discussions
and take prayer requests really what it
is tell us you know what's going on
within your family so we know how to
pray for you I also want to invite all
the other fanbase to go to those
comments and give give them some
encouragement some love and offer them
some prayer and some if you have some
advice or experience share that with a
but thankful God we still got Matthew
for a few more years no no not another
one
they have another Avengers blend bag
cleaner in here and got to get it there
we go in
jackie has begun first let's do comment
of the day and it goes to Keaney Leno
when Abram said click I lost it
so did we click we lost it too we've
watched that clip so many times glad
that you guys thought it was just as
cute and funny as we did tomorrow when
you see us we'll be in San Diego with
our family aunt Stephanie and Jessica
and Nana we can't wait to see you guys
there
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other I'll be the hand that
you can't hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not alone
puttin this together
if we can't they
Wow Oh
