that's so cool and we're kind of failing
that does not say anything about our
manhood in this together
happy birthday thanks says happy
birthday
Samuel s ym p 8o and why oh yeah
happy birthday today your birthday no
we're just celebrating it today my real
birthday yeah don't push me down I have
a cupcake to me when we make them you
came hey good morning guys
today my birthday and today we're having
grumbled and healthy bacon and sausage
they were also having grow and vegetable
or just fruit and I'm having a bottle of
one so like mommy's here and uncle
Matthew and Oreo this is Symphony's
present from Abram oh oh
Barbie oh yeah Abraham's giving Juliet
his fruit what kind of fruit is that Ava
I'm not I'm doing what is it the
birthday tradition with Symphony is
continuing and we are making our own
birthday cake explain our tradition
Symphony every year I like to bake my
own cake nut right
why do you like to make your own cake
and this year we have a new aunt to join
us for the tradition and she loves to
bake too symphony is so big now that she
can just get started like without even I
can read and I can read the instructions
- yep so pretty cake batter it's kind of
better than barely with baggage
we're on our second batch now
Symphony's gonna open her second gift
this one's from mommy and daddy well
Santa Claus okay wait for your birthday
it's a good Oh it's happy look at the
glitter symphony oh don't worry your
sisters waiting for you it has a crack
right there
perfect he wants to have to symphonies
sitting on the bladder let's do it crack
Jade dragons and glittery oh my goodness
okay we're getting started on the
decoration of the cupcake symphony is
doing the honors of our little paint
palette going in perfect we're headed to
the birthday party now we're taking
destiny with us and Bebo ex-junkie Bale
Andrew and I are on cake duty and we're
kind of failing one of the cupcakes
already fell out and what I say we I
mean him
are you
me a toss fell Bevo
that is beautiful Andrew and I are the
only guys in here painting that does not
say anything about our manhood well I
miss my niece yeah I'm here for my dog's
birthday about Roy I'm not really trying
that hard there's nothing I like it
shame I thought the strip turned out
pretty good right looking good babe
Andrew I'm liking the little touches you
got going on in there oh that is awesome
now that is going in a studio eventually
your leaf has a lot of character it
reminds me of you actually that leaf
yeah
the way it's just kind of rounded on the
edges Andrews getting real into it over
here I think I got a little sick
beautiful I'm simply going to draw a
picture a ring
another diamond ring a duck a duck E
rubber duckies Sydney in our team yeah
well you're bigger than mommy you
actually really like your this is
turning out good pretty good see right I
like your grounded
so good can't believe it don't even have
feet that one's yours I thought they'd
be here that's why should Google top so
chic aside you can
we are home now and headed to dinner
with some more of the family symphony
actually went home to spend the night
with my mom which is a big treat for
both of them but I just wanted to say
how awesome the party was I just loved
it I loved painting and getting crafty
with symphony so we're gonna put a pole
right over here and you guys let us know
whose painting was your favorite karaoke
night and I'm gonna have to do some Hank
with Hank Williams I'm gonna be lonesome
blues you were filming out here support
I mean I'm pretty front row right now
you got this babe
I will go to the river to watch the swim
oh my god to the rips and loans in my
wallet to die
oh you guys the day is over and I'm just
chillin in symphonies room kind of
organizing the gifts that she brought
home from her party today I'm super
excited about the amount of gifts she
got she got a very minimal amount and so
in my opinion the experience of painting
with her friends was probably far more
meaningful and having a bunch of toys to
play with anyways guys thank you so much
for coming along with us it's awesome
that we got to share this really fun day
with you guys as well so you don't we
will see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other I'll be the hand that you can hold
when you can't make it on your
I promise you and not alone
puttin this together
we're hearing the rest are Godzilla just
so happens we carry out karaoke going on
Leah teriyaki karaoke good again may
marry off teriyaki chicken night
