I'm your teacher oh I didn't wanna steal
it that's how hard it went hands or
anybody go I think we stopped lifted
this is what happens when you leave the
tip all of that in this together
good morning Cory right he gets all
serious which is checking people ready
hard I can't get through your teacher is
today
Martin ha ha I'm your teacher
Marvel is that what he got
hey that's guys did you take that off
the card I have a collection of those
man and I cannot get the Mercedes one
can I have that one water fambissig
how are you guys this morning I did not
get to get Tiffany sending Abril off his
class today guys make it our spin it was
pretty cool
Tiffany hasn't proved it let's see it
though turn it the crowd do you tell me
you if you are Lee
you
you saw too many soldiers targeted bring
water if they drink from the stream send
them home if they've cook it if they
pick it up in their hands they can state
give you obey the Lord any and he had
only 300 soldiers scientific just came
to make sure everything's going well
charges of arson would you learn today
Gideon Gideon Gideon I'm about Jacob
Jacob offside we're going to fighting
below or five below what's called
Symphony has still has our twenty
dollars from the tooth fairy
I told them about that you guys would
love this place like a Dollar Tree but
here's the smaller one free rug you're
in a smaller one no I did one nice but
I'm proud of you give me that five right
there give me a five yeah can I get two
K ready to spin - I want a rug Nicole my
heel just totally got Samko I didn't
even feel it that's how hard it went him
watch for them yeah I bet I'm so sorry
you
so Abraham's children a basketball done
okay I got some bobby pins here welcome
to hold them for you my hair driving me
not so I really got the bobby pin okay I
just don't want anybody down
barely
a new chill yeah does that mean Oh your
new chair Oh perfect in my new kill what
a funny guy
hi Lola what's up guys I know you guys
like to come here did we do it I see
you're matching wins for Symphony help
me so you have your own you have your
own it's right there
thank you I think we saw twisted Tiffany
is that you Julia are you a little cease
all right a mechanistic guy bye honey
what a good morning yet do you have such
a good mommy she's so honest
hey guys Lauren Lauren is a high school
friend
she totally within our big circle or I
guess our little circle of friends but
she lives really far away so usually
when we get together she is not there
imagine my house and so we're going to
go the rest of the way together we still
have another like our first stop is
Sadie's new house where Tessa seen again
Indonesia no Kai in you brought a black
coffee like at Sandy's awesome door of
her husband Bill T's anybody recognizes
jammy shirt community maybe share
feelings between our boys also this
shirt oh my goodness I can't even
believe it switching in Cades closet is
like looking in a room bulb closet look
I can't believe that went over into Cubs
new reversion best symphony and cuff
when they were what - sandy said there's
a surprise waiting for us in her car and
I'm trying to snoop and see what I can
see more insect is it a plastic snake
contained you said much more annoying
than that let's see what the surprise is
what what is it I don't even say
anything annoying
it's chocolate do you know that the
price and it's a surprise for her farm
hold on hold on
I said I surprise for one of us maybe
you guys want to bang it back here I
have never seen a car that has it so
that's not the surprise
the safety line for Courtney keys all
yes we're at a firm favorite restaurant
Cracker Barrel we just that was hard to
wait too long and was starving we're
basically just sitting here talking
about our class reunion and I found out
and I'm super excited about it since we
do
good afternoon fat basic how are you
guys today it's been a while everybody
took their nap I did some editing and
some playing of my ex clock me is gone I
was a friend for about the house some
yard times if he's going to go ride her
bike April is going to place a
basketball with his new ball and they're
just going to drink some milk in his
swing stay cool that's just good for at
least 10 minutes just right there
no no you get suited up you know the
basketball
doesn't fit go pull come on there you go
nice but attach the pull to one of the
rope that it works so much better not
like we're back forth on her she loved
it like this
hello hello hello hello hello here today
is a huge day guys everyone came up to
me said daddy when you take my training
wheels off I see you wanna do today he
goes yep I'm a big guy you ready for
this man yeah all right help me take
them off no fear let's do this together
now throw them pick them up and throw
them out of here towards the trash
nice little dude and I'll throw that one
third in the trash they never did nice
let's do this
enjoy
you did it your first ride I have a
block out to any mood you can you be
kidding me you be kidding him guys he's
riding his bike without training with
what in the world bud high-five yeah how
proud of you he told me to let go
well I'm just blown away right now we're
going to injury careful baby boy yeah
really got a cold paper towel paper
towel okay I got a hurt baby a hungry
baby and baby wanting to ride his bike I
know what to do but I'm going to take
care of the girl my health I tell mommy
gets home making me giggle ah I'll be
stew plays so sweet what happens when
you leave the trip I love that the girls
get hurt okay just a whirl bumpity-bump
Oh guys I'm home however guys look at
the movies like I think guys actually I
even cleaned up a little bit I'm glad
because we have GC here tomorrow night
so we got a really clean up because I
want to like kick you want to make
people think that we're like super clean
people in the back you me we are pretty
clean people reporter two people clutter
and clean are two three four holes but
anyway guys we'll get you all don't
forget we're glad you remember in
college okay I'll be the hand that you
get home when you can't make it on your
own I promise you and not
but in this together
we can't play
oh she's trying so hard to see I'm
getting in her way she just pointed at
the balls over here then you do it
