yeah my mind is blown in this together
good morning guys I have a very
important question for all of you today
all of you my children and you guys too
which wall
should we put your guys's kitchen on
where do you want it right over here we
just ate a bug the crap table how about
we do it under that bookshelf Abrams
let's do it let's clear some space
everybody what's gone working all right
I'm dead what's gone we're team what
we're just gonna work
hey everybody can't hear you what's
gonna work
do you guys all remember this beautiful
drawing of what a viewer sent us we've
been looking for the perfect piece of
glass you got a frame and you can't find
a glass again Oh
Daniel can you come to all the kitchen
oh please I'm sick well I guess that's
that damn have some work to finish up
and the kids now want to go outside and
play so I guess it's kind of a win-win
situation because daddy's not quite
ready to build this anyway go figure
so we're gonna go outside for a little
while all right little bike rider let's
see what you got
our neighbors are over hi Cammy hi
Colton what do you guys up to
nothing just chillin waiting for mom -
you're home from work and now they're
leaving just like that so their mom went
to work today and their electricity went
out and also someone happened with one
of their cellphones and they're so young
you know they don't really know what's
going on with cell phone what I thought
working so they tend over to didn't want
to be home alone with power out and it
was a cute and sweet they called their
mom and she came home to rescue them it
made me feel like as a parent a little
more hopeful that even though my kids
are getting older they're still going to
need me you are soaking wet don't you
know we have a swimming pool guys you
don't have to make mud puddles and
playing them oh my gosh Juliet
all the kids have been begging in our
swimming all day so room check all right
I don't see anything on a room floor
just his clothes from today oh not too
bad
let's check underneath the bed a couple
of things and a desk not anything stuff
I let her keep those two things over
there on top of the desk however is very
questionable this time oh and on top of
the horse stable my goodness and the
bottom bunk I got a date the deal was
its floors cleaned and go swimming so
I'm going to give that one to ER so
second I think they're already halfway
out the door got it for me dear waited
for me thank you for waiting for mommy
okay you guys can get in it makes me so
proud in those moments where I tell the
kids exactly what to do and they do it
exactly the way I so enjoy your waiting
patiently for mommies we're getting into
the pool Symphony remember your ear was
hurting the other day so you can't put
your head underwater today the lines up
here to join us with some awesome pool
noodles
whoa oh
thanks for looking
well that was a quick little swim trip
Julie I got bit on her eye on the side
of it and in the front of it I don't
know if you can see all of the bite
there's kind of a lot around her eye so
bad we played a lot of plastic pool game
today we played Marco Polo and colors
brought me back to the old day scene
right now there is no turning back point
this most famous the onion had to go I'm
whipping up something yummy in the
kitchen my fan has ran an errand for a
project you got going on today and you
guys are gonna love it
here's our project guys we're remaking
something very special you want to do
the honors babe oh whoa golly I didn't
mean those honors colors scared me
we're we're making the GoPro swing video
so we did with the kids over three years
ago on this time we had this little
cutie in it are you going to three in
case you guys forgotten we are going to
have a card right here to that video go
check it out
and you guys will have something
reference whenever you watch the new
video but it's just basically a
compilation of a bunch of really cute
adorable awesome angles of the kids
swinging and our beautiful tree swinging
that Sam built for us so I think this is
angle number four of the day for
Symphony or five I don't know this
creative mastermind is all him so we're
going to use the same song Wow
Symphony was three years old in the
first video and now she's about to be
seven she was almost four yeah baby
you're the last little one waiting in
the truck bed for your turn on the swing
you're gonna be very excited hey can't
like think oh I can't believe it's time
for us to have another little swing same
swing Symphony Youth Symphony Abram and
jolzi I honestly never saw the day that
this happened where we will be putting
up yet another baby swing she is just
going to love it want to be out here all
the time now look at this girl oh my
goodness our life three years later
that's a wrap hey so what's your name
I'm going to screaming oh how much
greater can I get a cup of given the
name any chance you do
I'll take lemonade to start Thanks Oh
coffee
Oh handsome oh yeah Hey just going to be
a little man guys all ready now mmm what
can I get you oh you got that corn cob
yeah captain Colonel Cod and on the side
of like some oh yeah thank you
you were to get a good tip you're a
great waitress
I would write some baby poop you
remember - I'm sorry that we don't have
him say you have Cory okay
Emily I'm a tease
now he's department
and
so ma'am Thank You Loulou nathie service
right here is incredible
hi guys see the dentist working his
teeth that little boy right there
you guys know my voice okay good job
open up all the way close close close 20
centers are 106 it goodbye a bomb OMG s
Johnson here working out of my eyes on a
subscriber account for our channel and
we are like this close to hitting 2
million it is so going to happen tonight
we're like mm xiongxin away I totally
bought like much about the half and what
different well Jon Instagram reliable
stamina yes yes collide looks like you
got opposed to B and L could see you you
guys got it we are four hundred away
from two million our live Instagram
friends they are hitting 2 million right
along with us
everyone say hi to yourself on the blog
maybe I do so crazy of the two million
what can we do what do you guys want to
see you do a little popcorn party here
for 2 million we do a bunch of popcorn
we get close guys we get really close
there it is guys two million my mind is
blowing whoa well coming you guys
we're tournament in the bog and the live
footage right now we go look at all
those curls guys this is our first batch
of popcorn partying up in here you just
have around 50 more gasps good to go
here we go let's go take a long time to
boil we're about to hit it five more
here we go guys here comes ready it is a
two million 53 party is over guys but it
continues on the salmon EA channel guys
thank you so much it's crazy we just got
the yearbook for hitting a million
subscribers and here we are the next day
so ready to million crazy so many yeah
so cool guys thank you so much
thanks James to tomorrow because towards
the end of the vlog we are going to be
asking you guys some questions and
really including you guys and on the
surprise to celebrate this so you won't
want to miss tomorrow all the way to the
end conversation celebration starts we
love to hear what your favorite family
and moments are in the comment section
below
use the hashtag Sam and me at hit to mil
I started that night okay
the screen shot any of your favorite
moments from over the years as those we
would love for you to hashtag it with
that so you can go check them out we
will see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you remember to love each other
oh I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not
puttin this together
and we can't pay
two million subscribers to
