hey guys good morning everyone's nap
time just ended my Labor's haven't yet
and I just finished uploading everything
for my auction if you don't follow me on
instagram well you should I do a lot of
stuff over there and right now I'm doing
an auction on Facebook before my friend
Courtney and I just finished it took me
two and a half hours hey did you go to
sleep your eyes look like you did oh my
goodness you're such a sweet pie oh what
a sleepy mister I love you Bobby
look she came over she's holding me okay
guys so I thought I would show you a
little bit of what's in the auction that
we're doing and this is not my way of
asking you all to go over and start
bidding on things I'm just sharing with
you like a vlogger does the day in and
day out for me and today a lot of my
attention and energy and focus has been
on this auction so a little backstory
about six years ago I started doing
these online auctions for Relay for Life
when I was working and basically when I
stopped working it morphed into hosting
online fundraisers for people in need
primarily those with like a fatal or
terminal illness but when the
opportunity arose to host an auction for
my friend Courtney who is going on a
year-long mission trip I couldn't pass
up that opportunity I mean I really want
to help her out I love doing fundraisers
and so yeah here's just a few of the
things there are 52 items as of right
now
there's a few more on the way they're
gonna be posted a little bit late but
that's okay and here there
so yes you guys should head over to
Facebook and like the page bidding for
the benefit to watch the progress on
this auction don't feel the need to bid
on anything but it's just a fun thing to
watch a price is sometimes there's
little bidding wars going on and it can
get really exciting something really bad
this is how you pick up the board and
it's tricky buy to save your back so you
have to bend over you just pop it up
then you walk away and then you throw it
down well where do you want to go
I'll show you
Oh
nice what
that's a bouncy little booty you got
there I'm working on a present for Bebo
for a birthday coming up and it's in my
woodshop and be well if you're watching
you better not listen to this next
couple minutes of footage I'm making
Bebo a shelf duh you know the suspension
shop and I have in the living room the
one that I made my sister for Christmas
you guys carry coal which I actually
made that for you a little table
your cups your daddy's doing you do come
on make yourself a little baby you want
a piece of wood oh this one's for you
come on car boom I made it for you
you can have it kay that's the baby bye
baby
don't eat the car yay I have this
picture of symphony in here guys we used
to go exploring any of you guys recall
and I did this is probably three right
there we got a little silly look I'm
gonna finish that up when I come home
after the mint or treat tonight every
other Monday we switch between girls
going out and GCU girls only no kids and
then guys it is the guy's week so we're
gonna go bowling I'm gonna get the show
up my traffic duty for today but it
turns out I'm not I've got my snack
symphonies closed for gymnastics my keys
and where's my water I got fresh water
over here
hi Sharon how could you till their toes
I looked at the tag cuz I thought
they're cute he thought that says it on
the back hi come on let's go please
Julie's gonna stay with me and I while
we go to gymnastics because an animal is
right down the road from gymnastics and
she asked if she could have Juliet for
this hour so I said
there is Jeff just on the bowling team
only Jeff came prepared
everybody else is just wearing their
cities what's up Mike huh Brian all
right buddy you got it going down all
y'all going down to put the ball mine
Wow
Oh muscle man
Oh
lift their legs how much to point their
toes upward the entire time
lower her feet down to the ground to
take a break baby back to the game Tim
how you feeling about the kick all of
our butts 59 feet that's all Mike
mike is going for the dinosaur guys
that's embarrassing
no you got the wrong way
oh my god oh that's gonna be sweet
there's a real hard Oh
right Isaac's learning how to do a hook
here it looks so good and we already
other side there's our star players
right there Isaac in second oh you got
so sorry
yeah oh you guys did such a great job at
gymnastics Symphony what did you get
circle arm positioning and Abram got
circled crab wall so the deal was
whoever had the best attitude for the
rest of the night gets to pick the rest
hey wait so on the count of three I want
you both to yell out where you want to
go one two two and a half two and three
quarters three guys I would love to go
there but the deal was somewhere that we
can drive through so let's try a second
we agree on Mickey D's like no actually
chicks like a split okay Juliet I
realize when I drove away I found the
diapers in the bag or the sippy cup it
all fell out of my bag you found a
pull-up but she went poop
really oh sure am sorry there's some
yogurt Oh guys I haven't been in
Symphony's playroom at Nana's and
forever and look what I found
it made me want to cry this little tea
pot a style George
really I put it there it wasn't me Tim
just broke a glass
come on unbelievable
all right let's see what these guys got
don't shoot me pretty cool stamina have
reunited and we are going to do comment
of the day and it goes to Clorox bleach
that's the name of their account
I'm getting my top and bottom braces off
Friday so it was nice to see you get
yours off congratulations it's an
exciting feeling is this your first
second and third times how many times
the question of the day what funny thing
have you done more bowling all right
guys we'll catch you tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other alright go ahead man what
would you like to say to the one I don't
want to say anything to that what so
rude
