my heart is beating so fast so just kind
of make some mark Oh sue how you guys
ready can I be the coolest thing ever
and mesh together good morning guys
I'm getting ready to go my eyebrows
micro bladed my heart is beating so fast
I don't know what
this is Julie she was young she's going
to be fixing up my brows today
okay I'm filling out paperwork Julie's
going to explain because my nerves are
off the charts here a lot of people this
is their first time getting a tattoo
before you can start asking you this one
on my fact sheet it gives you all the
information like what happens in the
procedure things that may not make you a
candidate for the procedure like of
you're pregnant or breastfeeding role no
I am breastfeeding you are breastfeeding
I am we can't do it so I can't do it
because I'm her feeding that's my bad I
didn't read the paperwork I got we're
supposed to so we're going to tint and
wax my brow I think she said just as you
know came for better ground eye and
cleaning the area with an alcohol why
they're gonna draw it on is that you're
still gonna yeah so just kind of make
some marks
like on where your art should be where
your brow should in it's just drawing in
an area where I would suggest you at
here
Oh
how crazy I look so different this
reminds me of getting my makeup done for
Matthew and Andrea's wedding I don't
know what do you guys see if you like
Italy good on me I feel like it lightly
little odd at first as we see it more
we're going to get used to it and then
it's going to say to our diagram haven't
here ever comes near where can everyone
find you so I'm on Instagram and
Facebook actual artistry je wel f
artistry all right guys I'm heading home
so family bro when I got my makeup done
for Matthews wedding he was penalized
well as a lot of makeup I'm curious if
he's going to have the same reaction
what do you guys think let's put a pole
right here how is day I'm going to react
to these browsing guys going back home I
haven't put makeup on and let's see what
Sam no to me a neighbor same on my face
hi booboo
is it your mom's eyes drama king chopped
garlic different liquor it's a huge
difference is that what you do when you
be your mama you're so cute yeah while
she's having brunch she didn't come to
me
no seriously you can always tell that
Julie s been with Daddy you win look at
this white one think this is a brand new
onesie that says daddy is my hero so did
you guys choose in the poll correctly
the Sam have the reaction that you
thought you would have
that's so cute organizer - do you like
them and I hate them little okay
they're really nice they're not
especially because I want to make up on
me what's up man - the bee to the agent
as I see what a fan base are you guys
this morning to the bee to the G to the
eat that oh I'm with your boy and Rader
we're going shopping for something today
we're going to a bunch of different
stores finding a specific product for
tomorrow's video I'm not going to give
it away but I'm going to take you along
for the shopping maybe we'll give these
clues what do you think it rhymes with
peanut no I don't think it does is it
really what's up man have you guys have
so now go to the pool store and you see
me you like them there i sat in for
justly I can't say it now we're in the
tea to the aid to the are to the GCT
we're looking for Captain America toys
we're going to buy all four these blind
bags by happening I think I do another
one you pick up for me now Chris you
sure I think I have that one but I want
to buy these blind bags those there's
more the likelihood of us getting kept
America in there we'll see - - a bunch
more of them I'm gonna get Captain
America maybe this will do it you guys
think those Captain America in here
every such a bummer after was it felt
what we're looking for
you guys this was this it's right here
sitting right here on this shelf it's
going to be a small video and drew for
you go man let's see you
Gared me
there is a separate all right let's see
the Captain America are the blind eye
here we go the Red Hulk Punisher
Futterman reality Iron Man Thor both war
machine Oh spider-man for your fault
Hobgoblin cool Betty means another world
another Hobgoblin literature Ivan order
to that black spider-man you can hold
not anybody be another Iron Man one
moreover my Avram open it we did not get
Captain America over the rules I know
what we're doing here Edgar we are with
you for customer here's your next clue
guys the aisles that I'm passing right
now and the fact that Academy Sports out
those not carry over looking for what do
you think of my eyebrows it's cool like
that is this little point here isn't it
anyone else on my National Arts guys in
light of today's theme which would be
like fashion and beauty I'm going to do
a fun little summer fashion show with
the kids
yeah okay guys I'm gonna fall ya'll of
our name come over here and you take it
and then you go put it on and come back
and do a fashion show for fan base
Symphony Raider would you please step
out a from Daniel Raider would you
please step up
prison-themed the seven-year-old in the
house Stephanie Reiter do a turn for us
she's 48 spaghetti strap a little tunic
with some blue jean shorts underneath
looking great and now for your viewing
only the three year old almost four year
old of the house hey Brom right
hey buddy what like it's so handsome
presenting the 13 month-old operator
house
Juliet Raider hi
oh and she's done so very last one of
the evening both sisters at one summer
Jimmy Quinn
me
reviving below here we go open the poet
and I didn't know I was seeing the
intercourse front foot there's so many
of the thing that we're looking for and
different for there's like so many of
but the kind of we're looking for it is
not here calmness umbrella haven't
growers cows we felt some more surprise
eggs because you can't feel for no or
that's kind of cool he has a little
seeing you can see in there what do you
see Andrew no little hard are you
kidding me a flashlight one there's
another wall no can't see the ball so
we're shopping for this surprises
tomorrow and we're also shopping for
Captain America for my collection is it
virtual it's very cool
that is awesome we're at five in below I
had no idea we'd be able trying
something live like that so the cashier
said about the item that we're looking
for
quitting's a is lot season so the last
thing we're having a hard time fun we
did find some I have a hard time finding
let's open these up see if we got a cap
and I'm going to open these guru eggs
turn my Captain America got him you got
yeah yeah man what very good let's all
say that was really cool thing is rich
people is in the battle pose I love this
one so famous taking back those bowls
you just got these guys because both the
first milepost kept America color worn
it
they actually have them here still have
very many those better than none threes
enough for now oh not again another
blonde bag Marvel blonde man kept
spinning there's only three different
ones they click three puzzle racers wait
what puzzle rings OH my mouth I'm two
for two an open e protecting America
here we go yeah she's very racers I did
not get them now look at I read it oh
wow he doesn't want the pieces I hope to
god cabin captain all right I got a
Captain America afternoon
leave all the pieces in comes in various
captain america eraser puzzle suite and
here are the five Captain America
figures we got from basically all blind
bags added to the collection tomorrow
how was your day great we are finally
coming together and we are going to
announce how we are going to sell about
two million subscribers hello are you
guys ready it's gonna be the coolest
thing ever
hey on the count of three one two no
I'll just good okay guys so initially we
had a plan to do something when we hit
two million subscribers but it happened
so fast so we got to kind of alter the
plan to let you guys in on what's going
to be happening here so for two million
subscribers we are going to create
another MLG cool well you guys have
asked about but we're going to a little
bit differently this year we'll let you
decide which emoji we're gonna do a
contest actually so we're going to have
you guys submit to Samaniego calm your
version of emoji the salmony emoji
that's what we want the salmon emoji and
we're going to announce the winner by
painting on the pool in the video and
that's the only time you'll know who the
winner is and we really want you guys to
get creative like come up with your own
emoji that you think represents our
YouTube channel draw it up paint it up
whatever you have to do if you have a
graphic person in your life we really
want to see what you guys come up with
so contest send us at salmon Iago calm
your Kemeny emojis and you could have
your emojis painted on the bottom of our
22-foot so people what that makes that
guys we'll see you tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember so much of it
and that you can't hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone puttin this together
we say
and
