okay but and that's together what up
baby to the edges si si Andrew and I are
off to Oklahoma right injured as you can
see I'm taking my truck out in a long
time good morning we're having girls
morning at Starbucks throughout our
lunch we have six Express with rolls
quickens trim time kid hey we can't
afford Monday morning come on in
nineteen he symphony is about to try her
very first ever cinnamon Dolce
Frappuccino so what we're really here to
do is plant symphonies birthday party
we're going to have like a mini birthday
party here in Texas because we are going
to be in San Diego on some days actual
seventh birthday
okay Symphony everyone's ready to know
what kind of party are you going to have
painting a painting party let's look at
our options for painting with a twist
okay thanks to a swap our little palm
trees honey
those are the three choices for
seven-year-old we are 20 miles from the
cabin guys and I just bought a sofa and
a loveseat without me is help that could
be good or it could be bad we'll see
what happens I hope she likes it and
next is probably to get Internet up
there Andrews still passed out over
there
see Joey where your water mill is you go
in all right do you guys not water Bella
here there's my water no we're gonna get
your display models you're not Galilee
really time for traditional Tiffany and
wah Mean Girls afternoon and what does
that mean yeah
we're heading to come together a swine
wow that's super a lot again I wanna
Graner what are we missing here
hopefully more blue you think we need
more click ok that bottle right there is
more glue in it we made it guys made to
the Calvin this is nature's first time
being here isn't but it's pretty much
like thanks make sure you got it all
cleaned up out here since last time
there was like so much trash out here
Kandra is out of work right now because
it hurts back in the swimming pool but
he's going to help me get the couches in
the house right Andrea all right go play
but have fun watch out for the tip
have it ready
so guys that's oh wow
doesn't go you like the longest slime
stretch ever have we think I just hope
it finally broke off
well Stephanie knows coordinator amalgam
row here I just back in alright symphony
are you ready to get the jewels and put
on all right yeah come on you oh my
goodness you're so silly
well the job is on this line like we
product you guys right there and I
listen what okay guys are you ready to
do the oddly satisfying gushing and
mushing of this let's do it Symphony
thank you for Dallas bag okay what I
drew are about to have our watermelon
contest or go see who can eat the most
watermelon in two minutes
laughing is mine too
thanks Jeffrey results guys I ate these
two and Android three small ones who's
the winner
stopping was huge I was doesn't - yeah
it's all that knowing there don't let
down there okay don't hurt so bad so in
a couple days we'll have electricity
here we have couches now I think the
next step is to bring maybe one big bed
and then after that start making weekend
trips out here and working on the
weekends and get internet happy to
internet so you got both logs okay guys
let's do our second one oh yeah under
your hand channeling glittery yes we
started with Julian and my do man got
snowed on whoa totally cleaning up this
No
all right guys believe it or not we've
got one more trick up our sleeves don't
we Symphony let's go ahead and get it
out mmm ticket our wacky monster gone
I'll do that
oh no he's on a fire too
then now we can bring out our tech
tonight we begin our match we made a
math test
you call your house no Rama comparable
all these open fire on somebody man
conserve your weak stomachs I won't show
any close-ups poor little guy yeah looks
like you just got hit looks like it's
about to burst some things you see in
Texas I've actually never seen a dead
cow inside a rows of u-dub bad day okay
yeah I'm ready when y'all boys something
to do intercourse but you have to me
right over it that's sad
wouldn't you be careful too driving or
you know like over court
Andrew wake up hater
yeah you mind driving on back yeah I'm
really getting sleepy and turn those off
little bit Oh wake up per second all
right thanks how do you wake it is yeah
I think I'll be good all right
hey guys we'll be right there honey I
can't make it home and just go and drive
from here you ready to go man you good
I'm good
go ahead hey hey guys back there no no I
just had to let him drive I couldn't
make it home way to trade off I can make
you mad bro so what they were
I'm so tired off come on I'll get you
over one last cool thing with her slime
before we get in our bubble bath for the
day let them dry it out and we can
pretend we cook donuts in our kitchen
sure and you build the kitchen build it
right oh the vacationer time up take it
in Wow oh you come together to make a
whole dot okay you couldn't together to
make a whole no no we're going to go in
the vlog with the winner of the swimming
pool all right honey Jermel
there's a lot of people calling all that
video there's like how many comments
like 23,000 and stuff like that crazy
night the winner is
one two three but you want a swimming
pool black ultimately selected
congratulations hope you guys enjoy the
pool chart contact us on Facebook
Instagram both for its the grams or
Twitter account I'll see you tomorrow
guys don't forget we love you and
remember actually love each other
yeah what are you doing get out of here
