I did not wake up in the ideal mood
we're planning the coolest the prize
ever even know what these are we are
turning this giant swimming pool and to
top it off a little puttin this together
what up sizes up here to the si si are
trying to make it home before my battery
dies I'm a booster board this morning I
did not wake up in the ideal moods you
guys ever wake up feeling rejected not
even sure why just automatically
rejected and I've been thinking a lot
about it was at the gym today and I've
realized that the biggest thing that
causes this is the lack of knowledge
I remember that the Bible says knowledge
rescues us and the thing that I think is
the biggest ignorant for me that is
associated with this rejection that I
feel sometimes is the ignorance of the
fact that Christ came to earth and was
rejected for us so we didn't have to
feel that rejection the longer I go with
that reading my Bible the sooner I feel
this way I'm going to go home read my
Bible and be reminded that I am Who I
belong to preaching a lot I know anyway
guys hoping through the blog today I'm
gonna turn make it home on his dead
battery thank you
good morning guys not really big hair
it's more like workout here we are
having a great morning here at the
Raider house julia is cracking us up so
we're doing worship music and she keeps
grabbing symphonies big old pink helmet
and putting on her tiny little head it's
the cutest thing ever I going to show
you guys there she goes you're hilarious
where's Juliet another really cute thing
she's been doing since yesterday is it
to get to select a toothbrush and then
when we turn it on for her watch her
react and now she's doing both at the
same time
it's now story time I'm going to pick a
story from Abraham's room what are your
guys routines for your kids at that time
do you guys read stories seems song do
you eat lunch before or after nap times
we have a total movie that starts at 10
a.m. if I'm being honest it starts at
like 9:30 a.m. we go for a mile walk
come home and relax you drink some water
play for a little bit school work lunch
were shatori times and an interpreter
time - super super Cubs that we've been
able to stick to it for the most part
all summer so far the PJ masks and find
it tonight are you going to fall asleep
today you have to try your hardest
because we have DC tonight okay this
weather today is unbelief turf is hot
and rained yesterday so we covered it up
we're planning the coolest surprise ever
for a room for after his nap today but
first I've got to run to the post office
Sam's phone bro so his brother David who
owns mobile mania in Florida then Tim
one overnighted one to him from his shop
and we are mailing Sam's old broken
phones back to his brother so that he
can fix it but when we come back and
Abram wakes up from his nap you are not
going to miss we have plans it's going
to be so so exciting I just can't tell
you guys yet you could have to wait - my
favorite this
okay I'm back home now and it's time for
us to get started on a little surprise
for Abram after naptime I was like Sam
let's go do it together he was like oh
and you know he's kind enough and I she
was already nothing and then I walk
outside I was injured all by myself he
was like don't take the cover off
without me do you guys want a hint as to
what we're doing give you a fast one one
more try see if you guys can guess it
all right that didn't work how about
this do I know what these are are they
maracas are they drinking caps what are
they I don't know you'll have to see
wait and find out what you're going to
like it you're going to love it hey guys
I'm here yeah he's here now got him out
anyway those clothes didn't give it away
and you still don't know what we're
doing yet maybe this will help you out a
little we are turning this giant
swimming pool and - hey Hot Wheels trap
we got some flash rider Hot Wheels track
tape but we are going to try it out with
the see how it goes how do we take the
tarp off babe do you really need my help
you're pulling it to hearts and they
turn it and it works everybody
Stephanie's line here Jerell long it
took me to put this cover on the
elements of the windows struggling a
shame come help me and it's probably
harder to get it off there was bubbles
for water here get it off without
getting all the flowers back in the full
horror mask what
paper on the edge of the pool all these
idea by the way not a quick dip in you
oh you heard that
so my idea actually you just went in the
house and I just want to say let's try
to be encouraging okay I know this is
horrible idea I'm trying to put tape
around a pool especially around one like
this don't spit on the top and you got
to go around the corners it's just kick
that to hell
yeah I think we should take the tape and
put it on the inside right here Skylar
went up to bend it'll just go all the
way around just got to keep it drum and
put it on and you'll actually be able to
drive the cars on it it's on the inside
to do that yeah it'd be cool let's just
get try it the problem is over there the
water gets high and as we splash keep it
on the gray where you think yeah all
right so I Sam continues with his
endeavor I'm going to do what I
originally saw and just skip over the
little bolt I say take it off all of it
yeah take a bunch of random road
stickers no it doesn't that looks so
cool okay sorry honey I'm sorry then it
has to be done somebody's got to do it
I'm kidding we decided to take this off
it just not working on top this is just
turning to a big fail I feel like me and
I go to great lengths to impress our
kids pump here's how far have you gone
to impress your kids like what have you
done that's crazy that you generally
want to do if you didn't have kids you
know kids make us do crazy things that's
what's awesome about them let us know
down below let's let all the kids who
watch our channel know what as parents
do that they don't really notice let's
stick together those parents let's do
this
so cool that they float Abram is going
to love it
I got him a little water track came with
a little boat it's over there though all
right it's all ready to be driven on and
played with the cars are out and not
some is over let's go get Abram for his
big surprise
hey you buddy guess what does this big
surprise for you waiting in the swimming
pool I can interpret your Flash shorts
on
we made you enjoy hop around the whole
edge of the swimming pool we're probably
there in there I got you ones that swim
see they're floating in the water
look over here Wow it's a shark Hot
Wheels try to try to put it in the water
let go of it what I won't even think it
swims drive on the track hi it's gonna
take up here hey we're gonna learn more
don't find another hot resin on the pole
I'm gonna watch us run around
can I get in with your buddy anymore I
could move with your help you
you love this truck yeah you made it
will mean daddy made it together you're
welcome buddy
Oh me has a big
yeah hi mom where's my little darling
sure is oh man you sure did
he'll feel good what's wrong Eric Eric
here
Oh earache place yet air she definitely
said air the first time people funny me
yeah you want to get snacks and no watch
it bub uncle Asia has join us for GC
tonight hey buddy hold on for chilly
bright yeah go ahead yeah I'm going to
town with them little watch celebrity
impersonations no big deal yeah the
other day I walked into both house we
need a play together bed yeah Brian's
house hi Brian needs help putting up a
little stair safety gate and soda
feeding but he's too manly to read
answering them now doing manual we read
is the Bible right bro right that's
right all day every day
things I like to do sometimes I come
home I like to look in the mirror and
put this in Burma face and pretend I'm
chopping off my nose oh it's actually
really scary to do NGH are here I almost
feel like I really don't really do it no
oh wait I'm bleeding all right see guys
it's time for comment of the day and it
goes to Mali Oh corner seeing Molly
O'Connor made me want to see connects
and that other one I'll jump it now your
song at the end makes me feel so hopeful
it reminds me every day that every day
can be hopeful and happy I love that
common it kind of goes along with what
we talked about tonight at GC and we
were just talking about where real joy
comes from so where are some places that
you guys find joy is it your school is
it Church is that your family is that
your boyfriend is that your wife is that
your kids it could be anything and
everything but we talked tonight about
biblical joy and how it's very simple
and technically easy yet hard because we
live in a fallen world to get real pure
joy that the Lord wants us to have so
anyways I just thought that was really
cool
but we will see you guys tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other I'll be the hand that you can
hold when you can't make it on your own
I promise you and not alone
but in this together
we can
okay here you read TJ now I'll tell you
want to take the camera
I know it has never yeah
