once you go black chair you don't go
back part me feels like it's too much
for me my kids okay you guys ready to
see what I have to do the double pool
yes see the photo cloud in this together
Sun is so bright right now Lauren and
fans of the B to the edge of the si si
how you guys doing this morning we're
doing okay at the writer house I'm
finishing off my bike shet Here I am
going to stain this a purplish color or
the black cherry that is the color of
our shutters and I'm kind of nervous
about it because once you go black chair
you don't go back so there you go
you know you're genuinely enjoy doing
something when it inspires other aspects
of your life while I'm doing this
finishing up the store and put the slide
on my head that unlike these doors here
unlike this bike shed that I'm about to
be finished with we as people are
completely unfinished we will never be
finished God as always working in us and
there will never be a time where we can
just say to ourselves this is just who I
am I just got to deal with it or get
depressed and down on yourself like this
is who I am this is how God made me it's
the cross that I have to bear stuff like
that we aren't finished like this door
here that I'm completely finished with
after I take the tape off we are
finished guys so so I hope that some of
you guys will find hoping that that you
are unfinished we have a perfect example
to look up to and we'll never live up to
him but we can always strive to get
there and we'll know we'll never be
there therefore we're unfinished
are you ready for our exercise you have
the easiest job of the wall don't you go
ahead and feed on that little toothbrush
bitty baby go ahead it's hot outside oh
my goodness lately I have been doing my
exercising in the morning and in the
evening cardio in the morning and toning
and evening how do you guys work out do
you do cardio do you work out in a gym
do you run outside run on a treadmill
I'm genuinely curious how you busy
momma's workout and daddy okay now to
turn on your bike you're looking fast
for mommy
so can you stop real quick I need to
show you something we always turn around
at that dip sign okay that way you don't
get too far from me because if you turn
around at the dip sign and you come
towards me we'll stay together and we
can see each other okay I know I know
this Texas weather is just ridiculously
hot part of me feels like is it too much
having my kids go a mile with me I don't
think it is not for symphony especially
but Abraham's sure is not feeling it
today we're home
Oh hot out here look at this girl she
just got here and didn't offer anything
and even she is sweating up a storm
okay you guys ready to see what happened
to the double pool or the pool within a
pool or the pregnant pool begin this is
mama pole this is a big Mama's in the
Mama's in the baby pool your are you
guys going to be surprised what happened
to the baby pool though it's pretty
crazy look at it as you can see one end
is in the water and the other end is not
under the water and what happened here
I'll have to take you guys under with a
go for so you can see it is the inside
pole broke and then when it broke the
water spilled into the big pool so if we
had not put up this big pool the water
from the little pool went everywhere and
we would have been without pool so like
five of these steel braces around here
they all bent in half and just spill
down like that can you guys see can you
see that bent one down there everyone
was going into the big pool now you're
in the big pool a broom as you can see
we have our baby monkey in the cage how
little monkey monkey wants out of a cage
come here monkey all right guys I'm
going to show you where that speaker
this is just come with me I could show
you it's right over here John I can show
you you guys see the back bars you do it
to come all the way over here you got
counseling I counted four bars where do
you guys have picky picky oh geez all
right guys I'm going on to the pool here
we go guys I'm gonna go all the way to
the other side okay if I don't come back
and try to save me I don't see how ever
get stuck over
Oh
Avram your little girlfriends turning
four but you guys like each other a lot
they said Paisley Paisley birthday Tim's
daughter's daughter yeah like a
granddaughter but the cover is a
Oh sillies burp it - we got boards on
the side girl on the side Simmons on the
right time
you guys look at this what might be
irritated and passed and we're still not
built the kitchen I got for the kids for
Christmas what all my children are
playing with the kitchen
Juliet one I'm seriously watchin social
guys wish that daddy would build your
kitchen you can do it keep eating okay
wish daddy would you go
looks like this you're blowing in bow
it's all ruined
sorry about your game yes sir like score
tonight for the photo clock you see the
photo crowd well we were thinking Oh
scared buddy everybody get to the
shelter get to the shelter it is blowing
away Jim no
hold on Tom hold on give me your hand
Oh hold my finger to the pole at the
shelter the other boy you're gonna get
wet raining
god you're going to blow away today come
on
maybe all the weather alive next to the
shelter everybody safe now hopefully
this is a ticket save here but maybe
this is Trent's brother left Oh Juliet
have a theme now
you can't get one Indian live like that
star Raiders thanks for coming
all right let's get back in the house
guys he's gonna be okay buddy
same went into Home Depot was simply
need to get some wood really quickly he
said Abram is over here having a pretty
big Hill down he said you have to poop
normally when you have to prove we can
hold it for a while but he's crying he
can hold it for a couple minutes till
daddy comes back out
hmm to take Juliette in with him in the
rain I think he's going me poor thing
right we have an emergency we got to get
going
whoa where we ran into on the way in
Stephanie's going to take Julia back to
the car with Daddy though goes daddy
those doesn't move run to the bathroom
crisis averted we have made it home guys
and I hope you're ready for coming all
the dogs nice echo babe I love it when
you guys pick out your favorite parts of
the vlog this came from Debbie Dee watch
law a couple times and then we forget
what's the best part for this reminded
me I am an evil mama shooting glasses
pew pew pew lol my goodness she's way
too cute that Symphony that was such an
adorable part now Annie and I watched it
a few times and we're just laughing
hysterically at it all right guys we're
home mommy's putting away the dishes
with my favorite little helper here well
I guess I shouldn't take my favorite
with my littlest little helpers ah
you're like a monkey under there what
are you doing in the dishwasher Hey say
bye bye say I love you
we'll see you guys tomorrow
normally we wouldn't be seeing you
tomorrow because normally we would be
taking tomorrow off so we're not going
to do that so we're going to see you
guys tomorrow we're actually going to
see you guys tomorrow don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
I'll be the hand that you can hold when
you can't make it on your own I promise
you and not alone
but in this together
and we can't say
thanks for reminding us of that awesome
ah clap
