this man over here all the way from
Israel here in our mouth in Texas wait
my day let me end this together
good morning guys we are getting ready
to go have brunch with our friends so
Michelle and I am on the hunt for some
ingredients can anyone tell what we're
having my visit very goes on today check
out what did you keep in Lourdes under
cousin I did write juicy julia julia is
pulling up mine
girls are getting the cooking in here
actually bow made it back it looks
delicious nice and crispy
good morning show hi I just got back
from Hawaii two weeks in Hawai Bo
that's incredible great did you see my
brother there any can get it I did I
said cool on the beach lovely we mainly
did Juliet was blood on the stairs yeah
hey wait Lloyd she's trying to get there
with a ball now she's holding that ball
but she's tucking it get over here what
we cook you you did it good job I
knocked it on buddy Veronica's naksan
boat and saw spider-man spider-man last
night to bow is going to take advantage
of my woodworking skills exactly and
have them build us bed wow that is nice
bed a tree house in the auction yeah I'm
cool okay a lot of you go and with TPP
which takes two hours
really and everybody spent like three or
four manually
Oh
okay
protein powder news
you have to be watermelon mommies least
favorite fruit I like watermelon a
watermelon a little bit yeah do the big
dishes thank you coming in let's see
this head really yeah Wow look at the
screen because it's just so anxious or
not to get in here that's a cute pet I
love it
no see that's a good idea very sweet
little ass off over there have it in
here oh my goodness okay they're gonna
bleed wait Oh
you guys Wow did it nice for a second I
was like and then you just pull it it
fell across the room and I cared how is
this dinner you think the Tooth Fairy is
going to come see you what do you think
she's going to bring you money how much
money we're back home now guys and the
air conditioner is not working not
exactly sure the problem Sam would have
to explain that one to you but we're
opening some packages that you guys sent
us and we got one from someone named ID
or Adi from Israel all the way from
Israel here in our mouth in Texas tell
me some things that are in here guys we
got an Israel flag headband trainer
different snacks all kinds of different
snacks whoa what are these things looks
so cool we also got a cool paddle ball
set or the water this will come in handy
in the pool later on whoa that is so
cool do you know what's on your head
it's a blinking red lag of Isreal oh no
let me show you what you do peace of our
family you guys the artist of this
drawing tagged us in it on Instagram and
I loved it I'm so thankful to have a
copy of it go follow her at the happy
Sun dark you guys gotta go check out her
work I love it the air-condition are not
working at the moment it's also about
the rain we've got this question online
what should we do we got ready to go
swimming but it's about to rain so I
think Symphony and I are going to try
our hand at making some homemade ice
cream let's go ahead and put six ice
cubes in our burners
you
and our blackberries we went ahead and
put a whole banana in there because I
think it's going to make the texture a
little different didn't freeze my first
that's one thing you're supposed to make
homemade ice cream but I did put a lot
of ice in there Adam we'll see I might
need more of a smoothie that I like too
much smoothies - I like
okay guys so unfortunately I think it
just made a smoothie consistency but we
have an empty ice cube tray could we
just use and we have a bottle full of
toothpicks so I think we're going to
make some little mini pops what do you
think about that
Andy Symphony just can't wait well there
you go miss the good
all right so we're going to put it in
the freezer for probably about 20
minutes and then we'll put our
toothpicks in cleaning up from this
movie of getting ready to start dinner
here in a little bit and look at what I
saw here you will see my nice little
organized area of vitamins spark our
popcorn just things we use often that I
don't want strong around and here you
see Sam's little energy drinks that he
drinks when he goes to the gym this
morning at about 7:00 a.m. I took this
one little guy down I think everything
I've kind of scattered around on the bar
up here put it in its place including
but not limited to this cm comes in the
kitchen from wherever he's doing which
involve a nice little drink
blue lemonade sounds pretty refreshing
as the ones who primarily cleans and
organizes our home on a daily basis you
could say that are annoyed me and I
might want to be like honey please just
Patricia lalala but why be tip of the
day that's where I'm going here guys if
you see a need that needs to be done and
you want it to be met don't wait on the
other person to do it get it done
yourself speak care of it it's are you
guys I'm sure tomorrow I'll leave it out
again but I just wanted to share that
with you guys and so instead of
complaining about the energy drink right
next to the energy drink holder her be
thankful for the husband instead just be
thankful for your husband who works hard
and dirty with his clothes who worked
hard and needs a little energy boost in
the middle of the day instead of
choosing to be grumpy about the little
messes that they make this little baby
took a late next week
only the red face is hot in here huh
come here oh yeah oh you're already oh
you guys I'm so sweaty
well she's in her swim diaper because we
were going to go swimming but then she
started fussing really really badly
here comes up package I think daddy's
been waiting on this package to do this
lesson but we're going to maybe remember
you're waiting on your Father's Day
present another day I told you had
another one coming on now huh got me the
goggles
how are your school they're picking my
day Larry thing he got the drone goggles
these are going to be done by you can
fly your drum with while you're looking
inside so hot beam and what other way to
endured a man with our
all right you guys comment of the day
goes to admin support When in Rome means
done when you're visiting a foreign land
follow the customs of those who live in
it it can also mean that when you are in
an unfamiliar situation you should
follow the lead of those who know the
ropes I guess I would say to happy
medium just kidding you guys all win Sam
you're right I was wrong I admit it and
we will see you guys tomorrow we have a
really fun little pool party we're going
to tomorrow for a cute little
four-year-old it's going to be the best
we'll see you guys there don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
I'll be the hand that you get home when
you can't make it on your own I promise
you and not alone puttin this together
young
if we should play
