today I am setting out to do the most
ridiculous summer activity you have
everything
ah do I do it on my phone I have an iPad
I don't have anything preparing this
together
you guys look at this gorgeous dress my
mom dropped off for Symphony she won't
even take it off I'm going to have her
take it off before we go back outside
Symphony what do you think of it that's
it there's something going on with our
air conditioner and occasionally it
doesn't work all I know is it's not
working at this moment and it is super
hot I shouldn't complain there are
people around the world that has no air
conditioners but this definitely makes
me realize I'd hate for green is Julie
yet it's so moody about the heat so
she's enjoying her frozen blackberry hmm
you're gonna have a colorful mouth ah oh
oh my god we are headed to Sandy's new
house guys I've got my drink with me
doesn't live refreshing probably tastes
gross a lot of you been asking what kind
of cleanse Aman Aman and advocare
cleanse help me get skin today great the
state is always open when we come all
the days that I let Sam borrow my phone
for the gym internal honk at her sandy
Mandy do I do it on my phone I have an
iPad on with anything okay good maybe I
can climb over this thing go after I'm
in a dress though I wonder if I can let
one of my kids over under my head cutie
remember stink snake like Tiffany the
snake you're a snake and you can slither
underneath this fence be a snake
something you can do it
Murphy can really fit okay go for it I'm
going to let you climb this
she knows what she's doing somebody's
got this got a plan
look at you bright girl good job you're
doing it good you're gonna give me high
five
okay go figure out the club
here we go everything's okay oh my god
I'm gonna cry
look at it really you're not going to
keep this Tolleson now fresh in new baby
you love their house this is such a
bedroom look it looks so good I don't
know what to say I love it in here you
guys we're just in here talking and look
what happened
oh my god hey hey hey bro what were you
doing oh my gosh
this is so dirty
sandy said that sewer water super mud
your guys are rolls around in poop
yeah oh my gosh look at this blow me I
don't want to kill my stain why don't
you want to clean it
I don't see why didn't you guys ask me
for permission and not step in it thank
goodness for Sandy she has a total boy
mom she's like okay with it let's get
into the shower and I was like oh my god
don't touch anything
yeah it's been raining a lot around here
and I haven't had a chance to give this
away come on Sam really so I think what
we're going to do is because my brothers
are pressuring me to do it okay so my
brother's fault put this in the middle
of the bigger pool so I'm going to put a
pole it's out of a pool you really want
to do that I mean like what's the point
I feel so stupid
you know that's intrusive that that
really is pretty stupid but curiosity
killed the cat you know
Oh Mary who's the liner for the outside
pulled the one that was written looks
like the right size to me
fortunately I'm going to have to
disassemble the old rails because the
liner slides right on through the rails
two minutes later I got all disassembled
I'm going to put the small pole on the
big pole I bet you know what I'm
thinking total waste Oh
all right so this is going to work but
is it worth it I feel like it might be
fun though to like swim on the outside
of a pole but this one's not as deep as
the outside one I don't know we'll
figure out when we get there all right
before I continue this I have to go ask
me what the heck I'm doing looking at
him like what to do what I don't I'm
going to understand what they actually
do plenty of guys your question what
what in the world am i doing out there
better pull on a pole I mean where the
pole family and we do we do weird things
with above ground swimming pool but that
still doesn't answer the question why
I'm doing it well you didn't say why you
said what am i doing so if I were to
answer why you're doing I would say it's
because I don't say that
I would just say you have just run your
time on your hands
to make a cool swimming pool video in
our backyard with a pool in a pool a
pool a pool is so so cool I'll do it I
don't know I don't know what you guys
want to swim in a pool in a pool you
need to go from one layer to the neck
climb the ladder and you get over into
the other one and you can go underwater
Oh what I don't know all right I'm going
to do it but only because I'm curious
and I don't think it's ever been done
before I'm just curious how it would
work if I were to do this so I'm going
to do it yeah do you even know what I'm
doing here you're putting a pool inside
a pool obviously right Wow
I don't know babe
pretty radical on my right or am i right
you're right I just don't know if I want
to be in this little area or that area
which one I know if you want on getting
in spice oh that I do not know Sarge s
are just going to have to wait until
daddy gets a lot of put up and go
swimming in it and there you have it
guys a swimming pool within a swimming
pool the most ridiculous thing you see
all summer and okay you saw right here
on salmon am so proud of the
ridiculousness of this pool how about
you guys so we've decided we're going to
give away a swimming pool to the fan
base Nick write and comment will be
inserted drawing to win the spoils we
all know that you want the swimming pool
because not everybody is going to want a
pool we're going to have it moral to you
wherever we pick hopefully it won't
somebody with a family somebody with a
yard somebody who's willing to take care
of a swimming pool so do that down below
guys and we are going to mellow you or
the winner a swimming pool now that's
when you pull up in a pool just for just
one pick
here
Oh
cool guys let's go see spider-man I'm
taking the kids go see spider-man with
me because Nia I have a meeting at the
church and I want to see spider-man that
this is Abram and symphonies first time
to see a pg-13 movie I heard it was ok
just pg-13 for a little bit of you know
my daddy just let me know if you need
captain - and thank you
oh great we have two minutes before the
movie starts guys let's go let's go oh
this is a big moment for you guys first
pg-13 version what do you want but those
boots next good choice man school -
beginning come on here let's do it
someone full ok now so there we go
that's nice every good second try like a
third ok that's missing up the purse
behind
can't forget the chapstick honey all
right let's go to splatter man
all right simply tell us what you
thought and land again
where's love oh honey we really love
this you did come on come on is that
Korean loved it but I really was really
nice kick she actually started the whole
thing without making a peep this guy on
your hand like a go No hey I think it to
use any chapstick got that you had some
of those old ass are you kissing me talk
to them love oh love you too soon oh no
over there ever left my new purple light
he's trying to figure out where they
took a lifer come around so funny
you like those bud I got new light it's
a reflection yeah yeah it's like a
mirror but in the car if you forget in
the car I want to admit that that was a
parent fail Symphony said stuff repeated
something during the movie as she has
never said before a word that she has
number her and I feel really kind of
regretful for taking them big parent
Farrell big learning let's bring but
we'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you remember love each other
I'll beat hand at you get home when you
can't make it on your own I promise you
and not
but in this together
we should say
you know what I
