oh my goodness company rip their
brand-new skirt don't hit my truck what
is this go ahead Matt over I can't take
it oh gosh
we're in this together good morning guys
you're having a family lunch playdate at
chick-fil-a just because we want to she
is filling her outfit today yes totally
feeling hi baby
good morning good morning come on out
especially taking Nuggets and play into
play play oh my goodness let me rip
their brand-new skirt what did you do
I'm sitting on this awesome okay and
then we're all getting it down at RIT
know me your fuzzier thank you can you
get Abram insomnia for today guys and I
Spy is awesome what else did you get
blue fries for me I get a salad how
exciting
whose chicken is that juliet's chicken
we're gonna go ahead buddy pray for us
I'll pray dear God please bless this for
our bodies in some communities I'm
thinking the same thing shooter boat
everybody or that's like holding your
honor
yeah oh you dropped it yeah I never
heard the word Auto so fuck you before
well I haven't Vanina I swear
maybe mrs. it kind of cute but not that
cute playtime for the boy she loves it
in here watches take over
yeah
Oh would your guard down
do you like the beam did you trim today
it's air in term we're at Walmart we are
having friends over for dinner tonight
you guys know the Aldridge's and they
offered to bring pizza but tiny better
and so I think they're going to do
possible
hang on buddy put this in the bike you
got me dude
I know we really are trying to eat
better but I feel like I'd just like to
pick out things that he really likes but
wouldn't buy for himself because it's
unhealthy so I'm going to give him some
cookie butter sorry baby I'll find you a
snack you guys that have been working
long enough you know I am that mom that
opens things up in the store while we
walk around but for those of you judging
or thinking that it's ridiculous that I
do that and you go to the grocery store
with three little kids who are skipping
there now maybe you're a super mom or
super nanny and you do that and it works
out well for you but I am choosing my
battles today and I don't think this is
a battle that I think I'm winning
because why not supposed to drink the
juice cause drive around and pick up
food
finally made it home and it's time for
me to bake the shell get the chicken
grilled I'm a little pot over there all
the fixings are over here and the kids
are having a snack
we're having mango and Nutella not mixed
together though so be yucky right some
guys do time Nia made up this amazing
meal taco taco bar KP like taco balls
yes you gotta be joking here right now
human clothing
I don't usually yes you do my toys
it's reverent to coach I'm not
distracted have bad dreams oh in the car
drive ok well that's understandable
speed not bad drinkers because Eli's
afraid yeah whoa are you laughing
I have something like what what is this
one's on my foot
do you guys want to eat out here or in
there towards cooler and away from
further away from kids
honor of the heat out there all right my
xbox while you're eating no he does
though
so our brother andrew has got me hooked
on this Xbox game called rocket League I
love it it's so simple but so fun you
basically play soccer and hockey with
cars I'm playing with a Batmobile sounds
stupid but it's fun I want to see how
many of you guys play on one foot pole
here just curious are you are you hungry
you cannot have my taco song what's the
difference between a taco salad and a
taco bowl
well the taco salad isn't necessarily
yeah he does here come my other window
is just instead of the shelf that yeah
just that it is okay really well in
reality yeah we broke out the balls
again kittens all nervous over here they
were so I'm still come on there you
getting well getting rolled up I don't
appreciate don't get my truck happening
over here the heck is this about looks
like road rage I'm done with the whipped
cream you want whipped cream and fill me
in go ahead Matt so did you like school
oh hi I sort of hi my bad
he brought some amazing cupcakes got her
mother made this fudge and it fit like
chocolate morsels on hello guys it's me
back to Symphony everyone may see you're
here okay this is baby Elsa
a right here has my glasses it's made a
mom I'm the mall all these kids you're
gonna go stay in a brother dare table he
we're under go get exercise let's go
people
I am evil mama let's shoot angle alright
we'll clean it this is what teamworks
looks like after having company over
daddy doing the dishes I'm wiping down
the table the kids are cleaning their
bedrooms together I might add ah the
languages we have a little time with
Heath and Amanda as we always do we love
hanging out with them before they left
one thing I said was thank you for
initiating they initiated our dinner
here tonight so that we weren't driving
to their house they could have just
invited us over for dinner but he was
saying instead we invited ourselves over
so that you guys didn't have to make the
drive and I appreciate that he's been
working too hard she got a piece of
glass stuck in her leg yes I was trying
to help symfony clean the long wet mess
and you guys I just still don't you I
knew where the glass was and I bumped
into it oh good not to get it out this
time I can't take it oh gosh I just got
it
now guys don't forget we love you and
remember can't have fun with your
friends I'll be the hand that you get
home when you can't make it on your own
I promise you and not
but in this together
can say
was so bad Wow
