what is my little daredevil doing over
there I'm watching well screwed up on my
first string this is weird
can we be ready for breakfast for you
guys it's just me and Josie again we're
gonna make some okay was just an egg oh
thank you I'll be cracked let me do it
I'm on my crack
beautiful day that's crazy when I look
at the house from here how simple the
job looks does the house look so small
it's like I could easily tackle that
throw new roof on there add an addition
there change that out and do that when
you get closer you start to realize how
much work it actually is the devil is in
the details
am I right or am i right anyway let's
get back on that horse out there so
close on how are you guys doing today
I'm doing pretty good a good dump so
that's good even I had a good jump to
even I had a a good beat today good
that's my man right there a good dump in
a good Pete
lunch time but only because I ran out of
screws to screw down those bores and so
since I ran out of screws I can't do
that I'm gonna learn how to make some
steps to get up onto that porch while I
eat lunch let's see here and there it is
special topics let's see how to make
some stairs apron ready to go get
Symphony yeah okay let's go Gator let's
go yeah freedom it's so good outside
today
what was that he says another birdie the
water birds in the parking lot of
Walmart we're here to get a couple of
things for our mom and a couple things
for us Hey look there's more birds do
you see the birds say hi
Hey hi birdie say tweet tweet
yeah that one's for Bubba he's at turtle
I'm gonna look at it Ninja Turtles these
are for bubbie say Bubba as soon as we
pulled into the driveway she was saying
babe oh babe
smartypants symphony you had to get her
car seat to so yeah it all worked out
baby pose so the first thing I need to
do I need to determine where the stairs
are gonna land I'm not sure where I
don't know if along the lanes in line
with this the house right here actually
I'm pretty sure that doesn't matter
because I'm extending the house over
here where should I make them like one
two and built so much maybe two feet
maybe that's all I need
I just need two steps here two foot rot
okay
two feet two feet by two feet two feet
rise and run all right so next divide
the total rise by seven inches
24/7 three point four two all right so
three that's how many steps is gonna be
and a little bit of a problem here guys
with steps you want to build as close to
code as possible because it's just one
of those things you know if you have old
people out here you don't want them
tripping people are just used to certain
steps certain rise in the step and if
you vary it too much from the norm of
tripping hazard right so after I did the
math my steps are gonna be eight inches
high the general code is below seven
inches so it's an inch too tall on each
step and I'm not really sure what to do
about that I told myself I wouldn't get
emotional sorry is it good
gotta go did you start saying sick well
know where he's going did he stop at
Tristan's no he's going down the road
are you going for a ride your pants are
like lopsided right there this little
slide is so short and she loves it I'm
gonna go again oh my goodness go baby go
get it julia is so mesmerized by the
flowers even though they're not turning
in the wind right now is that pretty for
such a beautiful day that we have had
today I have felt so so late be oh my
goodness still been pretty you know
active and getting stuff done as I
usually do but man I on the inside I'm
feeling so sleepy as if it's a rainy day
but it was a beautiful sunny day I just
don't know
hi maybe it's because I want to bed
really late last night and woke up
really early and that's gotta be why
like that's something I would make sense
but I do that fairly often hmm anyway
here's all my numbers I'm gonna do eight
and drys an 11-inch run the steps are
gonna be kind of big and the rise so I'm
gonna make about just a little bit
larger than normal even though what I
just got through saying so my next step
is this right here let's figure this out
but so place the square a few inches up
from the end of the string
look at that guy's I just outlined my
very first step or stair stringer proud
moment what happened well screwed up on
my first stringer I anticipated this
though this is weird
this is really weird let me see the
world if you need three steps here
see how off I am that's supposed to
touch the corner I'm not sure what I'm
gonna do
maybe make the bottom step a little bit
bigger that actually fits right here I
forgot this is where I had it because
that robbed yeah you bet buddy hold on
I'm sorry I did it I'm a weenie stick
back to the drawing board
okay got a new stringer this time with
three steps let's try it on for size Oh
perfect guys look at that so the bottom
step and top step is one inch shorter
than the other risers this is seven now
which is a lot lower or one inch lower
than previously they'll be easier
walk-up I need three of these and then I
can start building steps Wow what is my
little daredevil doing over there I'm
watching oh man oh
you did it whoa you probably should move
that first ever made a little ramp out
of a scrap piece from the stringers
let's see what you got there bud so jump
like this you have to land back down
nice there's my four stringers actually
needs six of them
we'll see you jump that thing
oh there it is guys check it out all my
stringers I got six of them that's gonna
be one steady stairs I made it as long
as I could before I got to the street I
don't want a nice big thick area you're
gonna see this when you drive up so I
want a big stairs right here a long one
not a skinny one anyway it's pretty cool
still got a lot of work to do to attach
it and everything just basically sitting
there what's that called those are
called stringers
that's how it'll look when I'm all done
something like that first person to ever
walk up these steps here we go I did it
I made my first staircase it's time to
pack up buddy get the suitcase time to
pack up guys I'm calling it a day we're
calling it a weekend actually gotta get
this place cleaned up
it's amazing how messy this little place
could get in two days I mean it's it's
pretty bad you having to clean up yeah
you are you gonna help me any straws you
could have that after you come home to
see those socks pick up all the socks
and put them in that laundry bag over
there
no keep going put it in there his name
is John
Symphony is choosing comment of the day
for us today
hey I had a thought today how many of
you guys want to see Symphony responding
to comments on her channel symphonies
world let us know in the comments below
if that's something you would want to
see until then enjoy comment of the day
some symphony whatever Sam was that
landscape in Dec of him was so beautiful
especially with the Sun setting by the
way I'm such a big fan love yo Maddie
walking all right well thank you Maddy
that was really beautiful I agree and
the property back there I think she's
talking about when we were at GC it was
just so gorgeous but we will see you
guys tomorrow
our guys are almost home I gotta go get
our baths take it we'll see you guys
later don't forget we love you
I mean you know I'm sad and it's not
like they're dying here April come in
ladybug which make you meet show
