yeah Rui better who's right it's me
Anthony Wow guys a lot you guys know
what the kids are up to
they are making over in this together
good morning guys I'm fitting Juliet her
baby oatmeal my symphony is finishing up
her devotion for today and she showed me
one she did while we were in VidCon I
just had to show you guys we can't keep
that is and she like follow that picture
really well I mean being in how so cool
I love how it has you fill in the verses
this is what Symphony is doing for
anyone who's wondering it's called kids
read Romans and Sam and I are doing the
adult versions of Romans it's super cool
and it's perfect for her level I think
it was definitely for like an 8 or 9
year old but she she's doing a swine
color do you like it Symphony yeah I
love it
good morning a room which you got going
on shall I bring let me plan with bass
play school hi guys it's me and Benny
I've got a tower broken Disneyland all
falling apart
not exactly falling apart but it propane
cuckoo hey guys
Sammy has let see with a quick we're not
the big little girls day out
Microsoft is dating like that for degree
and I'm also getting my wedding ring
service I have to do that every six
months and a little behind on it so a
lot of you guys have been asking me
about my breasts best friend ring that
Sam got me for Christmas in my stocking
and why I never wear it all of wha well
it's because I needed to get it sized so
yesterday I put it on and tried to wear
just to see how comfortable it was on
the finger that I want to wear it on and
it was actually really uncomfortable
just the prong stick out really far and
it was scraping the skin on inside of my
fingers I might see if I could trade it
or exchange it for the best friend
earrings and I talked to him about it as
long as us the best friend zone
or the signature layout or whatever he
said he would be fine with it
so I'm going to do that and I'm gonna
have to see what she says about resizing
hello Matt Wow guys that's a lot on one
hand I wouldn't wear them both on the
same hand all done I decided to keep the
ring I got to try on a smaller size and
see what it would feel like if the ring
was more contoured to my finger so I'm
keeping my true love ever us best
friends ringing and I'm super excited
next step I'm going to get my nails done
with my friend Allison and we're going
to have lunch I was trying to not get my
nails done as often just be I don't know
where for goal but then she asked me
when you go with her iron and get them
done today and I'm super excited about
it has been a few weeks I'm almost done
hey what color you go with red over yeah
I mean we're getting summer bad
really good I was talking to elephant
she parked further away than I did and
we are going to have lunch now here at
standards
our campaign to end health and as we go
to work and some let's do rely tsuki to
go back to program we have to say good
things are true good ok so I always tell
you the importance of community there's
nothing like it
you know to be soaked yep I love it
anyways guys I'm going to go home and
see what our kids are up to now and well
I'm back and you guys know what the kids
were up to they are making
well let's make an official level bubble
competition we're going to sit
crisscross applesauce
throw your bubble bubble up in the air
and let's see who takes the longest to
come back down 1 2 3 4 5 6 Symphony 6 6
seconds 1 2 3 4 Oh symphonies lasted
longer let's try Julius now here you
throw Juliet's for her
1 2 3 Oh Colette is the bubble bubble
bubble women of this wubble bubble
competition we're all winners here at
the Raider family alright alright I'm
going to rename this one bubble bubble
up bubble wrap bubble gum next to your
name
sensitive oh we are having a little
cookout in DC tonight
I know right to cookouts in a row and
the dish but I'm taking is baked yummy
veggie is that beautiful or what
lemony honest yes time for coconut oil
salt and pepper earth Turkey I want to
get every single little piece I was
ready to go play right here we made it
since they drove us here - thanks for
driving sweetie you actually did a good
job go man Wow why you have a life vest
on dude
Brian's frying the fish that him and I
caught the other day yeah which one's
mine
this one right here here he cooked that
one just kidding that's all Brian we're
supposed to go fishing but I laughing
girls Lily can't go but she's in the
pool party has officially started
jumping rings out man
don't you have like this on man you got
this jump jump
there you go good job
yeah
are you course we want to know
oh my gosh we're so fun and interesting
at what we do so many cool things that's
why we decided to start here start your
own blog yes we're so fun and
interesting what we're about to do an
experiment here can you do coloring on
my iPhone Rick or our balls try all
right do see me first
there's the drummer's you did not what
color is that it looks like there's a
dropper we're not paid salary is not
food I yeah I'm not putting that in my
arm or some is just like the drop yeah
I'm sorry when I get on Raw to try to
die eyeballs before me Lily are you sure
you don't want to trade iPhones with me
I have aqua 7 shares iPhone 6 the 6 or 6
foot just a thick and she doesn't want
to trade no stock broker is now working
right now but I brought in water comes
out working because I brought in a while
I thought it water for my phone broken I
know it super quick I just want to prove
is that waterproof because the guy who
replaced it wasn't Apple certified
he didn't steal it that's what happened
he you guys know how many
more so he rolls activity me and Abram
what do you do when I come on the screen
just skip that's what I do
you are few honest with me I don't know
Sam stalking kiss you watch me when I
come on the school we're doing ice cream
for dessert
when we got a yearly thing strawberry
what's up wedding a biscuits a mirage
Brad you got it in short cake is better
super I've never had a biscuit with my
astronaut I know I think we had been
done great right yeah yeah Lorna really
good
hey have you not tried it once you're me
braces
no oh really
yeah the pulled a rock is now recognized
plus CI Center an idiot for having it in
the pool you did yes I didn't hear you I
found a water man we are headed home now
to go surfboard yeah my dinner at the
Mexican I had way too much ice cream
give me a headache but I had a blast I
was blonde fun honey yeah dude I had a
lot of fun it's always fun to catch up
with the ladies and talking especially
when Julia is any good news a nice week
to stay long talk all right get in the
car
I should be opening your door I'm sorry
should be you know what
hey let me do it she needs a force me to
be gentleman good for you that should
the man in my respect welcome no she
sideswiped a car on the side makes it
harder open up that door look who's here
to greet us
hi Oreo okay did you protect the house
while we were gone when I come here oh
my tummy no sweet well that was a lot of
fun guys we are home and I'm going to do
comment of the day before I go do my
nightly workout it goes to Charlotte
veteran I think you should give the pool
to a local family who might not be able
to afford a pool thank you for your
input we are taking all of your opinions
into consideration and we'll let you
guys know what we decide we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other I'll be the
hand that you can't hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone
we're in this together
we can't they
I know when I first got it out he I
notice I need thought vlogging and
talking talking whatever I'm doing
