I think that one's hungry probably got a
nursing home
give me Julian Lincoln car no on
me kind of wait till things got back
we'll be addressing no I'm gonna end
this together
yeah kid your day now
or your kids names captain Rick those
are your kids names you have to change
the diapers baby need to see guys walk I
think that one's hungry program nursing
okay really
the daddy's nurse for mom even bother
what a good daddy do you sleep yet
you're not going to beg oh good morning
little American girls good morning guys
happy Sunday morning
what chimney are vlogging on a Sunday
morning what is this about a window so
we're gonna start posting our Sunday
vlogs guys we're not going to skip any
more days we will post every day from
now on I don't know for how long doing
trade off is we're going to be two days
behind for now on it just works out
better for us to do it that way so that
is why you are seeing Sunday's footage
on Wednesday phones are so cute when you
dress me in American clothes well you
already dressed
I really they're very good you know
patriotic where's the colors changing
look you're my moment a little bit bye
guys
Sceptile you're doing yet looks like
we're gonna be having a cookout today a
little bit of dancing scarab okay Shawn
so man what's happening scare you did I
yes what up Johnny oh yeah looking good
bro a little too good for Sunday morning
the July celebration trying to start a
thing called sleeveless Sunday's where
no one works please dude I like it
that's awesome what a burn anymore I
guess thanks for standing me up this
weekend oh yeah no problem
problems we're supposed to kayak he was
scared of the wind Isla windy you know I
just want to go downstairs two miles per
hour wind it was like 15 with white
happening out here was great keith is
preaching today - don't be nervous keep
preaching today yeah I love you
how do you feel I'm gonna get on the
front row
like a human genome so himself
that was Keith's first time preaching I
was really awesome
that's about the people go into
production for me and you guys know that
it was really cool for me seeing face
honey are you doing dessert well worse
amazing a little bit of the banana
pudding because they said it was
sugar-free and I just didn't eat any
whipped cream it was like all layers or
your home and then Amanda made this I
tried it a little better than Alyssa
doesn't I using this what is that on top
here see her she's this is the damage
mmm-hmm
okay a piece of chicken here Tim the
only be on the blog yeah I really want
to be honest I high nine under church
always and so then to Tom's giving Julie
a link in the car
they've got granola
a nap I don't go to sleep it's almost
after bitter one I am NOT a fake job
Lotus we've little guys on the napkin
we're gonna have in our bed don't you
wake up not open yet say hello daddy
she's already talking on the phone in
the car right in the world I am in the
water bottle let me drink it up and
there's a room down there cats and dogs
where's the chalky blue water bottle and
Samir gone so when you think nothing
quite like a cleaning up is there right
now not much a sudden by nap right loan
that like sound a net we had a little
bit of chill time after naptime I know
right isn't that crazy we napped and we
feel would think that wasn't necessary
let me rephrase everyone till they sent
me I cleaned I cleaned Abrams room
I cleaned with symphony her room I
really had her clean home and I was just
directing her kitchen just laundry pile
and pipes from vidcon and so we're
enjoying a beautiful day it is wonderful
I hear it's not too hot but it's warm
and it feels great
CEO nasty no to plug it on meat no oh
gosh no my goodness you guys have got to
see Juliet she's just waving as each car
goes by sitting on the steps like a
pretty little princess waving oh that
was sweet guys welcome to Oahu videos
nice is that going to be your channel
when you make your own channel Abraham's
hot wheel videos that's a good channel
name Abraham's hot wheels
I'm going to ride my scooter it wrote in
a long time
Oh
wedding whose wedding
next you can engineer they already had
their wedding
lately a birds been asking me want to
play wedding and I'll be like oh maybe
or yes I read it or something I'm trying
to I don't know I've been inappropriate
obviously not like know how to address
this yeah hey Abram
how do you play wedding can you fill me
now you're at a wedding oh and now what
do you do you go up to the stage who
goes up to the stage with you eat me and
what do we do on the stage please bro we
pray Oh cute mmm I love this guy I love
it that he thinks I owe ya I think we do
Lagos food at I think she think what's
that she does that when she points or
find something that's been nursing
before that's paint
symphony and daddy are painting the bike
shed in her community everybody together
can we do that we are having these
roasted garlic and quinoa veggie burgers
tonight as you guys know I'm on a
cleanse I'm all about this plan even
though I just eat yesterday I'm not
going to give up on this just because I
had a cheat moment I think that's where
we go wrong sometimes and we're trying
to be healthy or cut things out of our
diet it's like man already failed
let's give up and go back to my old ways
but I'm not doing that I am going to
keep on foraging through and I'm going
to have that D burgers tonight Brad
Lidge veggie burgers the reason I'm
doing no bread is because the kind of
bread I prefer to have a hamburger has
sugar and it also has processed flour
and all that so I'm just going to do a
bread list burger and just put extra
veggies it is so like me to wait until
the wood starts rotting before I start
painting this nice black that I
build so what I'm going to do is paint
this blue to match the house and the
trim white to match the house and the
color of the shutters I'm going to stain
the inside of the doors the color of the
shutters to match the roof of the bike
shed I think it'll look pretty cool what
do you guys think
and don't take that for me guys don't
wait till things are bad before you
address it it reminds me of how me and I
have been approaching our marriage
lately I was opposed to when we first
got married when I first got married
kind of wait till things got bad before
we address it now we take preventive
measures to avoid us getting to that
point for example we did counseling
before things were even bad and
something little happens we sit down we
discuss it there's nothing too small or
sort about so don't wait till the wood
starts rotting to paint it time for me
to dress my burgers with this goodness
right there you mean this one is going
to be for Sam grilled red onions on top
or baked I guess I should say since it
Sam's I'm going to put cheese on his
check it out doesn't that look delicious
no I'm going to put some avocado on the
side and we have mashed sweet potatoes
daddy here's your's gonna be fun I'd
like to give you guys a little tour of
my new and complete it or bitch it took
me months to make this thing and it it's
turning feet on this thing
I finally got my workbench advice
installed as you can see whatever you
need whatever you're working on right
here I'm going to clamp it down and that
thing will smash a finger this is cherry
I think it's what I made it out of the
rest is yellow pine got it all nice and
smooth and a linseed oil on it this is
called the well this is where you put
your tools while you're working and
here's the finished legs you can
actually take it apart if you want to
but yeah super proud of it ready to get
started on the project Mia wants a
jewelry box I don't know if I have those
skills yet
but I'm looking into it but there it is
never sell the day so it's really cool
to be here all right guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to fill up each other
I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not alone puttin this
together
and we can't play that's a grand old
flag each of her flying faster than he
