yeah this is the new style you know get
ready for it hold your breath
Eric town Cooper fog quick one has image
together good money every line once
again we just finished our mile walk but
this time was different because there
was a storm coming and we had to brush
like crazy to get back home before
everyone got rained on yes we did the
boys are having some inside rainy day
fun playing Mario Kart mommy I'm Molly
oh you are show me what you're working
with we're mobile all right I totally
got into this weird house this morning
every organized this room's part of it
our lamp was in the corner our bouncer
was over there and this area over here
was a total wreck
and I just feel so much better I feel
like I want to order to the chaos in the
house because let's be honest that's
still pretty from what cluttery that's
the word the line when this order to the
chaos these are just a lot to either ah
thank you
what are you doing cutie pie oh thank
you what thank you
what's a wittle puppy zimzam this world
he'll be very rubbery to me dead weight
he wanted to do she's so cute she
probably knows what I'm saying now
earlier I said Juliet was going outside
and she I put her down in the kitchen
and she walked right through the back
door I mean the front door and then we
went together with some cute
okay guys I'm getting ready to turn on
our worship music it's almost nap time
and I want to show you guys Juliet's
reaction before the music starts and how
she reacts and once it starts
yeah that's my man might be tip of the
day
praise your husband's make them for the
little list of things that they do goes
a long way
- daddy your memory and one man my man
I'm a good man yeah yeah I was really
off to you Tyler
come again hi Andrew hi Oh real Uncle
Matt - hey there you go yeah so now do
have your arms oh I had a cyst removed
out of it Avram got a new little holler
here soon as some hot wheel holler
whatever how many cars you have on there
bug a lot huh once you count them cool
oh that's a good estimate next thing so
what do the time don't they guys I
thought you were oh my god right I'm
leaving I just like a wheel sorry for my
Camaro know where we go Andrew are we
going to hams orcid because I closed an
hour ago
made you look
forgot your bow I got you both we do not
yeah yeah
the hippie so far though wow I did we
all just left the house and came back
home because I forgot to get a fresh
battery for you guys so I hope you feel
a little bit special and then I realized
on our way back I didn't have my wallet
and then when I man into the house I
forgot but some chunks honey how did you
get stuck in the very back the ship
won't make it back there I can that's
not right good yeah playing a game these
come braces oh yeah just believing about
didn't get finally making xxxx where we
going on here we're going and Orchard
what we're gonna do there or need some
ice cream
I might be food too
no hay in the hand
any of them arguing we're in public
remember what are you wearing your
public this is the new style you didn't
know if I could Captain America what I
look like is that in the 80s when they
went that you're tired everyday Jam your
eyes hi
what do you want to eat baby let me get
strawberry ice cream your strawberry ice
cream
ah you've got it well drink look at all
that styrofoam everything's cool table
this is handy you can put your food up
here and tie you're ready to eat it take
that now with a sword was it an ashtray
it's an ashtray isn't it
eat to me but please you want ice cream
oh my god you guys are so dramatic game
I did collecting wood and you just
choice of it come on man
two o'clock pick one man
oh hi girls hi we found Morphy amazing
what's her name so holla
I kicked in this log and I'll tell you
what it would be such a confidence to
find out of your word warrior because
beginning in that story they came here
and I saw it on the wall thinking was a
resume and they did everyone holy Ganga
Nellis get ice cream guys they're going
to close one of them sugar diet I don't
know what to do about this I always have
to eat hands when I'm here too
I don't want to break my friend again
but if you guys think and he said mummy
get some ice cream here Snow Abram said
I get ice cream for myself oh no you
think I said do you think that I should
have some ice cream here altogether
foods full nurses said I have ice cream
on a cleanse
that pays off the cream seasonal I know
right I know and what if it's my last
trip to handle that I break my clan
absolutely I love your thinking alright
alright yo
yeah we're doing shuddered has about the
three left
yeah I think I'm ready for like your
kind of thing you've ever seen ever get
ready for it hold your breath here does
yes
the cutest thing ever it was beautiful
and a bridge with all the colors of the
rainbow but it made Joseph's brothers
jealous they wanted rich rainbow robes -
then to make matters worse Joseph kept
on how many special dreams so God was
using everything that happened to jump
rent even the bat me to be something
good to pretend to send to all world
ok we are playing quilt who's big dumb
idea was it to bring this game here was
it yours
yes I asked her to bring it I'm sorry
cute it's your game well that's embrace
I sound like comedian doesn't understand
this is a timed card this card is
classified
you got to go do something I'm going to
flip it go now yes to read out loud my
aunt Rita card out loud no no flip it
now we have to get it did you set the
timer I have it I'm just waiting I want
to do okay okay go paparazzi routes so
hot modeling poses you don't care Samuel
effexor Oh game er a little people call
millennial coffee what is that what are
you doing me be myself
what does it so you have to be yourself
and have to guess it yeah put my finger
on my nose and I keep half Q Bowman died
swallowed yearly you know no I guess not
our Johnny oh man arrested what he can
tell you yeah I give it a message
Oh wrong to the point you and that pond
must now play pattycake pattycake
Baker's man bake me a cake as you can
hold it Oh
well it looks like I went at quells the
first time we wouldn't play another
round new one well when you when I win
today that's so cheesy doodles but I
actually did that yeah we have started
coming out today goes to Mia Gilley Mia
that's what everybody thinks me his name
is on the fizz meter anyway my goal was
to drink no soda for a year and I have
five more days left
did that actually really temp I lost a
lot of weight going on you should keep
doing it good job alright guys don't
forget we love you and remember your
love of another shot that I search love
each other tonight I'll be the hand that
you can't hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not alone
puttin this together
they
