symphonie I'm gonna miss you we are
going to do some kind of giveaway I
start that off yes it was alive oh my
god but end this together
good morning guys it is 9:45 in the
morning in at that time of the day we're
going on our walk let's go let's go
check it out julia is sporting this
giant bow for the first time my mom's
coming over in a little bit I actually
save outfits run my mom and fans are
coming over this outfit so winning this
outfit I've had for about two months and
I've just been waiting for my mom to
come over just so super wear it in front
of my mom
you
hey mom Barbie are you doing okay i
doing come to take away the oldest oh
thank you
symphonie I'm gonna miss you yeah yeah
are you gonna behave I'm just gonna beat
a grenade oh yeah so the swimming pool
here guys we are going to do Oh some
kind of giveaway because we went ahead
and just order the liner for the
previous bull we had of the 22 foot pole
and you said 28 it's actually 22 I could
not find it within me to get rid of all
this feel that nice and calm all these
pieces for a whole pool and just trash
it I just couldn't do so we just ordered
the liner it was half the price of
getting the full size pool so we're
going to give this one away because some
of you guys are getting upset with us
for destroying the poles and I totally
understand that stupid decision guys
peer pressure
my brother is one of my brother's are
around they start pressuring me and I
feel like I feel obligated because I'm
just the middle child I'm not going to
get into all that right now I'm going to
take a pole on the pool so how do you
think we should do guys we'll have four
options up here let us know thanks for
your feedback I'm not sure if we're
gonna be able to Mel it that's why I'm
asking
we might but going couple probably as
much of the pool and lodging ready all
right guess we're going to go swimming
and have a miniature cookout with my
ministry grill so I took stand and try
to cover the slimy that didn't wash away
so I don't think that's working out as
you can see it's still coming up through
the sand and super slippery out here in
a lot of places so I got rid X am I
thinking is this could get rid of toilet
paper and poop and all that it could get
rid of slime and I booked off my I've
done something like this before
with the spill underneath their house so
let's see how this goes with dissolving
slime
energy to put a mushroom happy Wow man I
love this thing so cool because it an
ear me
you
I don't know about all that
let's press that all kids
all right time to get this meat grilling
ready to grill anyways and chicken for
me with only song number because I'm on
cleanse
okay
Rep hey we just chilling out in the pool
room it was alive oh my gosh Thank You
spider on her arm
okay here's an black she was totally
just jamming out you guys don't drink it
I was dirty bud shot this just let it go
yeah I did it with her she kept her head
above the water
she's so good she loved it
give her a little boost
chicken strips already I think is really
well except for the veggies get horny I
have ready is it what they gonna leave
the chicken is so good buddy try it try
the chicken but good to make your
barbecue
bedtime at the Raider house honey we're
going on day did you hear it made it to
you sandy thank you for something
and your fault filling right ha ha
you're welcome man you'll see it do that
is radical dude you love wingman you
don't mean yeah boy well guys thanks for
joining us for a little cookout today
not too much going on
thank you for cooking me dinner and
that's a rare occasion this is all good
what does it mean when her husband cooks
dinner so much better than a new quick
dinner but he never does it all I have
to do is buy some Hickory
throw it on the grill in fact I got to
learn how to get the flames going on the
ground horrible on it we need to think I
want to keep it early ha so doesn't that
count holding yeah true there's a bigger
ring we'll catch you guys on the flip
side don't forget we love you and
remember that was me doing the footside
no bean hair net you get home when you
can't make it on your own I promise you
and not alone
but in this together
Oh
