good morning guys we're back home VidCon
is over and we are going on a family
walk well I say family walk it's really
just mommy Julia and Abram Symphony wait
we go this way to start out with buddy
yes I am listening to Hansen's new album
all right Abram I Spy something blue
even though the weather is hot I decided
I'm not going to let it be an excuse for
me not to exercise I've been making too
many excuses lately and I feel like if I
don't just get out there and do
something at a time when I really don't
want to that I'm never going to
especially when it's summertime do you
think so oh you are
my friend introduced me to this kids
Bethel music on YouTube so every day
before naptime we do our worship there
come fill me be like the worshiping
queue now like doing voices chill guys
introducing the fishtail braid I
mastered that last night and today I've
been practicing Topman guys blurring it
I just wanted you all to know that
Juliette's crib is being lowered when
you go back to bed later it will be boys
deep down in there oh man whoa you're so
low in there
hey down there on the Collin I think we
waited so long because the shower to
grow up she's our baby skirt is like all
our wax what Juliet is someone hiding
some treasure in here for you what Sam
oMG you guys we have a secret biggest
inner nerd on our hands here my fortune
hey I'm on landslide
alright you could try out well since you
guys found it Oh careful buddy how much
did you pay for all of us I don't even
want to know please oh my god oh so like
a deal let's just say they're going to
be worth a lot more in the future
I doubt it this is a fat man we're going
to go away and like for here a second so
that is my spinner collection look at
the square one one of my favorite with
all the little cog was in it
I had call real spirit to check that out
know what nice what buddy oh one right
here yeah we know you do this was asking
on dude perfect looks take away is fine
it doesn't go to finish line for cute
this one's one of my favorites too this
is a square spanner check this out
everywhere
oh look at that this was cool it's
really noisy but it's not a cheap one
sounds cheap but it's not and what I
like about this one is it's easy to
flick because of the angle that's on it
it makes it you could flip it a lot
faster than the other one with one hand
this one's awesome because I love the
gradient it makes that one - you do wait
let me spin up see the gradient maze on
that one I just look so cool Wow here's
a wheel this one's a wheel Wow watch so
when you spin it it drives yeah I'll try
it
yeah nice whoever you're gonna love this
one buddy
spin it see the rainbow yeah oh yeah
spin again doctor take that rainbow on
there yes you did real this one has
pennies embedded in their little arms of
it this one is a very high quality I can
do it on making sure can
this one right here guys this is one of
my top to do is finish the best bearings
on the market I think it lasted - five
minutes - spinning I'm not carpet
obviously here's my mini one everyone
took them I'm a mini spinner how do you
like that well I want big boys okay I'll
put that back there how do you like this
one dude wow this is a really good one
hey like if you look here this one's
similar to that one actually at the same
thing but this one is a different color
these are made of stainless steel this
is one of my favorite though because you
could take these off I kept this with me
Nicaragua got heavy dude uses I guess my
nap and then after you take them off you
can spin it with one hand
have you taken like I could do it like
while I'm driving
yes I love that uh-huh
this is another super high so these are
all super nice this one is also aluminum
alloyed super light
but superfast yes Shula daddy like angel
wings you don't have a contest with them
sure
all right we're going to do a spinning
contest here I need you - cool panel
yeah let's pick the best one let's do
this one this one oh that's a good
record sleeve inside
Wow really good for up the whole other
than is bad daddy you you think mom's
done once
humans i exac influent loss huh what
what happened follows the one got second
place
okay this one's out that one's out that
one's out no anyone is out everyone
no we won't help well done what Wow
present we ordered some wood my girl all
right wine is slowing down
well done yeah no no these are all the
ones that are left actually except that
one's okay come on sheep this is what my
favorite I'm just a Captain America
sphere
I mean I'm gonna make it - as will
spiral on it awesome getting real close
things are out we need to like do a
rematch with that one where they're
rematch with the fastest ones oh my gosh
looks like a tie
oh the buckler won by a hair
here you go honey
and
Oh
getting close this one was put away
later in the game and this one still
beat it on top digits better that arrow
 tonight GC we're going to do a
little reenactment of the food that was
served at throwing trip at Nicaragua I
was put in charge to make the juice and
I was going to do banana and mango juice
but instead I'm just going to use I want
to use petticoat juice and simply notice
the difference this is a mixer I think
we can make it to the gas station in
time at zero miles left and we're below
come on
and do this
madam so Jesus let's go
what
every we're trying to get to the cat
vision way over there will we make it
Oh
no no at least it's going downhill
oh my gosh looks perfect ah perfect
timing to roll right in oh goodness
gracious oh man Oh Reston wheel really
wow oh my gosh crazy Stephanie you're
coming home it is kids ito-san dosto
fever is this one for me or Juliet uh I
got the bunny good job sister looks
really good bunny she's waiting and
everything we read you see were the
first ones here dougie their oranges
here
that's pineapple like Isaac I made some
juice you're going to like it to come
here like it this time okay just give me
a second chance here the king the
secretary made excuse for me a special
fried not my last year's I please do not
say not a beautiful free
drink you
pretty good guy good since I bought it
is that good
often you like my dress we mean our body
there you're spot-on
super Rugrats are up to I what are you
doing I heard the big kids so first time
playing back here you guys never comes
back here what do you say people famous
anybody from he can play with to a gram
I think I can hear what's going on over
here
well we're talking about having very
very different artists let's hope update
on you got just over trucks are going
over long hat so the first question is
is there an area in your lives or
religion actors in the place of living
for cheaters you're not sure yeah hi
guys me and Abram are gonna play outside
I just got that from Nana's house oh
that's exciting
whistles getting not recording a drum
stop stop chatter that's right all right
six minutes is up let's go inside
I thought everyone he could play for
five minutes man get home cause you have
to be outside he was what five minutes
don't play alone in that I said okay six
minutes he's like yeah come on give him
10 seconds 9 8 7 6 5 we're home guys
instead of real common of the day we're
going to answer a few questions from you
guys
regarding VidCon yellow couples wants to
know what was your favorite part about
VidCon and why I have to say I really
did I don't know if enjoys right word
but I took away a lot from meeting
Phillip Franco that was probably one of
the most standout moments from VidCon
for me it was really cool
where did you find yourself at the most
in VidCon that's not expo hall sure next
one is from Caroline spamming if you had
to stay at one booth you went to during
VidCon for an entire day which groups
were to be hmm everyone was food and
work they don't want to die just one day
so just one day do you think I can in
one I'll get food put the kid in tumors
I think I would have wanted to stay at
one of the VR ones I really really liked
those VR games that's something that I
don't think you guys saw us do on the
vlog oh you saw through the sweet charts
when we also did one with Ninja Turtles
and oh my goodness it was amazing next
question comes from Lillian Morgan which
vloggers are or were your dream collab
and will you take the kids next year you
guys have to be honest Judy from it's
Judy's life would be a dream come true
to meet her we've met Benji several
times and I found out on Instagram that
she was actually at VidCon
we never saw them even once I didn't
know they were even there until we were
already coming home and saw their
Instagram so that means there must have
been really really busy we'll catch you
guys tomorrow don't forget we love you
remember to love each other I'll be the
hand that you can't hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone we're in this together
we should say
and next example
