good morning guys Bheema just got here
we're gonna do some laundry while we
wait for her
washer and dryer to get to her house got
a surprise for Jules their glass is like
it mama I'm a bunny you try them on
Oh everything for the blue vision oh it
sure is you think you oh no she was a
tracker trigger you want to hold on oh
she's a little creeped out by it
yeah oh wow she'll be Bo what's you go
quacks ah what a bunny let me see look
look at your jewels Oh bunny boo it's a
bunny boo so mom I can just put all of
this over into the washer or almost dark
black ones stuff in there okay
whoa Bebo did Symphony's hair turn do a
twist for us that is part it yeah it's
pretty yeah like yeah Josie you can
finish your hamper go put those in your
hamper good job alright alright she's so
serious about this job - at one time no
way good job baby good morning guys how
are you doing today we're doing pretty
good I could barely sleep last night
because this guy here is kicking me so
much do you really so what you kick
we'll just sleep baby nearly kicked off
that bed in there man how did I do that
you keep kicking me while you're
sleeping kicking me in the face I kept
waking up all night long but it's ok
it's ok buddy don't worry about it here
we are we're broke about moving out
little man
we'll move outside here in a minute I
thought maybe when I came out here my
coal would have got better cuz I felt
like it was on the way to getting better
but it just got worse last night like I
can't breathe out either nostrils pretty
bad but I'm not going to let that stop
me today I'm still gonna get out there
get some work done
play with it mr. Abram here make some
memories that's what this has been about
out here Oh buddy I gotta tell you
something so Abram and I have this thing
every time I kiss him he wipes it away
and then I chase him around I kiss him
more than he wipes it some more so last
night while you were sleeping
daddy kissed your head and you didn't
wipe out so that kiss is gonna stay
there forever and I know you don't know
where is that I'm not telling you
because I wanted to stay there forever I
think you see it right there you didn't
get it sorry buddy I want that kiss is
gonna be there forever
hey come on boys do it hey guys I'm just
getting ready for the little dinner
party that I was telling you all about
last night but first I have to run some
errands and it's just me and the bunny
huh symphonie went with my mom one of
the perks of having a grandmother living
close by is that symfony literally every
time it's like can I go with you and of
course my mom doesn't say no so she's at
school tomorrow or today obviously so I
let her go though Sun is in your eyes
she was so cute she was covering them
while ago so cute well the shirt I had
originally planned to wear did not dry I
mean it did try but it was wrinkly so I
needed to likely dry it
I don't know your penis if you hate
ironing raise your hand I need to run to
the bank and go pick up the cake which
is located here in Carroll before head
and then to show
oh my gosh that's so gorgeous Pinterest
win thank you it is a good day for a
good day out here I know how cliche that
is good day for a good day may be cliche
but I say name it's a good day for a
good day
sounds like a good song right you know I
should have become a songwriter good day
for a good day maybe cliche but I say
name it's a good day for a good day a
good day for a good day maybe cachet but
I say name it's a good day for a good
day everyone follow the water buddy boy
so own the agenda today I'm gonna finish
that porch I need that porch cover if I
could get started on building that wall
out there I'm gonna do it it's funny how
like based on how the weather is it's
kind of how motivator I feel or oh
that's a good thing or bathroom but I
think that's all of us right wrong a lot
motivated about it whether quite a bit
what you're fishing for a little buddy a
little bit of koi don't fall in the koi
pond like Michael Scott did so first
things first something is bringing his
boards over there because a guy dropped
him off for some dumb reason job from
bright little the driveway so frustrated
about it it's so far from the worksite
snacktime there's a tomato's up and draw
it out here this one's not fully ripe
it's not red but so it's good I'm sorry
eat healthy with me a second possible
but stop you're getting them dirty if
you want to snack you can eat the orange
if you eat the orange I'll consider
giving you another smash
I've tried cutting fruit out of my diet
I noticed on my last I ate a lot of
fruit and I didn't lose any weight this
time I'm really trying to cut out
fructose which is actually fat this is
about as much sugar and an apple as
there's a candy bar but the only
difference is there's a lot of fiber in
an apple but I'm gonna try to get my
fiber other ways so I'll have to consume
that sugar with my fiber so I thought a
tomato do it for what it is I can time
him and when we have done this since I
read business
and I'm in a very big hurry not even you
need a bunkie because if I do I will end
up filling it up just go with empty
hands then I'll only have rooms with
three very small things that I came in
all right so theoretically this piece
should go here this is a trim piece
that's a little off this needs to be on
that corner cuz of this piece he's gonna
extend all the way down there I cut that
too small no that's good it's good
just like that here's my corner it's
good
every time I come out here somebody
always asked it never fails what are you
doing up there Sam what are you building
because people aren't watching every
single blog guys need watching every
vlog if you want to know what's going on
okay quit simply guys this up here is my
mancave
to me a big-screen TV with surround
sound big comfy couch locked door and a
sign that says mancave does not
constitute a mancave to me a mancave is
the outdoors is building using your
hands and being near to God so I'm out
here worshipping let's see I worship
music as I build and to me that is the
ultimate man cave getting my heart
closer to my Creator is I have an
awesome trailer over here so natural
yeah then of course pistachios or you
can't bring your pistachio it's not a
man cave unless you have pistachios you
guys talked me into keeping the tree so
I appreciate it I do love the tree and
you guys were there to remind me of that
so thank you I'm gonna build a frame err
on the bottom of it
and it'll look something like that I
could have just kept this piece we're
all the way across here but I wanted
miters of the quarter just to make the
tree really stand out and on top of
making the tree stand out I think it's
also gonna provide an easier way for me
to shave down this if the tree grow is
faster than I'm anticipating it growing
which is just a couple inches around the
whole thing so I can easily just pull
these up shorten them and you know do
easier adjusting if the tree grows right
there
what you doing buddy you're all wet
are you cold you sure you're not sure
simply is gonna love this porch I can't
wait to show her you're so excited just
when I had a little strip over there you
love a buddy yeah you're welcome
no not quite still have some sunlight
left all this is all dumb
a deck I guess this is the deck and
that's the porch that's gonna round
little blue dots getting ready to hang
up the words of affirmation onto the
wall I need some release for balls in
the slush
is that what you heard snap last night I
got a tree that fell over here guys look
at this
that's kind of scary any dead trees near
the trailer what's this this is a
partner hey guys I'm back home no I'm
sorry I did not blog anything you're
obviously doing that very minor
decorating I was in charge of taking
candid and also photos to photos with
the Polaroid camera
I just couldn't do both and so I was
taking pictures and trying to be present
also and like involved in conversations
and then we sat down and we have serious
talk and talking about memories and
printing over Amanda it was so good you
guys I cried like way more than I needed
to and now it's time for me to go to my
workout it's almost midnight I just got
home so late but I will do coming up the
date for you guys first and he goes to
Olivia Olive Oh Nia was so excited when
they were hacking two cute kids allow us
adults to be kids again so fun that is
so true I love that quote kids allow
adults to be kids again I think I'm
going to letter that Thank You Olivia
Oliver for the inspiration he's so true
and it's something that as parents we
easily forget because we get caught up
in routines and what to feed them and
homework and bath time nap time
schedules and it's easy to forget about
how good it Phyllis is sit and play with
your children it makes me feel like a
kid again every single time I challenge
all of you to sit in the floor and play
with your kids today or tomorrow if
you're watching this late at night I
know that's not something that we make
happen every single day but maybe just
for today or tomorrow we can make happen
we're at the end of the day I use this
flonase equip brain and I used so many
sprays that my body's feeling it's in my
system but it didn't help clear my nasal
passages whatsoever you know these are
called Nerys and not nares people
mistake them for
airs or nostrils that are also called
nostrils but proper term is proper
pronunciation
Nerys Nerys anyway guys will cut your
bar don't forget we love you from the
motel love it shadow to go you see mommy
again
with my beautiful crystals and I have
got it all right you found the shooters
okay things will get too heavy but
