it's an oatmeal kind of morning good
morning buddy
how'd you sleep last night what was your
dream my little dream was how did you
sleep last night little one you did a
great job you sleep all night
Thank You hey Josie we're gonna pray
dear God - oh we're trying were
facetiming integrations goin - Oh we'll
try again okay your Baba how'd you get
it down there hmm
Juliette's having a mixture of almond
milk with her baby formula today she
doesn't seem too fond of it but she's
drinking it ah thank you
breakfast is over and I'm starting
something kind of new for summer break I
was gonna wait until Symphony got back
but I decided to just pull it out early
because it's kind of mainly for Avram
anyway although I do have some pretty
cool stuff for symphony - so this
morning Avram now the Traxxas cover
we're going to practice our handwriting
because of what I thought it was Bobby
just seems like more for symphony words
you needed letters touch does that not
give you the impression that you're
going to be practicing writing your
letters huh that's interesting just
gonna color - oh oh don't eat it don't
eat it you color with it good you
covered
hi good job
I'm so proud of you buddy but we're
going to save this book for symphony in
other words our big well I have another
one for you
we're gonna do next one and I have
little school work books to the kids for
summer breaks and we're just can see how
yeah all right
there's letters and numbers and funny
some vocabulary and shapes and colors
okay ah Juliet stop eating that crayon
colors yeah it's open enough that's
right it says find the cards with an A
and color them red I need to go get you
red see these cards right here yeah
these are cards you're going to color
the ones that have a on them you go it's
a yeah that's called lowercase a but
you're not going to color those red
you're going to color the big agency
this is called upper cane engine good
job are there any other big eyes you can
color
Abram this is pop rewriting can you say
that okay prewriting yeah if you're
going to practice your on lines and
curves and circles always start at the
top and go down let me show you I just
put it in your hand now come over here
and make one by yourself make one next
to them all start at the top just like
and go straight down oh good now do
nothing one let's go get daddy's
Father's Day gift
hey guys I'm Sarah Lehman effort to fix
my hair and do my makeup today is really
ridiculous
and Juliet had real instant what do you
guys think that is its crayon she was
getting really quiet while I was trying
to fix my hair and she crawls in my room
with crayon crumbling out of her mouth
dripping down her shirt and all over her
legs
so needless if they had to rush and Irma
Hera was Earl old headband and fresh my
makeup is just totally ridiculous and
yeah it's not destined for me to look
put together I go what Carol just daddy
like do you remember what they're called
Dewalt yeah so let's find the DeWalt
song I think daddy has a Dewalt saw
doesn't he yawning so I'm default
texture oh man Abram and humbie felt
like a kid in a candy store video he's
so cute a lot modules that he had one
already has a Dewalt measure oh oh yeah
well I actually do know what Daddy
requested and it is a cordless Dewalt
shopback let's go find that forgive me
sure we're good to walk vacuum hang Oh
save it
what about horny horny doesn't have a
home depot do they oh man you guys Abram
they don't have daddy's back in here can
we go talk long yeah I'll post again
well I actually think it's a better idea
to call before it 50 years up there
cordless winter induction about looking
at one of my rare matte cordless
lithium-ion two-gallon Boulevard
Portland okay and you have seven of them
okay great thank you
all right let's try this again
Abram do you see what I'm seeing
that you're working yeah okay if you can
pick it up for daddy okay wow you are so
strong Wow well you did a good job buddy
600k none of that sucked up the list we
have to get my data yes and I know
exactly what I'm going to get him and I
also need a couple more things for the
presentation of how I give Sam huge gift
so on my list I need gift cards skewers
poster board lesbian
and now for my desk if I need some paint
swatches I kind of go with the discards
let's see here
okay hold them up for me and I'll paper
color let's see here let's get a green
one so blue and red okay so I think the
recent work sorry okay I especially have
found everything I need and I'm ready to
go all right guys now this mom about to
get a little crafty for Father's Day I
know it's a little girly but I need my
face all my gift cards scissors and tape
wire sticks and some foam hey hey where
you actually have a pretty important job
do you know what your job is the dial
break it all apart it's going to make a
huge mess that you can do it come on is
make taller sighs yeah oh yeah good job
I'm pirate Abram so the idea is I'm
breaking down here okay so now that our
vase is full of this foam we need to get
these out and we need to put ours gift
cards on top of Abram is there in honors
of taking all the gift cards off of
their packaging for me
great job buddy let's take time it sure
was oh here's what you get you fold this
in half fold your wire perfect then you
take your card and you put it on the
loop side turn it hard over like that
then you put the loop on that you tape
it right on your loop just like that
then you stick it down in the base good
job buddy
I like up giftcards okay now you have it
a Father's Day gift cards okay oh man
you guys what a night I just organized a
ton of stuff in symphonies rooms so on
that note let's see what they've been up
to today I actually got a video today I
just lost the game because I was
daydreaming about your Nutella
she's Symphony rings silly with her
Nutella some pretty scenery they're
playing a game for Symphony she's been
on bling and critique they're bothering
her but they were playing a game in that
last video just the team but that was
really cute and funny it really made me
miss everybody I hope all of you guys
out there watching if you're a dad or
maybe you're a single mom and you had to
play the role of mom and dad for your
children growing up maybe you're an
uncle or a brother or grandfather who
has raised a child thank you for all
that you do you men are incredibly
important to the lives of your children
and the little ones that you are leading
and happy Father's Day to my hubby Sam
the best daddy in the whole world my
kids really won the daddy jackpot with
you
I can just say 100% of Sam has come so
far as a dad I mean I was just telling
him the other day that I'm so thankful
for the dad that he has become to our
babies he just gets better and better as
each year goes by showing them what a
good involved fun-loving godly
respectful adoring
I mean the list goes on and on but all
of those things my dad he's not watching
this he doesn't do internet things but
you guys all know I was raised by my
grandparents Oh my father figure was my
grandfather and for a man who was put in
a position that he wasn't ready for my
mom passed away when I was three he did
an incredible job raising me and taking
me on at an age that he was probably he
just I'm sure at that age thought he was
done raising kids and so I'm very
grateful to him so I know you guys are
getting this all a day late but I still
wanted to just throw up the well wishes
and thank yous and I love you so how
great day we'll see you guys tomorrow
and don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
