good morning guys we are getting ready
for that fun playdate I was telling you
guys about today and I am checking my
little stash here make sure I've got
everything this is sunshine in the house
yeah beautiful outside today okay guys
swim diaper dry clothes for after the
pool baby swimwear hmm towels I'm
missing towels looks like everyone's
getting spider-man that's all that's
left
Abram looks like he's all decked out for
the pool are you ready to go swim all
right yeah but I need your swimming pool
so know you don't need a swim shirt
we'll put some sunscreen on all deaths
that's what's missing from my pal I need
sunscreen have you mom's been reading
all the articles out there saying how
sunscreen is practically killing our
children
let me just tell you I read it and I was
like oh man what are we gonna do because
the sun's not good for the kids and the
sunscreen is not good for the kids so I
found some natural products yeah I need
a beach bag I've had this beach bag for
about like six years now it's not that
cute on the inside anymore but I'm gonna
use it nevertheless I go cute the back
is too it's a postcard having fun and
wish you were here I just love that we
made it and look at my big big helper
right there wait baby stop there you go
wait I need to push down the hill okay
let's get some sunscreen baby yeah oh
wow it's like white yep here
yeah let me get your back come here give
me your hands put it on your cheeks I
don't know if everyone remembers at the
same time last year Sam was in Iceland
and we had a playdate here
Juliet got swimming pool for the first
time it was so sweet baby Juliet already
to swimming too
she even has little sakis that match we
have her hat ready to go are you ready
to go sunbathe are you ready
you need to sunbathe yes you are you
ready here she goes she's not the dive
right it can't do that again okay no
diving in without me yeah last year
Juliet couldn't get on the trampoline
and this year she can Abram do you like
this trampoline this is his first time
on a big trampoline it's so sweet being
here a year later and seeing how big my
babies have gotten and just all the kids
here have gotten they're all getting
better at swimming and last year was
just such a sweet time it was so new and
fresh for me to be out with all three
kids without Sam Juliet was so
teeny-tiny and so this is like this
place holds like a really sweet memory
for me especially this time of year so
cute this is a bouncy trampoline more so
than ours it's a little big a room whoa
welcome to the pool party are you gonna
wake up little swimmer a little he's
peeling right there does she have some
cradle cap that you can't can't really
see it entire face is red and she's hot
yeah we're gonna do a little swim lesson
here Joey
you
it's lunchtime this is the coolest thing
about coming to Madison's for a swim
date it's very laid-back come and go
bring your own lunch so we brought
Lunchables and Abram is getting ready to
have his placating let's Caden what
Kaden little Lunchables for her crackers
some ham
guys he like that yeah she does like
those give you some cheese good
I like Al I'm at a dead stop in traffic
this really stinks
this is not a road that normally has
like dead stop traffic either and it's
nap time and I'm trying to keep everyone
awake it kept the kids awake in the car
and had a very nice lovely nap time now
it's time to go
hey Tommy get up daddy
no not yet you're gonna be good today
huh today do you want to FaceTime him
yeah okay when you get up freaking face
tension it's snack time we're having
apples and we're having the chick-fil-a
Abram didn't finish her what what do you
think you guys want to FaceTime daddy
Logan called me today I don't know why
are you calling back
can I proceed Glen boy anything sweaty
that says unavailable this is how we do
laundry guys thank you thank you thank
you
package full try not to hate on you guys
but we are back at Walmart I have to
drop off Juliette's prescription from
yesterday and you can only do that by
going inside of the store which is kind
of a bummer because now that my divorce
rate pick up I have to go in from my
prescriptions but we said sure let's go
get your strawberry cream okay honestly
guys I'm not even sure I want to use it
I've got to research it and look up
stuff I'm going to go ahead and get it I
want to show it to Sam and everything
inside it because I feel nervous the
doctor did warn me that it's not that
great for babies okay since her first
stop the bank
we need a sucker now you have a
strawberry and you have a strawberry to
the kids office and Abram said like it's
taking pictures and this is what he did
the little gala and she copied him she
totally said cheese say cheese
oh you know TA you're so cute you copy
what Bobby says cheese next on the
agenda is Father's Day it's coming up
what do you want to get daddy and pop
off for Father's Day
a past why guys kidding
oh I want to give you and get them
glasses like sunglasses Tanglin no I
asked him a question they look around to
find their answer by what they see um I
don't think they need a magnifying glass
I know daddy's going to need one before
too much longer but not quite yet buddy
love you babe Father's Day gift looking
was not successful and we have thought
about going to Home Depot but it's
getting late it's already after 7
o'clock
kids go to bed at 8 so we're gonna go to
Home Depot tomorrow so we can spend a
lot of time there okay well that's a
little I'm gonna have a picnic kill you
thank you this is what Abram requested
for dinner a picnic and we're gonna have
lunch ah yummy is there one with ham and
cheese we can get for Juliet well maybe
they need a blanket of course if we're
gonna do that Abraham's requesting
Juju's blanket oh this is always the
blanket of choice when we're getting a
blanket yes honey what do you love it is
just uh oh you take it outside for me
yeah goodness it's bigger than you are
Abram the weather feels absolutely
perfect out here it's cooled off quite a
bit there son isn't beating down on the
front yard it's gonna be perfect
there you go Josie and let's take Nick
you do here's some platform for you this
never 201 and then okay look at Colton
and smile we do Bible comes out here on
our picnic
juliette first time to brush her teeth
with a baby toothbrush open big
youngnam's you gotta brush your brush I
get all the stuff and stuff out that's
hiding in between your teeth teeth teeth
now you try it you guys are so cute and
now it's our favorite part of the night
where I show you guys that Sam and
symfony have been up to today I didn't
get any videos today just a lot of
pictures with no descriptions except for
one so I'm just going to show you guys
these pictures slideshow style
you
guys weren't those so sweet some of them
just brought tears to my eyes earlier as
I was looking through them Jen did text
me a prayer request today she said there
are some people that have been sick
around them and to be praying that the
team stays free from sickness and fever
she'll be praying for that you guys they
still have a few days they're also Sam
was sharing some stuff with me so just
you know if you think about it being
prayer for them as they're on this
mission trip for God's will to align and
to come to fruition I'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
