hey baby here you go happy in the
morning hi good morning are you ready
for a pretty big day today
oh hi
hey morning oh my gosh
lots of what can you do hey hey my dude
I do good morning guys we are headed to
the doctor and I made Juliet I get a
little curtain over there the Sun is in
her eyes pretty bad and so just hung a
towel in the window reminder order baby
shade for window on Amazon later alright
little bunny let's go see the doctor
about your little strawberry
got here and our pediatricians office
and that's with the referral over so
we've been here for a bit already and
servers also might be here well
well guys this has been similar to
nightmare I've had a really hard time
with my insurance and everything when we
first got here and we're here at a
doctor saying that this is Julia the
baby hurry it's super fussy also so he's
given me some numbers offices that see
small children and little babies but he
won't perform he will not remove this
under her eyes and that the most they
will do is give a cream which in line
with me so that the cream is something
in it is not even that great for Banyan
is I just know I'm feeling really
overwhelmed in a little discouraged to
me honest to guys oh look at that I was
amazed on that thank you so much for
watching Abram mom that would have been
a nightmare taking him in there with me
that plan is over and we are gonna go
enjoy this beautiful day helping sandy
move into her new house
once again the only thing that you have
Symphony's a voice my car is loaded to
the brim baby stuff in kitchen
Oh everyone's excited check out that
beautiful light I absolutely love it
this is mad your dad made that dude
where he'll now that was so much fun you
guys it was really sweet at one point we
were unpacking boxes and sandy had wrote
herself a note that said you're
unpacking things for your forever home
so that was so sweet I was just like
almost in tears at one point because I
know how long maybe and waited for this
and how it's just like so beautiful one
downside to doing slime is only having
one shower because our other one has a
problem and the plumber has been able to
come out and get it and everyone takes
showers in here after supplying both
times like I would say my bathtub was
out of commission for like five days and
I was having to like samsa kids up in
here and wash them and rinse them all so
finally after five days of no bathtubs
and bubble bath you really take those
things for granted by the way our
bathtub is back working order kids are
taking a bath and playing they're loving
it they have so mr. Gotham my kids I
don't about you guys but my kids love
the bubble bath you're holding like a
little baby good how are you
you guys have got to see what this baby
is doing she is so on the move call me
kill Wow so what you doing this is her
new thing I have to be with her
constantly she's in here all the way to
the top while ago
Wow
Josie here's my setup for the next
couple of hours I am going through all
the drawers in our dresser and I'm
decluttering I'm getting rid of things
that I've had for over a year and not
worn
I'm also organizing what goes in each
drawer here's my little pile so far this
is two drawers worse and basically
what's in that pile I either don't fit
into it anymore
it shrank or something haven't worn in
like over a year so yes I love this I
love having time to do this I know this
might sound crazy to some of you because
I talked about how like we've had a lot
of company over I've still like I've
been going nonstop lately but there's
something very therapeutic about
decluttering closets and drawers and
different things in the house it's just
really like stress relieving for me so
but now on to an update on Sam and
Symphony so here's a picture of symphony
and some of the other girls the symphony
and Isaac playing on what looks like a
playground
there's sand back there taking some
pictures there they are riding a bus
together something like so sleepy and a
lot of these pictures
there's symphony but hang on guys if
you're like back here there's Sam
it was funny because right after Jin my
friend sent me this picture Sam sent us
a picture from that angle pretty funny
there they are I'm not sure where
they're at in these pictures
my friend Jin just sent them to me you
like it my sweet girl swinging oh she
looks so happy and precious okay I just
found out the place that Sam and
Symphony were at in those pictures is
lagoon apoyo the crater of a volcano and
they were having lunch there so that's
cool information I've been texting with
Jin a lot
tonight she was so sweet she was telling
me that she washed Symphony's hair today
and I don't know just that alone like
when someone loves your children and
like the thought of her like washing my
baby's hair that's just such a sweet act
of love to me I mean I'm really feeling
like FOMO over here like I never feel
that but like you know fear of missing
out for those of you don't know what it
means I mean I'm not really fearing it
and but I do feel like I'm missing out I
wish I was with my friends and my family
there I wish that Juliet was just a
little bit older and that this trip came
just a little bit later so that we could
all have gone or I could have left her
with one of her grandmother's or
something but anyways I'm just Jen had
so many good things to say about symfony
and I feel so proud of her I don't want
to brag too much on her because you know
this is a mission trip where she's there
to serve but it's very encouraging to
hear that she's being a really good big
girl and having a great attitude about
everything so glad to hear that tomorrow
is another really fun day for me and the
kids there is a group playdate that
happens every Friday with some of the
moms in our church and I'm excited to
take you guys along with me there you'll
see why tomorrow it's going to be kind
of a special vlog so make sure you tune
in and we'll see you guys in don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
