good morning guys we're having a morning
playdate my friend Sarah and her kid by
her community pool shallow one foot deep
pool for all the babies Abram this line
is for you this pool it's super windy
out here
your hair you are my brother you are my
sister
and they fight astanga lopata stay hard
we've got to live
oh and there's together I'm gonna go get
in your feet get wet Julia just put
herself in the ploy got it 40 seconds
everyone's around her right here she was
doing so good and then she kind of
toppled over whoa thank you Sarah
whatever running over here we're having
Sonic
Julie is enjoying a grilled cheese
sandwich you want to eat it like a big
girl take a bite got really quiet out
here Sarah took all the big kids to
potty
it had to go and her two older ones had
to go to I say her two older ones she
only has two and they're older it's so
relaxing out here you guys it feels
really good the wind is blowing but the
Sun is out so it's like to make this a
oh you're doing good maybe swim time is
over
did you have a good time buddy yeah oh
I'm trying to help you
you're not weirdo buckle that yes
telling the gentleman you don't over
water okay you can do it and I will not
be any help any rule
good job buddy how proud of a
premiership up now look just baby woke
up from there she woke up on all right
of the bed someone's here to see you
coming to you see her Sophie oh she's
not on the car yet but it's Bebo hi Mina
she woke up on the wrong side of the bed
oh did you get on the wrong side thing
is he didn't oh maybe not I am a dead
man actors oh oh okay
Steve I brought a cooler of our own
stuff to here to stay the night with me
and hang out with Bubbe tomorrow because
Juliet has a big doctor's appointment
for the hemangioma underneath her eye
okay
in a minute we're going to go get some
ice cream with bebo do you want to
I do but I'm cz okay
he is saw him daddy's kid hey bro is
your nose hurting yes it is
is that why you're so cranky or what's
going on in there
Abraham's nose just ran out of it no no
there's a scratch on the edge of the
nose ooh I'm glad it's just a scratch
though do you want to keep this right
here in case it starts to come down
again keep it right here in your cup
holder and if you feel it you just kind
of wipe it like this look hey okay all I
know is what our faces yeah what here is
my cream and abramson mommy please have
her make a tiny amount of time last time
they gave him an adult time I played he
wanted
how's the nose bad
can you open the door for me big guy
yeah thank you so much
we're going for dinner here I think
we're going to get this winner winner
chicken dinner and some other casserole
back there favourite once these kind of
pickles let me make sure they're not too
spicy oh yeah baby dope we can get them
first time I came here I didn't get to
shop and get like fruits and veggies
picked it up and I really wanted to do
that somehow kidding
my mom tiny pies
are they cute
there's coconut and buttermilk oh my
goodness
do it
stopping free a ham are you can
strawberry or peach see I know you're
using do is just not the same
strawberries but really it really
applies all funny pies
what so little repo okay guys we got to
watch how they make adult sized cups
here it's ginormous and ridiculous
I'm sorry oh my goodness leave it to me
bow to give the baby some ice queen yeah
me it is actually make the nose feel
better you know and I did it really way
she's my neighbor I'm got some planes
from hams orchard let's see how they fly
can you throw one oh right let's see
which one goes further oh wow that one
did it really good I want to do one
we're gonna race them now are you gonna
go first or me me can't go alright here
I go
wait don't get it with ya you do it now
we're doing Bible Tamra Bebo tonight
these are my sleeping quarters for the
evening
my mom is staying the night I am camping
out in Cynthia's bunk bed it's really
comfy in here
it's so cute thinking that Symphony
hangs out in here every night and she's
like all comfy cozy in here
so I wanted to give you guys an update
on salmon symphony let me get the
pictures and videos ready for you guys
here's a picture of Sam after one of the
older kids completed a craft this is a
picture he sent us today of a little
girl playing basketball with some other
kids there's Mike that looks like Lucy
right there
this was actually yesterday he got to
hold a parrot and he told me that
Symphony held it - how crazy is that
this is a video of Symphony playing
Bible bingo with some of the little
girls and Lucy
girls right an orphanage
Jen Symphony Lily Lucy they're having a
girls night with everyone symphony looks
exhausted I really miss you
Juliet and Abram look you really really
yeah really
sorry over phone daddy oh are you liking
to here huh
oh it's not really a right feeding stock
type second that's a pretty good daddy
not to me you're good conservative am I
gonna make cookies tonight yeah yeah
revel in poison girl tonight deja que me
I love getting those pictures and videos
it just melts my heart and kind of makes
my day feel complete
I've yet to get to talk to him on the
phone but we did Marco Polo a few times
today so that was really refreshing to
my mommy heart I miss him so much I can
tell that Juliette's really missing
Symphony she's just been getting like
this random moodiness that I don't
really recognize and I think it's
because she missed the symphony I'm
going to be alone a Juliet's appointment
for her she'll bury hemangioma I'm not
exactly sure if they're going to start
the removal process or if we're just
going to get a plan in place and make
future appointments so no she's gonna
get numbed I'll get a shot or have like
a laser thing happening I don't know so
anyways guys come along and join me said
I don't have to go to the doctor's
appointment all alone um I'll be
bringing you guys along with me it's far
into the appointment as I can before the
doctors asked me not to film and stuff
but yeah so I'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
we can't make it
only
but end this together
