Oh Juliet found a rock and she made
smart sometimes boosted board so sorry
daddy we didn't mean for that to happen
in her defense Little Rock was sitting
right next to the booster for my brother
you are my sister they buy the same guys
loved by the same
love we've got to give us Oh No
and theirs together he made every school
hello I'm going to turn to walk I'm
still a little doughnut hole boy good
morning guys
how are y'all today it is kind of a
familiar week for us Abram is going to
go back to school this week
he has like optional school during the
summer and so with Symphony not being
here and lots of play dates on the
horizon thought it would be good to get
him back in that routine we not ready to
drop off bubby oh man
don't worry one day you'll stay and play
at these places we need to be oh my good
news it's so sad I just only have mommy
time julia has had a breakfast and
spilled all her drink down her shirt
mommy cleaned the kitchen Abram got to
school successfully and without tears so
that's great I have a lot of work to do
I'm going to be doing the vlogs this
week so you guys can look forward to
that and I'm one of those people that
when I sit down like at the computer to
work I kind of need peace and quiet so
when Julia takes her nap I'm going to
get started on it and I'm thankful that
my first day of being in charge of the
vlog is when Abrams at school because
I'm I know I'm going to need like a
refresher to really sit and focus on it
I thought I was laundry to put away I
folded it last night and I didn't get it
put away that time just ended and we are
going to come outside and practice our
walk-in
too much
Oh
the difficulty
ah
who you get a water break after all that
hard work on Josie we are doing a water
break on someone bill said we have ants
running around our house like a freight
train so we're going to rent an errand
grab some cash for mr. bill and then
don't you
hi we're back again are you ready to get
bubbie let's go get your brother
oh goodness you love to be out of the
car come on just go get him Thank You
bubby Wow I got you so good - oh you
guys remember sweetest thing ever I've
got a little Walker weights pulling back
sound oh I got this place mom oh my
goodness you would think they've been
away from each other for days
what is that Abram is there anything
you're one way
wait let me hold friendly show me how
the rainstick work what are you learning
about if you say hello in Zimbabwe well
don't worry
it's jumbo the gap number oh wow
all right Bob where to next hey that's
right you guys know the routine after
school Abram and mommy go to Starbucks
and then we had to Walmart for our
pickup all right Evan do you want a
pirate kpop or a pink one
okay wait on my water they're an old
children safe Hall thank you thank you
hey room you're just so far back here I
gotta get out and give it to you buddy
to try and make lanky and since we
appreciated
slug buddy goody bags Abraham's always
asking about the goodie bag certificate
because we got it on our first time but
they only do it for fish they only do it
on the first time but because a little
infant in a minute gave me more I'm such
a big girl mall fans on I've had the
plumbing done the exterminator was here
grocery shop you got all the groceries
and all by myself without my big muscle
man hi little helper oh are you going to
take it all out well happened it goes in
got to put them skin yes in oh thank you
thank you
hey Ron oh man you're doing such a good
job like your daddy
Wow oh my goodness okay I'll take it the
rest of the way thank you buddy
I here to thank years of Mexican Rupert
he's on Twitter and Instagram you guys
can go follow him he hooked us up with
some VIP pics to see the premiere of car
three and we are so super pumped about
it
cousin coral came to the movies with us
and under you mommies and the babies
we're with Rupert yeah four cars three I
am kind of gun type
this is Rupert hey guys thank you bro
it's time and we got a lot of it let me
tell you piece of cookie pizzas not so
coordinate more cookies
french fries you name it we got yeah we
got a cool tray we wanted it
oh yeah
did you like it
tired I feel like I just ran a race how
about like I'm Lightning McQueen
this is raised all those races going to
the movie theater with three little kids
two of them one-year-old there's kind of
a lot of work towards the end Andre it
took the babies out we couldn't film at
all in the theater and they were
watching like a hawk I pulled my camera
out for like a second this guy came up
to me with a goofy pulled it out again
you're going to believe the theater
really know if you did see him know even
on the other side of on my side so I
tried to sneak it one more time and I
get a shot of Juliet and Abram in their
cute little 3d glasses
and I swear I looked over at the
security guard and they were circling
around kind of near where we were and
one of them ended up standing on the
side where we were the rest of the movie
I think they were like watching me
anyways did you have fun I did in some
pictures oh hey she's lovely just really
I did get to 9:30 we looked at about
thirty four hours oh wow anyways it was
a lot of fun
there's just a lot of lifting with our
muscles so we have a there's big muscles
they're heavy Hiram and symphony of both
always loved cars since they were both
little bitty and salt like all at some
part the person is anyway okay kilometer
of the day goes to Karina Hewes I think
it's nice that Symphony gets to go with
sand because it's usually salmon Abram
and me and the girls so it's nice that
Symphony gets to spend time with her dad
I know she does every day I mean it's
just like a special time yes me too I'm
so glad I've been getting pictures and
videos and they seem to be adjusting
well something a little bit set up are
you guys
oh here's another one of Sam getting a
tour around the orphanage introducing to
some of the people and then last one
from today is Symphony this is her bed
set up there she's sharing bunk beds
with some other girls it looks like
there's Lucy from church day one is in
the book for them I imagine that they're
probably getting some rest now since
they left early in the morning thank you
guys for all the encouragement from them
to prayers super excited to hear more
about their trip as the week goes on and
I'll be sharing with you guys so don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
yep
and this together
in this together
