okay are you weren't that basic me and I
are off to take people to get a washer
and dryer for a new little place in my
birthday or her birthday and so we're
gonna Home Depot she's gonna pick out
whatever she wants
yeah for her brand-new place this is
gonna be the new centerpiece you get
that guy there's a guy like me with a
huge photo
yeah she's nervous about it
those mother approved oh and mother your
mother not too colorful look on this
side these ones are nice too
maytag is good excellent I still have my
yeah this one's pretty rooming too and
it's small no it's not like yours like
this one because it's like it's more
compact it's probably better for your
place yeah oh yeah and you could watch
it before you wash your clothes me go on
so I can wash watching TV there's a
hookups that b-bros place are on the
opposite so she use the dryer to open
docks inside then what they're made they
all open from the left side for about
the oven style no she can inspect the
inside for us because we can't get in
there honey what you do that alright
that's it right there
no definitely doable no now she wants to
test it out she got in there all by
herself
hey you're on my hair Pat you pull my
hand
I guess she knows our car cuz she came
right to it I didn't take her to it baby
some amazing spiteful and I want to show
you guys I'm trying to decide if I
should take this guy that broken bone
with me tonight to spend the next few
days there cuz Nia has a little girls
thing tomorrow she got a babysitter it's
time for me to go there and it's finally
stopped raining there today's the last
day it's supposed to be right I thought
I'd go there get some stuff done but the
only thing is I'm feeling kind of thing
if you notice how I have a little make
and yesterday you guys hear that
Tynan what do you think ingest it makes
me really hard to drink
oh why we're gonna go get this guy
granola bar here we're gonna get you
granola bar you're gonna eat it while
I'll get my haircut okay deal I'm pretty
good but how are you let me get a bite
of that
yeah your hair looks good but can you
put it s in the back of my head yeah
like shaving s in the back I can try
never mind I don't need this trial I
used to a guy named Richard put Lions
back you said like this and that's gonna
press it off real good about and hours
and hours I probably could have done it
but first of all well ours my last name
so maybe in the arm will do this is my
first name every hilarious are you just
putting down there at the bottom
yeah I put it down here is we're shade
there you can't put it here maybe don't
shake it what do you think let me think
about it okay
okay pretty cool you see the whore on
the back of my head buddy do you want
one maybe one day yeah our stance for
what does our stance for yeah octopus
good job buddy you got it babe welcome
come on show me with your arms how big
are you gonna miss me this works hold me
and I miss you if I could wrap my hands
around the whole house all of Texas
we're gonna miss you I have been in a
long time but it's time to go better
miss you trying to say we're going to
miss her I was listening to Abram and
you realize you're talking to me it's
okay Josie's thinking just wait okay did
it do so yet my hair do you like my hair
are you freaking kidding me
what why would she agree to doing that I
was playing around and asked her to make
a nest and she was like you know what I
had this guy who always came in and I
did a are for him I got really good at
it
so they okay ours my last name let's do
that and she's like okay let me think
about it she's an older lady and she's
like alright let's give it a shot did it
turn out good I cannot believe you got
it a letter cut into your hair is a sexy
I feel like I've never been the kind of
wife that like a husband would come home
with a haircut me like what do you do
for me I really do not like to start in
the back of your head though unreal
borderline offended that you did it
what why it's so not you just for fun
I really like this cute little love song
alright I have a full valeria in the car
now hazard dr. Seuss hair holding up
okay let's see give us a spin whoa today
was dr. Seuss day it seemed pretty
smooth I didn't wanna see it I doubled
it with my pencil oh yeah oh good job
you did a good job bubbling in do you
think those rocks are for that's pretty
cool
she's playing with the bigger girls in
here was it fun
hello guys we're home now and everyone's
in bed you guys want to see what I'm
working on
Shh we're having a birthday dinner slash
going-away dinner for Amanda tomorrow
night and I'm working on a little craft
project for her party all of us girls
who are going to the dinner wrote out
some words of affirmation for Amanda and
I'm gonna hang it up around the house or
in a banner style I'm not exactly sure
yet if I do a banner I feel like I have
to punch holes in like the tops of the
card but if I just put them around the
house I could use just a small piece of
tape and just kind of like put them
randomly and then I want to be able to
put these over into a scrapbook when she
leaves with a photo of her and the
person who wrote it one's mine
says when you pray the Holy Spirit is
evident flowing and growing like vines
filling all the spaces let's do comment
of the day and it goes to raining skies
Mia
why didn't you match your outfit with
the family I didn't even think about it
honestly Sam decided to match Abram when
he walked in the room because sometimes
he will match Abraham it just so
happened that Abraham was not matching
the girls at that point then he changed
so then Sam changed but then I didn't
have time to change I don't even think
about it I was trying to fix my hair so
I don't even know anyways guys I hope
you'll all come back and join us
tomorrow in fact if you have not
officially joined the Sam and Nia fan
basic over here at our channel go ahead
and subscribe give us a thumbs up on
this video and come back every day at
1:00 or 2:00 p.m. get very to see what
we're up to and we'll see you guys later
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
oh honey
