good morning guys I am at Mardell and
miski because I'm picking up some stuff
for salmon Symphony's trip to Nicaragua
let's never mind that sam accidentally
dropped me off at Hobby Lobby Mart over
there my brother you are my sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
heart
we've got to give Oh
and theirs together I am in charge of a
couple lessons for gin to present to the
kids while they're there
I feel really bummed am I going to be
there to help then I wish that wasn't
the case but just not good timing for me
and Juliet all right guys here's my
stash so far so my plan is to look
through a basic book with very biblical
and simple stories for Jen to teach such
as this one look how simple and easy
distributive heat before God created the
earth everything was dark and quiet
but God wanted plants animals water and
sunshine so he made them it took six
days to make the earth and on the
seventh day God rested so to go with
that one I have this craft they'll be
making different animals and ginge and
tell them how Adam got to name of the
animal they can color it all kinds of
things I need to get some markers to
send with her - okay then there's this
one and kind of this one together until
Jen could do that one where Jesus dies
on the cross I've got a really cool
cross activity where you weave in
through the crosses I need to go get a
buggy because I also need to achieve
unless you're so so I can sleep my
stature and I'm going to come on then
probably got too much stuff but that's
okay how you guys doing today
whoops sorry Mike Mike's down here
fixing my joint for me for my trip to
Nicaragua how's it coming here there's
the gimbal oh yes
the camera still works on it crashed it
was getting footage of a spinning
climbing the pole got stuck in the the
wires out there and it fell on the
neighbor's yard plate that the gimbal
since it's on broke produce extra parts
throw it out
how's the packing coming bad well I'm
really I really procrastinated on this
one thank you so much for taking for me
am I taking a big rival I'm trying to
make a convertible you in Symphony get
this front part and then the back part
is all craft and donations because we
had gifts from Julia's birthday party
were donated
snacks and a craft that we're going to
be doing with the kids there is going to
be taking polaroid pictures of them and
making picture frames phone take
pictures of them with their friends and
stuff like that so the koi deals about a
whole bunch of film I have like 36 I
think here daddy can I take a pledge
love you alright and I'm going to put
that right here next to the mark 3 but
first I need to put my strap on here
come on the strap on hi Juliette hi
ignite your twin sister these are the
twins babies dressed as twins hi coral
you want to get on coral gonna get on
the horse huh Judah will push you yes
yes you bet you're gonna push coral okay
yeah yeah let go of the book hold on to
that here okay rocker Juliette rocker
rocker look well you say about our trip
Oh what are you most excited about
okay just going to my daddy
oh okay well once I have tuna oh yeah
TLC cried in the car we converge cuz you
know finish yeah I miss you too buddy
but we'll be back home okay very much
more about it so like what are you
thinking you're gonna do it the kids
they're gonna love you yeah
yes you're gonna make me smile remember
you may not be able to speak the
language you probably won't actually so
you're going to kind of smile till you
know what with some show anything I
won't be able to talk to them you can
talk to him you can share talking to him
but I just know that they might
understand me
but sometimes you stitch if I know what
you're trying to say like they're asking
me a question I know how to say yes in
your stuff yeah yeah is now okay see
your dog and no sir ding no pre-holiday
yeah microphone a little 6 1 0 so here
sits in tatters I'm going to have to get
a new gimbal about a plate for it I
thought just a plate but it's actually a
little cord sticking out the black one
right there I've got yanked from it when
it crashed and you can't really sort of
that by going to ten so I replace my
fidget cube guys in our sense that was
something that was going to entertain me
a little bit more both sides except for
what are these little things sticking up
I don't know kind of scares me a little
bit but and Wiggles around like a little
tell little blue tell you have a little
rubber ball thing here just kind of
flops around little flip the swapper you
got a switch you have a button do I like
that bye
that's a good bite it made a good button
and you also have your little wheels
there's some
they make noise and push on will put
pressures I'll make noise you have a
joystick little turntable that feet
arrows switchboard switches I mean this
was for someone who's got some crazy
anxiety tomorrow somebody carrying this
around them a label for up every cheer
up oh my god oh just wanted to stop by
Getty cross it's what's for dinner it's
really good you like it your first time
Michael Andrea have never had it before
I think Michael is a little freaked out
look Rico good figure it out it
definitely has like the texture of a
squash veggie but the noodle like
structure of spaghetti today is the so
busy non-stop going going going and so I
just decided to take breathers make
dinner and hopefully it turned out good
kind of a hodgepodge of sauces that I
did
some of your labor jobs my not what we
think I was caring legs in a row
Home Depot he slept on the forklift my
brother I parked it somewhere nice and
cozy were house ii jus let you got in
your PJs under your PJs come on buddy
boy thank you can I get champagne I
don't know maybe buddy just because I'm
leaving you for a week and I'm going to
miss you so much
got to get dog food it seems like every
time I go out or every time I go out to
travel I got to get dog food today
before it is slowly run out but we do
travel all the time so it's not
everything sorry
uncle maybe uncle Michael gave me
something as uncle Michael Michael Caine
iqt toys yes I'll get your dog for ya
can't join fast oh let's get a bunny
Hey look at cute tractor is it worth
anything that one don't you have one of
those already
why don't you get a t-rex I'm only one
of that guy maybe that Velociraptor
that's way too curious oh wow that's
cool I really that guy it is cool
I like it see our little minimize I
don't have one of these yeah but do you
have a t-rex not like us how you going
to live without a t-rex in your room
Avery this is a Fiat Oreo all over the
best
my buddy buddy hey it's okay my baby is
Oh bye-bye
hey you wanna stay up with me
yes let me ask mommy okay hi okay buddy
come on you can stay up with me
maybe just be what you need mom
Oh
our buddy was good now yeah I love us
and coming back in bugs then see you
later okay bye dude seriously
your son can port your pool please
officer while we do the caboose it makes
me feel is rough you know what when I
see you again damn look like a tunnel
like three times it alright how soon do
you think they'll be soon hey too much
but all right cool all right you're
known as fuzzy from having his very
first arm readily Matt you got this
buddy come on even come on you can do it
oh so cute then I can do it with Daddy
no no this man get a sudden that on his
heart
all right here we go buddy you're gonna
go hand like this different hold my yeah
oh my thumb okay that's how you do it
there you go two hands you handy so new
one more one honey yeah yeah oh man do
our man you are
alright guys it's time to say good night
it's our last time to end the vlog
together for another week Sam whole week
so what we're going to do is I think I'm
going to vlog like for two days and put
a vlog up and every two days you take
you don't walk every couple days I'm
gonna upload vlog from Nicaragua and
he's going to do the David Newton yeah I
think we're sad said we're going to do
every other day so you log for two days
there be one log yeah one blog on a two
day so anyway she wasn't yeah but I
thought and you do the next one
accumulative
of the two days you've logged yeah and a
lot anyway we'll figure it out don't
worry I'll put videos out that's all I
can say
this isn't just a little yeah anyway I'm
doing comment of the day question I okay
guys so comment of the day comes from
none other than Liv Hampton I really
really appreciated her comment today so
I had to share with you guys she says I
think it's awesome that they busted the
poll the way they did they're having a
ball if their poll let them do what they
want negative nancies need to go solve
someone else's problem and leave these
people alone okay
I really really appreciate that Collin
just a dirty girl because I do feel like
you know it is our pool whether we swim
in it or rip it or whatever we do and
you guys seriously if you watched the
entire blog you would see how much fun
we had as a family using the pool in
that state I mean it was just so much
fun
more fun than if we were ever swimming
in it so anyway that just appreciated
that comment and acknowledging that we
were still having fun as a family we
weren't just being super wasteful we
enjoyed the experience and don't worry
there will be more pool videos to come
your way this summer we're not going to
let you guys down in that department
right right we got some fun stuff about
us week so we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
let just
we can't make it
Oh
and less
but in this together
