also happens when that lies in a kayak
and that's together the morning badger
to be to the edge of the si si
guess what we had to Sunday morning for
breakfast donuts we're gonna talk with
da da make us going us he says it to get
me either
yeah he has want one yeah as you got a
big slinky last night okay why you get
me fall nice good job sweetie
flip the air begin car tell me dude I
forgot my mom oh my by doesn't remember
sit back here and just trying to buckle
I ever gonna see major you don't K no no
I don't know what to do from here it's
good isn't it
looking at it suck his blood but my fur
my knees just watching it alright we
made the church and I'm contemplating if
I should let Andrew out or not but you
made us late bud for your dumb energy oh
yeah that's the first service doesn't
one-year-old sure guys hey Don I am you
ready for Nicaragua you ready to hang
out with me for a week yeah yeah you
really get sick of me girl
he favors tagging said Tiffany hey wait
you had a walk in the cloud this poor
guy sorry buddy
yeah longtime person okay from the very
opening tackle presenting serving a
different country I'm holding a service
see she has a lot here in Slumberland a
lot of her church was so good you guys
bow preach today and it was about
walking the narrow path instead of the
wide path and when he started the sermon
in my head I was like oh this one this
was always a good one like one thing he
said was about how like we we tend to
think we're walking the straight and
narrow and it's like I'm good I'm doing
good but you know inside we're
rationalizing that one foot that's kind
of out the door and into the other path
the path of the world and we like
rationalize it we make up reasons why
it's okay I think we all have moments
where we try to walk the line as living
for the Lord or not and I know I do and
it's just one of those one of those
things that we definitely were selfish
and we want to say like no it's okay
that I have this one thing or this
guilty pleasure but really it's not it's
not okay it says it right in the Bible
it is not okay you can't serve two
masters you cannot walk walk both paths
this is the path we walk we made it back
home guys but we are tarnished I will
one day and you what you want to do you
want to race during the papal or do you
want to help me beautiful go course in
the swimming pool about something what
about you Mikey I would really like to
help you be your cool but I prefer those
cards I do how about we credit opening
slide out I just got one in there for
that one job just got this poll I wasn't
in for that one only because it's been
raining it's been like pouring here most
of that water and they actually
rainwater they saw your balls you
down the street yeah you go
man let me see open your hands up
Yami Oh - that's okay
that's our Mother's Day Tomatoes
symphonies been such a big help taking
care of them why I want to use one with
our dinner so you can show everyone
alright guys get in the green pool
recording yeah I want to be on the
outside cutting open and let me make
sure it's on all right guys you ready
I'm kind of the little strap that goes
around it what was that I know don't
hold my hammer fell scared me oh my gosh
I'm nervous
Wow that looks sweet you ready God
laughs whoo
mahzarin I got to get in to say go for
it
what are we going to do with all those
crazy boy
you
Oh
ah
what a bouncing bunny is a play I missed
dinner math - those delicious I want to
justify buying ice cream the men got
salads and women the women got burgers
written in someone focuses on zippy were
the perfect PJs here okay your mojo Pete
is you got emoji touring our kids meal
what there you go just smashed it
like what he is getting or awesome man
oh you got it mama mom how many hours
was that Mike recorded we going to
Brahms I was like at least three hours
or three or four our game of Settlers of
Catan silly about and I won all that
feels so good
a four-hour game and then you end up
winning awesome I'm not trying to brag
this I'm just proud feels good first
time way but um we got huge busy day
tomorrow guys I got to get ready for
Nicaragua Tiffany and I Maddie and
Andrew if you're headed out Nia's fall
asleep on couch
we're just going to skip common today
for now I'm sorry we haven't been doing
that lately but you guys tomorrow don't
forget we love you remember to love each
other remember I'll be the hand that you
can hold when you can't make it on your
own I promise you and not alone
we're in this together
we can say
nasty camera
