morning guys it is bright and early not
right you are my brother you are my
sister
they might astanga love by the same
heart
we've got the best of we've got to give
in this together
baby have a good trip
run away to Oakley homie this day was
camper right there guys we got a little
caravan going on David my mom and his
kids are in there and his wife Mia and
me Tiffany Abraham and Julia on this
vehicle there's Mia honey
say hi to fans they think hi
over here we got Andrea and Michael
cranky Mikey oh look there's squirrel
hey coral I almost forgot about you oh
my gosh look at smile Michael roll down
the window pulldown Davey needed gas
I'll get him get your nap in sorry dude
identity means tip never gonna ride with
you mouths okay really yeah hi mom hi
guys
I know uh I don't want to write with
utila knowing where you sitting right
here - so we should simply sit okay Sam
you want to step in the front and do you
think no I want to sit back here
yeah that's what I'm getting on here I
want to sit at table or up there I don't
even go up there and do it you're doing
the trip to Oklahoma
yeah picking up the keys today and the
deeds the musical thing
what
laughs Martin Amis my plan where is it
if I call you a baby but you're my baby
man
I'll make it weird and attended to David
owns a job there but I mean dismayed to
the office skies this is where the cuter
he's a brand new house
I mean brand-new house this house is
like going 70 more like 80 80 80 years
ago julia has been screaming for an hour
long as pictures ever grown did you guys
tell Santino calm down yeah I told him I
said that she's crying because you guys
are in the car with her and I turned on
a Symphony's world video and she calmed
right down when she heard your voice she
just needed her sissy made me cry okay
let's go honey we'll be right back guys
here we are guys where we started
remember this office there's her Jeep
that we roamed in and we said that was a
house we wanted the second house that we
saw was a woman long we're picking up
the key victory
new homes we don't want that indeed so
what's this part that is just showing
this was no piece of land yeah yes
inside of these dark lines is your urban
zone but I don't think this was a cell
right they've had like caverns on your
mind will this little scary or we're
online somehow that just wants to go
over there and on it and then this is
just your tribal opinion just so you
have a hard copy event all right cool
mmm I don't know me but if house is not
less than the good as a fish you hit a
really big hill to their dollars it look
like clean it so I felt really bad about
it do you have a card or someone you
recommend I do I actually do she ruins
everything out there here are all of
your you know journal type of hair thank
you you're welcome
there's your paperwork you so much as
your welcome and I'm side always such a
pleasure
we're here oh my goodness she just did
not have a very good trip down here come
on we're going to get out
took her out nursed her on the way and
then she had another meltdown and I got
her a stop and I fed her some snack
come here baby Abrams already enjoying
the amenities oh you like it
Oh what-what were you thinking it is it
is old sissy we're going to make it new
again ha ha
daddy knows how to remodel things look
at it it's a beaut alright let's see
which one opens what happened ok guys
pick yourself at home make yourself at
home guys it was still good in here
that's no hold this mattress for me your
shot
Holly got water 470 are literally
doesn't good that these two rooms are
kind of built for cabin we just stopped
working on it back here and over there
you know this is all the kitchen look at
all these cabins is crazy this is the
master bedroom
it's a giant vision this is the master
bedroom
really what good yeah the big living fit
the closet and let the light on we're
going to do we got to pay for that oh we
got some shelves in here it's kind of
cool-looking look beautiful because you
know we got terribly out of here well
you don't have your own room sweetie
there's only two rooms in this house
yeah this is a getaway home getaway
where you come to this go away so we
come down the summer for like a few
marks then we go back home there's a
comma little name goes in like I love
the wood fire stove I am excited to
break in toilet I've been waiting the
past three hours
the seasons God will refrain around this
shut to that and the house is just extra
you know we really both wins favor my
country who's with cream crackers
echo sorry dine here I'm breaking any
toilet are you kidding me
white looks like your brother is good
I'm about to go to me the hot tub
actually isn't in bad shape that's
easily cleanable over there said it all
works alright check the shop out raise
it up guys
pull give me help you I'm getting unlock
it
how do you do this ah we've got a
workbench already ready for me yes nice
and a big oxygen tank y'all gotta get
something here the babies are already
enjoying our new yard I guess it's not
our new yard but our secondary yard we
happy girl yeah we got the moves for all
you got the moon still be you too you
have girls are cray-cray
well I think we have Sam and Michael
number 2 on our hands right here ok so
our first poopy in oklahoma has been
taken care of
ok Juliet talking about her guys not me
don't get the wrong idea here
ladies don't talk about that this lady
does anyways so let's go see what
everyone's up to the woodshed out here
whoa damn right so many things out here
doesn't have a sort of strike so here
because they're buying stuff for me for
like a four
diamonite samuel 55th if you brand-new
in the box you have her pain a penny
get all okay I never asked you gonna
canvass uh Japan I like these camps uses
our rubber camp it's all sort of
stuffing up again you know this is their
that is true blower what to do what what
to do it sucks pleased the hell is the
sucker leak back you know can we shake
on the down so you don't change your
mind Dean I kind of feel like I just
bought an old storage unit or just kind
of figure out what he loved yeah yeah
tell like storage wars look at little
piggy made ya look at that you can have
it look at leisure claw here much
washers Samuels you go digging in there
for money I dare you leave I look so bad
you can't have that quarter in the yours
yeah alright mom will do 20 cents call
the deal that oil what you guys do did
you guys struck oil this trick will guys
just made me a millionaire
what'd you find buddy a bus and a guy
where do you guys burning smell
something burning guys the kids just
struck oil outside what are you doing
with Chinese checkers beautiful thanks
and really nice rocks
I think you found us oh you don't want a
bench everybody's leaving
thanks for coming out guys see you later
thanks Dave
appreciate it you guys have a good trip
home I'm not going back this is where
I'm staying
you know what you might look at the
sewer line for me i QuickTime fans in it
and it's closed all inside the sewer
line beautiful look good hook
it's time for us to go our separate ways
from David and his family there's two
you see right there rare where Abram you
guys are gone this is where David stayin
right here we've done our beasts I
couldn't set our place we got to go get
the electricity turn on not turn on but
we got to get it transferred spot-on
where you going bud I got that on camera
oh my gosh it just got that okay I got
dry freaking out on camera see they have
fun I really got to go
do you really want to go eat keval
mosquito whoops missed it yay I am
riding back knees with Juliet very cute
ruff I wouldn't let me to say
you
oh yeah we're here we're going to have
dinner with Katie and maybe maverick
sandy and Courtney I so like freewoman
have been having a lot of people at the
house for days and days and days and
days and now I'm free we remember their
first time actually officially my first
time meeting him outside of the
incubator thing was I called to you we
have the NICU but what was his little
bed colorful ooh
I select I knew it had a name we're
gonna have baby time he's so big how old
is he Katie he is four months old now
how do you always explain it because you
explain it like he's four months he's
four month old then he's seven we
suggested so he's the same size as a
seven week flesh oh my gosh that's crazy
Oh mom's night out and and Courtney no
no I was trying to stick this on my nose
but it's plastic because no I thought it
was oh oh let's do it let's do that hey
Dad I did you want to know something no
collagen yeah oh come on busy day let me
just get coming in today everyone's
asleep it's really fun hanging out with
you guys Comeau and with my girlfriends
and I'll be yes tomorrow don't forget we
love you remember too late
