where you guys how are y'all today I
have yet to get all the way already
but the kiddos just got back from VBS
and the symphony and I have had this
little project I've been wanting to do
for a while okay we're going to take
care of it whoa I was a little
here's my wandering team here we go
watch don't you too much baby we still
hungry we have a little space left we're
thinking maybe we'll put another garden
right there DB wonder where I should put
my in that hmm that's the perfect place
mama why what a cute little fairy garden
we obviously need a little more grass
right in all these squads but okay you
know one of the best things about summer
vacation is doing fun things with
symphony just long even symphony so we
have something we're going to show you
guys that Symphony loves and others work
all right Anthony one thing that we
haven't done on here yet is do a puzzle
of a picture so let's take one real
quick oh that's so cute we can make this
available to everyone or to friends only
I say we make it available to everyone
so click on the top one and that means
our friends and family around the world
if they're using this app and they want
to do a puzzle of you and me they can do
it they can click on that picture of us
to make us a pose a lot of us medical ok
so we're going to take that on for
another time we're going to go to our
puzzles here and let's think we can find
a new one let's see something new that I
had my eye on was from National
Geographic it can do endangered animals
National Park explore Australia look at
those cute little koala bears you want
that one ok let's do it ok so do we want
to do a koala bear and her baby do you
want to do South Australia some
kangaroos which one do we want to do
Symphony hmmm net
pretty feisty yes okay so let's get
started I start with the corner wow we
did it this gamer playing is available
on all of your major platforms that you
have and I think you guys are really
going to enjoy it for more information
click on the link in our description and
thank you so much - magic puzzles for
sponsoring today's video and a little
extra fun for Symphony and I this summer
yay it is yours close your eyes and hold
out your hand
Abram do you know what this says right
here is what does that say
Thank You panel well what we need what
we need Sam may have got him a light-up
one but I was the first one to buy a
broom a fidget spinner and it's pretty
stinking cool it doesn't lie that but
it's still pretty cool
Batman let me see it not Batman and that
is a secret I told him about in mall the
other day a lot of you guys are
wondering so that's it it's girls and
our babies we are going to go run a few
errands aundrea lives kind of far away I
think from the shopping that she would
like to do that right sounds like a very
true and so we're going to go to tangu
right over here and go to Carter's and
Old Navy and wherever else she wants to
go and then we have our cute little
minis with us we have a little bitty
baby coral oh and I have a tiny baby
Juliet
a little cartoon oh you look cute either
do little for Starbuck yours Oh cute
all right let's get our shop on y'all
wearing Carter's I'm going to email this
morning saying they're clear it's a 30%
off sauce and Andreia technology Haiti
one goes we play because we were talking
about going to gesture day it seems like
do i girl yeah I do
oh yeah girl
that's so you that's so you she I did so
good I just got these two little things
right here and just kidding whoo-hoo see
those hanging right there and have a bag
under four puffs yeah all of that yeah
are you telling Cory all about it you
guys sharing sanic must have another
baby deployment it's so cute the ball
would be fine oh you're gonna eat it oh
my good news little one Juliet six four
steps in a row mommy it's sad and happy
all cleaned up and I'm so proud of you
did you learning I really do it can you
try to do it again
ah here she goes to 3,000 did babe
I feel like once she starts walking
she's closer to her toddler than a baby
and that means all the hard stuff starts
like you know just her being client or
getting stolen none of that has started
yet she's so sweet sweet as ever but I
just know her be my third I know what's
coming next and 12 sad
little giggle I know we told you guys
yesterday that today we're going to go
to Oklahoma and get the keys to the new
house but doesn't look like is going to
happen we're supposed to go as a family
all of us David Michael and everybody
but everybody's just exhausted from that
line man it is exhausting trying to swim
in that thick line I mean for real
but um we're going to try to go tomorrow
symphonie wanted to test out the slime
on date here let's see what does it look
like oh the pool is really nice and full
can you stand up in it
Oh barely wow it's really cool goodness
gracious let me feel your hand no one at
the house I'm evil oh it's not too bad
it's not a slimy adjustor day oh it
still it sounds sick I just swimming in
it she's curious about it she's very
curious about this line mommy well this
good job baby girl you did good a
kingdom on earth so good Oh sissy slimy
Yemenis get her all of slimy it ready
we're going to quite not yet I'll count
we're going to get a boomerang 1 2 3 I
mean we didn't really get it can we try
again okay so you guys saw me go
shopping this morning and I have a
little added surprise to something that
I got so one thing I found on clearance
there was something for Abram he's
excited about it but do you guys Sam do
you remember these lamby's everyone had
the same identical ones when he was only
15 months old
daddy remembers and everything I
literally almost cried I have to get
into rocks where I turn around let's see
the front now run to me okay yeah so I
also have special Jamie's for Symphony
and Juliet too but they're special
because they match Michael you didn't
know but yeah I'm gonna get you one and
rate doesn't approve give me one here's
a bad one one just play a couple games
of C codes with Mike and Andrea and well
Michael you want both games
you were on a team that won both times
do you not simply send me yesterday why
does Michael beat you at everything
Jamar serious just amassing it that's a
kind of your Abram when I was up on the
slide another jump and I didn't want to
attest to hi Oh scary no I was like no I
want this too high I can't it was like
my dad is so brave literally yeah
absolutely they took my dad do it
alright guys with that we're going to go
ahead and say good night army what
better way to end the vlog man with me
being brave right okay don't forget we
love each other and remember what love
you what was it
I'll just tell you're going to get it
right absolute I'll be the hand that you
can hold when you can't make it on your
own I promise you and not alone but in
this together
oh yeah
can't play
and nasty
