we're guys welcome to what's going to be
one of our craziest vlogs slime and the
big swimming pool slime BAFF reached out
to me and asked me if they could send us
some slime to put in our pool I said
yeah sure to get so far 18 foot above
ground swimming pool a few months later
this arrived one two three ten boxes
with 200 in each box so what is that is
that two thousand unbelievable let's get
started
you bet we are thanks dude okay I'll
help
alright guys one's very last couple of
bags not three last couple bag of slime
Sam just ripped it open
and if allowed to do it together rip it
together yeah that's bad right this one
yeah starts together again we have this
right here we have this one here and we
have oh yeah get in and help mix it
wants to put the pattern
No
keep them coming
falling
these things are flying bad for all the
fun
Gaza capillary
business classes work that go back up of
water I know what that book for me 4/4
not it could be eggs might to be
relatively yeah it could be flying again
little bit it is the stretchy it just
keeps getting thicker as time to run the
keep getting better and there's like
still a lot of dry powder and rotten egg
locked up in the wet one no drugs
oh yeah we'll talk about it is to see me
for that but become tell you do yeah Wow
give you like a bulb or the ice cream
plus blubber sitting outside of the pool
what guys with my flubber remember run
away with moving
I'm surprised that Symphony is one of
the last ones in here I thought you'd be
one of the first out mom how you going
to get out of here because even if the
route really be careful walking out so
slippery all right okay so maybe I'll
need help when I have to get out
everybody's finally showered off we have
one bathroom in this house one shower
one working shower and it took us like
what what would you say to three hours
to two hours for almost to get cleaned
up
what's the lowdown look how much is on
top of the surface stuff floating it's
not like underwater at all this so sleek
and dense I should have did this at the
property local homeless we just brought
a pole there and it there this is a huge
hill I could just dump it all right on
your new property it ruin your property
right no one called my property would go
right down into the National Forest
would that be okay don't lie be here
that yeah just lime like that nuts guys
just not a little Logan is leaving
everything Logan we were going to tell
you bye we're going to be smart young
man he's talented and most of all you've
got can we see you again time to go to
bed guys thanks for joining us today
hope you enjoyed flying time if you
liked it give it a thumbs up hit that
notification bell I don't show tomorrow
we're going to go see our new property
and probably stayed a night out there
were fun brothers go camp out first
night we're gonna have the keys to the
play I think that's the plan at least
we're not officially closed on it yet
but should be closed
hopefully what time we go there - mom
yes do you think you got like all the
stuff out like what do you think we're
going to see tomorrow I I'll see you
guys there figure about ten to two
questions okay over you guys we love you
love your children Jenny I'll be the
hairnet you can't hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone but in this together
if we should say
please
