Juliet day good morning everybody we
woke up to a full house of children
today I have our Hawaiian mommy
exhausted she slept with us last night
no no in India Abraham's building a map
road thingy stretchy daddy oh ha ha
your mom wants everyone to meet in
Rockwall and go to the harbor I walk
around I don't know about that I don't
know to swim either here at David's on
to Maryland
yeah morning good one I don't know how
I've on so Alice Ames and I do because
you're so easy to blogging who are you
guys come on
they're all so precious so cute she's
bouncing in it
oh my gosh Juliette never goes in this
why she wants to be great
mMmmm how cute and like there's a snack
tray want some bunny
I know mommy daddy Lao
yeah when the door shut you can be loud
okay okay are you skipping enough right
now to play there's wrong walls on a
given mass you are skipping enough right
now I think you're going to skip it up
today
Oh Cora was fuzzy and it's calming her
down
Zoe's been a little over 30 days since I
shared with you guys my new skin routine
and I love how it's going so far I've
already done steps one and two now I'm
on to step three the ice erm I can
remember watching my mom do this as a
little girl thinking I'm never going to
need that anti-wrinkle II stuff on my
face I'm going to have perfect skin
forever now as I'm getting older I see
that was totally wrong and I'm glad that
I have found a regimen that works for my
skin I've been using lightning to do
this true science beauty system and it
is a four step process of plant-based
ingredients that make my face still and
look rejuvenated if you guys want to
check out LifeVantage
true science beauty system click on the
link in the description and thank you to
LifeVantage for sponsoring today's video
you guys have a skateboarding sandal dad
sandals and socks of that
what's up tell me the silly joke
my flats wool that's a joke so it
doesn't really hurt a desert then it's
not a joke
you guys remember these roads yesterday
they were flooded now they're dry it's
crazy
for the most part guys everybody's
mellowing out today my mom is chilling
with Symphony in Rockwall David's
chilling out at his campsite with his
family Michael just being a moron on the
Cape on
Michael it's do a little challenge here
okay
let's see who can last the longest
skiing on the works yeah we're doing a
ski style you got to start right here by
the fire hydrant it's going to be
awkward because of the speeds are so
different the knobs are so different
good luck my friend
he always baby man Wow tell my boss yeah
yeah I jumped off over there I did not
because I've got a beat you are real
yeah my bad yeah sorry but now we're
going to do another challenge where we
control each other's board so he's going
to control my board I'm in control his
who was going on that how do you win
that all right it's not about when it's
about teamwork this one's about teamwork
first time back all right
you can't go too far because a little
signal you can give me some speed
oh man there we go again I'm not
controlling my board
quick
let me down keep me up no no I nice 300
sorry I didn't you something let's try
to slow down my bag I braked ready yeah
give you some speed up speed for me if
you behave early I want to break it you
guys ready
I'm trying
I want to break you are a new challenge
we gotta sit on the board Indian style
it doesn't matter which word is faster
because you can't and you can't go top
speed sitting on same poem style
no I did like this what's our board a
drink of Lydell right you ready to go
with us yeah here we go cuz it's a race
to wear to the house
oh you barely read me I thought you're
going to wipeout
Michael tends to beat me at everything
it's kind of frustrating and it's true
you beat me in life that's true I do
beat him at life it's just dull denied
to him to give that to me
Logan's over and he is entertaining
Juliet and then right now bad you don't
miss to Sam and I actually just get back
from my meeting and everyone here held
down the fort for us Andreya even cooked
some pasta that I had spent all of the
people here so big shout out thanks
Andrea for keeping my role most it even
while hostess was away oh yeah Logan
showed up Bob come on and he was
swinging when I got here I really you
owe a bruh I missed you so so bad I love
you yogurt face
Sam and his brothers are outside in the
wood shop again playing this game that
michael created or or he created a
replica i don't know exactly the details
are you going to put shoes on Mike hey
what I felt like I'm experiencing a
little bit of Sam's mom's life in the
actual present right now Noah and Abram
are taking a bath back there but it was
just choral Symphony and Juliet start
out just the babies the symphony wanted
to hop in abused babies then Noah and
Avram trail and covered in dirt and mud
so we're like trying to dress the little
babies and put the big babies in there
so that the actual big kids can be clean
and Hardy out of the way
it's been like an hour over an hour of
like bathing children and like trying to
keep the already clean children out of
the dirty bashes total mess Symphony
crying so anyway it's getting really
late my kids are normal already in bed
right now but so much family is over I'm
thinking maybe we should make a fun
palett in the living room not everyone
and watch his movie I think coral like
that idea I like the way you think it
Mia I like know you think we do usual my
gosh beauty right yeah oh no where's she
going you're supposed to lay down I have
a job for you we need two more pillows
and two more blankets Abram wanted
animal blanket okay oh my goodness this
is a cutest thing
Captain America and Batman did you guys
try her out oh I think they tired out no
wait Batman's on the move again
he's on the move you got to go rescue
some people corrected some people's no
your call now garnish welcome kitten
vlog we're just annual oh yeah welcome
to the vlog at the end of the day don't
embarrass me don't not welcome to the
look oh so you know one set kind of what
if they come with a fly to breeze blogs
hi Sam and yeah I'm a huge fan I know
you guys probably won't see this but I
live right near you guys I went to I'm a
huge fan I want to meet you guys so good
think you're a huge fan daddies see that
don't be rude or fan basic sorry guys
know what I do not
I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not
but in this together
damnit yeah
and let you
