yeah
okay but and mash together my guys we
are at urban area ready for the birthday
party or Nia Nia Nolan and her husband
as you can see we have little bunny over
here we all slip in it was a very long
night as a wedding we got home pretty
late so the walk is starting now
there you go yummy puss you go now
that's the favorite tool in Italy oh
look a smash cake yeah - before thank
you it's Mashable left I wouldn't smash
I like totally fastball oh wow sure I
was just hanging from the back you guys
are jumping are you going
whoa are you going where's your sock
I'll get socks here
whoo yet you are one year but what what
honey what happened here what in the
world what it looked like it was an ATV
turn into it in like you guys did some
surgery on
Juliet has a little spinner that's what
I got a for okay are you sure
what's your name Carly hi Carly
welcome to the blog I'm Marilyn made it
hi Marilyn hi Madison Jenna we got
Courtney and I read it so Barrett we got
Lauren and heroin here at regret his
name Nicole hi Nicole ah the Chris make
it nice haircut
look great there's mr. Heath what's up
he has gone bro did you all thank the
fanbase Nick for the city all themselves
oh my gosh it's a newlywed how was your
first night yeah one details no I didn't
I didn't mean details I just want to
know
to give it the rope or initials on us so
I brought the champagne glass if it's a
wedding band
yes oh my goodness guys well P leaks out
on everybody all right P Safari sticking
out eat all these little kids coming
somebody give a little bit too big to be
at that table can be birthday dim Jimmy
go ahead happy birthday yeah let's move
the cookie cuz that's gonna be in the
way I think that's really pretty good
for that long eat it up
taste it okay and Bertie I'm gonna
nibble on it okay
do it
whoa whoa hello oh dude that is not
making the cut much we're not going to a
race and we're there we have to drop the
running in the same prayer so I could
get here
one two three two three
 good Ryan
betcha what do you prefer your brother
or your friend Yeah right
oh the birthday party was a smash hit do
you guys think was it a smash hit David
or what would you phrase it as a
bouncing bubbly time sure
yeah it was great I had so much fun so I
good we had a lot of friends come and
all of our family was there except my
mom and dad they came over the other day
to celebrate with her so yeah now all
you have to do is start walking so you
can join all this fun out here
everyone's playing in the road and
swinging where's your scooter Sam what's
outfit phanie Solly Logan - got blood
everywhere we haven't acted in on the
quarters another one huh who doesn't let
me see oh my gosh buddy likes painful
I'm sorry
hey disorder news oh just picture an
overview just like no and no one looks
like that oh my gosh it looks just like
you're feeling better that's farthest
away right there I don't know whether to
hurt you
click Michael upper spin on my lecture
Boris he was writing the atom word I was
on the booster
and I didn't realize that the battery
was the ones dead on his work so I'm on
my way to go pick him up now I was
trying so hard to impress him totally
blew it
it arrived my board broke down All Right
see ya what
so we're bored coops of sick and heavy
is that what it was yeah that's what it
was it wasn't fun at all the fun no did
you like when you pressed you know what
oh you know what
what I wasn't impressed are you really
yeah but well not more than I was
impressed with the hover board coat of
wood or their whiskers were staying out
so much better
oh yeah settling daughter it's my way I
could buy
you
I'm gonna get my kayak right here do it
on the side of the road I'm gonna get my
kayak guys the road is crazy crazy
flooded
love me love me oh person
all right
oh we're regards great for the trees all
right yeah we're kind ofa's cars stuck
in the water what a him do you know so
we're good Oh our guy I'm going that one
for good again sir
we got the standard
we're playing Settlers of Catan oh my
woodshop check it out guys so fun bring
some life into my woodshop I'm the only
one who's out here usually have my bros
liners pretty cool just really fun game
you guys played it souls of Catan it's
basically you know you settle yeah you
know it's about settling that's all
that's all about anyway
no but out will kick you guys tomorrow
thanks for joining us today don't forget
we love you learn and remember to live
each other I'll be the hand that you get
home when you can't make it on your own
I promise you and not alone but in this
together
and we can't pay oh my gosh oh you know
you're getting so big army and
