Wow buddy that's awesome
we're having a little morning coloring
today I even tried on a symphony when
can you go with Sam how many pencils
already Bunny's August pencils count
them one two three four five six seven
eight nine ten
oh this is good any written off to this
how hard of a name oh my goodness
who knew there were so many bunny bucks
a letter which burn rabbit yeah
bunny ha ha
what is that bunny Romeo it's hard don't
you show up on without throwing them
everywhere you go run Juliet address
that belong to me he has my daughter
there's a rack in it it's so cute and
dainty we are spinners I think yeah
you'll know egg picture after look a
yellow look at this yellow and I'm not
in the mood molded it down when it comes
when it get redress in what yeah in
there sideways or son
you can't hide it too tight around her
neck maybe yeah
yes miss it well no again there that's
better
Oliver Oh cute
yeah but look at your cards all over the
floor
well when I first went on our galaxy
into second almost 10 why so many
flowers with a wedding flowers mommy
made them guess who's here guys you're
not going to believe your eyes
it's okay okay Julia likes you that's
good good news it is not only see one
years old now so you know we're off to
the wedding rehearsal I get this much
fun brother I can see all the family
Richmond either Matthew
through David so tomorrow guys we're not
going to be blogging as I warned you two
months ago but I'm going to upload a
special which I'm working on now of
Julian's birthday just a day and I'm
going to do some other things with it
yeah
I forgot to put my cheese in the back
oh my gosh Samuel your shoes are soaking
wet and we're not even to be wearing ha
ha ha here it is there's the groom
that's what he's going to wear on his
wedding day right there he's going to a
disco party forget on the disk away
what's up John
have you met my brother Michael not OK
John my mom and Michael arguing is
usually not the new year ago myzel likes
nothing new here you know about what
even right here I'm not going for a
minute 'iv look three here's the
bridesmaids hi ladies there you go
here's a mirror he always loved your
sample girl I'm not sure nobody did the
usher for short secular de braga
Carter's gone first man I should have
been the best man I should have invited
to the suite
I am Aaron I hurted falsely beginner
level goes practice go deep and I
requires a lot of practice a little
after that I know right we're because we
got emotional birthing socio just take a
feel like you went too much now what
would it be saying for 20 minutes yeah
it doesn't be like a potty break
oh god he's ignoring you you can go out
I have my guest key this rental car he
left it in there try to teach him a
lesson a very important lesson you don't
leave prints of car keys around do mr.
lucky Mario you've been around with us
honor for me writing
anyway no dinner here remember you
remember I Maryland okay spin that up
Wow laughing a vision whoa look at guys
working here
Michael Sata it looks like mr. Ono mr.
Bob Hill job you give valet parking
what's for dinner
yes beep what's for dinner do they have
a microwave this is for but never people
yes yeah they're everything eats ah many
will go near a tree what it looks like
magic magic magic magic we mix it you
meet me after my mom's hours and another
skeptic why I'm here come in here now
you look at this mess father Manuel well
it's wonderful how many
98 98 days Nick you tell I don't get
exactly right here for you but I think
I've got more of a connection with it oh
wow Henry mom arms what's really crazy
is many shopping in a singular
and everything is on this battle's
arrived in India while eloping it was on
sale for the price for 98 I'm sorry I
did if I can get that to that right I
think don't keep it a long journey and I
had to leave it on your good what do you
want angle 90 years sister Michael gives
let's guess your pre-recorded give him a
round of applause thank God thank you
please I don't know it's all for you
sighs Adrian Tamra show me up was
horrible Holloman thank you all from the
producers tomorrow evening with you no
way
Corian come to Papa come to Papa okay
Noah you know higher choral public know
right every way to get my power know to
go home see like she got a little
overwhelming annoyed that she had to
make a choice
you are real Paco ha
oh gosh that's cute I think I wanted to
go to the camera tomorrow love it
mckaela mckaela this mission gave us
Marilyn we're home now guys that's a lot
of fun things get so crazy when all of
us boys get together but so fun the
thing we catch up most with is our
goofiness together you know doing catch
up on like you know life and generously
we got to catch up on Pingu be together
so we got a big day tomorrow guys we
will see you the next day I think guys
don't forget hey love you never to love
each other
I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not alone puttin this
together
we can pay
