we're playing with Hannibal skill Julia
and mommy are going around the house and
we're collecting patchable collectibles
these are all the ones we found this
morning Patsy do you want to find more
no come on let's go find some more you
see do we see me they stuck under the
pillows such a mess in here you guys
right there hi Maggie
how'd she say hi hats how are you go put
him in his home hurry hurry oh wow you
give him kisses yeah good job wasn't any
more yeah Jake yeah there's more are you
ready for a nap
no you just have blankie and Pasi and
sleepy eyes morning guys today is a big
day I won't say much more but brace
yourself it's gonna be freeing I'm
trying to decide if I should lay Juliet
down for a nap Franco it's only like
9:30 in the morning but she was up every
single hour of the night last night
except she went back to sleep on her own
all but one time and Sam went and put
the class animal so I'm not too sure
what to do I think we'll leave it up to
Daddy
Juliet put him back in his nest no night
birdie
no no Hachi all right baby I'm gonna go
bye-bye
Coria boho Oreo good girl
we're good to go I have some questions I
think I'm just insecure about I need to
tamp down here consumer so car did all
right come on girls time for me to pick
my retainer tape I wanted to go with
pink because I'm a girl but surely I'm
imagining it sitting out and getting
left out so I'm gonna go with white
guys I feel like my old self again I am
blogging in the car now because I had to
jet out of that office it ended up
taking so long after everything was done
I got my teeth cleaned and whitened and
had it just like everything one after
the next one little thing after the next
found out I have an infection where my
root canal was a couple of years ago so
that's really awesome not but my teeth
like so pretty SuperDuper excited you
guys I feel like my 17 year old smile
again anyway so excited thank you guys
for going along with my tooth journey
with me it's not over yet I've gotta go
see an ended on test before this
infection remember canal was but that's
gonna have to be taken care of later
because I have a jet to Symphony school
I got here first thing in the morning
and it is 3:30 almost I'm supposed to be
at Symphony school in 20 minutes and
it's gonna take me at least forty to get
there I know no sissy how was your day
it's full how was piano class okay
notice anything different about me yep
how does my smile look um no braces
that's it in pretty Oh does it look
straight I'm gonna tell I'm gonna need
braces
yeah you're definitely gonna need braces
alright if I get it that'd be cool not
really did you guys go to the wetlands
today Symphony or her rain boots for the
wetlands it was truly oh man are you
gonna try again tomorrow
what do you mean in a bag right just oh
so you could change out of them okay I'm
sweet home man that was a long day with
my mouth stretched too far
hi maybe my brought you a treat you can
have any candy out of there that you
want there's a granola bar in their
natural shape of my tooth can't even
shaved my tooth off I didn't show you
guys that I forgot to tell you - I was
very limited on what I could film today
but I had the sides of my teeth right
here shaved because they were kind of
pointed outwards and overlapping the
other tooth which I thought would be
correct
Symphony has some very interesting
homework for the evening let's hear it
sis okay so I don't think we'll be able
to say do this part it says write each
memory would on an index card have a
family member tape the cards around your
home in places where you will see that
whenever you see a word look at it and
spell it out loud I think that's a great
idea and we should totally do it but we
don't have index cards so we're gonna
have to get creative I have an idea I've
started lettering now I have all this
cool paper
so we'll just grab a piece of purple
let's see
favorite how many memory words are there
well okay I'm gonna get to cutting it to
three strips how many what I need to cut
it into if I wanted to make 12 we would
need 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12
so 4 3 times 4 is 12 1 2 3 4 good job I
see you're practicing during three
letters at a time like I taught you well
me wanna know what I learned how to
doing P no you're playing like that
mm-hmm
good job I could trade these three at a
time baby that's awesome
all right we're all done and it's time
for mommy to go around and tape them on
the house where should we go
oh no Josie doesn't like my suit but she
does like it yeah guys look at this
substitution I made I gotta explain it
to Sam it's potato soup but instead of
garnishing it with bacon I garnished it
with carrots nice yeah why just sticky
notes everywhere it's kind of freaking
me out a little bit and then stuff them
all over help but boy their vocabulary
words job so supposedly Symphony learned
how to play with what did you say three
fingers at the same time easy
you're gonna play chords now nice sorry
enough supposed to play your pointer
finger for those okay so that's what you
need to be practicing huh yeah
you try to pull it up with your mouth
