are you ready crease okay here come in
this together
oh happy birthday glad you like them
looks are bad come on you guys
it is morning Louise in today we're
gonna sing to it
happy birthday yeah yeah she's getting
her one-year-old milk are you in there
what's that noise sounds like a witch
you had a bunny so how you have to do
this buzzing
is it till wings Oh see no he knows them
ah success who knows it's your birthday
no occasion
Oh get your puppy oh did you get a new
look she's overwhelmed
she's no children when I met you you
were small and trembling and I thought
you might be a little buddy that's so
true
you're a baby
one-year-old baby you warned your baby
yeah it is one baby's one let me do that
for a while can you say hi to the baby
hi oh good morning everyone we're back
at our friend Amelia's hi and today we
get to choose our photos yes Amelia so
awesome to get them to us by her
birthday so thank you yeah you're
welcome yeah this is so legit you guys
we get to watch us alight so all our
favorites or her favorites I guess we
choose which Olympic one so here it
comes you guys want to watch part of it
was
oh damn look at that one she's a unicorn
on her head oh I'm really gonna cry now
yeah thank you guys enough enemies we've
moved on to bridge this is like some
almost one camera paint job and so this
is our brunch hour even though it's
technically past lunch right I have our
favorite and we're here because Juliet
loves her scrambled egg
breakfast was delicious every time for a
birthday afternoon at home maybe an
ounce maybe a cup camera ha ha ha ha so
thank you me kiss happy birthday sir I
am Erin look I have Stephanie Lisa's my
mom says like we couldn't be identical
in a lot of people's family like a
grandma really tomatoes really made it
she's really grew pacifically you're
hilarious
guess what are you ready for your
birthday cupcake Oh before we get a
cupcake we have a couple of things to
get in line and we're going to take this
little precious picture is the dress now
you guys it's actually a dress can you
believe it
how ready to go to be so her heart is
blue have we here no is he right here oh
oh I know you do I know you are you
ready for your okay here it comes
are you ready you're going to get on you
do not look delicious put it in my belly
Wow I'm gonna eat a cupcake on a cupcake
birthday to you happy birthday dear
hi
waiter cupcake water Indian Ocean sugar
her very first like real sugar you have
little things here in there but their
first taste of cake okay because I like
it alright okay doesn't look like we're
gonna get this one for very long as a
storm coming in I don't know if it's
cooling like pathos or coming towards us
it rained a little bit and stopped are
you ready to go to the campground see
your brother Oh wonderful we had talked
about going oh something like artemus
yeah well never rained someone came over
us but we got a pool anyway and we are
going to go to the campground that my
brothers stand they run at a trailer or
RV in a span campground it's so cute let
me show you guys better close-up I know
a lot of you follow me on Instagram
already but in case you don't or you
don't have an Instagram this is what she
did I just loved it but in case you guys
don't notice she's now wearing the
little dress that she used to have as a
swaddle it's just the cutest thing ever
you guys I love it I just I have just
had such a blonde today with her today
it's been pretty laid-back even though
we've done somewhat dizzy things all
spread out throughout the day and I know
I speak for all hours and I know I speak
for all of us when I said our family is
going to be more grateful that we were
given this precious
gift you know we lost a baby right
before we had Juliet and I just look at
her as such a precious gift from the
Lord as I do all of the children and I
just I love her so much you guys I know
you moms out there understand I just am
feeling it I did not feel so hard say
for her I know that what the year passes
it just slide where you know they're
going to kindergarten so thankful for
them last year a little sad that it's
over but also really excited ready to
see the new little thing she's gonna be
doing and mix here I'll be damned like
it that was wonderful
logan's I'm going to know is making me
I'm what's up Logan good our friend big
thank you honey
hold that I just got to push this button
here a brother David you guys haven't
met him never never met me they picked
up a couple of hitchhikers that's really
nice of you guys yeah they're just
hanging on the side of the road it's so
nice you did all we could give them a
ride they could come camping with her
you've always been so altruistic oh cool
who's sleeping up there look at Logan's
bedroom over there oh it smells so good
in here
so tasty now that oh yeah that's going
on the burgers oh man Dave the rubber
screws but the roads are made of gravel
here so we can't really ride off oh just
working out here cool cars will work out
soon the wheels are so big what was that
dude scooter didn't get any air at all
babies were just hanging out
this right here is Eli Rachel's newest
baby yeah hi Rachel hi she's using hot
dogs hi easy no work look he's an
awesome burgers designate oh thanks baby
taken to burger alone no pets in the
playground honey the bunny has to stay
out
hey Barney coming in alright hopefully
nobody catches us for daddy he just
watched this car really well and I'm
happy now hey remove dirt mud down it
what a great way to end our birthday you
guys should sing our happy birthday up
there guys the birthday is over well for
her she's asleep it's only 9:30 9:00 so
technically we still have a couple of
hours so I will just move on to comment
of the day and it's a really sweet
comment it goes to Sydney Elizabeth my
kittens were born today on Julia's
birthday that was so cute she looks like
a really adorable little girl too so
thank you guys so much for joining us
for our sweet little Bunny's birthday
today we've had such an incredible day
we're all so thankful for our sweet
little baby and the last year that we've
got to celebrate with her and we're just
thankful that you guys have got to watch
her cute little life unfold along with
us because it's such a joy to watch I
feel like it's a celebration every day
anyways we'll see you guys tomorrow back
to the wedding grind we are going to be
in full wedding preparation swing
tomorrow our rehearsal dinner Jenna get
my nails redone all kinds of stuff and
so we'll see you guys there
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other I'll be the hand that
you can't hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not
alone but in this together
if we can say
fantastic
