you never get hurt that's why I'm
freaked out by it a little bit really
yeah Oh
you are my brother you are my sister
they fight astanga love by the same
heart whipped up to bears love what not
to give Oh
and that's together three days we're
having a playdate today at hand orchard
we're gonna eat barbeque and ice cream I
see our friends I probably thought today
was Tuesday and Wednesday I knew we had
a play date scheduled but I was sitting
there editing and Lisa called me and
said are you filming
let me just rush right over there we
live right down the road from here so
baby right here it's called a strawberry
yummy buddy
how does it Hey so you guys remember
this placement last year this is one of
our all-time faves summer hangout and so
for experiencing it with our friends
from church because none of them have
ever been here before and they're all
getting all things peach peach ice cream
60-piece BBQ peach pies everything oh
hey bruh made a mess it's okay it's okay
hey Vern usually sets the record for
making the largest mess of anyone in our
I'll get you a napkin
don't worry doesn't eat it let's get his
message in one when somebody turns one I
got a picture of her in the doorway of
the hall in the same outfit but you know
seven years old version and I'm trying
to I'm doing it well looking you have a
nice corner peeking in me yeah okay what
are you picking up ah whoa Stephanie
laughs that is a nice cute
oh yeah so if you guys recall clamor
come here so we're like obsessed
scooters bro Mike those microbes in crow
in crow so kind kids are so spoiled
Thank You em crow wow this is nice
scooter - it's all like a rubber grip on
their rubber wheels these are nice
wheels to turn ugly
are you a little bit up a little little
pay your well baby can i I'm a I'm a big
baby
are you ready to come with your turn sit
down with your turn daddy just screaming
something oh happy day oh sweet baby
they're so fun
oh I'm called a that is how at times
scaring the go it's okay
Oh Symphony's making her feel safe oh
what a sweet moment a girl made the
helmet you want to borrow that she
probably doesn't need a baby huh the man
of my dreams
taking me up for a date with a scooter
in hand for me homers wrong I don't know
her I just don't like that
we're officially a scooter family now
they look so cute on me just ate some
pavement oh man
honey I just looked over your legs were
up in the air she was laying on the
ground on her stomach her dress was up
you got the wind knocked out of you
cutie yeah I'm okay I just like my face
planted the food the silver happens yeah
my chest
I like landed really hard on and like
straight months just oh I know
I gotta give in to hurry dozen wedding
soon shaking oh oh
mobile the cloud monochrome you're like
I'm okay I was thinking she's my cat
thing I was like I'm gonna wipe out
sooner than later because I keep going
really fast she had her thing backwards
she had it closed writing how did you
even - because that's not a turn and I
couldn't oh my gosh kitty cuz I landed
right here in this Rowley name written
arrow wearing a long dress and stuff I
didn't like you never get hurt that's
why I'm freaked out by it a little bit
really yes I like it so keep my bike he
doesn't want to see the full swimming
pool with the fully assembled ladder
that took me over an hour to make but
it's okay because I got to listen to
John Piper sermon while I did it there
it is as the beautiful this thing is
huge
how big it is the water still went to
that into the pool as you can see so
this morning I went to a chiropractor
and got readjusted or adjusted she's
tell me to come back this afternoon but
it was so painful kind of scared to go
back foot I'm feeling so much better
right now it's unreal how much getting
adjusted helps if you guys are having
neck pain go see a chiropractor
it cost me $50 out-of-pocket my teachers
would cover that summer but you know
what $50 and it got me right back into
shape I mean it was it was real bad it's
like a miracle being down you go anyway
I got
this lawnmower out of here check out my
workbench so far
ah
what will be my birthday I sure will all
right put your champion on her back no
do you guys like her special jammies Oh
tomorrow he is officially a bunny just
because she will be hopping happily yes
she will tomorrow not her actual party
what her party is on Sunday but her
birthday is tomorrow yeah
Oh big I got a purse right here did you
guys drop that light back there you
didn't show up that light oh sorry
have a good one yeah I'm gonna go back
to hit that light it's just a light you
wear on you I think Symphony was having
a hard time finding the perfect beanie
baby so she went with this cute puppy I
like it too how soft it is oh man that's
so cute that was mine when I was a
little girl oh ma I know I know I'm
passing them on to my own children and
you still get them this is oh man I
Hobby Lobby daddy putting the dog in
until tomorrow is it si yes it needs to
go on this packaging the paper Oh
because when you take them off of bags
that leaves a mark that way we can reuse
the bag if we want to you are seriously
the cutest then we can use the paper the
this paper not for mature birthdays and
Julian yeah you're right oh you are too
cute
we have our first guests coming in
tonight to stay with us for the wedding
weekend super excited for that first of
many and it is what guess I'll skip
comment of the day put the knock on the
door don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other I'll be the
hand that you get home when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone puttin this together
the home
hey awesome oh she fell over
