whoa
we're in this together good morning guys
we have a day full of errands the whole
Sam about writing you're insane
first off is the cleanest for Abrams
wedding attire this weekend person
depressingly on EMU macho Macho Man how
do you make the killer Bieber with Molly
oh hey my brother and his wife are gonna
be staying here when they come down
Sam's twin don't wanna sound good
did you guys see that I just twisted my
ankle coming down the stairs Andrea
bless her heart she realized that we did
not plan to have corsage is for the mom
of the bride and mom of the groom
I see this will do the trick they're
called comic-book symphony oh hey guys
take care and today I wanted to put the
pool in this morning but me and wanted
me to come with an Oscar but after cost
Tiffany I we're going to go get some
sand we're going to lay down some more
sand below where the swimming pools
going to go we're going to open it ahh
pieces by pieces my my stick
we're eating to court Roscoe has
remember good idea Java cops are missing
something so we're taking care of this
now Danny that's the Gator Julia like
blue cheese
no thank you we're about to see how much
sand is truck and hold what it's called
wash Sam hey here comes they were watch
close the window blood fill the window
that is oh my gosh
Oh
the other thing drugs to have contained
in the back
I'm getting closer and closer to getting
this part of the yard level hopefully
this time we'll be a little bit closer
next year maybe level I don't know
they like flat Teguise looks pretty flat
I think that'll do it I'm overthinking
it I am NOT going to get another load
last year it was okay we just had one
deep end and it was over there
and that's where I put the majority of
the sand so I'm just going to go with my
instinct on this one and just build it
some are starting right now yeah big and
she's a week the waters kind of coming
this way which is kind of a great sign
because it usually goes that way
enough came over here guys you want to
come see the pool how deep the water is
let's go see hi they're gonna log you
guys know you're stuck in there right
now rods not getting out until the water
gets up good coffee to swim out right
well I get super cooling put another Oh
level Travis closes oh well I gotta go
give me the hose I got the whole skillet
chimerical I never know what's gonna
happen in the back all right wait let me
get out of it baby
hey Rose okay it's a little drone it's a
water drone but here to go full blast to
get it up there
nothing is awesome every we go cool at
it man she's not too sure about it is
that cool
ah follow me
you're gonna follow me Thank You Super
Soaker for the awesome toy but just keep
it to us I'm sure not sponsor they just
hinted sir
once we go I should like to pull that D
bar summer so they can play on your loan
yeah so nice their time slickers girl
you want to skip over that loud at
dinnertime
gulping your leg up on the table this
corn is good honey what's in it what's
in the corner - then we got selfies no
Parmesan cheese
no cheese all right what is it Thank You
Boake Greek yogurt and commercially
interesting every we'll see some cool
Bob's here we go
what
daddy would he do it on the tip of the
camera while your vlog on the glass
that's what it looks like mom come on my
screen exactly still see hey cool dance
does it have done so does it that that
is that the doesn't does it's a dollar
deficit sir it's time for comment of the
day do you guys like how the corsage
turned out this is number one like it
turned out really good I didn't really
follow like I'm shaving right there was
razoring what I love it was he loved his
new razor
I love the new corsage is for the mother
of the bride and mother of the groom
this is the first one is soft make
another comment on the day goes to Ania
Bartlet I need to see the behind scenes
of the making of the marshmallow man
don't you worry that will be coming your
way very soon we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other I'll be the
hand that you can hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone
we're in this together
damnit
if we can't play
