I wish done only marshmallows in here
and what does and there's together good
morning sweetie
how are you guys today getting breakfast
ready
what do you saw that so they will smile
what a beautiful sight come up to all my
children sitting on the couch I think
their daddy had come in look John Leckie
whoa that is a lot of marshmallows get
all my life no I met right here a room
here would be so awesome if we had Lucky
Charms with marshmallows alright so
that's good why don't we make a wish for
marshmallows only material yeah I wish
them only marshmallows right here and
what does
what do you have it there thank you
what is that guys hey only lucky charm
lucky charms marshmallows guys people
are gonna wonder who did this the only
wonder who made that wish it was us what
do you mean you made it so that kids all
tomorrow couldn't have their own
marshmallows only box I know you're
aware yeah you made it Vogel to
everybody look it's in a real box Lucky
Charms marshmallows you guys Lucky
Charms is running a sweepstakes and
giving away 10,000 boxes of Lucky Charms
marshmallows look for specially marked
Lucky Charms boxes at retail stores
nationwide check for the code on the
inside of the box go to marshmallows
only dot-com and into this code and see
if you want you can thank us later
