the mortar guys how are y'all doing
today I'm about to play paintball my
brother and his friends here this is his
first event and bachelor party I didn't
get to put a target on the Internet
where's the victory I'm going small what
you can hold he doesn't get his but odds
about the back right there they're not
bend over man Oh PC Symphony stuffed
animal up there she's looking at this
stuffed cat behind me you guys want to
hear the story behind the stuffed cat on
the fridge let me just tell y'all
doesn't really matter how she got on the
refrigerator
we're just explain to them why she's up
there and she's up there because
yesterday Symphony mommy do you remember
that sometimes a repetitive consequence
doesn't always work I'm learning that a
symphony gets older so I tried something
new I said go to her bed and out of her
three favorite stuffed animals that she
sleeps with angry tear off any okay no
yes I want to get you Teddy now fine
with me I know that she has like five
that she really clings to what did you
think I was going to do with it I'm not
that you are going to come on
I know sometimes a mom especially as our
kids go from terrible to to the terrible
horrible breeze or whatever they call
them these days and now symphonies here
almost seven what worked for her in her
terrible twos does not work for her as a
seven year old what worked for her in
her terrible twos did not work for a
Behrman is terrible twos and won't work
for Juliet in terrible twos either
sometimes grounding her from a specific
thing work sometimes grounding her from
all screens in general works and then
sometimes something like really random
will work because it clicks she
remembers it so I think the key to
discipline is consistency but I'm
definitely learning that as they get
older it's okay to change it up you
don't have to always do what you've
always done as long as you are still
always disciplining at the right times
and in the right way so the show that I
have mellow mommy bit for the day
Oh
Scott Irwin estate got one on the side
hey Lester it's so long hyah aah
what'd you say did you hear that yes you
can I like you I love you it's you
everyone
thirty can I ask you something
what why I love you Megan Oh Pat my head
babe you just missed it you may have saw
her first step but I heard and saw her
say I love you and three times in a row
can you see this I don't know to say oh
look at you grow good neighbors all
friendly Allah hey I know you
Matthew
I love ya Wow she says it the same way
each time we say it I just need a few
line that touches for the Bridal
Bouquets symphony your job is first I
need you to get one of these out for me
please I'm gonna get will you carry it
around for me right now okay one yellow
one no they don't need five of them
Symphony would you get me four more
yellows three hey there's another yellow
and right there right over there right
there okay
these white ones right here I need you
to get four of them so one thank you -
all right go put them in the buggy
we need our hands for everything so put
them in the buggy ass yeah I love you
like the mailboxes in a cupcake
so it is urn like a basket of flowers
yeah that's the one you wanted yeah I
wanted to get a one this one's for
Symphony you have a toolbox of daddy but
me and Symphony have a fairy garden
Symphony and I need an official home for
our fairy garden something that we can
keep outside and take it yes you can
help picking something like this
or something like a z handle so we can
live in relative okay I'm glad you do
yeah sometime like something like this
would be cute to that one to me don't
you do do you want this to be the one I
like that it has handles because we can
move it around you know that one's not
going to work for a very hot and sweetie
is this one okay so we have our favorite
sitting out right here is there any in
this pile that you don't really like you
don't really like that one done that
one's my favorite
no we really want to get that you do
yeah it's really big alright guys game
changer I'm like a little stand there's
a table on top that could be for hours
very darkness like that too but then
again if we get this we can put it on
top of the little table that's already
outside this is the next stop format
this bachelor party
blue smoke cigars I think we're going to
be doing some poker
some people beer and cigars only don't
do cigars
this is legit it's really dark in here
there's all these options I didn't know
where to start
so the deal is everybody has to buy two
cigars I should buy I said the top and
please give me two beginner so I'm going
to try it I'll probably end up giving it
to Matt or something it to gets a great
cigar that's a Nicaraguan cigar it's
full body I don't think it'd kill you
particularly be added with a decent
bourbon or Scotch but you don't want to
look fast
here max up there for me
you're going to do the bigger one right
or is that good anything I'm so small
right
yeah ask them for a flavored one ha you
said you might leave your man card
giving that one rude
so the trying time you're not supposed
to inhale it so it's kind of wishing
along your mouth Hobby Lobby was a
success we are home now and it's
actually dinner time daddy still out
with the boys so here's what we're
having corn with a little mango and
organic chicken strips two windows one
of the simple pleasures in life is
getting too much chick-fil-a sauce in
the chick-fil-a line and then getting to
reuse it we have chicken strips for
dinner yummy eat and then like okay you
know what engine a one-man goat now I'm
going to eat one whole chicken strips
and then some corn and then another
warmth and another thing from there and
that's how I'm going to do it these are
yellow today too laughter if I have oh
my goodness you're so cute
how's the chicken guys how's the mango
amazing of the house the corn MSN Abram
Howser corn that's not nice
so far Matt Nidal winning at poker
injured how you don't like I'm hot
okay now we're being meaningful if you
think so that's embarrassing lay back
well II please don't run anymore
ah you don't want any wolf oh okay
open up your mouth ah stop don't close
your mouth okay breasts time would you
lay down for me I don't want Oh
don't close your mouth don't close your
mouth see this now squash more you're
gonna card good my cars over where you
asked me I said enjoy the last favor but
for your bachelor but your life Adam
that premium
see man yep when I feel free hey guys so
the kids are all in bed and I'm going to
work on wetting the case I feel like
since I stopped selling wreaths in my
Etsy shop I really love crafting again I
was getting to a point where I didn't
enjoy it very much
and it was taking away a lot of time
from my home and my family and stuff
what I'm going to do right now is take
the flowers that you saw shopping for
earlier and I'm going to strip the vine
all done so comment of the day goes to
Isadora savage oh my gosh I just watched
the video when Abram first walked and he
was playing with Teddy in that one too
it was meant to be that Juliet walked
today she found Teddy because Abram was
playing with Teddy the day he walked - I
just think that's such a cute and
interesting little detail I'm about to
pull it up on YouTube over here and
watch it anyways guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other I'll be the
hairnet you can't hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone
but in this together
we Chasse
