hey everybody take the brand remesh
together on YouTube my growing YouTube
just look just let you know we're having
breakfast at the fourtner's that's a lot
of eggs while Nicaragua teeny yeah
that's what it is really like I'm gonna
watch the major FOMO when I'm not in any
party totally yeah means Tiffany unlike
j9 their kids yeah if I was going to
Nicaragua Chile few families like is
learning the blues over there sounding
good Mike even Juliet likes it she's
just staring
oh hey Bronco I'm learning so much again
just a syntactic basic thing put on your
little stepping stool you don't have to
work this out and you go right now but
that's that is I think you need a second
15 you're listening we're talking about
Nicaragua we still have a crisis ask
another favorite bracelet or often watch
here is really big on Tylenol we draw
with it then it might be the village
kids that come in and everything else I
think at this point it's kind of
secondary you know whether we actually
go into the village whether we go to the
special new tone or go to lucky like I
don't know how all those things are
going to work out but I do know that the
majority of our focus is going to be ad
orphanage did you hear if you went to
plan photo shoot they are not home oh my
goodness they have really gone oh my
goodness they're all so I just called
Andrea and she told me that some of them
are really friendly I think I want
either a white one or like a Velveteen
color happy birthday
she'll probably look at you more for
Julia and Julia is it yes it is
Juliet rising I can't even handle her
she person oh sorry yeah buddy come on
let's go
Sandra's birthday it's uncle Judy's
birthday Captain America something's
going on the guy lately and so he says
like a certain hormone has is being
secreted on funny almost gave it to her
and then she was again yeah Teddy
doesn't have a mouth he does not have a
mouth he doesn't have nipples either Oh
creddies it's teddy bear Oh what it has
a bellybutton
how does the strange thing I'm daddy
just because an auntie bit him right
there right there company had a stuffed
animal a baby I'll let her tell you a
little bit more about it but it was out
Angelou favorite spoke animal said she
was like a newborn he loves ready doing
he did taking it from urbanizing it
basket huh she walks same we're gonna go
celebrate and drivers down
everybody says hi whoa crap this is
Andrews a birthday requests on call miss
Harris had to really can't sing it's
funny
wow this is looking beautiful here and
here I'll bring it in again damn follow
well Victor grilling bro okay everything
looks delicious and thanks for the
cupcake thank you
we'll give you things simple tonight
we're going to John mustard and ketchup
hamburgers I like my mistake we also
have chips pickles
what do you think before about Andrew
down are you like going upside down
everyone why do you think before Andrew
oh that way go ahead happy birthday to
you - happy birthday to you oh my gosh
shows a fireball
why are you thankful for Andrew reinjure
because he was ever that I never got to
heaven for Andrew
because the Bible says it should be her
brother
it's for adversity and Andrew has given
me a good amount of working electrical
as a Christian happy birthday Tiffany
got a dream Thank You Tiffany
Joe I know I'm not the baby what what do
you know
Sippi discovery love interest i birthday
not mad yeah though sorry bro
ain't had a real thing for home that was
so funny I'm thankful for you Andrew
early I'm thankful for you so you
familiar thankful village it thankful
that angel is mister apartment well
maybe says I'm also thankful for Andrew
sighs I feel safe when I'm around him
unlike my other brothers
what course things have to I'm going to
and you want to hear something specific
I am very thankful he's such a great
oval to the kids
you walk to me yeah didn't you call you
man wealthy I'll say what you doing on
the ball okay
shouldn't she just took one step in one
fourth day look ahead like a
sensibilities around oh yeah
missed it okay carnage is perfect and
beautiful
happy birthday Andrew doesn't oppress
cute you wonder to get who made it
memorable so cool ah good job baby
try me I'm into it yeah tell me anyway
yeah oh look you need to know that
the beauty can't keep oh she's not going
to do it yeah I'm sorry honey yeah
today it's been really long good comment
of the day goes to when I picked on you
did I didn't save it aut xx lol can you
guys please put the song back I really
get juice to them the best comes on yeah
we'll put about your hair alright guys
we'll see you tomorrow it's going to be
another busy fun day that's the party
yes
Matthews bachelor parties tomorrow
Andrea's is the next day so it's going
to be just one of those weekend's for us
we're busy busy busy but I'm excited to
be home all day with all three babies
it's been a while don't forget we love
you and remember I'll be the hand that
you get home when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not alone but
in this together
No
Oh
and we can say come on cap
