we've all been waiting for and there's
together breakfast yummy
ooh I like sleepy I will see you guys in
just a little bit I'm headed to
something useful shows your first grade
award ceremony in 12 minutes per school
exactly 12 minutes away I miss the
worries for your sins
all right you didn't come mmm
hopefully somebody else I guess fuck off
my little second grader and let's go
home for a scholar Brad I think a great
home and we're gonna hang up on this
little project she did it to go really
quick whoa that's pretty cool Symphony
what's it all about tell me about it
well I'm it's when we were talking about
visit the helmet of salvation and this
is the lip of wait the lips more
anything okay back in my natural element
you guys crafting with flowers and
bright colors and hot glue and what's
this little cutie right here oh so many
cuties in this room is unbelievable so
there will be some type of encoding
device right right here and I'll show
you like honey happy how about like I
made that it's pretty good here's one
final decay let me show you guys the
finished product
tada Jinger is arranging her bouquet oh
I love it it's all done and actually
looks really pretty like into the screen
I know like and realize that looks
really messy but into the screen it
looks pretty funny yeah just pull a
little bit out and like push that down
and secure it over here and there well
shake it around go get in the car guys
whoa whoa whoa hi beautiful
Hey
the security guys a real-life funny for
Juliet one year photoshoots and rude
what's up guys how you do could die
oh hey dirty it's embarrassing we are
off to go get something special I've
been outside grinding he's ready to go
to Walmart they don't have to Annette
Molloy
hey mi fess arguing okay I'm gonna go to
full and well full on that okay it's the
moment we've all been waiting for we're
forgetting it most I will be lifting and
flushing and much I lost it but she's
reading walking you're too cute little
bookworm I'm proud of you that's awesome
that's a sight I love to see we're
getting pulled and symphonies busy
reading look at that these are the
moments I love the caption they have
some massive polls astray guys last year
we have a two offices like 16 foot
making foot because we're so late
getting one but 26 footer you did a 3d
action full you really want to get that
let's go bigger
I don't like it this is the one we got
last year right here let's do 22 all
right so you're saying it you're gonna
see that is changing that would be I'm
Your Baby Bottle
LBP yeah me now we just wait we wait for
a worker to come find us and put in the
back of our truck well how long is he
going
like drop the pros and cons of 36 we're
getting bit more I don't think it'll fit
in that area after I put up this that's
right yeah and the ground is really
uneven right there so I'm going to dig
up quite a bit if we get into I'm still
going to dig up a lot or just put in the
front yard Googler
you might be redneck if you put your bug
ground swimming pool in front yard for a
while and the swimming pool all right
there's our man mr. James he is the man
of summer 2017 can you guys say hi James
not right now
let's go never a dull moment middle one
you'd never a dull moment
forget the formal no less never citizen
of the city we didn't stop there you
guys we got the slide or the babies it's
going to be well swearing pull them go
away
that's good wait kid you pooja clothes
on are you doing
no why you know how water apple just
like this as a kid I think I definitely
decided I don't want the pull back there
where it was last year but I have my
slide over there okay I don't know why I
said definitely cuz I'm gonna put a
float here
Oh
note to self the trampling cannot hold
its own weight you cannot put it on the
side and roll it that's what happened it
been this thing is nasty I'm not always
together you guys have a small one this
is the biggest one you could buy and
it's bending when you put up on its end
we need some brain store in here that's
not helping Oreo cookie all right guys
I'm gonna try to fit it for this narrow
space here should measure first my
glutes
Go Go Go move back to shake oh I gotta
level this area not gonna be able to do
it today because we're going out
bye baby have fun with couch cam camis a
nice girl
Cammy ever been on the vlogging like how
long a year it's been so long
how you doing just visit cheerleading
and what are you doing right now
softball cool well have fun and thanks a
lot we'll see you soon me and I are
through counseling session we've had a
counseling session in a long time
probably here I think all marriages
should be in some kind of counseling
regularly we're not doing it regularly
but maybe have somebody that you can go
to in our father anything right now
there's nothing that's honestly there's
nothing that's going on between us at
all um this is kind of hopeful at put
electic thank you I like our refresher
for us because it's just been a really
long time we've been so slammed with
traveling we have family community
yep thanks guys our meeting went really
well me and I both learned a little bit
more about each other it's really cool
comment of the day we're going to a
random one tae-hyun baby 19
congratulations
did he wife have a baby yes she did
her name is Lila All Right see you
tomorrow don't forget we levy I don't
member tele trouble I'll be the hand
that you can't hold when you can't make
it on your own I promise you and not
alone
but in this together camera stopped
recording I don't even know what they
got someone are you do some stuff in
case we didn't get it
