so tomorrow birds were great with watch
and this together for two years now I'm
crazy this is the same outfit Symphony
wore on her second day of school and
this is her last official day Tamar
break it and meek what does it mean and
we use them get so ready for summer
break what are you excited about summer
break that I get to be with my family
oh we can't wait to have you home all
summer that's the best part of year
summer music yeah I'm going to live it
or a tumor great for two what those
today your last day or tomorrow
put the water
I guess this boy
so tomorrow birdies going to Great Wolf
Lodge we're not going
I'm time funky shit we got a horn wasn't
you okay hold on yes if you got a hold
on we're playing putt-putt I grew up
with large that was insane felt it all
outside of it it's 11:00 a.m. do you
know what that means it means lunch time
is in 30 minutes for you you slept in so
late going through a growth spurt
getting taller hey guys I just washed my
hair because I had a ton of free time
this morning Juliet took a very long
morning now and a from just woke up at
11:00 a.m. and I was able to clean our
bedroom the living room I watched
Dancing with the Stars finale while I
was cleaning and teams had squad one I
was kind of rooting for them kind of not
but anyways I would like half and half
between them in the grand Paul guy we go
bloody breakfast of champions aren't
there days
sandy wanna see our race for summertime
or for those in between hey y'all it's
cool I can't see okay pissed off oh he's
just proud of his mommy he helped me
make it
I love it
we're having dinner with the Aldrich
family tonight and so we are going to go
to Walmart and get things to make a
dessert cannon Wagle hi guys welcome to
Walmart and did you just welcome our
viewers to Walmart and Clinics going is
baggy oh my god you guys will check out
my view at Walmart this is outrageous I
can't even handle it do you guys
remember as kids we had those little
wooden tables I think it was like guys
we made it but my grandma always had a
matter house and her little pegs and
roll different colors and it comes with
a wooden hammer wooden mallet and you
just hammer in the holes take them out
hammer back in and that's it you just
hammer for fun that's what this feels
like bringing me back to me as the kid
hammering pegs in at my grandma's house
so amazing I love wood see your buckle
right now believe it or not it's easier
driving this buggy from this angle then
from behind them my goodness you guys
are so sweet
one two three oh honey I can't lose my
case I love the life what the kids are
doing outside
I'm going to water my tomato plant from
Symphony on Mother's Day let's see how
it's doing i watered it pretty
generously before we went on our trip
you haven't wondered it since we got
back oh it's doing good it's still doing
good it's a little dry but it just needs
some water it's there see somebody so
cute I can't wait till they start to get
red in there get a while to go but
there's several
what sex buddy yeah dancing around I
wish they made the Rings a little bit
bigger
how'd you knock them down there you got
quite a punch
so Brooke ah what my food is so pretty
what anywhere you've got my attention to
ask me why your booty so pootie every
can't take that out for me bud animal
I'm okay
there you go come on
I'm nice living you know ah keep going
ah just a little bit of bone showing not
too bad this little baby is just loving
the blueberries right now blueberries
what are they I was right on the little
chalkboard world we love the Raiders are
single motivators we don't have a
chalkboard someone put thankful for the
Aldridge's and set it right here
hopefully they'll notice it when they
get here blue or an arrow big loop are
you in here early oh no dude we don't we
don't like unexpected yeah
yeah just go up block and fell for 20
minutes I'll be great see hey man give
us 15 minutes we'll be ready for you
guys okay okay I gotcha dude young look
at all that picture but some may see an
Ava cutie-pies that's the best way to do
you know
thankful for the Aldridge's man which
one over I shouldn't like connected I
type of TV article or the collide links
and kind of an recall you know - oh my
god I'll run it out I've never played
that before good I'm up for it
it's basically impossible to get the
rings on the world leeward yeah hey come
on that is easy
hey he fell again - easy
oh you got one okay see my record nobody
thought to thank you guys for all the
albums let you guys bought you know how
many you sold yet I actually had no idea
that I'm assuming it's 1.2 million 1.2
million album sales yeah and he got up -
would you go up to 40 the 40th chop I'll
run an idea I was like 46 on I've seen
46 of the so if you guys haven't checked
out you can go check that's a really
great album but yeah so you want to
thank me yeah I mean I just really
appreciate Sam basic for just supporting
supporting album it's been a blessing to
me just to kind of hear how it's blessed
you guys so just thank you so much and
yeah and for those of you who haven't
checked out yet I'm gonna leave a link
in the description to the iTunes who's
also selling it on Google Play and
Amazon you will and that's what his
album cover looks like if you're curious
comment of the day bill and Creek just
so you know I have braces and they stink
the first week they're annoying and give
you thoughts and the wires in the back
stick into your cheek I don't think you
need braces Thank You Bell and creeks
I'm going to let me know you so that as
soon as she gets out of the shower
hey guys we'll catch you tomorrow when
I'm not getting a swimming pool today
hopefully that'll happen tomorrow or the
next day don't forget guys we love you
and remember to love each other I'll be
hairnet you can't hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone but in this together
Hey
