hi hello pretty baby are you ready to go
into my appointment with me don't hate
on my shooting today you guys I wasn't
in the mood to search for matching shoes
good morning Tony no Thursday I'm at the
orthodontist I'm having a consultation
today to get some braces he came to
think I'm about to get in that machine
you're just going to take pictures of my
feet and I'll do it this little girl why
do there alongside what holder wear it
you can play okay
baby baby hey I know that looks like
mommy and daddies but that's not for us
to touch this is for her seasick looks
look like cavern the back turn blue
tractor oh but baby dentists hey you can
you be a baby dentist this movie to the
side away from the pump oh boy
so soon to be me that's me guys yes
luckily they're super chill here about
having babies right once in so sweet so
awesome thank you everyone
hopefully we'll have her with me every
time an appointment but this is one rush
gotta be hands-on and I don't have to be
like stuck in chair right such as
probably future appointments I'm going
to be stuck in a chair yes well that was
fun I got a little hectic towards the
end Juliette got really sleepy so she
took a little nap and now we are at
Hobby Lobby we're getting some flowers
for Matthew and Andrea's wedding bouquet
okay
you guys are having like almost exactly
the right amount for what I need I've
got a little system laid out right here
we have four prizes one two three and
four then we're going to put these in as
accents
so it's going to be kind of like this
where it's kind of symmetrical but then
there will be little sprigs of those
popping up throughout I'm super super
excited and so then I need a few more of
these one two probably three and now I
have the bride flowers in my hands guys
this is so fun about what I did getting
here I've been a little stressed because
we came last week and take out
everything we wanted and I thought there
is a slight chance that everything could
be gone or way less of what we needed
but seriously there's like a surplus
it's like they got new shipment and
everything we need is here
maybe wiping them out of one style of
flower but that's okay okay miss fussy
pants we are going now let's go pick up
Abram from school okay he's got mom I'm
done with these errands I want to go
home and take a nap 3:00 p.m. and I'm
finally done running my errands I left
early this morning Holly what a long day
hi guys
did you have a good day at school Eileen
oh also did my weekly grocery pick up
pick anything up right now oh no me and
her hat looks pretty cool guys I fell
off my skateboard the first official
ride I still got to go this one looks
like butt and right here right by the
neighbors I've looked out from
underneath me because the road was a
little bit slick oh no Frank severe kook
I got abrasions on the side my daughter
I felt so hard for him but I had to
admit was kind of funny it wasn't
serious that's what I'm saying is kind
of funny I wouldn't be laughing at his
shopping honey you worked so hard
getting all these groceries yeah I don't
know I mean I don't even have to do that
anymore it saves what you get since you
go back to your list you just ad ad ad
ad ad ad ad and industry really Queen
amazing is it closing every good Russia
shopping in like 20 minutes here at home
then the drive up there and back is
another 20 minutes but seriously save so
much time I would probably pay for it
it's free and I just love it Walgreens
the Walgreens No
they took $5 for it and I heard that
their produce is better but I'm always
happy with the produce that I get when I
do this so I don't know the one
complaint I guess I have is that if
they're out of something they'll replace
it with something different which isn't
a problem I'm not that picky but this
time they were out of the chicken
nuggets that I wanted for the kids so
they gave me a chicken strip are you
ready for my face me full of medals
mommy can be hard to kiss me oh yes they
loved it when I wore my retainer
and it's big oh so cute what what are we
doing baby baby you can't climb that you
know being out in nature has shown to
decrease stress and children do you know
that but yeah that's right there are
signs to prove that the less kids are
out of nature and the more than in front
of TVs the more likely they are to
develop ADHD and ADHD is on the rise
like crazy I mean the charts like this
it's nuts guys get your kids outside get
them out here I was feeling a little
anxious today do you know what I did I
came outside and sat down within ten
minutes reading my Bible outside I felt
amazing I was like wow yeah like finding
treasure what's under yours what's under
there a hand wow that's my treasure you
guys something we haven't done in a very
long time and we're excited to do with
you guys today is open some stuff you
guys sent us we had closed down RPO box
for a little while because we just felt
like we didn't want you guys thinking
that we had it just because of send us
things if you want to send us some love
comment on our videos that's the best
way to connect with us one-on-one
because we do read through those
comments we do respond to comments as
often as we can and another way to
connect with us more personally is to
follow our personal Instagram account
years ago nine and at sample photo we do
have a fan account which I think most of
you guys probably already follow anyways
No whoa whoa whoa whoa
this one is from Hannah havens this one
is from Nia is saying old oh these are
samples that solicit your money for my
hair I think we were chatting on
Instagram next up we have the walk
family whoa what we get ah oh my
goodness is said love each other that's
our slogan this is the most beautiful
sign I love it it's gonna go in here
somewhere for sure it's turned into a
mat snowball fight in the middle summer
how could it be you guys ready
on to our next one yeah we think we know
what's in there it is from Deb
Blumenthal dr. pie my pen - Scott oh
cool and here's your's a room it says
driving with my tractor and key thank
you so much I I I'm gonna love this oh
oh I know you will simply love bananas
good stuff
as a bunny
to painting all mothers and sisters in
play
do you know what it says going that way
bei sick wait fan to the B is it is to
the I see I think that's really cool
brothers and sisters forever that it
visit thank you very much guys next
one's from the Dominican Li we get the
cute little note on top I want to take
it off see what's in there this works s
him on that one oh my goodness you guys
Yankee somebody works really hard on
these many famous oh how good just fans
match with our cute blue chair and it
even coordinates with our our blinds
over here a little bit I mean our
curtain Oh everybody wants to lay on
their blankies and be all nice and snug
as a bug in a rug
no bug inner nozzle bundles oh the last
one is for mommy and I kind of saw sneak
peek into the box so you guys want to
look with me oh my goodness you guys
wanna show us what is Symphony's going
to do the honors
go ahead mr. mommy gotta pray see you
going keep going
what does that say right there there
yeah miasmas I got a plan I got my own
fun button oh yeah me and s me I mean ur
ruined at all I can't believe I have my
own play button I just can't believe it
oh my goodness
y'all I'm not trying to brag or anything
but since Sam and II received our silver
play button
they have majorly what is it upgraded
it's so much bigger I can't believe it
oMG I just love it it's so cute hey guys
a little last-minute surprise for all of
you I mean I'm real hey sniffing another
very first see here I think we're going
to go with this classy number for
tonight Abram do you like my dress yeah
your buddy all right guys let's go to
this recital I'm super pumped about it
is it something to happen last minute
because Symphony missed a class last
week due to our vacation her teacher
wasn't sure that she was ready and
prepared but turns out she's going to do
just fine and the teacher said that
Symphony should come she could come it
would all work out and so we're gone
are you ready sister do you think I
think you are
Oh
okay hey guys
the night is over symphony did really
good at her recital tonight and so did
all the other kids did you see what
things got some special packages today
guys thanks a lot again those blankets
are incredible and that sign is so cool
matches this room perfectly so instead
of dude color of the day today we just
wanted to just share with you guys in
the grief that happened in Manchester
yesterday we know like there are just so
many people hurting people all over the
world because of that act of hatred sad
times are living them guys it's why we
gain more views a lot of people question
how could God let something like this
happen a lot of people say that one
thing like this happened but the thing
is we're kicking out of the country out
of the world we're not praying to him
we're not going him like we should be so
why do we expect him to have his hand
you know in the world in our situations
it's like we need more of him and the
quicker we realize that the quicker
things will become better but yeah good
way to put it
and we guys will cut you tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to well
each other yeah shoot aren't Adele cute
that was like that was a really cool
project
did you to mess around like kinda make
no
you can't always
you can't make it
we're in this together
