good morning time to believe - the aim
today you have a dollar
what did you share dollar with a room
yes for Donegan dollar that's shocking
yes you're gonna have your mom a table
fan basic is the most improbable just
because it wasn't in any change I might
not make it back
remember alone here check here
no fear no dolphins nothing
Chloe I love you but I will come back
move on without me
find a better man
but chickened out
I kept my eye on a fall backward
No
I would like a factory
the player
Oh
seventy
No
on
oh my god
check this out this is all cool think of
an entire collection almost 30 pairs
oh yeah bet we are about ready to go I'm
going to put some blankets away really
hyper just crazy very mr. Saur better
I'm gonna miss you now you're gonna miss
me a little bit well I can try again cuz
every time you be what you try yeah this
time in New Year we do we're not usually
okay exactly
you don't cry out those situations right
I will talk to you and we sing in this
market a good show is over weakness a
good point to go we're taking a vacation
to Constance
let's go vacation another house honey
for a movie you're taking a case in our
house
don't you like the house is more
information from sputtering families we
have a monkey - next it's a trick no
wonder you have about two and a half
week - you know - yeah yeah so Stephanie
and I are going to Nicaragua and mission
trip together it's going to a
daddy-daughter thing we're going to
Google people from our chair of course
being hanging out with kids at an
orphanage speaking Jesus in children
help support them and help them do
things that they may get done over there
should I pick that one why you're not
even on the right game that they told me
anything really
when we set up mommy and daddy where are
you
performance sadly we just left and
stuffing
Jessica or should I say they left our
and we are checking in I have a
splitting headache I never get headaches
and so when I do it's like the end of
the world is something to my body but
why putting these on
hey can you hurry down so bad
this is my second serious when she turns
out bottle up be 2.6 you gain 26 pounds
since our last ships not allowing
families anymore
no pounds over there I'm on buddy
they're not accepting families here just
Columba wouldn't make your famous feel
welcome
stop your families I've never seen
expelling that we can are sleepy baby
hi CeCe
oh she's also tired picked about a
45-minute nap in the hotel this morning
went to ten o'clock it's also
prejudicial sleep the entire plane race
my goals here for keeping her awake we
all just had live
we have McDonald's and California Pizza
Kitchen everyone's nice and full nice
and full and not thirsty this is a
recipe for good nap on the airplane
except damn he's parking his roll booty
awesome alright
we landed in Texas it was good kids did
really good except they were he was a
little bit one you on flight a little
more for the normal are you glad to have
landed in 20 line it was a bumpy ride
wasn't it
hi cutie pie or how was your flight
really wasn't it amazing what movies did
you wash on this place Wow
you
knowing there you go Symphony Haven
where's yours
where baby then one zing one playing
would you leave them on the plane
mommy went back and got them for you I
rescued him for you and look who else
you left what hubby you always turn
under these and Daddy you you guys are
so hectic weekend with him and a room in
the airport now hey we're not good at
keeping whispers buddies sugar to go on
vacation on the kitchen of the house men
home to the tiny blue house feels good
to be home wait do you have a key
do you have a key oh yeah where are you
in the world is sitting by the door guys
what is that finally got it guys belated
birthday Sam remember gosh she said she
could get that for me for my birthday
well cheer for my birthday and Father's
Day Hey missed you and really really did
miss you
we're eating a very very late dinner
from Jackson bar huh what do you mean
feels so good to be home now you guys
are glad to be back with us thanks for
going on the awesome trip with us can't
believe our time at Great Wolf Lodge has
once again come to an end but you guys
we have some really fun things in store
for you this week we're going to be
getting the Raider family summer pool
we're going to be getting ready for a
ton of family to come in town and and
wedding all fun things this week it's
going to be jam-packed so fun and really
looking forward to all these events
coming up can't wait to bring all of you
guys along with
us if we have any new subscribers
welcome to our channel we're so glad to
have you here with us make sure to
subscribe hit the notification bell give
us a thumbs up and as always leave some
comments because we love chatting with
you guys we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other I'll be the hand that you
can't hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not alone but
in this together
Oh
and we can say
and
