we're in this together uh bunny morning
guys
Juliet is going to taste bacon for the
very first time don't you guys want to
see it Oh
consult attention money you can pick she
always wants food what's going on you're
not going to believe what Intel oranges
we have some pretty fun plants today you
want to tell me what's going on yeah
felling two very tiny plant number one
number two and you're gonna clean this
awesome one number three we're gonna go
swimming oh yeah your friendly Abram hey
Sammy
did you pay nice that's cool you can
pick from three different ones who's
that they made this world
Oh
that I have your song at Lindsey but
it's a wonder I guess he's actually
called Great Wolf kids not over there
just just so do that that's the one
year's deciding on violence almost ready
for the pool and I got Juliet a little
toy this was going to left out of the
buyer a little toys you but she got a
violent wand and it blatant rubbers you
can chew on it she's very cute but not
ask you to the other baby sister that's
how cute this pilot is generous friendly
gentle warm-hearted and careful Bradley
there is unison sweet image label and
clumsy
well oh here comes e ribbon we don't
call her
we're going to play a really fun game
I'm so excited
come on we're going to Medellin looking
for homes
we're looking for something on the
security cameras Sounders go inside our
next door
boom
are you
Thank You Vicki there I love you Rachel
this is the end we made it to the
clubhouse so thank you baby see what the
world are beginning to ride again you
don't know it's one but we're going to
get on one right and you're in first
chicken out on me are you
I
I had
Wow
no purpose and I feel this great
I'm
Oh
in video
Oh
yeah
Oh
I'll be the hand that you can hold when
you can't make it on your own I promise
you and not alone puttin this together
if we can say
and
