then we went to just shoot her waterpot
and and to make it like now in the back
you go to build a bill in this together
good morning Banja to be today as I said
guess who's here with us today I don't
know who know this but my aunt Stefan is
here but you know healthy healthy too
what's your name introduce yourself my
name is Jessica I've been here before
you've been here to the script with
watch right now Nina are getting ready
to leave to our little conference thing
with Matt Brown and Greg Laurie have you
heard a Greg Laurie Jessica do you want
to walk with me protect it with your
life
all right they're online yeah if you
need help something help you make sure
it's always on video right here look up
here make sure it's on the video camera
I would say check this out guys this
churches at Wallops Airport a room must
therefore look as a room it doesn't
campaign I suppose we're watching the
tunnel we're set what kind there's weird
Abraham's high around what you're doing
over there hi baby
volkoff's be worth that go like to drink
what colors it's really been a dream for
a long time for me but thankfully now
I'm able to bring three really good
friends along get the same experience
definiteiy bruh what you get but what's
that they're matching what do they do so
this is how flogging is done this is
America rectify himself yeah don't work
for yourself eh oh this is my Redemption
moment I am second guy okay so whereas I
am second run
what was this back in November yeah and
it was early in the morning I didn't
have a lot of this and I said am joy
instead of emoji I almost messed it up
again Wow look at that ping pong table
oh man
one horse I got to make one of those
round three laughing that is maintenance
a leather net oh there it is sweet -
like ironing can you guys guess what my
favorite thing on the shelf is I want to
guess what a big thing on this shelf
right here honey
Yellow Sun cream you betcha I didn't see
any right guys what a real Gumby oh look
at beetles are in the window okay so
what's my favorite thing on a something
guys what did the family chromatid jet
says made nothing made in there oh man
this is the coolest toy show
actually if you guys little again what a
pair of you hated my crazy hair Oh
where's my unicorn air it's coming
coming coming it is coming I was going
to actually I was a big among Eurex
you know where does knowledge comes out
what your quote Malachi the stain on the
final strength the flame of a lot Ilona
so we want to talk about the state of
revival hi guys well Sam they're out of
their meetings so right now I'm just
hanging out with the trail children a
rubber duckie struck
can I get up rot and Symphony over there
beating our cheese pizza drinking our
sprite you got about like four hours of
salmony again back
hi guys this is Malachi we've had an
amazing
have you ever look at page let's get
together dance party at the convention
yes totally camera a very are not there
right there like 106 to make connemara
like hey guys good morning : so you you
guys are getting married since we
already know that press the world guy
what's the name of this Eric it's a wolf
oh it's cool what's her name violet you
guys it's a brown Pacers get thinking in
can we throw the next one in December
and you see we'll see you are in
November in DC okay cool till then see
there all my handles are at evangelist
Matt graduating that and that's just a
matte Brown speaking to everywhere
like Jessica I can walk baby the way I
think we're gonna go swimming do you
want to get back in the water play me
for a meanwhile I took an axe with me
pick it up you guys want to know last
night Juliet screen non-stop for like
what would you feel like an hour and a
half maybe two hours I was saying I
think she just thought I was in her
place she's in a strange place people
were walking around and she was happy
Oh
every dark
my life from
I
Susy
one who got stuck in the hall
how'd it get out of it
that's one though don't call her
there's a grave the biggest waterslides
and it was amazing in this symphony
right to be one I'm so proud of her yeah
my guys but we do grateful slides I read
today we're gonna go to build a bell I
really wanted to get baby Ben Lee baby
Ben way you're gonna get some when it
you're the character you want yeah but
what did you want something to do to
earn build-a-bear nobody I and we were
afraid we went on I am I wanna go better
bail I'm and I told him something Abram
did it because he went on a yellow slide
and I did it because I went on a
grown-up slide okay
Peugeot know they're gonna be devastated
you guys are close you don't like being
on camera no guides they're closed
I'm sorry
we'll come back in the morning no we're
not leaving it nobody come in buddy you
go get it something yeah all right
a little face you see the bubble
we have been busy bring your dancer
there all right yeah stand or the fam
basics
get with it there you go all of my ear
I'm not playing but come on come on yeah
come on I mean why don't you play the
chords and it's singing
well guys if that doesn't tell you the
kids are tired and we got to get into
bed I don't know what does Abram is over
you're taking each body's length we will
see you guys tomorrow for another
fun-filled day hearing great well I
never get guys we love you and remember
to love each other right I'll be the
hair neck you can't hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone but in this together
we can say
how'd you look anyway went to a water
park with the water Striders Dale okay
