gonna go see something cool you're like
in this together hey guys how's it going
today I am on yet another packing
rampage right now I am getting a pair of
jammies for Juliette luckily I packed
extra clothes for our last trip so I
have a lot of things already in
suitcases that were so clean from
clammer con that are going to go to the
next trip with us we're living tomorrow
and I can't we were going to Kathleen I
will father left I seemed like and it's
like dirt oh hey guys I didn't see
you there it's been two days since this
has been happening missed you guys
really didn't miss it
I missed this I miss it so we took off
the past two days because we're two
vlogs ahead so now we're back on
schedule this vlog was yesterday's
footage no more old footage no more of
that stuff
good
I'm a mortars I have to go work at
Symphony school now so bringing I was
just working his tail off out here how's
it going good work son this is therapy
doing a lot of therapy making a hunch
honey a hunch I'm not a hunch that's
gonna be awesome
I have to go work at Symphony
schoolhouse Juliet napping see though
she's like Cyr oh my god she just walked
up like anyways I'm going to head out
and I'll see you guys in a little while
we're going to go see something cool
you're gonna like it you're going to be
really excited to see this little update
we have for you that is a tenant because
we're wondering one on each side isn't
that great see things come together look
who's up it's princess Jules somebody
yes I was out here with Matthew working
on my wood and I was like what can I do
with Julian well we worked he was on his
computer I wouldn't had to put on the
trampoline literally she was entertained
for at least an hour
it's like a big playpen that's perfect
for what I'm working on here
all right buddy staying with your sister
Flo and rip it all up kids are stuck in
there now
oh this one goes here look at that that
is like near-perfect let's try this one
this one's not as perfect there we go oh
there we go there's a pair of legs that
does the job well done nice sturdy legs
but we're not done yet we still got to
glue it and do a dowel in each of these
joints fro y'all and it's hot and Texas
super hot I just worked traffic at
Symphony school and I was seriously all
this is so gross sorry but I was like my
shirt was like soaking wet
like at Sandy's house and they have a
rhino can you guys see the rhino if you
can find the Rhino let me know in the
comments below take me on the tour
things on the tours okay so we're
already in here they need traffic - hey
Jenna Oh
oh wow well she almost touched it
it's Jeremy Allah when's the moving date
we can make him have a play date that's
really what I care about we get the four
words in this video
Sam and Symphony are going to Nicaragua
and I'm going to have ten days on a
mission trip in every turn
we do not have quality how you treat
somebody Jenny about tonight yeah you
too you went to Sears oh hi buddy
did you eat chocolate or mud definitely
mode Oh baby I love it out here
good job guys let me just make it a
little heavier for you cake favor mum
okay turn that way turn the wheel to
your left turn it toward my car okay hit
the gas and turn left good
oh they're free I just can't wait for
our land in Oklahoma this is so the life
I love it love it love it dirty kids
nobody's whining no one's like I'm
hungry don't watch TV I love it out here
don't play on the dirt pile now came a
kid drop out playing darn funny I have a
little surprise for you
you know how daddy has his tool botton
things that he does with a room come
here don't tell her what you saw behind
my back please school you said your
Little Snitch
I'm not done Jessica I'm here to start
growing your fairy garden and make it
into something really cool do you know
what that is can you tell about it why
it's a slide for your fairy see it it's
a flying I'll never break yes Maddie oh
it was perfect
can you see if she can fly over the
bunnies gonna go for our first little
edition she got me a salad you got the
kids this madness all right guys he's
gonna drink out of a big tough mud could
I you I know everyone your tune you want
some milk in it nah I thought I think
it'd be cool for coffee but after seeing
it looks really gross to drink over oh
and also I forgot to tell you guys you
know how they say you always find what
you're looking for in the last place you
look
well we fell my wallet and the first
place that we look good a where's that
going cuz we did I call it the happiness
it was that Home Depot we called up
there because I thought I left it there
and they said it wasn't here Tiffany
Sierra's house up and down so everyone
went home people and the lady
recognizing is like hey did you get your
belt Gold I was beside myself absolutely
just like I was just so ecstatic
especially when I found out I had a big
check in my wallet I had forgot
completely about oh yeah I couldn't
believe it I was like how did I forget
about a million dollar check kids are
going to bed extra early hydrogen see is
still daylight out
here's Abraham's new Captain America and
this is where his collection is looking
like the comment of the day goes Acadia
costigan when Juliet was dancing didn't
not look like she was gamming what a lot
of you had to say I should have no I
should have called it baby dabbing I
almost it suggested that to you and I
thought you must not have for a reason
see you tomorrow and Anna hi waking up
SuperDuper early now we are in going to
bed super just latest we hit a very
early ticket I'm get me started guys
she's mad that I get it I'm not mad a
button early tickets because we pay for
a hotel room if we don't buy hourly
ticket we get there later in the day and
then we waste a whole day of paying for
the room mom's would get up in the
middle of the night with their babies
and then have to get up early morning
and get three right here I'm one of them
not mom but I definitely get up you
don't get up in the middle night I'm
Juliet not ever
no not like I do so totally do you've
got enough with her in the middle of
nighttime maybe two or three times in
her life
oh come on yeah I'm really out of it ten
there's a sofa yeah sorry guys this is
absolutely no way don't wake up
that often I'm sure there are so many
she wakes up every single night she
wakes up more often than not lately it's
kind of
anyway guys this custard breastfeeding
will catch you tomorrow bright and early
be there or be square what you guys are
already square so funny I almost forgot
guys don't forget we love you and
remember it's a 90/10
I'll be the hairnet you get home when
you can't make it on your own I promise
you and not alone we're in this together
we can say we have an early morning
tomorrow are you ready for our early
morning
