and this together
hey where you going what cooking coffee
again
okay till the fan basic mothers out
there happy Mother's Day
making me a muffins here beer
I'm sorry not be and I hear she's only
Oh it'd make her a cup of coffee okay
I'm going okay this is a perfect couple
Melissa no that's my car no that's my
time cutie go get in there things were
awesome a room that was courageous
whoa buddy you got a room it's from you
too mommy
you got it for Mother's Day everyone
tell what kind of wallet with it that's
been it's a dippin dots well this one's
from daddy and Julia Oh
cute mommies with all but my love for
YouTube dear mommy I love you
oh Anthony Nexus - thank you welcome I
also made you breakfast thank you some
good that'll be for you and me now now
we need to add to a daddy forever okay
we'll see how this man does do because
Sam in the kids world we saw much this
more you guys it was such a perfect
morning it started off with lots of
snuggles and kisses
they all got me such cute thoughtful
gifts it was such a perfect perfect
morning for me I know we're toasting
this vlog a few days after Mother's Day
so I hope you guys all have just as
beautiful of a day and I have been so
far
welcome to reach Rockwell fan basic
Tiffany's or shades now you want to know
why you wear shades
cuz you have a bright future happy
Mother's Day tramp
where's your purse remember guys I want
you to be on your second best behavior
I'm going on my also that's our over
achiever like perfect Hennessey for you
oh that's good
but for some of us our longtime great
relationship are not players you know on
what things you think of scenario right
which are aware of how good is to go to
a loving mother who's your refuse your
strength and your help and that is
ultimately serve as a sign with your
arrow pointing to your savior we have to
fan basically came to see us guys this
is Melanie Melanie right and Rachel and
their pair so happy Mother's Day be
mouths a grandma is a blessing you can
earn family happy Mother's Day to all
you see is violence in mine I wrote the
name human oh my god Oh awesome
symphony used to ride on this big in the
territory today oh my goodness oh that's
why she recognized it so well oh hey wow
wow new traditional Mother's Day I just
tried something up just to see how ago
they were hey guys another day I need
you to help mommy and clean your own
roof today most of the big kids in the
room cleaning in oh my it's looking good
in here big girl
then Sam heard it going so well he's
like oh and what can I do for you hmm I
guess clean the living room and do the
dishes he was like okay I'm just like
so good I just don't know what to do
with myself whatever started to clean
you a breakup and what were these ginger
here Juliette are you gonna clean your
room thanks for cleaning your room yes
you can't eat that
oh I got a elbow pounder okay
oh hi don't ya what you're going to do
it oh my goodness in your sand for so
long oh man I've always wanted to make
one of these from symphony okay I just
want to let you know that's why I've
been blogging okay not six but like
constant I've always wanted to make one
of these with symphony and today I get
to we're making our first ever fairy
garden so we're going to put it kind of
in the middle see how this is a tangle
house
there's our chandelier have been there
alright next step was to put these two
together and then these been is the
porch height
we have to weigh 30 minute for our soil
leaks ready and then we're going to
plant here here here here and here
telling Annabella ok our soil is already
too broken apart now Abram can you put
it in my room for me all right
did you put it on my desk oh why do we
play and they just have food but he does
it but that's ok and that little boy was
holistically like in the House of Lords
office as soon as what you can little
pickling you know I said to Aiden stop
and stop you know how to fetch it
dear God please bless this food to our
body Lulu that means thank you for our
food was very thankful dear God please
bless into our body
oh sure you guys are kind of confused
with our posting schedule this is coming
up pretty late Mother's Day anyway guys
we'd love to hear one unique aspect
about your mom that you're thankful for
what does one anything about your mom
I'm very thankful that even though she
is technically my grandma she was always
very hip and cool with my friends
growing up and with her style and my
style and I just I really appreciated
that growing up but she didn't carry
herself as like an older lady or my
grandma and I love that I just really
always appreciated that no no that is
very unique
I'm sure she's thankful for a lot of
others I am but that's a unique one the
number one unique thing about my mom
that I'm thankful for is her silliness
for goofiness and the way she doesn't
take life too seriously yeah I love how
fun she is alright guys we'll catch you
tomorrow tell us what you guys love
about your mom you need forget loving in
order to love each other I'll be the
hand that you can't hold when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone
but in this together
we can't pay you have Ingram that's from
you too mommy plays Mother's Day not
Abram
