it's really part fun guys together a
blue berry Dona and a jalapeno
philosophy more a fan basic how are you
guys today
Tiffany got me up bright and early hi
I think or you got suspicious because
Sydney came there crawling and then it
woke us up and I saw her on the floor I
was like sitting doing to get your vote
and she was pretty my ear we gotta go we
did it
if the doughnut shop was a cover-up what
we going to we just gotta replace this
broccoli
I was getting a vegetable place okay
whatever get definition I got some
tomato okay pretty card beautiful with
the card in this far that's right we get
back for restarting suspicious look we
drove up to that baby who we know there
the baby no I know I'll put it on the
ground like you said your mama for years
back there waiting to
good morning guys how are y'all doing
today
Symphony Juliet and mommy are headed to
see someone very very very very special
and I'm so super pumped
you guys are going to be excited you
haven't seen this individual in a long
time and I am just leaving everything
behind leaving the house a mess and we
are going to go see Emily Belarus on
this boat oh good is she such a married
girl now oMG the first time hanging out
since your wedding oh my god yes how's
married life created a good thing that
you like it because it's kind of
permanent rather yeah so we're going to
grab some lunch with Johnny and Symphony
scaring me Anthony's oh yeah we do like
your socks those are some crazy
hey they kind of like your backpack leg
apron we're here but we made it we're
here you excited oh you know your neck
oh sorry buddy is we gonna be fine this
come to stomach bad guys oh we're
hanging out in Flower Mound Texas today
at the cotton patch and I the dressed up
for you to bring your fancy shirt with
buttons in the back hey after you little
man go all the way do that
who are you come on I am trying on pants
for Matthews wedding hey Dumbo
get ready get some jitter pissed off Oh
talk so talk hello I don't know sorry
not a new workout my fidget cute
bpop so you guys know I've been on this
planet and tiny healthy while the
Flint's part is over but children tiny
healthy and Emily women question about
our healthy change we decided for today
we are off our diet we are going to have
fried pickles yes symphonie you are
really showing Emily and mommy up you're
eating so healthy in portion control and
alright we're a little bit was some
shared a nook you don't go Andrew whoa
dude those are nice pants bro love them
this beginning we're gonna measure
really yes I'm going to go ahead and
metric or put my leg oh yeah what I put
my leg it's actually your arse yeah I
said yeah my almost Alessa yeah because
I gotta get your waist usually a size 34
pay for what you get
Jake so we're both taking like half of
our meal home but it was really
delicious huh yeah okay and we're back
to go to a park Jill says gonna mommy's
gonna come mommy's friends fennekin
and Juliet it has been walking what's
miroku's he just wants to see yeah yeah
ha 36 is too big I knew it
we're going all the way down to a 35 oh
yeah just excellent to blue fire yeah
you're picking your color right now man
what yeah it's gathering at the color
yeah well we're deciding between two
books
don't be rude young Cameron okay all the
details today the best for last
we're deciding hopefully it will work
out like yeah like oh we both said yes
perfect she stands Ronnie oh hi guys I
forgot my debit card I know I left my
diaper bags at home the fam was using my
debit card on our trip and he gave it to
me before I left you have on the table
and we don't have my back pocket from
such entertainment if I don't
it's really not too mad to cover the
cost of his glance not you or $200 pants
are they really kind of dollars all
right I'll be really good 100 neurons go
from there so he's a bit man huh the
official best man users yeah closes why
am i last in line yeah am I really I'm
legend I want to make sure your face is
always bored on the vlog from now on I
can't pick up their tunic it thing I'm
hoping my car will decline please return
to Japan
now we're heading out the marshals to
get some white shirt because the shirts
there were 44 dollars and that's on sale
excavator Wow okay always going to go I
beat you what a beaches pregnant I
didn't really do that you know you have
a true friend when they want to hang at
the park after not seeing each other for
like eight months Emily wants to play
don't lie we used to have some fun on
the heart there's like no shade here you
guys know maybe you don't know but I'm
not exactly the park mom I don't love
taking my kids to the park I know that
doesn't sound very good but it's just
when there's so many of them I have
three kids and now a little baby the
best thing for me to do with her is walk
around in a stroller but anyways there's
not a lot to say but I did bring her a
blanket to play with there's some shade
right here hey you know job the great
tall do you need to join who are you
going to do any tricks for us today or
called or not is the Dare night going to
the bathroom in deliver have you acted
strapped are you in the woods hey Raquel
there why can't I just wear these dude
there's plenty of these I'm a minute
then I'll sell these out looks so great
after your destination wedding boy these
are cool
hey when that mountain I know
okay so comfortable with money white
shirts Andrew found kind of a white
clothes kind of like a Bulldogs out of
here you go come on over come on Marty
five oh you guys Harlan I've got to go
to Utah group all right oh my god we're
gonna see all your time now how did you
leave it there question right there oh
come on buddy
say bye toddy toddy angels you're
taking a little break it's hot out here
hard out here for your babies half of
Emily's Bridal squad came to the parks
hangout the other half sore dozen or
missing two of them still but we are
going to split symphony and Julia be
really tired and as you guys know we
just come back from our trip so we're
gonna do the monkey bars and head out
just for you
opening a little box
make it last okay the three dollar piece
of charcoal it just won't bite crazy kid
got to get my phone fixed finally can
you believe it but still there you see
that blue line I'm fake this is nice
dude you polish your screen here that's
how bad it is you guys didn't believe it
the guy walked out bar is going that so
my thing
another Captain America look at that
guys this is really unique looking right
there break that I know what you guys
are thinking ever missed we love is mind
actually got this for me cuz I'm the
collector but he gets the Polka and talk
put it away the cool cutter day I got
leave this guy okay guys and one thing
that we have to get down before tomorrow
tomorrow's Mother's Day is paint a
little special surprise on Bebo's
Mother's Day cards white would look good
really good
julia is snacking in her high chair
symphony man would you step up to the
plate right here yes
literally to the plate did you know that
when you put the heels of your feet
together just like mommy's doing they
make a heart
 Mother's Day honey guys I'm
standing on the second floor of the mall
look how strange the people look from up
here oh that's a big part here's some
more people guys hey leave these things
wait why their bird where's their birds
down there
interesting everyone's going to pick out
a new wallet here we go but you get to
take one of these up here pick your
favorite one okay the one that you want
to get mommy oh that's uh put that up
there out of all these up here are you
sure look all these ones you didn't look
at them what about that do you like that
one Wow
what'd you like the dippin dots that's
some you buddy you're going to give it
to mommy tomorrow okay for Mother's Day
okay but you know you want to give it to
her tomorrow
because tomorrow's Mother's Day gotta
get your whole foot painting my sling
oops that's okay perfect oh no you can
use a towel okay now do your other foot
give a little and get it all nice and
handy that's a white heart now let's get
back onto the tower okay this is
symphony final product and I think we'll
just write like symphony right in the
middle right there don't you think you
should have some I go to my brother's
shop in Florida they're taking or as
lower than two hours they said another
15 minutes and it might be ready
16:34 25 here
oh is that right yeah ii i wanna do all
nice and shiny a wonderful photo okay
this is a little product of Juliet's you
guys it's a little messy but people will
love it because her babies made it for
her
what do you think Symphony you like
necks I'm sick kill who Symphony likes
her shimmering so remember him don't say
anything about Mormons Mother's Day
presents can I had totally okay
yeah but don't mention what we got her
okay we'll give it to her in the morning
okay Diane ooh are you serious how many
times I hated to say anything
what are you that I cannot believe does
the first thing he says is hey womb
Raider you know what a sweet hug it's a
big one so much okay got a monkey house
going on right here right wait wait
listen you get this tips get your feet
in tank I think I'm gonna need to put
your foot down
once they're dry we're going to write
Juliette Abram and Symphony or simply
and big and I made a little guess what
we are about to announce what if you
just we have decided on a dare for Sly
Fox family you guys gave us a lot of
suggestions a lot of them were fun some
of them were gross some of them seems
like kind of dangerous
all right Sly Fox family we dare Andrew
to turn hand of hair and it's through
unicorn here all day long all day okay
how Paulo in public yes
maybe a Walmart shopping something yes
and Andrew has to do the unicorn hair it
can't be someone like a hair stylist I
hope they wouldn't pay your style is
just doing here hey people are I bet
someone's watching who's paid someone to
turn their hair and unicorn hair let us
know in the comments I've seen it it's
really cool looking - alright well we'll
see you guys tomorrow don't forget we
love you and then members Colette each
end and check out Sly Fox
go tell him the bear I'll be the hand
that you can't hold when you can't make
it on your own I promise you and not
alone
puttin this together
if we can't pay
