going on about you are my brother you
are my sister
they fight a stain no fight a stain
heart went up to there's love we've got
to give Oh
wha-wha tennis together more cute yeah
better to be to the NSSE camera car is
officially over you guys are bald like
you found your hair in the back oh yeah
take it off because I think the sound
would be better at all guys are gone for
a new look
Shh all right kids we're eating
breakfast ha ha how about somewhere
faster we are looking for the best
Joshua trees we want to get you know the
best experience because this is our
first and probably last time to see a
Joshua Tree they grow in only a few
parts of the world or a few parts in
California this is one of the best parts
and then the rest grow in the Middle
East are you guys ready Junior Ranger
here you go you're a junior Ranger take
your pencil do your activities every
door hi this is where we stopped we're
going to explore the area and go around
me take big steps
we all wore sandals out here before we
all brought not a great place to be
walking around in sandals so guys Joshua
trees actually have a Christian origin
which is really cool
yeah all right bud person who named it
thought it looked like Joshua praying to
God it looked like his hands were up in
there can you kind of see how it's kind
of reaching for the sky you see that
yeah
and the faces in the mirror yeah they're
actually called yucca trees but they
named the Joshua trees for that reason
simply looks cute on a rock well you get
a picture of that
when I come down go check out that area
it's like a little oasis could be a
mirage though I don't know might be
hallucinating starting to really hungry
and thirsty up here it's interesting
guys when you come out here and you're
surrounded by nature and surrounded by
so much beauty there's so much detail I
there's so much to look at it's like
your eyes can't even take it all in it's
kind of how I felt when I was at the
Grand Canyon and so much it's so grand I
mean that's how God did it he wanted us
to feel small and man that he does
nature but the really cool thing about
it is you don't feel distracted
I feel so distracted when I'm around
man-made things until distracted from
who I am who I'm supposed to be but when
I'm out here even though there's so much
to look at like there is in a man-made
environment I feel and touch more in
touch with myself I feel less distracted
like you're gonna go to God and just
just want to thank God for this right
now
thank you God
you
I knew your poop by exploding me so I
can't get by yeah I want you to get like
this cranky woman got here but he seems
to be calming down a little bit maybe
it's the serenity I wasn't really
thinking good nature is a dangerous
place buddy right nature the dangerous
place their spikes those animals as
rattlesnakes so that's how God did it he
didn't want us to be protected and
comforted all day every day he wanted to
put us in an environment that was a
challenge I don't know how else to put
it
I wish I was more eloquent but all I
know is both at these dangerous
environments were made for man and you
just can you just know it when you're
out here right buddy yeah brave guy man
the owner come get you guys tell me what
that tree called there's a big job for
you guys leave that one that's a cool
nose look at that what a great job we've
met despondent hitchhiker
Oh
now we're two towns over Tiffany we're
going to leave you here sweetie
you are 2015 an instrument
running around so everybody knows that's
a chairlift you by themself
I was very much you don't look at me
listen guys I want you to be on the
second best behavior
I'm not going to ask that that's too
much half the second best will be good
enough
time
walk through baby
we shall come back
remember problem yes our central
authority looking yes
waiting on the tarmac to be stopped
thank you thought every part because the
permanence or whatever I'm going on and
on and on and on and on and on you're
right oh wow wait oh oh you didn't have
to yeah I'm sorry y'all are together
people you go baby quick now you can go
quick ha ha ha bye guys thank you you
guys know where we're at now I don't
want to believe it
hello big bump the curve right there
without ever curve always been there I
don't know package on the porch a couple
packages empty boxes oh no no oh oh no
oh no we don't have to have that way oh
no we don't have the front door key it's
only other key ring for the pilot no
what do you really I breaking the window
just calm before spray out here another
three hours like we did last time I will
not be doing that again huh just yeah
every exhausted from that home spring
stripper what bro you'd rather you hate
to walk okay
would you order you know honey did you
take the key off of this key because
it's not on here okay but this thing
just think think think think think think
good
okay okay I got it I got it
I'm an okay don't you cry this is near I
will always be near comment of the day
goes to
Alondra Quinta's we can see Sly Fox
family in the back when she went to go
see the hatchet things funny balls like
that yes guys we're gonna be hanging out
with my Fox next weekend I'm so stinking
excited one other youtuber only three
youtubers were invited to this not that
all the other ones are excluded just
this person happens to know these three
different bloggers yeah why self
incident and we're super excited to
connect with these people who will catch
you on the flip side
don't forget we look and remember to
like each other I'll beat her neck you
can't hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not alone
but in this together
and don't be afraid
and we can't say
