you're gonna gain one but you just think
of everything has been okay what what
we're in this together
come on man the beach and USA we all
naturally yours item dress themselves
but I did have a little outfit that with
Jenny with ours
we're all wearing kind of Paul me for
breakfast you guys it's kind of funny
the kids are ready to rock and roll so
we're here at IHOP and I was looking at
my phone I'm like oh the resort started
serving breakfast in ten minutes it took
us that long to get up and get around
get ready get dressed but at 5:15 we're
like we're gonna go find breakfast new
coffee here's everyone's outfit for the
day girls totally match and Abram
parallel variation of their outfit the
greens on their Shores right special
where we're going but we're hitting some
kind of just hole or something another
kind of hatchling here what's this hatch
moving
it's a lot of kids well that's what
we're going to go to but we can't go in
because we forgot our badges of yourself
so go back maybe we even have them all
we found a scooter area to play with you
guys all know Davey my buddy from
different
he's gone now bubble balls okay you do
orange or blue blue team are looking
Lucy
you
and you
Davis tells us no good you're off honey
you and April get together
oh nice oh don't stop cause mm circle oh
there you go
April well so hilarious
I love to author you spin around in
their uh hilarious
you're both got crazy we were heard of
the stuff we guys it's gonna be
affordable with the sixteen
particles increase concentration
Sam's having a major TV dad moment right
now hey guys we're hanging out the pool
we have a couple of hours until an
excursion this evening I'm wearing my
like 50s retro retro bathing suit for
the first time can you guys believe Sam
hasn't even told me he likes it yet I
love it
but the cutest thing you've ever seen is
this hi baby
we have so many food groups here we have
fruit we have pizza hot dogs eggs
breakfast I mean jeez well I mean you
know so you guys know we brought our own
float and I left it here yesterday
unintentionally obviously but drink well
and the beaver is broken off of it so
anyways I caught my floaties back yours
all deflated there's no holes in it but
it's missing the steering wheel
and we're going to swim with our buddy
maybe give you guys a little insider on
who won the challenge we got going on
how do you guys think won I don't know I
don't know who won everyone likes a
interface I don't know guys I think I'm
gonna flunk you hi baby strawberry Sam
this lawnchair list night
but we got to make it to the pool drop
gently bro
picnics are herbs more different gosh
she's already had one package none
actually wants to Melbourne but she's
got to go into water and whole second
with roots bipedal Michael are behind
herself all right ready
yo yo what's happening guys we're in the
next chapter of the day the bus to the
tram left us really disappointing we're
thinking about just going on our own
dime in our own time because that is the
biggest train in the world the biggest
rotating tram in the world we're going
to see snow but we missed it the time
said 5:15 to 5:45 we thought that was a
slot but is actually that was the time
of the bus ride so we had to be there
five to do it anyway we're at the
trampoline park now and as long as I
have my fidget cube everything's gonna
be okay yeah I like the fidget now I'm a
fidgeter always been wanting a fidget
dinner yeah let's get one I want to now
all right 7-eleven 7-eleven husband okay
I want a metal one a sharp one so like
if I mess up I will cut my fingers thank
you okay show off the full screen are
MCN we got managers over here there who
were under you guys are no Abram okay
whoa cool
aleksander i hopes of getting a good
feel for this again some prep for her
first birthday party money are you
hopping you guys have been asking me so
much Rebecca Manning Juliet first
birthday and I haven't we're doing at a
trampoline park because we are going to
hop with the bunny is a mess Oh cute so
she's just in the little baby pit Helen
with all the little one do me I keep
gravitating to the foam I keep trying to
get her out every time I move her away
from it comes right back over so let's
just see what she does I think she's a
little intimidated to like fall into it
what do you think you're going to do
well
Wow
get audience how they pay for your cakes
Wow
will it be Davey or will it be down the
road I don't know you were down he is a
friend for me pas Sippy's going to get
this dude over here
oh I don't feel like pretty fired up and
then I can swung on to like there is no
that's okay no hard feelings April
you're better at brandeis freaky baby
we're doing men against women here this
guy's name is up he put cover shot of
the Eggers over here which plague into
these guys might remember blown doing
the opposite of course we just did
another shot I do seriously April and
Davy over here and of course Kendra and
Jeremy
oh yeah Jen and I knew we're going to
keep her things going to often target
horrible she's been a great ball here
easy for that
Oh
No
baby modified kid yeah awesome getting
litigating he didn't getting it out this
isn't it I'm sweating very bad guys pay
for joining us today sorry we don't have
a vlog of yesterday
now we're a day behind considered a
behind world a post a video on Sunday
and our cars of other people so we'll
see you tomorrow guys don't forget we
love you and remember the luncheon I'll
be the hand that you can't hold when you
can't make it on your own I promise you
and not alone puttin this together
if we can't say
thank you everyone
give me a puzzle Michael saw listen I
got it I was really brave and I got up
on the thing
