you are my brother you are my sister and
they died the same time love are the
same
we've got to give Oh
in this together good morning guys we
are at the airport checking in getting
our secret sauce printed out what
there's active all right you can find a
slider look the kids are lugging around
their own suitcases full of their own
clothes today okay so have any of you
figured out where we're going yet pretty
special and it's our first time at this
specific place but we have been to the
state before so it's like a little
riddle we've been there and we have it
all in one whole shebang this is the oh
snap y'all and fasten I do for you sir
yes I packed our suitcase under 50
pounds Sam have me take out quite a few
things a and we just have to put it all
right back in oh no I forgot I'm sorry
oh you're right just kidding guys I
packed your swimsuit yeah you Coria
underwear you want to be pat down yeah
hey mommy good have you been bad will
you tell me if you were no are you
drawing up there like this
well minister for my or miners hunt
report on - it looks like there's quite
a few people on our plane that are going
to the same event we are this one your
own little baby see what in the heck
welcome to California guys wow it is
beautiful on here welcome to Palm
Springs guys I've never been here I was
born in San Diego California guys that
know
snack time Wow we decided to run across
this pond and we've got the kids car
seat okay just so you guys know crossing
through here
whoa keyless entry y'all need a rock you
guys squish back there I'm tilting my
car seat jumpin a little bit I love a
little bit Nick Kroll is again smarts
mom and I think it's pretty good being
cool they like come up on the edge and
they like like you all right gentlemen
finishing him I'll do it it's on all
right where we go
after you sweetie very tropical okay do
is you just like them nice all right
guys go mess up the bags we settled in
slightly Juliet took the letter poopy
and like how cute I got her little
changing area ready this bastard is
massive you walk in the shoe exceed so
the perfect spot right here for Julia
changing station there's a closet here
of bath robe the bathtub and the toilet
which I'll let say I'm going to more
detail about but yes that did not poufy
and more I just changed her sometimes
wear outfit takes a minute to air out
symphonies doing some schoolwork there's
quite a bit to catch up on is this how
your hand alright oh yeah cute is Mikey
I've ever seen ah daddy's working that
Julia's crib all set up and we are gonna
switch beds because I like to keep our
furniture in the bathroom oh my god
you've got I can't even believe it
Juliet wake her up
Oh siblings it's my sister that you woke
them up need me happy look up cranky he
loves thermicon 2017
look at it - Moyer earlier kids are over
there making trouble honey mustard
crickets no hear some crickets boom you
all pick it we're having linor not lines
not dinner but winner wish movies an
antenna and our new friends ha ha ha
Ethan I'm sorry
so we just met and I didn't even
officially get to meet you that was a
photo I see France first thing when I
got here you guys I've got her to smooth
them so check bounced movie and we loved
him everything we managed him we add
such food in front of a lot of
everything so we're probably gonna her
to the school now I'm not sure if our
time in here under all the guys that I
don't know now this is a sight I could
get used to
we literally have this whole pool to
ourselves it is really bad here Wow
gonna be fun given their do jump honey
bunny Harmon take up this lip lock no
you don't hear mom sick well
hi oh did you guys catch me yesterday's
vlog when you mentioned that she had a
strawberry because she's a bunny and
bunnies love strawberries of course she
has a strawberry on her face we finally
have some friends of the phlogiston
masterpiece they're hanging out with
symphony and Abram keeping them how to
use a toy Avery was freezing but he
keeps getting in to do this rocket -
masterpiece
Oktoberfest go dip your feet it'll warm
you up lady you're gonna go to some kind
of a celebration in a little bit in your
vein oh no we just make a new friend
from slyfox Andrew and your life is
somewhere around
I'll go reunited with our crew and it
feels so good I miss these guys April
Navy Jeremy and kami mom give him a
shout-out though check them out there's
a real superheroes over here oh yeah oh
yeah we're still having you back with
our friends and have met some new
friends and they're gonna be with us
next weekend at another event and I'm so
comfortable that it was really exciting
to meet them here before we go there
gotta break the ice and build a little
mini foundation these kids are being so
good out here hey what do you got going
on there hands I might accidentally
throw it in there Camila villians guess
who I have here with me tonight Jesse so
yeah it's your man here he is right now
the fam basics are hitting it up tonight
so tomorrow man are we going to let them
know who
basically and I don't know if we can do
that I don't know I guess we can all
right we're going to Lake Vic we're
going to let you guys know tomorrow
right tomorrow you guys watching when
I'm late now often ah ah Octonauts but
so cool guys when we came back to our
room we had a basket sent on a bed full
of toys from Spin Master these kids and
so the world but they deserved it
tonight
amazing so there was a lot of fun I'm
imagining small is going to be a lot
more fun so don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other I'll be the
hand that you get home when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone but in this together
if we can't say
I get tired
