right in this together
-
good morning fan to the beads of that to
that secede wine guys how are y'all
doing
can you say hi hey how you doing ah hey
I got going today Abram and I have done
room depot we're going to pick him out a
new tool over there I need some wood and
I need to figure out how to get that
broken pipe out of the showerhead area
after that we got to get home and start
packing
Juliette and I are headed to the doctor
to check on her little pink spot under
her eye and find out once and for all
what's going on with that little thing
it's pretty cute I have to admit I just
hope with nothing dangerous or something
that's going to grow and oh man just
threw up you guys see that oh gosh
that's going to grow and lately guys in
the morning I've been working out after
I drop something off at school I'll head
straight to the gym and man what a great
decision in Spanish about second we
doing it and it just feels great hope I
can keep it up I'm just so bad with
routine putting the things that put me
to sleep at night is trying to focus on
something so listen to like a sermon if
I focus too much on it it'll put me
right to sleep timeout is a routine for
me but stay focused for too long I get
bored and I starts to waver
time to weigh this big girl she's gonna
sit on the scale sitting on a scale like
a big girl see a whopping 21 pounds all
right oh look at the bunny on her outfit
you guys it's not the sweetest little
baby outfit sinners ask me it's a little
pink but I had grown and I was like you
know I really can't tell it could be my
imagination but then I started going
through pictures as far back as Easter
and it was teeny tiny so it has grown
it's not a little bit bigger under her
eye which kind of concerns me if it is a
strawberry new nanny oma I was reading
that it's pretty dangerous if it's near
like her eyes or her ears or some they
were infected it can affect the way they
work her sight her hearing whatever oh
yeah
Juliette blew her first kiss today
moving really this is what I do to
myself every time I try to do plumbing
now the tool that I got depicted pipe
out is stuck it's stripping away the
pipe on the inside where you go bud you
know what you're doing here
okay I kind of go in circles with it see
how we're doing that okay guys the
doctor just left it is a strawberry
illness the doctor said that it's
nothing to be learned about there's
nothing to be concerned about because it
came up after birth so long after birth
that it shouldn't get any bigger than
what it is right now and it should
naturally go away which is that it could
take a couple of years or a few years or
a few months before it actually goes
away so she was saying we could have it
removed through dermatology but if it
doesn't get any bigger it should
naturally go away it's not cause for
concern for her eyesight and it's based
and okay
okay you want to see something that'll
battle back Wow fixing a room yeah
careful what's up bud
oh this here this is my little bear head
it's a fake airhead you like that Abram
why guarding a friend of mine because
all they wanna walk around now one in
the living room but mommy won't allow it
into a center that's how I could figure
out where to put it I'm gonna put it in
my shop got to find a good spot for
because this thing is awesome
ha ha ha that is awesome
look at that I got two new tools today
guys this is a Japanese dovetail saw
look at that Barry that's an extremely
sharp salt and I got this marking gauge
slash mortis gauge thing is beautiful
okay guys me and my official bunny
because money love strawberries so it's
just confirming we're at Andrea's new
salon I'm her first color patient
management client and she is going to
take out all the buildup in my hair so
she was just explaining and I guess
redoing my highlights and my investiture
so holy whoa now that one broke yeah
this was all right you know that creepy
with visible feeling what do you think
of that what do you think of that hey we
get out uh company how was your test
today
I only got four right inside I mean four
wrong inside right I had noted we did
nine okay just nine questions that's all
you did today than just anyway what do
you mean on a spelling test huh oh no
one told mommy you were having it today
hi guys ah Oh girls to go have dinner
with my mother for mother we were all
going to go but it's kind of late it's
already after seven o'clock the kids go
to bed at eight and symphony was really
almost in tears that the idea of going
out tonight I know she's exhausted she
had a very early morning she's been
testing all day apparently she took a
make up spelling test the same day as
his state Terranova i am i didn't
realize that that was happening i said
we have been studying but we didn't
study last night which is really really
important to needs a refresher the night
before and the morning of the test so
it's a little bit disappointing but
anyways i dunno what i want to get
I'm thinking about getting her because
rebirth
don't tell us don't see a refrigerator
Barbies I got it looks like it's gonna
fall his net
I think she might fall happy Mother's
Day mom hey tiger hi Abram she's right
here we don't want to kind of we're
trying to bribe her because she's like
you know what stay home like Rachel want
to be there Nana's gonna be there Andrew
quality drama you know to be sending a
moody teenagers a teenager what she
didn't want to see any of you guys she's
she's specific that I don't want to see
Nana I'm probably harder and symphony
and mommy are going to share a yummy
healthy delicious dinners and I love
sharing healthy meals with symphony
because she really gets into it with me
it's so fun
all right Andrew what you did mom for
Mother's Day
I brought right here where you go all
right mom coach rezoning to give you my
present it man put your hand out put
your hand out they can get any job no
it's a surprise
don't put it on the blog okay a woman
did it for it but you know it's the rest
of my chicken oh you know just tell
Rachel careful oh you did
I'm not
but your wife so many layers of color in
there it's going to look so good once I
curl it she was saying when I come back
from this trip she's going to take
what's right here and kind of lift a
little bit of it up she tried to do that
this time but because this had
previously been dyed darker and she had
lifted it today she's hoping the lift
would make some of the blond come up
higher anyway I don't know so we're
going to work on that I guess next week
or next month or something like that
but I love it if you guys are in the
Dallas Metroplex area and you want to go
see my soon-to-be sister-in-law for your
hair she's at salon Suites in Dallas off
Mockingbird so now pampering time is
over and it's time for me to finish
packing I have gotten everything packed
except my diaper bag and my carry-on
which consists of all snacks and all
baby toys because let's get real slice
the babies are difficult anyway guys
I'll see you tomorrow on airplay ha ha
do you guys know where we're going yet
have you figured it out you're gonna
know why tomorrow don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other I'll
be the hairnet you get home when you
can't make it on your own I promise you
and not alone
but in this together
we can lay and
