still working all day and this together
good morning guys
it's still pretty early haven't even
gotten ready for the day but I'm in the
mood to get this done and over with for
the day so I'm just going to go ahead
and knock it out because I continue
Randy Kimmy you can take an hour on the
phone it's on to Alice and emerald again
change so as I said yesterday I'm trying
to be smart and get everything ready for
our next trip way before I actually need
to and I think today I'm going to do
symphonies so gracious a computer
talking over morning guys
you're going to in the basket or on the
end what do you want to do looks closer
we get me today right remember we're
going to do the cool every time they
come to Home Depot we're going to start
over in his own little toolbox
he's got a client so far here we go
these are perfect what happened good
rival
all right we'll get that for your
toolbox okay hey what do you do I just
put all these toys away
good chances pull out we're getting them
Milwaukee tool much better than happy
and this has a lot more different
options and a little more interactive
and it shows off boy like that one
you like this one you got in trouble
I set man with tool boxes off
cancel them just a regular - a lot small
toolbox
go up right let's give you will find a
small one how about we just get you a
little bag here we go you can have one
of these put all your tools in it oh
yeah your clamp and your screwdriver
goes in there right loads now home
people didn't have the would I need a
sort of project I'm currently working on
is we found a toolbox that lose
I got a hand it to myself this is such a
great idea starting your son 51 out of
time so it learns the tools one at a
time
working hard as usual what is that my
granddad wall it's your own baby
screwdriver yeah it's so cute wow he has
been wanting a cutting board type thing
to serve food on when my family comes
down they're all coming down for
Matthews wedding in June so I couldn't
make it guys Avery was being the
sweetest little brother right now it's
kind of rainy outside it was raining
really hard earlier he looked out the
window and said Oh Symphony looked her
little hot Jamaal outside in its rainy
did you save it yeah good job I can I
did this isn't like a baby so finally
you can watch a movie for five minutes
after nap holy smokes
doesn't know what to do get your girl
I've never been hit by hell before so it
feels oh my gosh what did these stop is
in the Kenai yer Oh
yep I was writing course I thought I was
going to be inside in a minute that's
what I told me I looked like I'm stuck
out here this is nice though okay so
we're here on this rainy muddy day to
see sandy update a new house really how
long is it stays on the unit Abram is
i'ma go get to work yeah gotta go fix my
house man hey oh my goodness Oh remember
this last one was just one big long
warehouse thing you know at the
house there's even a hallway whoa dude
what are you working on oh the wall you
just making sure it's in nice and tight
are you so happy for baby baby girl all
we got hammer down on cooking so bad is
a little yeah he does
speaking of which went to Walmart today
I couldn't resist
get took the very end like that see how
long our toolbox is it is 1 foot I know
beyond this point
sure oh hi guys welcome to Symphony
Grove today you might be wondering why I
am on my pinky pie huh why why oh man
Pinkie Pie sighs scissors I'll show you
why just the back it's kind of ugly on
the side here let's go to show her
anyway
Oh shouldn't see me through the wind up
oh my god I love it oh my gosh thank you
babe wait I this color your natural wood
oh my gosh are you serious I could cry
see living inside for a little while now
with so much behind coming to town at
the end of the month
and I really want to have a nice serving
brakiri work well wait is it three
different one no it's several pieces of
wood only two three four five six six
guys look how cute I found all of this
in Abraham's laundry this week all in
just one load - Hot Wheels unnerve
bullet to quarters and a Captain America
sticker
if that doesn't about sum up a room I
don't know what does the only thing
missing would be a tool but anyways guys
I'm going to finish up all this laundry
have to do before we go on our trip this
next week and I will see you guys
tomorrow
don't four
yet we love you and remember to love
each other also for those of you who are
new if you haven't already make sure to
subscribe click the notification bell so
that you know when we upload we post
every day at 4 p.m. and we will see you
guys tomorrow
hi I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not alone puttin this
together
