it is quite and under and there's
together goodbye
morning guys
happy Tuesday morning I've got way of
August if they haven't got to see
separate much with your missing tooth
hey mind dad well I start Tuesday show
me your teeth says the cutest smile now
we just love it
good morning to the two most precious
little ones
they are playing so sweet and everyone
is so happy to be home goodness okay
with these squeezed Manhattan guess what
time it is it's time to take her picture
her little monthly picture to use a
safety punch and ease and another photo
shoot the thing about this headband
knows it does it show off exactly how
much is but that's okay there's no case
only one more month until she's a year
old
which is very cranky I don't know how to
eat the sausage that when I post your
weight across Japan
get a rush long brush so the toothpaste
is a Buick with caffeine whoo man that
packs a punch that is crazy
I hope it's like the really strong mint
in my eyes or the caffeine but that one
God is mine try to start my day get
things going clean my desk paint the
house of different colors I had a really
sad dream about you boys always said hey
you what he said you always
hi are you waving to the neighbors she's
going through the neighbors yeah
everybody last night when we got home
from the airport the person who's
watching our house locked the only key
that we had inside the house and all the
windows were locked I cannot get in for
nothing I haven't tried kicking open the
doors our house is locked down pretty
good it was fun we were all stuck in the
cars really cold we call the locksmith
we end up sitting in carpet three house
but anyway what I'm getting at is
Symphony lost her tooth in the car and
she was devastated she's just playing
with it and it rolled off somewhere
today I want to try to find it for her
before she get something do you guys
want to see what I'm up to right now you
probably don't it is quite an
undertaking I'm going through symphonies
clothes all of them symphony has always
been a couple of sizes ahead of her age
but when she turns five she started
becoming really small and petite so she
still has some size five clothes even
though she's about to be seven years old
I can't even believe it however a lot
more clothes are starting to get really
short and really small and it's making
getting ready in the morning really
frustrating though it's time to read a
weed out her closet get rid of some
things donate some things and oh my
goodness you guys she has so many
clothes can you imagine not going
through a seven-year-old little girls
closet for almost two years
you
this is a special one to me she wore
this one a lot a lot a lot I think it
fit her for a couple different summers
Sharon do you remember this dress
remember her in it so many summers so
much in the summer time
yes no it's a size five all right guys I
have an idea
remember last time Cynthia lost her
tooth in the living room Matthew picked
up something similar to the size of a
tooth and has dropped it it literally
landed it right by her too so let's see
if that works with this little lemon
drop just going to pretend you sitting
here playing with it huh that better fit
uh no can't be right there in this
booklet if you can just order teeth on
Amazon think I'm going to look into that
starting to think I fell in that hole
right there but I just can't get to it
so it is time to go to gymnastics pick
up symphony deliver the bad news there's
that cute smile yeah I literally took
everything out of this car got on my
hands and knees got my strongest
flashlight and I cannot find your tooth
anywhere it must've went down a little
crevice somewhere with holes so what
we're going to do is draw a picture for
the tooth fairy okay and we'll take a
picture we need as much poop as possible
I had a great time with everybody on to
love these babies
Oh
you
hey there wow you guys your mouth
company mastered the lunge again this
week good job baby
you guys did so good today I'm proud of
you what was your favorite part of
gymnastics ah what was your favorite
part if you might taste your harness
oh you got to sit by your sister on the
balance beam on it sometime Ariel it's
Chicago we met her unity yes a couple of
the city - we're home now from
gymnastics and Monday evenings are
always a really tight schedule because
we guess I'm kind of late I've got a
quick dinner especially now than during
this clan no bathroom for this mama so I
am making fresh whole spaghetti yeah
yeah with ground turkey meat but first
I've got to show you guys on the
Juliet's been doing let's see if she'll
do it for you guys she wouldn't do it
for Nana this morning she would do it
for the ladies in charge yesterday so
let's see if she'll do it for you guys
hey baby
doggy says what does doggy say she's
trying to climb me what does doggy say
she wants the camera baby what she's
doing a better art art you're not doing
any of the tricks but I'll still give
you a spaghetti okay oh no you still get
spaghetti I promise ground turkey meat
first garlic first onion crushed
tomatoes tomato sauce salt pepper
Italian seasoning
I mean it's amazing Wow I think Juliet
agrees she is just screaming for every
bite but still yes please go back to
your baby we said the same thing
Oh
how many straps do I have on my shoes
uno dos tres cuatro there you go all
right well good night tonight you can
eat our viewers gonna get night to you
and you and you and you and you and you
and you all of you out there don't
forget we love and remember to lose your
tooth I knew you were gonna say that
I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own
I promise you and not alone we're in
this together
and we can say
and judo drink coffee he can't drink
that did you bite into it
silly girl
