hi guys all right Oh questions your card
Jules good morning guys how you doing
today man this morning I had a rundown
and go get coffee my mom and the other
side a row to the gas station and they
didn't have coffee so I to go to
butchers and actually getting coffee and
some creamer powder you don't like the
powdered creamer what's the difference
between powder creamer and the no
creamer I thought there's a lot more
cups of coffee in the powder creamer but
anyway we're good now everybody's got
the coffee we're all ready to go to
church yeah he's dipping you're passing
the cereal is that good no what's the $5
for me do what you gonna pay the church
teacher the one who gives us this big
you got to put it in big Church there's
a little box you put I'll show you
there's a little slot it's like a piggy
bank good morning everyone
I just want my hair to tell the
difference I can so tell the difference
I don't know you ladies up there think
we were headed to church
hey yeah so rude looks great too
so here we are again every Sunday
morning we got to bring my mom home we
got to bring her dog back up because she
insist on having pebbles over at her
house even though we hate the dog he's
maybe we don't hate her but she snaps
out the kid and that little dog is far
too overweight hi look up that this dog
is go pebbles I'm kidding of course of
course we don't mind my mom bring her
dog over that's her little comfort here
come on pips
holy smokes leave that massive TV
thing's massive
yup even in the bag somebody threw away
their underwear oh my gosh people are so
funny
somebody got a new Xbox piece guys it's
over here vacuum a helmet but it's a
perfectly good helmet what the heck is
this an exhaust Wow I bet that's worth a
few bucks righteousness holiness and
redemption I was 100% only what God gave
me to follow I was 100 percent speaking
what God told me to say I was I was all
about displaying God's Word and got his
power so that's what you would trust
she's happy future let's do it simply
you have your penny I thought you're
gonna tire the penny today honey so I
says giving on it right here I'm for
lunch which sandwich will you get
I'm excited guys it's always fun to go
eat lunch or dinner somewhere where you
can get good healthy food versus
mediocre right Tim right it's hard to
eat healthy one option any random salads
all the time I do remember that
whose symphonies getting grilled cheese
in a explore here no carrot so you want
the Apple Circle peanut butter and jelly
pepper jack cheese good choice you wanna
juice baby
what slimy girl cheese didn't you they
make it out of slime or I mean if slime
grilled cheese pretty good cheese don't
throw it in Abraham's face unless I'm
filming
pencil there oh yeah
tell me a secret or something yeah well
okay okay well can we do it after a math
yeah maybe
what a nice guy he might get or
something kids are done napping in your
bed so I needed to go people's so I got
wider
okay ten dolls how much you got in there
plenty of cash in there ya can't cave
with gas bebo got it for you right you
know got you that cash then come with it
don't forget your basket symphony sure
you want that one that's your favorite
remember we came here for your pencil
remember you're gonna see if they have a
camouflage pencil check that out bud
we found the pencil that you have okay
there it is right there
what well it's camouflage what you don't
want it just wreck your city do you
don't want those hey that's what we came
here for
hey do not want it you can't buy one
pencil you gotta buy all of them okay
absolutely how much money do you have
abran said he was gonna take everybody's
time do both of you guys you help you
buddy you're paying but give her the mic
not really sure what that was the kid
just went on a random shopping spree
I needed some things from Dollar Tree so
I got the things that we needed but
everybody even get the pencil that he
came for it was so upset that he lost
that hits me you wanted a camouflage
pencil and we found it and it wasn't the
perfect one he wanted one and it wasn't
the right camouflage
he had a Califano so guess whatever
works aim in Symphony or we're gonna
have a really fun project in there and
whether you do that I'm putting a little
wings down for bit Abram are you ready
gonna night do you remember which fruit
of the Spirit we read about tonight
what's it called peace we learn about
peace tonight and that means being
content with what you have and not
wanting what others have like I have
this yes like you have that but if you
didn't have it and you saw like Knox or
Matthew at school with one of those you
want mean not wanting it not being sad
about so what was our word again please
good job so far we've learned about love
and peace
just my ear how about my cheek and I
love it
okay so since it is a squad and symphony
is staying up late with Daddy I am just
gonna help her out and get her jammies
up for that you know so I've gotta find
all of her stuff she was out who stole
all last night from winter break
that's our barrier holiday that most
kids do not care so I have no idea where
her school stuff that's her backpack I
have no clue you know what I think it's
still in my car do you think your
backpacks in my car oh okay that's in
the car next up lunchbox organized this
forgot Juliette got our hands on this
the other day
well they're still working on their
project in there so I am gonna hop to my
workout I normally wait until all the
kids are in bed but Symphony does not
sound like she's anywhere near being
done in there so I am just gonna go
ahead and get started
hey guys
just doing my squat that's right I've
been doing 50 squats almost every day
sometimes I switch it up but this is
what I'm doing today and then I'll do 50
jumping jacks you didn't see the damage
I got out for you that's okay
those look much more comfy anyways okay
now that she's all done she's gonna
finish up her dinner which is leftovers
from last night
did you have fun with Daddy I heard you
did a really good job I'm proud of you
funny oh oh you got my phone to give me
15 correct answers I'm gonna give you 25
large 25 grand 25 kilos 25 stacks two
and a half racks black beard and Long
John Silver are both things of one pair
oh yeah
silver pirates of course Garret the bar
exam is generally taken after you
graduate then what law school puppy
training horse little common the phrase
cul de sac literally means what top of
the peak and the line were viola the bag
so you're doing you know it nearly
makes sense
you got to tell me if you're not sure so
I could pick something different Hey
well we're both out on the fourth
question because Nina couldn't work with
me I said you picked this one I picked
this one that's the whole point of us
using two bones and she said no I'm
gonna pickle Odysseus and then we go I
didn't get the pick but you threw me off
right I was gonna pick Odysseus can you
believe that guys we lost $25,000 thanks
babe we're working the team all right we
resolved the dumb HQ argument I need to
be a better team player so now moving on
to comment of the day and this massive
mess behind me and it goes to
Christel German sad Mia I'm doing 80 day
obsession and it's great I feel stronger
and healthier definitely recommend oh
good there's just seeing that comment
made me want to go and download it or
order it or whatever you do I don't even
know if you order it or download it
which do you get a DVD you download it
you stream it I don't know I'm still
debating does anyone else use it out
there I feel like it's something I'm not
ready to dive into because it's such a
long long workouts on that note we will
see you guys tomorrow don't forget guys
and remember to love all day room
