thank you it's gonna fall our kid you
guys recognize him by the voice say hi
guys exercise of your here we're going
to go see the Statue of Liberty you are
my brother
you are my sister
they by the same guy loved by the same
love we've got to give us all
well No
but in this together
what plans to be to the AV as I say
we're going to New York City to visit
with another youtuber never nothing
before we did meet them we met them at
the tour trip and we are going to go to
thank you limp little statue with a G
when you're ready daddy walks past mrs.
thank you bomb seems to me without thank
you those roof that's how they did in
New York the honey hey man you don't you
can hold it from the bottom so your
hands them
alright whatever maybe like a hamburger
I found myself in floor
all right you guys ready for the big
reveal
see were hanging out with today can you
guys recognize some brother voice say hi
guys can you recognize us
hello what is up guys
Kayla Tara and a doe Rory's not here do
you know us you probably wonder where
were you she's at home and we're so
excited to be hanging out with Sam again
be so much fun guys
go see statue of liberty first ever you
want to put up Allen right yes
notability view got really good link in
the description we're gonna have a good
time with these guys click for me miss
Ellie just vlogging camera oh now we're
twisting salt up Shelby I don't know if
you guys ever not long ago but you don't
you know okay well I'll be
Alex I'm sorry how do you mean to hide
it now I actually is your little doll
and there was like I didn't know same
face I was just holding the piece of
Mallory dad all part of our fall
tomorrow we'll get the world by
that you lose is you ready for it leave
that I'm so excited to go on the island
I really want to go on the ground but
it's not going to happen so bad as for
watching captain windows - this has been
the sweetest happiest little Napper
today you had a really good nap in the
stroller and he's in such a good mood on
the ferry now we're so lucky
we just talked and we are here we're
going to go see the Statue of Liberty
Lady Liberty herself we're at Liberty
Island I've never seen her this cool
we're going to her the for a walk in
right now hey have you girls ever seen
the Statue of Liberty this close
no you haven't what do you think of her
and anyway all our families made like
one big tree I can all hug Lady Liberty
we should try we should agree before
Cody suffers from in New York we are
going to show us the city so we have
been here a few times I swear we usually
visit all the time square M&M store and
then the haunted it last night
cause you guys it looks so cool that
really is like a dream come true yeah
always want me to get really close from
Statue of Liberty well it's the only
thing that would make this experience
any better was if we could walk up the
stairs and go in the crown oh my god so
majestic
you
I think we are all in a hood for these
foams pointy hats not everyone's wearing
we didn't find it in the last drop this
little rinky-dink welcome I think I know
are you getting up ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding one for you one for you
oh wow you are the cutest little Statue
of Liberty I've ever seen like that then
you Avery is a girl right
good morning Roman I think it goes
behind it note it up nobody else is
asked for sure but we've been here this
is our second time we have New York City
else we not your key sir let's go my
wallet man oh yeah honey boy
suppose you don't know Sampson you're
gonna stroke it embarrass my wife I ask
I know I was going to get you one but
they didn't have you they were all out I
mean we are in New York right doesn't
this look like a web right above my head
I think a spider-man's close by he's
protecting us at Statue of Liberty hey
ya better man is watching Oprah okay
we're in New York babe you never know
anything's possible when you're in New
York City even spider-man if you believe
in spider-man don't believe in spider me
believe in spy Ayami you please bring
your Tobey Maguire Toby Toby Toby yeah
he'll be on the air Toby actually Toby's
a horseback ride in real life
yes is Josh gonna be shot ada I like
getting feel shot yes do a random thing
about oh no my favorite shoes we have a
little criminal on her hand
Julie had made her way out off I get
stopped with these little mints actually
I'm gonna blame smelly villain got a
couple of scenes on our hands and sexual
every food you'll see just who is it
who's the culprit
we didn't know what the Juliet snuck
these out you guys know the importance
of Ellis Island do you older guys no
Stephanie come on guys I'm teaching I'm
teaching who wants to teach the school
lesson because I think told me
everything
basically children learn immigrants came
and gained citizenship where immigrants
came and they were able to make a new
life here in New York City of the City
of Hope can good for a lot for the
immigrants you know for those people
back then Symphony air that's what the
Statue of Liberty is all about Merkers
not the same anymore about freedom and
prosperity and possibilities and Brenna
no thank you my dear Wow those doors
just opened right on up out for me
sorry today one of the biggest movements
is from rural areas to cities for the
first time in human history more than
half of our population lives in this in
an urban area are you going to remember
that as you're doing history in schools
you're going to forget all about it
yeah probably Juliet made it to the
documentary but Haven didn't just leave
them single come on let's go okay
payback's New York island is ready kiss
the ground again these guys hook trees
and a country where I would see well
we've been in New York for a couple days
now and a little pantry things that
being a child over yeah I was a good one
day one day really fun thanks for coming
down with that okay he's logging with
other bloggers yeah yeah be sure to go
check these guys out
we'll put the link in the description
again this guy's a really fun huge
channel what do you guys got like a
million a
we had like three daily yeah they do a
lot of slime stuff right a lot of
glorious lime you do vlog okay new
everything
let me know we need a few props slime
vlog is probably because he's over
you're trying to get the bunch of
subscribers the smell billion we want
more fan basic to grow over there you
know let's see how many subscribers you
can get them today
okay go there check out the Mulligan
whatever content okay oh we're going to
do it contact the fanbase not get more
subscribers but yes attract your regular
daily amount of subscribers right okay
yeah we want all of our fans to go show
them the logs or so if they get more
stuff that means that team smelly belly
win yeah all right yep you're in this
fan base wait up they get more self and
we can do this guy's
stop then that means that Sam and Nia
want and we don't want we're going
through the fan bases are very loyal
we're one down wait for you wait wait
you win is going up we love all you guys
win situation we are really hopeful that
symphonies going to lose her tooth in
New York City it's bleeding worse than
ever
okay so let's give it three good tugs
right now and see what happens
one two three toes okay is really yes
I'm in it actually doesn't feel quite
ready yet still
time creating major New York South today
Chipotle anymore like New Yorkers really
except if you look way down there so
we're having a kinda like droppings or
it doesn't feel like it just want some
strawberries and blueberries I mean I
wonder how New York plum State community
gonna have cuties they're gorgeous
Manuel de Manila know how we're gonna
feeling isn't it
150 there and 150 33
I love having fresh fruit around
especially because I'm on this no sugar
thing you know it's actually going
really just proud of myself as a
resident I do have a big group actually
cheaper and last night I found this
really good coconut yogurt substitute
with almonds and drive through and it
was really really good for the night
snack I have fresh fruit now Sam like to
have a little sample he edits at night
I'm related I'm proud of us say we just
made a healthy choice okay
made it back to the hotel motel hey
that's my clown going fish no no yeah
just turn it over
it'll still be like that yeah that's
fine buddy Court like that I'm kind of
bummed guys I think it to use my journey
New York City I wanted to do it at the
Statue of Liberty more than anything
else we've got the elf island I was like
I better not because there's like
helicopters flying it's definitely no
fly zone but we'll catch you guys
tomorrow noon want to go get these kids
some bubble bath our battery's about to
die don't forget guys to go check out
our new friend that smelly belly TV
really awesome family we're definitely
be hanging out with them again in fact
we'll be seeing them at climber con
don't forget we love you to go to a toy
fair and get a bunch of em oh come on
remember to love each other I'll be the
hand that you get home
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not alone
but in this together
Statue of Liberty just dropped her flops
playback oh my gosh what is she going to
do
