oh here they come oh and this together
morning guys today is day one of a
healthier new me no more coffee for me
I'll be drinking these sparks for the
next few days ten days to be exact
I'm doing a 24 day challenge with a few
ladies from our church my friends imma
do it and I'm really excited so I will
go early got my spark I made my very
first Walmart pickup order and I'm going
to go get it with Abram here in a little
bit I'm excited you guys do that it I've
never grocery shop this way before and
I'm super excited to see how it goes
really load it in current everything's
been this way let's go try it out did
you get to show your teachers or any of
your friends your tools today would she
find roughly all right anything else yes
a sugar cookie and a birthday cake pops
Thank You Patrick when you're trying to
drink healthy and eat healthy but you go
to Starbucks and you really want to get
a drink with flavors in your outfit
fresh fruit in your water okay a round
we're going to be doing our grocery
shopping a little differently today
chicken this helps our associate find
you quickly mark over here golly you
guys thanks okay I feel so ridiculous
right now
okay pick up pick up pick up all my time
I might never have people all three oMG
this is so so cool but it's really small
girl that's unloading I feel bad this is
the coolest April she's bringing our
groceries another art what do you think
hey rose we got thank you
their muffins Oh a trash bag
disinfecting wine a little hearty lentil
and veggie soup with chickpeas they're
played a little game mmm
I just cannot even tell you how much
time I say by going to the store like
this is so amazing like why do Walmart
take a million trillion years to invent
this little thing that they offered so
awesome symphony is in terms of packing
the kids toys I don't know if we've told
our viewers what we're doing it but we
are going to our favorite place in the
United States do you know it what is it
what could it be we'll put a pole right
here tell us if you know grandmommy's
million Hall feel sure can compact them
away bud mr. Park is no closer to me I
think so
what is this some kind of joke all right
absolutely remember Andrea's nekaris our
these are for your face as well there is
no there's something else are all the
other ones it's hilarious I'm gonna have
an orange crown here
you made the glasses no these are sent
to us by a company called a shade tree
as our mamas we love these if I can have
one I would want that one to be my charm
on my side
you're very nice I guess it's awesome
company her that I lost my oakley's now
I have a better replacement this is from
Shea tree well surely you guys like
better these ones this has steel and I
guess some kind of hardwood I don't know
if that's walnut it looks like all not
this one is beech wood the polarize
which I know reduces glare like cars
from water and a making some like that
was my bad side like how cool their logo
is tea tree thanks for setting up these
awesome shades I want to leave the link
in description guys to go check them out
if you want to pair click on that now
some to you some luggage I found the
best ok for you guys oh yes Paris I
definitely know ours from everybody
else's you like going like that
Samsonite here's the big one right here
take that one out oh yeah this is really
commodious neither guarantee on here is
to never fall over and now that I'm
trying to drink a gallon of water every
day or more
in need of a little water bottle or
something like that because that color
isn't it beautiful but then you turn it
around not Amy
well we came here for luggage and looks
like we're going going back I have
looking and looking and looking for this
size the perfect size for right my
bathroom because we store all of our
toilet paper in this really annoying
spot baby swimming in chocolate
those are underwear sweetie you just
said underwear like tasty oh yeah
the biggest benefit of shopping for
luggage guys first rule and I got them
sugarless connecting on a 7 or 8 I wanna
go but there are people in the world I
do that chameleon roal women sex me get
so Oreo is recently learned how to do
guys clay first
yeah worlds are like this money
this looks incredible honey
yeah
daddy let me put an item and Link it up
oh my god you know oh you bet your
britches we are yeah and I got it done
herself they go eat and run taxi go buy
glad there will be a king it's a secret
rescue plan
I'll be the hairnet you get home when
you can't make it on your own I promise
you and not alone but in this together
we can't bake
