2017 greater family pool you guys have
the same amount this is gas and there's
together I don't have straws guys oh now
I'm gonna get your own butt was on this
side oh look at that wave oh my goodness
it just keeps going and going
daddy's making my papi and I'll come
join you guys good morning guys it's so
beautiful outside today however there is
a really foul odor odor like it smells
like something really disgusting burned
I was gagging when I came outside to
drink my coffee but the kids haven't
noticed it yet so I'm trying to suppress
my disgust of the smell oh it's so bad
oh my gosh we have items for baking a
nice little ball pit I gotta find some
love all shortly after our outside time
I started feeling really nauseating I
don't know what's going on but I don't
want to fit the kids in front of the TV
just because I'm not feeling good so
never underestimate the power of a good
fun bubble bath
okay this is that lotion but you get to
pretend like this baking cream or a
cookie batter whatever you want to
pretend I'll take that now that you're
doing thank you thank you
I remind me of a dress I also have party
in a bathtub for you guys we got a lot
of traveling coming up so i justified
buying this for that reason this guy is
just too big to pack up every time we go
anywhere Wow there it is
oh well those beautiful eyes are very
hard look at my gosh
but unlike green present like this
beautiful blue where she with those eyes
we're headed out to do a little bit of
shopping and then we have a CD release
party to go to Heath CD release party
he's been working on this song for seven
years based finally releasing an album
on that link below guys they could check
it out go buy his album showing a little
bit of support let me so cold as if he
did that their songs are really good too
I am joking
Evan don't rip your dollar in half okay
okay he ripped his up a dollar how try
to make two he's like now I had two
dollars it's actually here dollars map
hopefuls are guys you know what that I
want to get one thing is that okay with
you why is the best times already
ever look is a cool hat stay there look
at me look at me
it's a hot what is it gonna say bruh I
got what I more people are identified on
burger I want it therapy for my hands
can be people they mean that you do you
mean I got a hot wheel okay with ones
which say you're the runaway
that's not against dollar Google+
everybody well I was going to say if you
ended up walking here we should while
we're here by our 2017 Raider family
pool they are we got a 84 the last time
that thing is cute yeah let's get it
while is here no it's not
and now it is time to head to the event
itself I'm so excited I'm in terms of
child care the organization of it I get
to watch the actual event but I have to
get there early get all the rooms set up
and ready for the workers to watch the
kids free and under we all get an album
the first ten people that made it and I
got a t-shirt but we're late I'm gonna
do filming on one of the songs so you
guys can go check it out on iTunes I put
a link to it so you guys can go buy
songs and show some support
maybe there is gravity Otis there I'm so
proud of them they're still shirtless I
get to lecture perfect I did ice my
friend that's awesome would you pick the
design on his album and put on the floor
oh it does paint it's just like trick me
how do you feel WC this company started
coming it's very depressing see you
breathing I'm laughing right now her
yeah
hey thank you having a pizza party here
there's a good donor hole there in a bag
seven years we'll be making a song again
nervous all right thank you here for
thinning I'm party boy hey Lily she give
you the babies tonight so far I only
have the only baby in here so we don't
know what we're gonna do here Jackson
sup dude are you a proud papa or what
yeah
and one lovely wife thank everybody for
coming out
I just can't guys I can't I can't get
over how proud I am with Heathman got
emotional no just thinking about the how
far he's come but like you know he's
been working on us for so long
talking about it for so long and here it
is a physical copy
they're flying around let's go catch one
and Rome you guys did it like
looking at that
that is so incredible work there he goes
yeah
like well like Joe Rizza - right there
right there give this little whip oh
there goes ami you almost got it excuse
me talking like that anything you are
can't believe this girl I think she's
off on the hook one knot right here in
your room go take off in your room
tell me go to bed take care of some work
Nia is somewhere over the hill on that
laundry there she is I guess here she's
over there
alrighty I'm Johnny and laundry you sure
are here we go hey guys I'm gonna leave
a link in the description for adhesive
album gives them so much from you guys I
would really appreciate you guys check
out his stuff if you're ever at all
interested in worship music you will
love these five songs on his album just
beautiful work he's so talented let's
just show Heath with a fan base it can
do guys we will catch you tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other and Heath let's love Heath
guys I'll be the hand that you can't
hold when you can't make it on your own
I promise you and not
but in this together
Oh ever to happen
yes fake
and Thank You Maria that's convene
another look on my facebook now looking
on wait leader will talk do you feel
Allah face
