put in one time that crazy
Oh doing it together
company's been requesting a v8 this
morning why do you want to v8 what's the
main reason Wow
I think she's going to make this robot
with Daddy later today you think so and
I don't want to look like a v8 so I'm
going to time it I think you're going to
have to wait until the project gets
going to paint it okay because the paint
might interfere with the aluminum come
on the fan to the B to the edge that's
everyone you gotta let me do the opening
okay I am out taking everyone explore
and we found a really cool stables horse
stables sorry somebody comes along
listening to these complexes if I was
like I don't know this is open to the
public they're always like really
apprehensive I was like mom pretty much
all the places I go to OSes don't be the
horses so looks like you're lagging hey
come on out kid my mom I'm kind cutie
that's where the horses park can you say
stables this guy's hyper sensitive to
smells what you want to say hi
let's get this out of your hair ah there
hey I want you to pet one okay I'm gonna
lift you up I want you to be brave let's
push it see she'll grab onto it well
there she goes oh oh she's doing it baby
look why are you doing kissing it are
you kissing that door I'll put down into
bed
yeah it's been a long time we're not
really dating there you go I'm proud of
you
intercept this one now when we get home
I'm gonna tell mommy I patted down below
what seemed sure gosh so cute and so we
see animals up closer the first time
pepper first time ever seen a horse up
close in a long time I can't help but
think of God's creativity not only did
he make them amazing like you made them
amazing in our eyes so made our eyes to
view them as amazing creatures and it's
just that just fascinating yeah we're a
new car wash today and really did great
yeah we can scream you want to scream
ah
talk to lighters oh ma we are now as
Northport wall because Nia and I both
are having issues with our MacBook Pros
mine MacBook Pros exile Pro no bro we're
writing on my Mac my spacebar got stuck
so I took it off to clean it and I broke
it putting it back on so game ethics and
Anita's laptop record went out so we
can't even charge it
everybody say we going to the garden
guys look at this beautiful garden this
is a Guardian yeah this is North Park
little garden area is like the
sculptures say we decide maybe what to
think right a train comes in chocolate
that one coconut there Symphony I know
that I got that one but I don't want
anything
she was just hanging out over there
that crazy what you see in the slide
apples over the bus we could knock it in
we come in slowly cool little librarian
so cute oh did you find a book over here
Wow
what joke
you
thank you
well there were overbooked today so
we're going to go to another Apple store
we're going to want our brother stop and
go have dinner with well you guys have a
cool door Matt can we come in let me to
mom I like what you guys done with the
place so far thank you we come to look
more like a home we have books on the
shelf
yeah and camera collection cool all
we're gonna do is pretty indian
Alchemist
could you just watch some more yeah what
are you guys going through this wall
right here put a picture of me and
pictures yeah you guys recognize this
area right here this is a TV knock this
one down it over to the wall bro I'm
sure it's screwed on that why he's got
big ones huh can you guys believe that
Apple's trying to tell me if this send
in my computer get my space bar fixed
let's pray for that snaps off and smash
back on the life colorful geniuses
actually don't automatically computers a
coupon you can pick up really good and
really aren't so good
anchor is sitting here that lady Juliet
is over there indexes you know he'll sit
over there
oh yeah make sure you're right oh yeah
thank you oh no I'm glad because right
nope one dude is coming over booger my
friend with a Muslim where do you see
I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not alone puttin this
together
if we can't say
literally
