we roam at your favorite place in the
whole world and theirs together good
morning what are we doing today
banana pancake oh no I'm your laundry I
gotta chill in it love it hi yay I just
broke down big school ah whoa
well guys the banana pancakes did not
turn out like they normally do pretty
disappointing I did manage to get three
small ones out of it so the kids had
breakfast but Sam and I we're not able
to participate in this breakfast so I am
going to make make
I'm so happy I'm the oldest budget and
our sandwich so I can stay up at night
and that nap
oh yeah that's pretty special being the
oldest Symphony and I are having girl
time we have to listen to our mu on a
song I remember just a long long as I
can remember we get the sign outside my
window okay
what is that oh okay that's called the
unicorn Frappuccino do you want one you
require you got it
should we try it together oh yeah let's
move up in order to keep all unicorn
hops he knows anything else that's it I
think he gives up the roots of some
unicorn practi music I bet you're right
there they are
so here's you're just going to hold it
just draw in and try it okay
it tastes like so much not taste too
great it says he'll flip reflection
tasting gonna barriers
yeah okay oh it's our Spring Break day
three let's go get our toesies updated
good idea
oh boy
and to me
let's go see mama whoa
Abram you okay bud yeah gonna be careful
my mom is paying sometimes Juliette and
I will go every good book oh my god what
a cute little welcome you see her she's
pointing at me our centenary pouches
that 'mobile there's a Batmobile you
want to stop your kids
Bobby get me kid oh man you gotta find a
neighborhood move to what you could
enough did you turn the radio off life
oh thank you you guys leaving any corner
huh we have headed my class the closet
imagine what kind of your sign if they
want to say hi yeah one bad life
whistles in there
I did not I did not
no I did not
thanks mom what they say Daniels day at
the baby conditioner with a little tail
get here
what are they
welcome it is going to do it was your
favorite
Kimberly all the way oh well you know
yellow then I was a pink ranger to
yellow ranger who is your favorite guy
though I remember all the line Billy
didn't Tommy hedeman brother didn't let
me get really different so I almost told
me because also the green one Jason was
a red one
he was my favorite and I was determined
at the age of like what is seven or
eight I was going to marry a Jason when
I got older
no you know
one year for Christmas my meanwhile got
me and my cousin we were the same age
Power Ranger action figures and I was
the girly cousin my cousin was kind of a
tomboy and I got the Yellow Ranger and
she got the pink one and I know we both
wanted to train Kimberly and Tommy were
in love with a long time honey remember
one thing I don't remember who was that
guy that possibilies dream of the head
guy
him that was I his name why oh man what
was his name
it was Dourdan I forgot Zordon consult
power racer money Moulton penne skydive
out of the plane remember I saw the
movie alone I did not recall that in the
very beginning they skydive out of the
plane mmm
so cool mustache it's officially
starting well that's the cool son here
kid just look like eyeballs
oh it's the Red Ranger first on the
scene that's Jason they did not morph
the way I thought they were sure you saw
it on the news or not we got a market
for you guys too yummy
amazing
okay so Jill Kimberly and Jason made a
cameo in movie
Oh
well our movies over we loved it and
Tommy came at the end defeated safe till
the edge of the credits going to told me
the Green Ranger Gregor okay we're going
to go home now it's midnight Wednesday
hey Pro tired I'm sleeping tonight I
said that backwards it might be tired it
said we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other choked out right I'll be
the hand that you can't hold when you
can't make it on your own I promise you
and not alone but in this together
we can say
date of any news or article for a
beautiful black beautiful
