Loreena Symphony fell in this together
scream into space I said okay and uh huh
and then just and enough and then I said
then you can have very pleased enough
done she shaved her head that's three
news she did today
hi shut up you mean that was right past
my Becky no maybe sweet kids playing
outside in the morning guys that is what
talisman looks like it doesn't look like
two children sitting on the couch
watching TV this is a beautiful sight
tuning just makes my heart so happy this
morning Symphony taught Abram how to
throw a frisbee
and now Abram is teaching Symphony how
to run through a puddle
teaching her how to run through a puddle
and just so precious and so happy to get
to stuff on video what yeah no he's just
showing you his way there's no wrong way
to
hilarious oh oh really
I know yeah blah oh please morning guys
me and the kids are headed to our first
playdate of spring break and someone's
trying to big big test so gorgeous here
you guys you like this water in the hot
tub I'd also minute
what if it's pretty floor I would say
the pool playdate was a success for this
little guy he's snoring yes Anthony fell
she got hurt pretty bad
okay guys to kick off this beautiful
weather we're having feels like summer
it smells like summer we went swimming
today on our Starbucks to my first ever
pink drink isn't it cute can we taste it
this is my very first one
Jerome Anson is so delicious well and as
always
suddenly meymaneh we're headed home so I
got Sam the Purple's races like Mary's
chasers
we're home everyone is worn out from all
the Sun and the swimming today I had
such a good time I was the only mom who
went swimming though I know I've shared
this with you guys before about becoming
friends with other moms at the school
and stuff like that and it can feel kind
of like nerve-wracking kind of like the
first day in school but we were talking
about today all of us mom there were
only four or five of us there but we
were talking about how there's like
those nerves and that pressure there but
once you get to know everyone that kind
of dissipates and you realize that we're
all just moms trying to raise our kids
the best way we can and so for those of
you first four moms or new moms about
the senior kids in school I would say
don't shy away from making friends with
their parents don't just assume that
there may be snobby or stand-off there
so they don't like you because I think
we all have those reserves and we just
kind of have to be the one to jump in
and become friends and be friendly and
nice and reach out to other people
because once I started doing that and
getting over my fears and my anxiety
like I just love these women there's
much sweet women they're believers
they're good moms and I just wanted to
encourage you guys in that way what is
this thing flashlights I'm a little
nervous guys about to do something
really dangerous
as they obviously it I'm going to facing
a fear of mine
I am going to be pouring in this thing
with this guy this is Jeff he's in our
GC group hey yeah
you're blinding the African food a
yak-52 we're going to go 60 right now
probably just like four and a half of
Fox's chill out I did wear my diaper
so tell me we're number right yeah you
got it Juliet oh you're trying to tell
me I gotta wear a parachute
yeah just fearless because the sea jet
you know you would have to open the
canopy home from undo your harness and
jump out oh my good but that's never
happened but you see me jump out
I'm good I'll jump out - okay Jeff where
you going
we're now headed out to dinner with the
family that Sam's flying with in the
airplane little daredevil and I'm
actually on time I thought I was running
late and I started rushing around but
I'm actually doing pretty good
what baby oh cool like that well here
hold that
how are you feeling little one yeah she
fell pretty hard earlier as I told you
guys how's your hips let's just walk
together okay we got to practice walking
together
hey Ryan our booze wasn't lying around
in the air so we're flying this up
flying around my heavy Peckham flying in
our gamma video Russian aerobatic
airplane oh my okay
not even my knees exactly yeah we are
the brothers sick people get seriously
owner Nick Wales go hammer in a circle
for a more honorable harvest enormous
you here though for kamila margarine
online explain what what does help you
the visit parachute
what an experience Thanks hey never
awkward that was incredible
oh my well glad you enjoyed it I
wouldn't trade it up for the world
my pleasure first one's always free oh
man
how much is the next : what - that how
much does it make for you I did you do
you fly of study on earth did he let you
fly the airplane you blew the airplane
I'm going a nursing home down mr.
grundle I'm glad you're alive Julia so
he's impressed with daddy
he said yeah yes um using a body and
where's Kathleen said where this is your
dinner Juliet thank you
I'm here alone with the kids he had to
go to some kind of live event with a
friend Sarah Abram was watching Moana
for a few minutes before that Juliet is
playing with the Easter egg and she's
definitely got poop in that diaper
changer in a second
Oreos Whiston Juliet yes ma'am I can't
find it and I wanted to make that one
but the fan is missing oh man tiffany is
messing with electronics in here
battery-operated electronics and we will
kick you guys tomorrow
don't forget love you and remember to
love each other
daddy do you think I can make that one
but without the fear maybe right I'll be
the hand that you can hold when you
can't make it on your own I promise you
and not
but in this together
don't be
and we can play
and
