today we're gonna be seen standing on
good morning guys this wasn't my blowout
looks like Monday - after sitting there
Sandy's looking really good and she
brushed it out in their pelvis parts of
it looks really good we're listening to
keep Craddock in the morning all the get
dressed Jordan Fisher was on any
conversation with him and it was oh go
cuz he was go really fast there wasn't
one so I was like I've never vote about
to answer the stars before this season
and he stopped feels like that's what
means a lot to me that's when you know
someone's being real when they say oh I
voted for you he's like we are you
pushed it you probably vote all the time
well when someone says they've never
voted before and then they voted for me
that's what we know I know it's like
anywho it is almost checkout time we're
all packed up we kind of dropped like
flies this morning and we're gonna go
grab some breakfast it's just me and
Sandy now just us two or so lingering
around Casey had a church thing and
Lauren I honestly don't know why she's
going she had go someone so cute and she
what happened acted mine damn on a
Brooke do that but it's your idea
yeah we're confused by the menus guys
right well we figured it out let's see
how we like our choices sandy got iced
coffee even though it's freezing rain
outside we'd be fine
we're just practically snowing in Texas
that does look like chocolate milk
though is this a is it good it's
definitely no our food
I feel like CDs is what I normally would
order she said that about my food never
looks like a me meal this looks like a
sandy meal oh you know it's gonna be all
gone Sandy's gonna get her hair cut
we're at old tubs news randomizer
cheaters like to share I am NOT okay
with this don't know I have a bunch of
dead stuff tonight we're at also sandy
has an appointment at David's Bridal her
sister-in-law and trying on some wedding
dresses so I'm just here with her entire
drop over there and look it's my face
stuff that I was looking for in Sephora
last week if only I had known love was
gonna come here and Aloha Cindy today I
would have waited Sandy's gonna come out
short hair just know it may be left me
alone
my heel
Eponine probably could get cheaper left
q on fire
and she chopped our head off short hair
it's like curly I know you guys is my
hair long yes or no tell me right now
now tell me if her hair is long it's not
for Candis all done I like it looks
great mom but it's short in the front
but it still it still I do that with my
kids all the time my oldest child oh
yeah let me have some of this give me
some of those communities give me that
road over there I need to drink a lot of
coffee great chest honey and he what he
stuck he shook my hand he was like that
shows me a lot of honesty now it really
shows me that somebody cares where they
say
don't whatever is spider pig Hey what'd
I tell you about standing up there
you keep drink coffee that's coffee what
is this baby she's overwhelmed
did it get too noisy yeah nor did it you
know where mommy shoes okay your other
shoe here you go baby Hey baby's got
mommy shoes cool tomatoes guys - come on
on the stem I feel like that makes them
a little bit more fresher maybe more
nutrients in there the rest of the salad
did you get a new book Julian this is
buttercup say hi buttercup hi not you
see if Carly comes for you when you
scratch it - rough wait sunburn Johnny
take it why moving images funny
you gotta move on your finger here put
your finger in there you're hurt one
slide in there hey bud can you show
daddy how I taught you to do the robot
now hey Mario Kart and Juliet won't loan
a crate this what were Ravin in with
what'd you do to your ankle I don't
after steps did that seem high one time
I was really cool and then the second
time I did you heard it really bad okay
then we better wrap it up
you have to take advantage of these
opportunities to take care of kids
because we're really sick they'll have
more confidence in oh my gosh Juliet's
beginner Cemetery well hello there it's
time to end the video with comment of
the day goes to Hayley Shepherd do y'all
have a bathroom in your room
I seen a doorway in their room but I
didn't know what it was that actually
was a comment of the day coming to the
day was Abigail Anderson I feel you Sam
don't get stressed
please can this become another day
please bye yes there we go you can be
calm another day congratulations you
made comment of the day on the salmon EA
channel go tell your mom go ter dad but
yes we do have a bathroom in our bedroom
also somebody asked why don't we don't
question of the day anymore sorry about
that guys come up with something for
today what do you like to daydream about
mostly like when you're at work and your
turn base time what do you often
daydream about I found myself
daydreaming a lot about being in the
woods I know that's weird but it was a
daydream but then I got this Oklahoma
place and now I don't daydream about
anymore I'm living the dream now I
daydream about probably my wife's butt
alright guys don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
can you believe it guys
all right we resolved to done HQ
arguments what you know what happened
active line damn on a Brigitta but it
was your idea
