you are my brother you are my sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
heart whipped up two things love we've
got to give Oh
in this together - michael shores and
Omega a all hours you are you doing Alec
hmm pond and deckle good job look at all
these little eggs he's making my father
goes to another place to make that a no
the next page of these we go sir
please come in here welcome ha I'm gonna
save the world
what's a polina zone stay what a three
rates have been so amazing so far the
kids did get up earlier than I expected
them to I'll say that but we had a nice
relaxing morning at breakfast then we
had crafts and learning time we play
some board games down here while Juliet
took her nap and now the kids are going
to go outside jump on a trampoline and
everyone's been in such a sweet move
clown awaited and ethnic guys and red
light and we're running pretty late my
phone was dead and I was cooking and
cleaning and getting stuff ready with
Julia and I totally lost track of time
so the kids are all outside playing in
the rain getting all nice and muddy and
wet I wasn't ready to go yet baby I'm
ready to go yet and it was like we are
rainy dreary day so we made it to
gymnastics
Terk you in there
don't know
smiley faces on both be and how was
class
was it good what was the best part all
right miss together hey Jimmy you done
did all of it and have thirty cheese
can't come and I'm gonna have time no
see guys I've been working on video all
day long run right you just fall that's
got to be a little frustrating to be
rained on one of the ticket
come over on your body
how's the chocolate cake trouble put
freeze on
yeah thank you she had natural eyeliner
this is my voice Ben said he had a fan
base but nothing
- gorgeous the album release party okay
I've been working on a lyric video for
30 a lyric video for taking forever
because he's so picky look at light that
beautiful luck yeah whilst you were
saying that that beautiful thing I'll
check it double rainbow oh yeah really
beautiful guy everyone again look at
these guys go back look in the sky
beautiful real very rare we go hunt for
fun for both treasures okay let's do it
let's go find the end of the rainbow
beautiful
did anybody sing this song yet don't
worry my song yeah you betcha move here
ratney has and once unless someone has
something you can't do this he always
does that when he didn't our he did
sissy you can keep this then he comes in
my room incense can I keep this and I
give a bathroom but but I give it too
many times already
can you take another hot little buddy
can find you another one
hey you can't just go hold on it's
pretty sad no no one of our I want to
eat do you think I want to keep one how
about just one buddy
for tonight all he said is you want to
keep it in a day you can borrow it for
three days okay
for three days buddy she won't let you
say you can for five days just get to my
visit that you can get it back Abraham's
sake thank you tomorrow you're going to
get it inside day you're going to give
it back to me okay buzz good but not
today
No one two three four five days okay
you're not any prom good night like can
I like yeah no Symphony say good night
Danny which one do you want me to speak
first
llama in pajamas or what's that mittens
which one that's mean the rest of llamas
in pajama Oh chantix picked up a great
day right honey did you have a great day
pretty good day he's very productive she
says that's good wish I could say the
same
you just said earlier you know you
worked all day I did I worked all day
but I don't like being in front of a
computer all day it gets me down I got
to get outside and put my hands on some
wood from Mahalo Bruce I'm addicted to
escape rooms I went last week into one
called criminal binds so so so great
I bet that one was creepy I think me is
it to him already I just want to go back
so bad I want to go like every time I
was on a date I want to try all of the
love of school but it was just so
impossibly hard but you're in a room
full of people either way and except the
one where it's like the couples night
out date night dinner date
well guys don't forget yeah we love you
we love you guys and remember remember
to read each other
oh and fam basic org it's just around
the corner I'll be the hand that you
can't hold when you can't make it on
your own I promise you and not
but in this together
we can't say
like if I don't share he says that's not
fair if I don't share yeah what test get
reading they fall fast asleep
