Oh moon call back and it's over and
there's together good morning guys
resurrection breakfast is already have a
kids version right here check it out we
have scrambled egg to the kids
strawberries and our muffin to with the
center cut out because this stone was
rolled away today on the third day whoa
do you see your resurrection you're
gonna see through the strawberries with
the guards here and I'm your bear
direction muffin do you know why it cut
out like that
I've read a lot of Swami I don't have
horses to have apple juice that's good
please please you got it let's say dude
right there huh
copy Resurrection Day everybody what
face is that buddy you're broke you're
broke a well oh that's your prophase
happy for Easter Bunny pi day I know why
I came out of burning pie hi Stephanie
good morning - bunny
we are already in out the door and
pretty much on time we're late by three
minutes and then assuming we mutt I
ready tester windshield wipers and
ravenous with this guy she wants her
daddy and all my home
she got poopy in a car
hang in there baby oh look at that face
you know I find in our culture is just
like in a day of Jesus
you're welcome to confusion about Jesus
on our side of it is on confusion - I
don't kind of confusion about what
Easter even means if possible that Jesus
is not remembered there is no
resurrection and people who follow genes
on the biggest school I am enjoying this
guy's look at this
I don't remember the last time for
supper my favor
leave that baby she's so sweet
another time about Andrea he's cute too
but bigger the baby well I said well we
see Andrea there's a widow Barney daddy
and there's Elijah and their statue
that's me
now I just came outside good morning is
a beautiful bed today after way their
house the Raider house hi
we have stuff all is walnut Apple this
is my new thing you guys I'm all out of
breath so loss about you we have three
grown men sitting in the living room any
Liza Hearn request and he's fulfilling
it so three buddy
Matthew Raider would you ever say for
yourself hmm
that we're training him how to be a
proper young man so should we send the
kids now I'm fine I don't know when my
cousins are getting here but we gotta
prepare for Easter egg hunt number dos
roll for a baby baby we have to prize
eggs for the day we have a gold egg and
it's over egg not much in it just one
dollar then put it on yeah maybe up here
hey guys happy through all this egg
stuff is a big distraction in fact I
feel like the world we live in now is a
huge distraction and we keep getting
deeper and deeper into distractions so I
think it's really important that would
just stop go outside words of less
distractions or those distractions like
God may force no mainly distractions and
remember what use this work what God
does for us hi my name is Elijah berry
I'm 11
my birthday was Friday okay what else
you're in GT yes you're extremely
intelligent you want a trip what
creative creative and intelligent what
do you do best at what subject
school tomorrow okay it's spring break
oh we already have our excursion I
thought this is Michelle is here and
open oh honey I said Andrew eating all
the kids today plum oh wow single knife
in there oh I dig that's it you love to
show up at 9:00 Berman no no your nerd
well that could be a boy or a man all
right guys before Easter we're gonna go
through what's it called an escape room
we've never done it before knee and I
have it everybody outside
oh god I want to just thank Andrew for
making it possible for Richard come out
here he's going to be taking her home
they're all about two hours away so
thanks for Hiro so happy to make it so
first you go for did you go you go
second you go second you go you go next
so our story is that the price is right
now if the president they just can't use
their name brace operate so look is not
on his side as a bomb hello in his
dressing room
yeah you only have one hour I use the
ball know what doc doc doc no way what
is that
all right no throw cuz of all the time
this Katie guys arrived yeah we caught
I'm glad I get tell me does he spin you
want stay in there and trying to do the
mom escape and leave the bomb for mr.
Baker's gate and leave mr. Barker I want
you to pick you you know you want
revenge
the Russians win on it okay this is a
big room alright so this is a surah
we're going to leave this room hopefully
which way should it go no stop we need a
leader we got to assign a help we help
do you think the retail type is more
expensive than the price tag push it
back if you think the retail price is
less expensive than the price tag bring
it forward you're playing this game yes
325 for the bubble bath I buy that all
the time wait don't leave normal this is
not that's what you have yes push it
back one is out there's been competition
and we're still talking like this you're
out how to play high like that right
this is not a good good as as best
before oh yes you recorded I believe
you've got something to do with it so
we're ahead like written like degree to
latitude but you added oh you added no I
don't think it's degrees for angle yeah
I think it's angled a little of turning
angles like I'll be going to arrow right
here guys it was playing that way
there's putting what way do not touch
it's pointing what way it was like this
oh wait wait Megan told us I'm on the
board up and down for what no 41 it's on
the coordinates anyone 108
that's going to be down here over here
someone probably going to push it away
and just there yeah oh yeah okay back to
the island
on them we go that's hot ok a little bit
right yeah oh yes stay right here
we're Hollywood minute Hillary down I'll
just say number again yeah so wait wait
let's start over wet seven three four
three
yeah and then northern 100-pound the
counterpart of the bottom no yeah okay
your honor
you're like code that most of all toys
you
I'll be the hand that you can hold you
can't make your little Oh baby I want
the mommy
oh yeah together
kanpei
