yeah let's make Spears go in this
together
what up answered the B to the a to the
SSE the kids are just having a good
morning together and he is out getting
her teeth did I know she's at the
dentist or all right I'll just but
something regard and see if it could be
dangerous I really don't know honestly
hey baby you let's put the feed yourself
that doesn't make daddy feel useful all
right but hop on in now there's Knox's
birthday present no peeking
dr. Shu we like to thank you and do it
Shambu dance comedy news you have a key
remember lifetime we had to protect her
this time anyone else
you guys have forgotten the playful
Julia got her ear yanked on by the EMU
so one of you guys sent her custom one
who doesn't know she has the perfect day
for her too weird about the always
isolated not
ever do this with me over here exactly
why I just hurt myself right there must
be physically fit emu snack wants to
jump six a little nervous about it this
is what you do for 20 Berlin sorry right
here yeah we're going to don't make
those well could you make a relative a
person waiting for the train ride
nothing about to do already on it before
everybody else
captain with you that I want to play
with you guys
all right yeah hope this doesn't bring
back memories for you let me show you as
I know you have had about experience
last time what what to do a put her head
on my shoulder and oh well now watch me
the magazine is hot the baby look
changes yes the color signs up for your
eyes did you Juliette face your fears
girl me you gotta fix your fears - she
remembers her she's like I want that
over here what is that guy a lot of
money a lot of money leave that thing
looks like you money give you the pen a
capybara luck kappa bear kappa very high
road
her name is nugget these nugget or web
together here looks like a magnum
oh what a chicken looks like that's mama
Kizzy look down low liberties
look like beaver pieces Marcus cookie
come over here buddy I mean kangaroo is
jumping oh shoot that video where the
guy knocked out acres yeah how we
feeling
did you want a picture with the turtle
and mr. jabber afternoon guys we all
just woke up from a nap I actually
joined the kids for the last half of the
net if you haven't seen my latest news
nest video I found one yesterday with my
friends there and we talked about mom
life
and one thing she said in the video was
how she intentionally takes one nap a
week while her kids are napping I was
like that's really good I need to adopt
that role so maybe this is the start of
me not feeling guilty about taking
enough and just letting myself do it
I'm hanging out with Chris and Christmas
afternoon I'm a lucky guy shooting
beanbags
we're making a new backdrop to the
church you guys remember the plate idea
how bad with all of that this was going
to be cool it's going across the middle
right here and we're doing the diagonal
board in between
hey be short those where you're short
I'm pretty sure you're probably wearing
puffs old shorts so we're just passing
stuff around maybe net halfway close
around
No thank you have an overall thank you
you guys are doing we were going to have
a full-blown play date but now I think
it might just be me and you know I
forgot to disappointed
our other playdate mommy made it Tessa
she's that new baby check it out so cute
says if anyone was like she's had any
kids and she had three we all have nine
kids total three kids each I wonder
who's going to go crazy first who do you
think I think the kind of us you are not
all right well this seven all the way to
one my they're having such troubles over
here Avram just gave up and he's done
did that wear you out
Ross and daddy tried to start the
motorcycle
hey baby do it even book that boy
no tired
oh I'll exchange your dinner for a
chunky nah I don't know when I want more
though
Oh sister is all about what did the
brush Jesus didn't move the rock and
guess what he got out and he didn't even
move the rock and that's what he stirs
all about he rose from the dead luckily
we have the real house hope you guys had
a wonderful good friday remember Jesus
died for us on this day and in three
days he proved he was who he says he was
or he is who he says he was and that's
huge and if you haven't seen the case
for Christ
or if you're watching and you're kind of
in doubt about what we're saying right
now you should go see the case for
Christ
because it kind of shows how and why
these facts are true receptacle Lord it
guys we love you and remember to be just
died on the cross for our sin I'll be
the hand that you can hold when you
can't make it on your own I promise you
and not
but in this together
we have
we can't they
