have they started yet
and this together
Abram want to see my shoes
and then the other shoe today don't have
to do it and it started for your little
Easter egg hunt earlier I sat on Isis
and you don't make an effort for today
you come home early
hey guys guest of the day is here and on
the day is a little like Rambo - my man
we're going to do an e as next video
over a balancing on life hashtag not
balancing and so we're getting ready I'm
going to put a headband on and you ready
my hair so tall I have can't like keep
it in the frames like I don't know where
you guys head over to Nia's a nest it is
posted by now
good morning guys I was about to go mow
the yard but Abram gets out of Mother's
Day out early today this is having
Easter egg hopefully we can
see a little bit of it I have a feeling
this is about to get really ugly
or maybe I'm hoping it's going for a bit
Metro your buddy anymore one that's it
no it's not that's a pretty one
how many can you get don't try
they said 12 I'm going to count them oh
you've probably had 12 in there
I'm gonna be okay you happy to be home
poor little baby
a couple of vlogs ago guys I said
depression was related to FOMO I didn't
get to add on to that so foam was a fear
of missing out more and more people are
becoming depressed because we're on the
search for pleasure everywhere we go
like we're not ever satisfied and FOMO
is a part of never being satisfied and
just like anything that gives us
pleasure like chocolate drugs other
things that give us pleasure there's
always a downside to them always a
negative always a withdrawal and so
that's how it is with life when you're
searching for pleasure and comfort you
become depressed because that is the
downside too much pleasure like
chemically speaking I think and
spiritually speaking God did not create
us to be content with this world in fact
you do the opposite and as long as we're
trying to find satisfaction complete
satisfaction in this world we're going
to be depressed we're going to get
depressed we're going to feel discontent
so my challenges to you guys search for
Jesus find Jesus get more of Jesus in
your life read the word and follow the
word and stop chasing comfort and with
that being said I'm going to mow the
yard instead of paying somebody
I will have the beautiful day to play
outside with your kids Tiffany and I
made up this fun game I won the first
time you want to play again okay the
rules are we have to make it all the way
around without falling off in order to
win the game you go far sis okay I'm off
all so such a network traffic at
Symphony school and I get to interact
with a lot as a students there and today
at their school was backwards day I knew
that because obviously I dressed
symphony up in backwards clothes she
wore her backpack backwards and nobody
knew why
today was backwards day it's Easter
weekend so why would they have a theme
like backwards day instead of like you
know pastel Day or Easter day or sunny
day or something I don't know Symphony
can you answer this mystery for me I
don't know the ticket didn't come but it
does something kind of fun to do before
spring break maybe everyone was asking
me why I had much mention it's not the
wacky day why did I love you wanted to
well I guess you're right
you asked me if you could okay I gotta
go to the mechanic to get me as a
windshield wiper pump fixed you'd be
surprised how hard it is to live without
thanks bro all right man the bus see you
later man
look at it died look at the powerful
battery died riding on the road so grab
the dying the innovation viennese me
home in a few minutes to push up
oh thanks but the kids are getting ready
to paint some wood that same card for
them and while the kids paint I'm going
to be making dinner and we are having
breakfast for dinner but not full-blown
breakfast we're having french toast but
not full-blown breakfast we're having
french toast we're having french toast
hey guys we're having bridge toast for
dinner this is going to be one strong
beam subby can you say our prayer Oh got
your head you can't say dear God dear
God thank you for our food and he drew
lot from food thank you for our family
if you fall off family thank you for
dying on the cross and rising from the
dead
Tiny's oder cloth we love you we love
you in Jesus name
now you can eat you do oh man we were
having the best time in years she was
laughing more than I have ever seen her
last before I went got a camera took her
with me of course came back and not do
on do it
yeah you can't a good nigga get out she
was in giggling at everything earlier
Oh daddy
I'll be the hand that you can't hold
when you can't make it on your own I
promise you and not alone but in this
together
we can
