hey boys look it matches my house oh
yeah she's in the help
Oh Freddie I can't wait to put it over
into a dish let your stomach hurt ah so
her closet I think we came to the wrong
house you are my brother you are my
sister made by the same guy loved by the
same
we've got to give
waaah end this together
good morning top a Long John how are you
we have a couple of dinners to deliver
friends from church this week and I have
got to get shopping
and back home now and I'm doing
slow-cooker herb roasted potatoes and
chicken love cooking with fresh herbs
and I'm doing very often rosemary basil
thyme he did it is now - almost 1/2
hours into the cooking process and here
is how the dish
dami the chicken is looking nice and
juicy I'm going to been to the beach of
the agent SSD man to be to the egg fans
I mean today and Gary can you say that
in here and really you to do a to the S
entered boobies Oreo is doing good by
the way guys she was at the vet while we
were away and they gave her a couple
shots you said tonight I'm going to give
some hennas on steroids
she's not sick anymore buddy yeah
definitely looks my brain out here I've
been working on this this is the new and
improved shelf see how perfect I haven't
fitting in there now so they look like
before not sure what I'm going to do
with this one yet though I don't know if
I want to save it for a new house or
give it away to my sister like at times
I'm just going like it is for Houston
Amanda it is Keith and I have very
similar take place what good I have been
slaving away in the kitchen all day no
not really but I did learn how to make a
new sauce and it really stressed me out
for watching the season Amanda it's no
worries at all I'm happy I learned how
to make it just being honest it was
really hard for me I learned how to make
the sauce because calendars
Oh fancy - dinner door closed what a bag
of my space oh Jesus getting her shoes -
Wendy joining a white jacket in this
together
wet wet baby rain that's pretty great
what is it
our so allo
what you lookin at my mom has a course
of the company of Judah it was the
fritter while the other kids are
gymnastic
I guess not
why are you
a Boston
that's more than I can do
what animal did you learn about today
room I got to make this kids a balanced
team I've been warning to today while I
was watching them I was like I gotta
make them about them I just kicked my
ball how am I gonna reach my daddy
together the power ended early
I always like to think razors she's so
awesome Terry I'm not sure dr. bell
sucks babe I guess so this is Brian guys
I don't know if I'd say this he
introduced Reiner this guy is really
smart it's about all I know about him
Grady he used to own a boat another that
it is I sold it from problem mm-hm
what exactly give you man
your oncreate construction can go crazy
thank ya
this is the wife Kelsey hi like rgc
represent we do
the Lord gave me this journey and that I
have very knowing you got a door and the
gate
hey lumpy at the Bonhams next week
client is going to be a send up for just
wrong yeah Randall's get to the car
round up the writer Luther King Atlanta
Braves really can you round up the
Raiders wait my cell woman yeah hippie
guys shoes on come on shoot right here
down here in the corner sounds like what
you need you're gonna leave the fan
basic and my place is on here oh well
they're welcome to come but a cool what
do you guys want - oh they want to go
cute come on guys get in here get it
well what hurts oh don't forget guys we
love you and remember to love each other
a hairnet you get home when you can't
make it on your own I promise you and
not alone we're in this together
Oh
