hashtag I woke up like this and she did
too I really
morning guys were off to Navy Pier we're
going to go explore it finally hopefully
won't close almost this time hope we are
in a hurry but you got to get back to
the hotel before well children here will
give you guys a server you are my
brother
you are my sister they by the same guy
loved by the same heart we've got to say
stuff we've got to give
but and that's together here's what the
first ones here
everything's still closed I still
haven't gotten Congo shirt I'm looking
for the perfect one I found the perfect
one in New York not really patient they
actually mean painful to it are you guys
halfway open
is this my legs come here
under shirt I always like the girl
shirts they have the most that one is so
cool
well they care that an immense really
exude such a really cute figure Connie
really regards up my mom we're going
through a maze guys oh this looks really
cool oh whoa gosh
mirror I'm gonna get like high anxiety
Sam is seriously trying to get us out of
here now we've been stuck in here for
like ten minutes
going round and round so we found this
paper door
I don't know wait wait you guys are we
even supposed to be back here if you
have a fish Minerva I tried we're
learning about her good luck oh that's a
ROG I got so busy walk with scissors Wow
your worlds in heaven okay honey yep
three two Aki's reason to birthday
Ronald
we're so happy to help you raise the rap
that was thank you behind your revenues
I join photo the Ronald McDonald House
which Kati you guys know she just left
the Ronald McDonald House and they were
discharged from the NICU and everything
so this local I feel like an emotional
connection that I could do any video
where they're making a video montage we
head there Chicago I was noticing of
glittering water is here it also like
this oil on top of it young music that
are really reflective supreme ruler
except without the rainbow and the beach
happens to be called
ever Tiffany because of watching mommy
and daddy about the gentleman you see
saw awesome I wish you guys are here
I do true turn up you jealous okay yeah
you to Abram I also got me something oh
I got me a giant slinky we're at the Art
Institute of Chicago now these beautiful
wines reminds me of our buddies at
Bailey looks like a lion
we are now at a I see the Art Institute
Chicago have a little challenge help me
self-employed
we have to take note of everything you
see and come away like the moment impact
for momentum of T and Y okay we are now
Urban Outfitters surplus there are only
two these in the whole world in the area
yeah and the other ones in a different
country if I'm not mistaken that's what
somebody's home so here we are at the
only one in the US you guys know I would
have C shirt Justin today some of you
asked me about the absolute favorite
dress and I'm hoping that my I actually
came hoping to find one of these cameras
I forgot mine at home there was one on
the floor that's digital kind of rushed
me out you guys didn't find an old look
sorta for hungry I'm rushing myself Jake
thought he was just a closing this
little fit so beautiful room on screen
song I've got the eye of the tiger but
uh you're gonna hear before that's what
that reminds me of just touch the mouse
with a lot of songs Chicago you guys
know this beautiful places try customs
ooh it's Lincoln Park and I can't help
but be reminded well obviously we got
her and Lincoln books he's climbing up
your windows he's snatchin your people
up say that a haja kid tied to us it has
my Hodge kids Hodge why you don't have
to come and confess we're lookin for you
we don't find you and you can run and
tell that run and tell that homeboy home
home homeboy we run Schiphol I've had
two husbands
Godwin guys this is just for the Meetup
I cannot go to that meet up cat the
beans without any sex we're kind of
collecting the little miniature films
now also call the ground game for your
heart are you eating right um we are
going to get some coffee while we wait
to get there 20 minutes left until some
of you guys possibly maybe lose they
hide yes got engaged in the back of an
uber car is there you're mean you almost
kind of rack or she almost hit somebody
it was like oh my gosh thank you for
that wake-up call there's a wake-up call
for me you're going to start living life
like it's my last yeah has like we marry
right cinnamon yeah so we marry me and I
was like yes sir why not like you
serious 356 affectionately on our side
reviewing the translations for the club
system of the latter to know that they
believe we're hearing neighing the
beautiful being and we have our first
fan meeting this is Corinne how are you
good so excited me you guys are so happy
you're here got some really cool
keychains yes
Garrett's popcorn cannot wait that'll be
our airplane snacks junk you cannot have
Chicago a Nuggets your software so it
was
your old friend behind here is here what
are your names
Alison and paler
fewer such as b-girls we have another
fan hey girl are you from Minnesota nice
to meet you
more friends back here hi what's your
name honey Lydia what are your name
Haley you guys wanted
I know it's not easy
nice to meet you and your mom hi
yeah you are happen to digital affair oh
I'm Elysia I'm October hungry
so much behind the Wow so progressive
here Americans are always boys
no I'm guys watching I Love You Chicago
convert see the best foot seat you've
ever seen better be ready here goes
unbelievable the toilet seats are
amazing
believe me trust you and believe me
smoothness turns out she did go to the
new coil thing but you know the plastic
turns engaging in flattening I was
wondering as I sat down I was like girl
I mean I guess someone just listened to
my plastic here salad you get wave your
hand open Jinja new piece that a dirty
because I have a surprise for you so we
sat on the back of the plan on the
flight here now and they were sick of
the plane
and when the hairs like yeah so Arkansas
would exercise up here
first ones off the plane babe how the
bill
we have to watch the doors opening for
the first time ever looks like a
spaceship the doors opening up or rather
step by us off to Mars or cooler now it
what was it I never shared with you guys
my favorite piece of art from the museum
today it was a piece called
Lucy Burrard I love how it describes the
soft hands I always like look at on my
kids especially Abram and Julius a soft
little handy and the way that they move
they move so innocently and not quite
the same as even symphonies ancient
above I just I was really sweet adorable
pic original don't forget you love you
and remember to love each other
Oh
and nasty
but in this together
