that's a target okay guys first things
first I need a breast pump yeah but
that's not the right part this worked
now you show me more thank you you're
welcome
so we knew in Chicago you're going to
find out that they don't have time to
call stairs stairs
you just stare too busy sleeping up
there and drinking in the window up
there out of this place I think you can
get into the go this we wanted tonight
oh my here careful eyes right here so we
really have you guys ever been to the
top of Sears Tower
oh I haven't so I'm with you if you have
it from a bouncing it was the world
South building for 25 years until 2004 a
building in Taiwan beat it is the sixes
tallest building was once on the great
pyramid huge space needle here's a
straight way our Andy in Paris is
stunning Eiffel Tower of 1,250 feet and
the Empire State Building in New York
and now we're here 103 stories up the
wall - you called
let me go first mature si that's scary I
always one of us tip around okay really
that's funny man over here come on okay
oh oh I don't know I got a little scare
school experiences felt dropping mr.
amazing on health side men can go in a
real try that's like Michigan
good luck did you know that we have
started the getting ready process of
tonight for the movie premiere with Lee
Strobel and the other people
oh it's trouble that's right I thought
I'd show you guys how I did my mate I
thought I'd show you guys my little
makeup routine that I did good on normal
I'm trying to talk your base these are
my staples and I'm going to be putting
them into my purse I've got DLS blush
artiste lip tint this is the goof proof
brow and then my tart eyeliner I'm also
wearing two-faced peanut butter and
jelly on my eyes but I'm not going to
take a big palette in my purse
red carpet premiere gotta do this
welcomes the case for Christ cool Oh
what are those after party admission
what work feel free to share this with
your friends
and of course this is opening begin we'd
like to do tonight
that's not browned out you guys that
about we office and it is the narrative
of all this our prepare foot since we
have until really cool to rocket when
you driving parallel so something so
small that you can like tangibly show
somebody like you know who doesn't want
me to vote but thank you so much moving
to our movies and cecile evidence for
why Christ is real and see someone who
totally doesn't leave in like totally
doesn't believe in a tasty idea that
mine Christ and start Calabria
planner hi guys are you guys actors
what are you just viewers okay cool your
kids you like adults right now no I did
like oxide eight seconds and for the
other one what is the men's vegetable is
going to restore II mean are kind of
playing interviewers here tonight they
want say maybe some of those big people
good job honey who's like Network much
you're good at interviewing me it took
off to go peepee now I don't know to do
myself
selector about the store movie people
are heading upstairs I just want you
guys to know that this is not a pay
promotion not in the slightest
we were just
there's a Christmas here you guys are
rock stars white and Damon airway when
you get the first interview you know I
guess is awesome
he is drilling her
okay awesome meeting you
this was one so we don't have to pay for
I see and I go get a sickle block from
you appreciate it
so the CEO or CEO who just interrupted
me and said go get the concessions while
you can it's all free good you know it
was I get it's all set up in here free
warm hot carnauba we get but this is the
coolest thing cool today like illuminate
yeah yeah it really is like the ultimate
movie day all right
movie time look at all these wonderful
people or at the very top portion of it
so maybe am i eating family yeah first
actually exams fourth ago investigative
series ladies your work is given justice
for families across the country
where's the Trump Tower now guys and
let's help chunk filled with stairs
you put the sfv and we got to give it to
him athlete not leave loose no fun you
guys oh my gosh I just can't contain my
excitement we met the main guy I met a
book producer we met so many people it
was just so much fun we met the
co-founder of PureFlex oh it was just so
fun anyway what to do common today it's
not coming today but it's tweet of the
day here's a few that we chose from
Britney Davis my kids for Christ when he
give me a strength to get out of an
abusive relationship and now I'm getting
married
oh wow congratulations Brittany that's
incredible Bailey joy he pursued me and
loved me when I found it hard to love
myself
hashtag Mike a surprise and Ben Welsh
femenina
case for christ the good Lord blessed me
one night ever since then I felt like I
am being included more at church it's
great and that's kind of my story too
becoming normal that church that's Oh
God working through me actually just
today a new way to be more involved in
my church was given to me well as
amazing yes tonight one guys we are so
pumped to meet some of you tomorrow we
are going to be heading to the beam a
little bit earlier than planned 4
o'clock instead of 5:30 don't forget
guys we're learning and don't forget to
look right what that's it wrong so tired
whoa oh my God look sake
Oh guys don't forget we don't even
remember one another
but end this together
