and I need an earring on there damage
and be classy whoops
Americans eat bad little boys like the
most beautiful whatever it's so pretty
come on guys get ready to mount a little
bookshelf little this is massive and
amazing yes cuz massive is in like a big
presence in the room I love it it is so
beautiful to myself twice shy at least
in you're blind and I look down there is
my little mark there's one more hangers
guys you can make a baby mobile I could
hey baby girl pick your color yet no
more preparation for tomorrow
and as we can
girl things turn their prolong our
birthday and I'm trying to see if name
they can come over because Julia is
napping containing have couple dates
which like never ever have forever
hopefully we're going to have to oh yeah
so we were potentially gonna have a
surveillance tape our friend Katie who
has baby but she got discharged but that
little Nikki graduates okay so they're
home now I'm here which is really good
for little adjusting a ton of Africa
scenario I am very well look at that
good straight it's not perfect but close
enough
I'm excited for these hooks on there
I've been waiting ages to do this night
just maybe just a week I'm excited here
we go
guys look at my trawler looks so pretty
I love it it's perfect for spring my
toenails look like little Easter eggs
getting Gellin toes over there
kinetic energy I should do that make it
last longer
- right now Wow
I mean entangled these first Christmas
lights you prepared this I'm not
mentally prepared for all this okay on
to our next agenda bullet points the day
sandy and I grew up with really good
skin not retiring like and now we're
getting older I'm 28
turn around yes it's like our skin pump
maybe have a little baby hat hi yep you
will do go Boop
II can't wait your table anymore mommy
pull it away
oh there it is ah we got a flood
thirties so we're here at Walgreens to
get some stuff we heard about number
seven my mom told me about it she heard
about it somewhere that's a girl's we
made it our faces are looking like mom
of three thank you and we're not even 30
yet I mean she even ought to be but not
a nice summer don't and there it is
without the books
okay Walgreens in Forney you didn't have
our number seven that's okay you're not
getting us down we'll just fine is
immoral but by the way jealous love is
that I am in love with this hat it is so
cute thank you for yesterday
loving it my brown black before like
they're all puffy but I guess they
really don't like that red shelf oh my
gosh you guys it is B Judas thing ever
and Sam and Juliet and their really big
step messenger Oh bookshelf sells you
Wow damn personally really I know I like
so good oh my god I love him so much I
don't know how I'm going to pay oh okay
this is old I know that's right I was on
this one campus kinda cool see what's up
there any of these books mine no no no I
bought that one oh yeah this is mine
what makes a man Phillip Johnson okay
you're here here just to mm-hmm he
carved it he's a carpenter now so Jesus
asked you for the pepper don't seem to
copy enough to crazy never know never
know life is like about the top you
never know what husband trait you're
gonna get
and say Oh carpenter you shall see what
symphonies look to playing in the
sandbox out here it looks like she's got
a cute little thing going on plan
they're having competition
what kind of competitions what do they
win they range advantage will bounce you
all okay and whoever gets the most out
of your mouth with those winning cry
bounce device oh you're so cute hey Nana
how are you Nana's here for this
difficult thing we're doing this weekend
you guys still don't know what it is I'm
no legend in don't tell I'll give you
guys a hint
it starts at us and they're going out of
town oh yeah cute are you guys doing
non non Dallas I'm on my way to Dallas
is wondering if you could take us
exploring somewhere shirt is could have
been about in an hour
Betty's doing
come on in that don't be shy around the
bright eyes of Cour you want to be a
preacher
Dre you're on camera the whole time
no whew where oh my god I should pull a
guy I've been on camera all day today
Donald Duck is up for the challenge will
he win against piglet and Everett and
Lala loopsy um yep cheated ten more
seconds I said push it really small he
said that about Donald is this one two
three
that hasn't done our best thing in a
long time not what happened well we
haven't done urbex ting in a long time
getting out together that's why I kind
of nervous about it
to make up his pyramid
his what kiss pyramid pan did you notice
I said pyramid yeah I always had some
period it's time to print out the winner
oh it's time to pronounce the winner to
get their mouth cancer look we made it
up here Wow look at it now let's look
down this way
this way buddy we're going to look
around man you better hot we would be
Wow
not surprisingly clever everybody look
at already this is so cool oh man oh wow
let's you're thin this door just some
graffiti see the graffiti check out the
fly and then come back up
maybe okay first I'm going to do the
height I'm not sure those two it might
be tired and effort and Maria but if you
guessed it you'll be the winner in
disciplining ball at the end oh wow go
her go her Marie you get one
yeah we'll watch it wow so clean in here
really pretty in here like the light
coming through these little you don't
get this in the background so we got in
trouble in a way out not in trouble but
we got questioned on the way up
is it trespassing if you're walking
right past everybody into the place
making it apparent that you're there
there's still trust nothing and like
we're not hiding from anybody they knew
we were there yesterday
Brandi Frenchy I don't know no I was it
was a thing today was saying yes they
would say this but but legally can we
get like arrested because we didn't run
through security hit do anything we
didn't break any rules that we were
never posted so maybe not maybe didn't
breaking laws it was nerve-wracking I'm
glad Matt came because he was like
interacting with the lady or distracted
her where I got a broom in the car
buckled up there you go yeah I was
trying today just tripped over and just
hate answered customers regularly he hit
a peanut rebar hangar man alone McDonald
up we go scoring every time in game a
sausage cheaper sausage an egg this way
you selling a hamburger and then we also
get a car wash but he wasn't up for a
car wash today this is a daily
occurrence
Juliet let's become be nosy when the big
kids take their bubble bath
so cute if you mean on your head on your
back on your head you have no opinion
my guys my awareness for cleaning the
bathroom has been incredibly high you
would you do it would you cool we put
there with you said you could you say we
do we doing - good good
that Sophie is that Sophie let's get the
comment of the day it goes to Katie King
I'm confused will someone tell me who
lost their daughter in a car accident if
you guys recalled the woman I worked for
at the Pregnancy Resource Center she was
on the vlog a couple times she goes or
Cherokees in our GC group for a while
her daughter was killed in a car
accident please keep her in her prayers
so tomorrow we head off to tomorrow got
a pickup for you from the vet I took
order to the vet today she's getting a
shot for her heart worms and then
exactly 24 hours later they give her
another shot to finish it off and so
they keep her overnight to get that
24-hour mark just perfect we'll catch
you guys tomorrow it's gonna be fun trip
really looking forward to it don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
you can't make
mess together
but in this together
