what up painted to be to the a sick you
guys don't see what I'm up to
there's a lot of wasp in here so I'm
working on this really cool bookshelf
flash book suspender I saw one for sale
on a random website and the thing costs
200 bucks and I was like man I really
want one of those I could just learn how
to do it myself this is the part that
goes against the wall and these are the
book hangers these just go in this
little slot here like this okay this it
sit down in there like so and you can
move around based on how big your book
is he has a probe what in the world is
he do anymore
it's gonna be awesome I'm really looking
forward to finishing it it makes more
right now
and there you have it ready go me every
came outside said babe finish up good
this isn't he just said after making 14
of those little hooks I figured out a
better way to make them a prettier way
and a faster way to make them now let's
go as well but that's just how it is
when you're doing things yourself and
you don't have any training just learn
as you go and everything takes a lot
longer but I'm learning a lot of them at
this exciting little people over here
you know that haven't we go from that
stick sipping you wanna stay here at
Burger King
yeah I understand and I can I'm on the
cookie god this is just so sad me it's
so sweet making this for their family
and so hard to think about you know
losing your daughter correct and
suddenly like that tell me what is the
basket for someone who's mourning their
daughter I mean it's something to do to
show that you care about 50 but we do
gymnastics go start this baby early
little bubby
their booty get it buddy all right this
marrows be can't baby they will do that
now work we came on our trip with that
that was awesome
did you guys see that making progress
that is so good I've never seen me do
that you couldn't do it for nothing
living understand that's what I'm
talking about what what is that thing
what is that thing
hey from how far bud good job yeah
okay companies trust having lots of time
let's go girls yeah yeah baby here we go
it's totally cynical again we're pushing
it around really fast so cute you can
all over the place now
let me down
gymnastics is over and now we're off to
Kiku
did they get a cartwheel circle today as
a job these are all mixed up and turns
turn for us today gymnastics and GC one
day I don't even know what to do myself
long so we're going to see on Monday gel
for this template which is nice because
we're in rock wall on one layer to make
extra trip here alright guys time to
break the egg egg you never heard again
okay for the egg in the middle oh that's
yeah do this the easter egg no marks is
good to picture her babies love babies
can be good daddy
hey good pics NOx Evernote kick ready
and open the mouth well this you know
you can oh that is creepy dude what in
the world do you know laughing daddy
stop you new ski from Walmart full-arch
luck this seat
no it's a different one on your Dennis
truck Wow oh I like that truck
lieutenant Gerke back Donna just a Honda
car seat yeah come on a car seat wow I'm
thinking of maybe trying to get a truck
- I've always wanted truck
are you free 30 0 that means you can
almost at 40 years oh yeah sorry
whoa that's also my 38 yeah 35 years
that's you're in here 40 Billy's here we
got a convoy of hope box me and I were
part of any genius come with hope
campaign I guess call they raise money
what is it what is it what is it what in
the world for me a curling iron
how did you get that nothing your fruits
Mac man little turd not everything for
you man what sort of invitation sir
napkin Andrea's wedding pertain so
wedding Andrea and Matthew
this was a good time to let you guys
know June 3rd
so there will be no blog on June 4th
we're taking off during the web and we
won't be vlogging that day it's in order
that knee and I can both be fully
present on their wedding day we're both
in the wedding I'm one of his maid of
honors and she's one of her dreams and
so looks like I also got a safety recall
notice from Condor one of this was about
Honda have decided a defect which
relates to 2000 2011 also pilot how
funny
I'm a passenger front airbag inflator
ruptured metal fragments could pass
through the airbag cushion material
potentially resulting injury good to
know I don't fragments of airbag
inflators puncturing Nia's face during a
car wreck hey guys what's up as of late
I've been trying to wash my hair less
and I think it's going to be better for
it because I've colored it so much as
you guys all know it's just really
unhealthy so I'm trying to wash my hair
once a week and just use dry shampoo
when I can
however I have been failing I've watched
it every three days this last week or
two but I got this hat so I can wear
like with my t-shirts and stuff when I
feel like my hair is not looking so
great on top because I'm really trying
to get my hair healthy again so today I
did wash it I let it air dry naturally
an award in a braid I have had no heat
on it and so the next couple of days I
mean not tomorrow probably I'll fix it
tomorrow but um once it starts to look
kind of raggedy I will just wear my
little mama bear hat do you guys like it
call names of the day comes from any
woken
I must know Nia's coffee order at
Starbucks lately I've been getting a
grande iced almond milk cinnamon
macchiato tomorrow I start preparing for
something really really fun that's
happening this weekend it's amazing it's
fun and something you've never seen us
do before here on Sam and Nia and it's
going to be amazing and tomorrow it all
starts
when you can't make it
you
but endless together
