I don't get it
this kids really dragnet better take a
good sharp clearly dragged me by foot
out of bed out here I'm still half
asleep
regular inside are we can I turn the
room
you're welcome buddy
thank you right we're so welcome guys
labor take this famiglia
a tiny taste of some build-a-bear you
gotta you gotta keep this up on your
shoulders good morning guys I am
organizing Juliet's closet I have these
little bins that I got also for
Symphony's room and for mine and Sam's
closet
and I must put them together and
organize some of her stuff okay they're
all put together and now it's them to
put stuff in them over there
change of counsel in hi organize Jessica
I try to a good organizer I might have
secretly saved this jumper while she was
here but in organizing how about I'll
hand you stuff and you just had which
would be best to go in which box
together because you are good at
organizing all done it looks so much
better you guys I've also cleaned out
all her drawers and either her size
12-month onesies and 9 to 12 months
jammies these are little sentimental
keepsakes except these are diaper
crackers that still fit and check out
these adorable winter coats that I got
for the girls 5/7 is Kiki I got them
majorly markdown these are like $50
jackets I think I've paid $17 apiece for
them they're so detailed I love them
there's ruffles
there's lace it's cool there's perfect
for Texas winters because it doesn't get
that cold right away I mean eventually
it gets really cold like in January
February about November December early
January to be perfect for the girl but
I'm so excited you okay babe no everyone
has the city around talking and snacking
and everyone has also been ready to go
saying what are we doing what we oh no
not me not me yeah he missed the king of
the snacking over here that's not nice
because I'm hungry I said who's ready to
go to Chuck E Cheese go do it again so
yeah yeah I'm gonna I'm gonna cut the
log at Chuck E Cheese I'm going to cut
the cheese real no real damage eat it I
would cut the blog at Chuck E Cheese
oh you're so nice just like when you cut
today's vlog makes you put my lap in
there
there you go girl my mom so much is so
much short so first I said I didn't know
guys won't the shrimp like that damn
thang la mom I didn't know ladies were
sunglasses like that either you did sell
they're not the Matthews oh yeah got
your back you're mine alright we're
going to competition guys we all got the
same amount of coins
mm coin $25 each
whatever gets the most gets to keep all
the tickets come on all right needful
veteran completing it in your car
remember Nia if you lose you gotta give
your tickets over to the winner
no no yeah everyone myself is extra
ticket
low concern
go Guinea
Oh would you get me
this coming off the television movie
after the show
these are fine make it a little bit
harder for you wrong I want to make a
little harder for you well you got
nothing yeah that's what I'm talking
about Juliet maybe I'm not answer you
ticket
the bathroom buddy with the hydro fire
I think I'm winning here the competition
I have a good solid delegate game for
playing with records to see the other
one of ten people's on a cruise I love
all these tickets are for we did it
and then don't
i was'cause 1188 would you do yeah you
got there
Mia kind of give up okay so I want love
the new always wanted took a G I'm gonna
go see another movie tonight but this
time I'm going to go see with Jessica
okay because the past tonight it's been
unfair to everybody else that I've been
only taking Jessica wait a minute are
you taking just the castle dude
everything no half tonight but this will
be the last night she's leaving tomorrow
in the morning so for all you people who
are coming to our channel now just watch
Jessica you don't have to come back
tomorrow we'll miss you though okay you
can follow me on Instagram
what's your Instagram just in your mind
JSF FDA any um you re RT that's our
social yeah what's your social security
we got a pop room get I want together I
think but we need to set some ground
rules as well general number one no
Yahtzee
she played y'all seen her last me Oh
Timmy rules for me now checking it out
we do common uh when the Commons was
taking the news well now doing that
either no white coming to quiet
what do you think what would you say
about the movie in one word we just saw
ghost in the shell yeah I would say so
nice to come into the day sky writer
says the sandals are actually oh my dad
was on vacation yeah all right guys go
for Jam we love you and remember to look
at you love each other
I'm leaving
we're in this together
