good morning how are you guys doing
we're going on a girl since Bevo SIBO
baby be willing to baby happy belated
birthday
thank you come on you guys hope you're
all having a blessed day this morning
I'm going to try the new stain that I
got on our fence and see if I like it we
found something for other people you
like kidneys like you should be their
model yes you should be their model what
do you think it's a good color for a
while yeah absolutely
three what is that what is it is poison
just like rose gold and PowerPoint okay
oh pretty
it only took us to look at like 15 of em
before we did a byline a different actor
again one but another one ever know that
first why are you so indecisive
two hours later no only one hour later
and I have a showing Bebo something I
was kind of embarrassed to say it in
front of the worker because I would have
sounded so silly to see in the corner
right there when it says name was it so
biee baa this is B and bow I'm Syria has
a B and then the ant sign I'll show you
guys is that B and bow I'm sure it means
something different but I looked at it
and immediately thought be bow isn't
that so cool hot so custom lap time
anybody that's for Bebo everybody knows
that's not common be known everyone
wants to know where that came from
that came from my oldest cousin her
first granddaughter tried to say Greg
wanted to not as bebo
I'm introducing me bow to my favorite in
303 rifle doctoring to get that a
fallacy something is more mom okay
moment thinking it back you tell stories
with ice-cold water
oh oh it doesn't really like it so
serious my food was delicious I was just
salad mom wonderful stood and we're home
now and I am dressed for traffic but
first I gave Abram us Incred you have to
see it Wow awesome
knock knock you saw yes even Captain
America Wow
dude those are awesome so like something
in our time there are wings yeah they're
actually your size he's got them on
you're awesome man got him out your
favorite place babe that's my name yeah
actually my saw Oh are they they're not
daddy sighs whoa Nike yeah dude Nike so
I'm going to do this color on our side
and instead of wasting a stain that I
got for the first time which is kind of
red that one right there this one that's
one indices no on the table saying the
table will echo so I'm going to pen a
pencil not side this color
gonna match the table oh my gosh I felt
like you should ask them what also I
know but it's very hard what do you guys
think this was a hundred and sixty
dollars
should I go waste I wonder stinky dogs
and then go buy another $150 one just to
do their back here did you do that side
of pants okay ladies I'm heading out to
traffic so I'd be good mama
are you gonna be good oh you should have
just well I know okay I'll go and get
some bird poop on the shoes
get it I can't get there well you got it
how you like the fence color again
you're like I'm doing my hand I thought
you're done no I can't eat another thing
support my new outfit today guys can't
tell check it out and my dad sandals it
doesn't match you don't match I'm gluing
that yeah but your flip-flops match my
shorts whatever nobody looks a baby but
yeah those definitely got my street it
covers it honey how you like my sandals
they're like that dad on vacation look
what is like hit the nail on the head
with a smooth okay
does it you know my sandals hey my dress
is so comfortable okay
my counsel they're not really in
volleyball they're both fighting like
this mega conversation with me and they
think that I'm like contributing I mean
I'm trying to contribute someone's not
doing that well everyone what are you
doing buddy you just sitting in the
dugout sorry about that
just pick up your phone well sit nice
moves that's right I'm only holding you
and my booty use it on you little man Oh
sir get your butt in the game let's go
Bobby let's go
so Justin hey dawn brother from another
mother but the same fellow mercy it is -
there you go
I was reading the comments guys and you
guys are loving Jessica the special in
terms of here yeah you should this is
like those you gotta kind of common for
the day-to-day hips versus bro the
stranger just has so pretty in hilarious
and you guys aren't even better channel
with her even though you got had an
awesome channel without me or music for
comment of the day please oh look at
that
yeah guys just go it's macaroni you guys
have that in common with it
go chase them for your mom bring some
back home save it that's real Texas
barbecue for someone wow it's better
than the one at home I hate being a
widow
ah listening is making a bit of
everything there is always room for ice
cream
not for this mama though I've been
working out you guys like every single
day undetermined just stay on track no
ice cream for b1 I don't like babies
Osiris makes getting rid
how waiting there for him with me my
change back and he literally only gave
him back to thinnings
well I wait up there for like five
minutes so while those two are out
partying at the movie theater I'm going
to clean up my room and work out oh my
goodness you guys so I also got a
package today I open it up while
cleaning and look how stinking cute this
is they're so adorable little bunnies
and rainbows sparkles and they're made
of a really good material ah yes sit
over there
stitching sort of it I'll sit on the
side mannequin candy guys I got five
three okay cuz I'm not going sweet I'm
going to loose all right guys we're
ready the comment of the day right call
me Dad thank you Tom yeah so we just
didn't lower leaves really good we saw
life by the way and um very
unconventional ending was really excited
about that wasn't pasta movie I loved it
she didn't like you so much let's see
that one really alright guys don't
forget we love you tomorrow is on
Jessica's last day with us
one okay all right guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you
remember to love each other
nasty
we're in this together
