hey guys how's it going get some in
Abram are up to today Abram you want to
tell them what we're doing
Rockwall but what are we doing are we
going on a mommy Sunday yeah then we're
going to see tight as your buddy and his
mommy to view all my brother you are my
sister made by the same guy loved by the
same heart went up to this club we've
got to give
for Elmo
in this together favorite rivers ruffle
were in the bathroom now a Brazilian
presses into the super industrial
restaurant I have a feeling he would
think it looks cool so my friend and I
are meeting your son is here's our table
alright we go cool to Scrabble letters
are up about this Abram you see all the
alphabets up there okay
we are good thank you I'm having chili
hey nobody it's already cut for you
Abram and Titus tractors yummy pizza hey
guys look how cute this mommy sundae is
so handsome we have the best looking
guys in the criminal
well you maybe need to let it cool off a
little longer blow on it
Oh sleep friends you got oh I got you a
blue butterfly what is a little date day
without Starbucks right they don't have
a snowman it's not wintertime anymore
they just have butterflies so I got you
the blue one what should you say to me
I'm home now just because a wag miss I
love to sleep in she cleaned up the
living room he was missing Thank You
Jessica
somebody you can have any daddy mommy
home - napping when I left so I just let
her stay home with Daddy and Jessica
yeah I think she got her second napping
walls gone - please get out here wilbo
be nap before I go work out Symphony
head cool let me say hi say hi mama can
you say mama what are you staring out
baby there what she sees car bird
calling oh this is CBS pharmacy woman
inaudible pharmacist as long as you
clear the parotid sickeningly later
later
yes that's me so guys Andrew and I are
off to a ting outlet with little lady
everybody we're going to go do some
shopping some land shopping
some work to do and I need some sort so
I've been wearing the stain source for
the past two months
you need a bigger pay right I was going
to tell him that's why you go alright
fine
since then just says I'm getting bigger
and you get bigger shorts bigger
underworks funny that's be all black you
look at white sand Paul are these black
yeah the color necklace black not fun oh
the Xuan sir it's a cup it's a cup a we
regard
yeah I need to shut up she's never
stopped until the same time ago just got
out of Levi's guys are going to show you
what I got great deal here hurry back
for great deal
would you give up a life man changes of
the life doing stuff I got Oh mr. Godsey
Co get shirts like Abram did and my
Andrews making fun of them you'll also
get a shirt just like yours that you're
making fun oh look look what Stephanie
fine better I meant from the ShoreTel
made fun of her for me copying the
mannequin from cousin Mac am I surprised
you completely top of the manager
manicures got style I do man
yeah you need a new key card in here you
guys don't know that Andrew really likes
the flower shirt you can wear sometimes
you want bro oh thank you okay I got
lots of shorts I got be short I really
love these Ashley's big oh come on the
eight all the way first time getting a
camouflage shirt I'll be interesting you
keep all right thanks bro
these are the shorts Andrew was making
fun of what do you guys think of these
laughs every pleasure test we also don't
like this shirt but I'm going to wear
with it and this is a couple Levi's
shirts and another pair blue shirts and
that's what I got today guys thanks for
joining me for my Levi's haul video come
back next time and maybe I'll do all of
like cars or something whoa scared me
dude I don't know how to get him to take
it
hi everyone just applaud kid you like
that a giant work out for a uterine
workout teeth can't tell you guys like
these sandals and no you're fine I'll go
yes these are advanced angles according
to Andrew my patient hesitation to have
tensile j√°nos will give me a reason to
my toes over and trim my toenails I like
that about him everyone's you like to
see anybody be honest I already do these
are new belts is there a little bit more
comfortable going to Columbia and
cheaper for me everything that were you
dude would you get that me I got I mean
you
did you make your swatches all bacon oh
really yeah yeah I'll make your shirt
blow buddy
tickets in at school today she's
thinking about mommy mommy mommy mommy
you tree and a little bit of daddy right
you never said daddy home and mummy and
my boy sorry she says no that's not a
newest beautiful I love it well here's
the key
all right Jessica what's coming today
let's see a lot of these people like to
let me know their bedtime
apparently they don't have I don't have
one no a lot of these people family
don't have bedtime okay and let's see
Elena says I love Jessica she makes the
vlogs even more amazing than they
already are
oh that's no kind of you I have one more
DIY f/22 since Jessica is so funny when
she reads comet of the day thank you
alright that's an overcomer of the day
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other
you can
we can't make
we're in this together time is a license
to it science to Starbucks
