Oh morning guys how are you today
mommy how you play ah oh is that right
how are you today Gary how are you doing
today
like when I came to Lana happy to get
school beautiful hi whale destiny is
waiting for her bus to panic trinket
swap you betcha
you bet your buddy yeah why Bobby have a
good day at school I love you can I get
a smile bye oh boy hands oh hey guys
how's it going I'm making lunch here a
blue apron recipe Julia is having lunch
- she's had slices of black olives
cheese and Cheerios oh she likes it
she likes black olives chopped up what
all right if you like the camera can you
say hi oh it turned out really pretty
this pesto him at home pesto seems
already trying it we'll see what the
verdict is Oh Jim was nap time
Jessica's still sleeping and I'm getting
ready to go to the doctor in the past my
feelings have always been accurate like
health wise or and you know
relationships with people and stuff like
that and I just feel like don't have a
bad feeling about this but I do have a
feeling like I should just go get it
checked out I shouldn't just sit on what
I'm so gonna do that today
ah
I feel I'm pretty nervous
oh that's with her being in this office
and not pregnant fully the doctor said
it could have been a miscarriage it
could have been an ovarian cyst I guess
I'll wait see how the blood results come
back and then things need to progress I
will come back for a sauna because I was
hoping to get one of those today though
honestly I just wish I could take care
of it all at one fell swoop back home
now and so I'm gonna go for a walk with
the two little kids Abram where did you
go he can't find his bike let's go find
it
probably no face he gets in our new bike
shed huh who maybe can't believe how
intricate and detailed the work on this
was it looks like he just put a board
over some already flat surfaces but it's
so much more detailed than that you guys
saw it on the vlog yesterday hi we're
gonna go in a walk
ding all right oh yeah there's the bikes
let's get it out
oh my goodness our stroller fits in
there and everything ok we're going to
go around through the block Abram calls
it my blog because I have a certain
route I take when I walk with the kids
compared to how it is when Sam walks to
the kids
Karen my heart I'm having a good walk
today oh good looking into anything does
look at this finally gracing us with her
presence
good morning sunshine morning are you
feeling very well-rested good it's the
wind blowing it around oh it is a guy
just up he's got some great moves
hi I got peach just a little bit of
peach with some graham cracker crust and
some of my little cookies that I like
juliet's having fruit Jessica what you
get patient Lane heart no skateboards no
pets
Jessica get back in the car but it
doesn't say no love tricked skateboards
dude is a little little head Baba
ah all right got this sister what I do
I'm sorry I'm white rocks like you shake
hands that one over there that one's way
smaller than this one you mastered it
girlfriend
where are you gonna go exploring
I'm not going to jump down from me here
okay don't give up yeah we did you can
do we know you can do it together
battery's about the diner I miss it she
goes again she's gonna do it
hold on real tight real tight good job
Symphony I'm sorry you try buddy maybe
when you're a little older yeah Juliet
wanna try it but she's way too jokey can
she hold herself girls are gonna race
layer on her back let her go get her
head
I took your layer down
put her down this fly this Lily's fun
you guys like a Juliet let's keep
watching bye better her over before bed
okay Jessica and I are gonna go see a
movie tonight okay when you go to bed
can you say about the terminus episode
three last night yeah but I mean are you
allowed to so what I'm asking what is
your what would your mom say she say she
doesn't care I go to bed and I want to
go to bed you other sixteen year olds
out there do you have a bedtime pillow
I don't know sometimes stuff for me she
needs a bed time 6:00 in the morning on
school nights
so I'm get like two or three hours of
sleep really
I really messed up sleep schedule entire
house was your hair all stiff she wants
her daddy
oh you later upset
hi baby you're here you made your daddy
Josh I love her arm on her shoulder so
cute Josh hey guys I snuck out for a
little bit cuff has baseball tonight and
so I'm headed to go watch and with Sandy
had an 80-minute game tonight that's
almost an hour and a half south of dark
Street I had to park out of high school
to get to the field bus he likes so I'm
kind of on the Parkway look up he's in
the outfield oh he's so cute like that
oh yeah he's a little Titan I have lost
my voice if I stop screaming at me
I call him Kofi on accident through the
fence don't do that anymore he's seven
now you know you did so good buddy he's
tired
Cheska gnar we're gonna go see a bad
movie at her suggestion my brother said
it was good it's rated R though for Gore
what's it called pelvics
the Belko experiment but we're getting
to eat in the cinema suites which is
really cool
we're the only ones look at this he's
gonna be so jealous
hey don't go back we have a wall right
behind us I think you're broken right
now
oh wait don't know here go what
that is incredible what so we got here
pretty early because we want to order
before so watching Eagle yeah before we
start watching the gory movie I'm not
good at like eating spaghetti while
people are going at it heads chopped off
we did it was an accident but it worked
out then we're gonna order some ice
cream you can see that long road bloody
kill that were you gonna eat as your
meal yeah I mean there's like 20 of them
can I try one
I'll trade one for a nacho all right I'm
not sure we even finished just in time
will your memory is you ever found a
thing
the ending was kinda corny yeah just
kind of and very implausible for sure
but oh gosh
you guys want to go like get sick feel
kind of sick about yourself for watching
the movie and go see that movie would
you suggest the desk up to email friend
George just like the Persian babies is
it per is that bad well no the purge is
not that bad a bit so yeah don't go see
the movie Jessica's gonna pick comment
of the day it's fine one sy d D are you
is space cheap don't know how to say
that name says I had the same newsboy
shared as Jessica I love them could you
please ask her if she liked the concert
well I did like the concept very much
also 16 people asked the questions there
are some other questions in here too
kayla gray says I've been wanting
Jessica to come back for so long alright
guys don't forget we love you
remember to love each other
we're in this together
