hey broom open everybody hoping me come
on eat it
start it come on Abram eat it you are my
brother
you are my sister and they fly the same
time the fly the same
we've got two days of we've got to give
Oh
wah puttin this together this is a funny
come on guys we are at Lowe's
Rebecca girl just looking out for the
special girls coming into town let me
take our movie friend understand Nia
when she says she just want to go shop
that elephant's killing about Lowe's and
hungry I just want to walk around see
what there is even eat and just shop so
whenever we find here for 30 minutes
there's no toys phoebus princess pool
toys we are now in the toy aisle okay
welcome to the toy aisle look at these
the wall planners oh man beautiful for
this beautiful level out of it why you
can't buy my glasses in my hot wings
made of hardwood daddy here
this probably works overtime what's up
bud
you can find my glasses I hop okay I
want to buy this thing - not shopping
for toys Abram heard his ear at Lowe's
guys really bad playing my little level
my big level was on the side of the
basket and I was I was turning it fell
over I had in a spot where would it fall
over but you picked up put it there so I
did see it returned if filling his ear
and he screamed bloody murder and it's
already swelling I've never seen him cry
so hard before he okay does it hurt
right there
okay even if it's on both sides I'm
auntie idiot
she doesn't recognize us in the truck
what's up kid
that's a lot of luggage for one girl
coming Dizzy's in again and can't look
right so jessica is going to be spending
the next couple wicked until Saturday
that's it yeah yesterday
Avram open up buddy hoping come on eat
it but it see come on Avram
can you hear one I have a cup of ice
cream cup of whooping ice cream ice
cream I think give him ice cream because
it's true to his point he didn't want
that's where the cat was happening this
was Jessica's first time to be a
chick-fil-a can you believe that guy's
unbelievable just so freakin ate
yourself now you can't eat that in a car
buddy I just cleaned my truck okay or
you don't want it for those of you who
don't follow me on instagram have not
seen the completed bike shed yet and
that is why I'm about to reveal it to
you get ready to feast your eyes I'm
most beautiful what should bike shed
you've ever seen there it is blue with
white trim just like the house or should
I stain it and someone to leave a pole
so you guys could tell me what I should
do
hi guys how are y'all doing today I'm
getting ready for gymnastics this is my
stack of stuff that we have to take for
gymnastics
it's also that Monday of the month of
the quarter that we have a meeting at
church so I'll be doing that and I don't
know what sam says I cut and the kids
are going to do so and worst thing on
there Sam
we got to get going I took a little trip
oh here's your ribbon
Haji Mastan we're going to be focused
we're going to have energy and we're
going to listen to our teachers right no
you are so I don't know yet but you
can't put your shoe up there hey what
are you going to do today what are you
going to do today listen turn your ears
on there you go
where's mommy where's Bobby hi Bobby
hi Bobby can you say please I hope my
goodness I'm pretty close they're close
enough
julia is starting to fuss in there just
a little bit so we are going to walk
around out here for a minute here is the
finished product of my hair you guys it
was really hard to get the color we were
going for because I had really dark
underneath it so basically I just wanted
to bring my arm right up and kind of
turn it into more of highlights the
ombre is just too hard for me to keep up
with my dark hair it's just not working
out I don't know
red is your favorite color now hole dude
let me see your paper what you do good
today
oh you got a circle on the seat drop Wow
good job okay guys we're parting ways
again I'm gonna miss you guys a half of
the church immediately we're gonna or
dinner at your lawn house no I know
she's not here I love you yeah Rachel's
here but not my mom it's so weird she's
just sitting there in the dark on open
the door
sorry sorry alright this is creepy oh
sorry my grits are you depressed incorp
hell we had chicken Express as you can
see here they cannot eat very much of it
I'm just kind of eating leftover is this
kind of how we do it sometimes we order
the kids food and all to see whenever
they leave over which is pretty much all
of it daddy
kill me you gotta give me on this you oh
yeah I got you daddy
driving the car now look at two letters
do they have picked up guys look look
with two letters all those here Pete
Thank You Pete cutie you know your cutie
when the flip you guys in Nana's house
but Symphony save the day because I've
got a cable and forgetting something
something is missing
there's a missing puzzle and it was a
viewer all right guys let's go home I
owe you watch the house for us what a
good girl look at all those he loved
that face of a rainy chance of your
favorite may be said what does she have
to like 18-piece now little bit I love
her lesson shows her own unique life I
don't
oh sure don't that guy say mama I can
you say mama
ah that just trying to country
baby voice comes looking back every
night - who will be comment of the day
today will be you will be you will be
you sitting on the floor will be you
wait there behind the computer comment
of the day goes to Cory Yost
congratulations you asked the question
that several people have asked can
someone let me know what happened to
Symphony and Abraham's gymnastics you're
seeing Saturday so it's on Monday and
you're seeing Monday's footage on
Tuesday and so he catched up so we
bought it on Saturday and then we hold
on to that vlog and post it on Monday so
it's not the day that footage wasn't
yesterday is the day before that don't
forget guys we love you and remember to
love each other
you can't make it
but in this together
