can you zip it get the Big Daddy
somebody you're like in this corner one
of those good gears in this together
what's that noise oh it's rain hey guys
what's up how are you doing today except
me and I are just really just lagging
around the trailer we've been stuck in
the trailer not all day I did a little
bit of work and raining off and on we
came here yesterday was raining all
night long pouring so hard in fact it
gave me a headache to woke up with a
headache tomorrow Oh were you really you
sandy I thought we decided if you want
you you're the big the big daddy why'd
you have to add big to that huh you know
I'm trying to watch my weight
and you had to say big what your weight
are you doing that you were just trying
to watch here help I wanna become
sheriff okay I just don't want you ready
to go outside if we can make it to the
car are you it's actually not raining at
the moment all right after I get my I
regretfully bought this movie I heard it
was good it was scary I guess I don't
know I thought it'd be better not more
horrific but less obviously horrific
know what I mean I thought it was more
of like a mind horror movie but it
wasn't you're a ladybug I'll call the
ladybugs and the lights inside you're
like the mommy ladybug I put blocks
under here you guys because the trailer
is leaning this way and there's water
getting it from on the other side of the
trailer where the pop-out is so I had to
bring it up on this side so we're not
sure what we're gonna go do but we're
getting out of here because we're tired
of being cooped up right symphony
guess we'll just go look at the lake
first let's do that
where am i you guys good morning I'm at
work with Chantal hey Chelle hey and I'm
trying out Beachbody on demand 80-day
obsession with her so long I didn't know
that Beachbody on demand has been around
for a long time I am late to the party
on this one but I'm trying it out with
her because I'm interested in this 80
day obsession but I don't know if it's
worth it or if I can handle it so we're
gonna workout together instead of eat
active yes let's pray
you say we go check out this road you
want to wonder where it leads do you
think it leads to the lake
I made it you made it through the river
sitting there going off-road I think we
could make it through that yeah we're
off road
kind of creepy out here I don't know
just something creepy about it looks
like a scary movie gotta keep the fan
basic dry think so this is a great place
to like drop the canoe off should have
brought the canoe could have it canoeing
and I'm in 50 trucks and I name it hot
my victory your victory Rob
dang it back in the car now okay guys
that was awesome and such a good workout
but now I'm back and the kids and I are
gonna go see sandy at her new work
that's right guys they even got a job
are you guys ready to go whoo so rainy
out here we're all bundled up in boots
my goodness what started out as a
beautiful beautiful day has turned
rigorous okay someone's jealous above us
see today you're gonna get a seat like
that too
and we share it when he's not in here
you get to ride in it sometimes there's
our blankie and here's Posse I'll better
read in a book
yeah I feel better today
Oh
can I please get two grilled chicken
sandwiches anything yes I'll do a kid's
meal with the six count nugget and a
small fry thank you
you see me scale mmm-hmm
ready go say hi I'm still saying hi busy
woman
this is Sandy's work Crocker steel this
big old printer and there's lots of
taxidermy in here too okay
I've been so funny here like in this
corner of all the dead deers
what despair why you guys alright the
spillway broken bow spillway there does
check it out
I guess these things open up and gets
too full letting the water out and this
rivers gonna throw up really fast and to
get out quickly
you're gonna catch a cold
the only catch cold where bacteria is I
don't think there's much bacteria out
here but it'll make your immune system
weak when people say the cold make you
sick they just mean that the cold makes
your immune system weak and so when you
do get around bacteria you're more
susceptible to colds why did the person
say it did you call it work calculator
catch you later
we had a rush out of there though
because of the rain we had to like dart
out while we could it has been pouring
off and on here so we're home and what
better to do on a rainy day cardio in
with my kids doing worship even though I
totally went and did a workout earlier
today the weather has just been so
dreary it has been like okay let's watch
an episode of something now let's play
for 30 minutes now I've watched episodes
that my melons played for 30 minutes
it's just been hours and hours cooped up
in the house other than getting out
earlier to go see TV but dance parties
especially two jeans this music always
makes us feel a little bit better and it
is almost 6 o'clock we're just typically
bath time I'll hope you kids took a bath
last night and we didn't do it this way
however were so many baths back because
we're all gonna kind of start fuzzy so
yeah
it's what's for dinner what are we
eating here so tonight chicken right
stick chicken-fried steak chicken Franks
yeah I want steak left really only one
thing but I guess I'll get chicken-fried
steak
he's using a steak knife for the first
time good job there you go whatever now
I can you get itself next time you get
chicken fries thank you use my chainsaw
sorry Mike and you never know what could
have been on my yeah Arnie do you feel
about wasting that Apple I like any
apple but and then I realize that I have
so much trouble biting into them with my
friend because of my teeth situation I
just like no I can't this yeah that's
worry about wasting this rice I have to
do your teeth - yo weird I have to do
with your stomach situation playing
situation what and not that hungry
situation
okay that makes sense I forgive you what
about this piece of situation hey guys
it's time to new comment of the day
comment of the day comes from Carol
inspect jimsim Bala was one of the
speakers love him even though BT
Brooklyn Tabernacle is a three-hour
drive from us we've been there several
times to hear him speak he was
definitely my favorite speaker in the
weekend out of the few that we saw they
were all amazing but he was my favorite
I thought he was adorable and I loved
just the way that he spoke and it just
like projected what he was trying to say
he just has a very direct and
straightforward talker and I really
liked that and I also thought he was
adorable so that was just an overall
awesome session that we got to be a part
of the Brooklyn Tabernacle Choir was on
fire and it was awesome but anyways you
guys we will see you all tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
