good morning Fanta to be to the a to the
si si today I will be completing the
doors to my little bike shed I'm
actually pretty excited about it and
well we're about to close the sucker up
and well and well oh well morning guys
maybe summer day those towers and babies
so we're here to pick up the tank I'm so
pumped on the tank for the Avon store we
get a bronze one year photoshoot has the
window was full of socks one two oh my
god if you look closely you'll see that
I put this little drip fashion I know
it's cold I did skip this part putting
the fashion right here good this should
go across there but no biggie I'm going
to leave it like that
Oreos going to be doing it with me all
the kids are sleeping including my
mother really excited about these doors
guys it's going to be a tricky job but I
think it's going to be well worth it
when it's all done it's going to make
that plain old shed looking thing and to
something nice to look at because I'm
going to be making the doors out of this
I think that shiplap interlocking pine
and I'm going to right now I'm going to
put a little cross pies in these and
then they're going to go in the center
of this thing I got to show you can't
really explain it I'm going to route out
a rabbit or a dedos I'm not even really
sure what's called that looks good too
our second stop is over I only have two
more places to go and just wrote my card
before we head to the penthouse and get
it started
this is like a friend for the high
school friend who's been out of high
school ten years of it yeah it's a
little trying well my friend and we made
a cut just before hmm see those two cuts
guys that's going to go in one corner
that goes in the other corner
I bet 245 maybe you need to be something
out okay
245 make 90 just made it too long
yeah - wait what so instead of kind of
figuring out that angle I'm going to
screw these together and just try to
keep it anything okay little wiggle room
that's okay here is our work space these
are some of the things literally using
while we're here hopefully we can plug
in and turn these lights on let me test
it right now we're hoping to have some
pretty lights
yes it works okay perfect you walk in
and just like oh hello this table of
whom you refer are favors think we have
to use unity what's your name what
Cameron Cameron it's nice to meet you
thank you for watching I mean Joe aside
when I get a term too many is sending
out this ticket at somebody's birthday
party I got a new one and it broke into
dishwasher so I got a nicer ones to help
us in less
being pretty heavy-duty and this goes on
your kid
the purple blueberries frozen
blueberries and peaches are going to go
inside that water what are you still
cleaning it right now yeah what can be
seized this way balloon balloon why we
have a few people here early
clear that okay now they are my barn
doors so far on the next step I'm making
my doors is cutting a groove like this
on the edges of it on the inside of the
doors so these pieces these shiplap
pieces guess what there will fit right
into the slot however a bit I have is a
tad bit too small like maybe like a 32
of an inch see it barely fits in there
oh wait mine just fit nice if you're
really tight thing you do that and then
fill it in with the board
Oh in the balloons up as big as we can
mommy oh my god you guys really know
okay here comes the real test why did I
cut that felt like that what do you
think I don't know that's a horrible
piece of cake thank you for it imagine
utopia soldier name is Carly Thank You
Carl is rockin why'd you cut my brain
all right here we go guys I'm about to
make the final cut here gonna be tricky
because all these are separate pieces
but I'm going to make it all one cut so
they're all like watch
Avenue for pono anything for please you
guys can see up completely one side of
this one panel of this door so now I'm
headed up this side this is how it's
done right here get these pieces that
I've just cut wide them into play
goes on around here just like just like
not like that they've all been meaning
perfectly the first problem I've had
because I pushed that too far down and I
knew it was my I want to marry me three
numbers here's your baby bottle and our
baby bottle thank you for the campaign
model giving you hey Mike I'm Cameron
and Megan mom status cool mom's matters
I'm just going to top it off you are
drinking effect as you can okay ready go
okay and you have to say what's in the
bag
with your eyes closed I cause I gotta do
oh I felt this is the baby right whoa a
really cozy little I don't want to
agitate some cake and I'm all bloom what
a blue
how was it it was amazing yeah I thought
it was lost on thank you for co-hosting
whoa
the dream team you know yeah whatever
that baby oh yeah baby shower going on
in there no I have loaded up my SUV
getting ready to go home well actually
not going home I'm going to hang out
with a me feel a bit longer but there
are some items I really don't want to
take home so we're trying to sell them I
posted it being on the Facebook trade
like super cheap a lot of decor for
super Chiefs brought you guys something
yes cars no not a wheel Matthew Andrea
four guys in one hand one for you one
for you all right guys here's your's
I almost got on the vlog to like I think
I'm gonna stand up now and get this like
logo stuff off and make everything nice
and flush I love them they're so cool
I'm going to do this one color and this
is probably the same color this is going
to be like it clear you're seeing on
that I'll stop in there today now you
want to go ride somewhere get something
to eat
yeah here really we're not going to go
hunting for dinner we're going to go
boarding for dinner
come on bro kick up the crowd
you can't go throwing this round Matt
you can't go flow on the throne no fun
your board is a lot faster than the
other guy
I'm just going to loop around here oh no
another baby
come on bro something is getting your
hair trimmed and Andrea's going to do my
hair hey this right here
okay guys never comment of the day
Angelina Robbins wants to know Mia are
you still breastfeeding Juliet to my
breast Matt get out of here no yes I'm
going to do it and once you let me tell
six years old you know well - I guess is
my cutoff I don't know I'm going to do
it and when she let me tell six-year-old
you know Walt who I guess is my cutoff I
don't know
don't forget we love you and remember
love each other that well you know I
love you guys
Oh
mess together
in this together
