I have you weigh yanking off your legs
dude that's really cool because I only
have to my sister they by the same guy
loved by the same heart
got to give in this together morning
guys
kids are just out here enjoying this
weather before it rains it's going to
rain today pretty bad so never gonna be
able to finish my little shed decent you
know it's decent it is the very first
shelter I've ever built so I'm pretty
proud of it actually yeah there's a
couple things I could have done
differently but I learned a lot while
making it I have here just paneling
really thin because I wanted to be as
light as possible but then I went and
put up the shingles up here that made it
really heavy and I used some plywood
heavy plywood and then I started make a
door jamb and start to get really heavy
yeah so anyway that's what we got so far
really funny because I had a dream last
night that I try to put a bike in there
and it was like as big as one wheels
like what was I thinking
my arm parts are going to fit in here we
go techie girl cookie so excited when
we're out here in our territory so cute
so cute
get all excited when you get up out here
I'm making cupcakes rebel is my face
okay pop cake they called pupcake and
one two three four five and still
working on them
everyone eats atj receive your hero
I'll go see there's the birthday girl
happy birthday bebo
I love I love fucking with me just how
did you know my god oh no I didn't whip
it up what gonna whisk you know pretty
looks like it came on the house I know
that's what took me so I want to make
sure it looked like it came with the
house alright let's see how it works
hello working pretty good so far she
came to greet me yeah her comes a
greater pack vivo yeah you're welcome
Jimmy use it no you went up the side
yeah I guess you know I never did like
the word a restaurant version of the
word restroom premise are thinking of a
restaurant
maybe a Western requested such a fool to
that I don't want any no number one or
two
oh honey sister these are the brisket
tacos Oh yummy pork chop first burger
for Christmas all together we had a
documentary this is a big day come on
there you go you got a burger expert
over there yeah but how do you guys
think I think you look like you're snow
you just always want attention sure
about 50 25 see what you think
so I am like you have no wrinkles so be
about what age are women proud to tell
people how old they are because it seems
like between 30 and 60 women will share
their age but at a certain point they
start sharing a lot like they're proud
of it
the what age is that shot 66 67 stuck
weren't even started it just kind of
proud of good okay thankful to God that
I got that upfront whoopee whoopee
I think about it's right we're going to
get every spice happy birthday from all
of us who use we hope you get our
packages guys from you guys so thank you
looks like we have Point barley mama
what's there so long in there oh they
have to scan every one of the mix one by
one a few of them guys don't make a
paper your packages wait I'll put him
back without radon
okay I've made it to Melanie's house and
her handwriting you guys oh my goodness
looks so much better than that mess that
I had how the statement she was you neck
it turned out so beautiful you guys that
we're doing a photo shoot of it this is
my first time to hang out with Melanie
I've seen her a lot at church so this is
my first time to hang out with her and
we really connected I love it when I
make new friends especially from like
our church community that I feel like I
don't really know at all and I don't
really know how to break the ice so to
speak and she was telling me she's like
I'm the same way I feel she was telling
you to that she feels the same way about
meeting new people and kind of getting
out there there's some what new doors
for to be there for a few months but
anyways I'm just so excited I have a new
friend hey how'd it go well you know
just coming home you have to see this
potty chair your yes look at mini potty
chair it is a little urinal work
I really want laundry rooms oh yeah yeah
oh no everyone was so good at steering
or goes back here joining the party so
it's a Dario
just lovely family success breakfast for
dinner yeah I think can I get sober no
drink my mate or to bring a real lot of
logging it up in your house Kela we love
walking it off no yummy I'm going home
now I'm just telling Tristan it's so
nice having neighbors there are good
friends you know I'm going to tackle the
kids in the car
and then we're about driving home and
leaving late he's literally two houses
down from us and they've become pretty
good friends of ours okay whenever you
come after the best mommy organize your
pajamas are all nice and neat so look
they're all together you don't have to
dig you just pull it out okay they're
all forget it see the shirt and the
pants not for me to make a mess on open
eight maybe because it is really sad to
lose a party like that are had somebody
made it it says greater when all our
names are in and John 13:34 from Rebecca
and Chris Rebecca Chris is a really cool
thing this was a really cool image
collection just putting him right up
there cool more than that Oh pointing at
her look
you guys you feeling yeah boy diggity
we got a goggle
we're in this together
