well it's got a little breakfast tray I
had yogurt on it but he asked me to take
it away he didn't want to spill it what
feels yucky today today I know what part
so sick on your body maybe your feet
yeah about your throat no do you feel
like going to school no you know it's
serious when this guy doesn't want to go
to school he loves school I woke him up
about 40 minutes ago and he just didn't
mind a bad thing he didn't feel like
getting up she's doing what I'm doing
honey hard making new choices like are
they really sick someone died on the run
this morning morning baby baby person
you know baby oh no oh no I'm not like
her planning by this thing see this
stuff is where Abram busted open his eye
hey baby look hot hot hot dangerous
thank you
hi hi yeah you think it's funny but it's
not hot hot danger oh I see shorts as
bottled water
well I didn't make the right call this
time Abrams fine
I remember the symphony just had
allergies when we took it to the doctor
so it's not like Abram caught something
he just had allergies to gave him his
vitamins he started parking up and
seeming like that energy so finding that
balance is like a tricky part of
parenthood for me like I'm going to have
to get it down right now because I can't
start bad habits so he's a little bit
late for school but luckily his class
you can come in 30 minutes late and they
still haven't really started yet they
kind of just play and wait for everybody
to get there for the first 30 minutes so
pretty happy site for this mommy I just
spent the last half hour matching kid's
soft so fun think that's how I like to
spend my mornings well
Juliet nap just kidding and I have this
view shouldn't knock on the window I was
gonna knock on the window and I thought
you know he's working with us all we
know that should be dangerous for him so
it was a little goggles on make sure you
wait from her nap she was so cute
talking in her bed after naptime then
all of a sudden nose on my way to go get
her and she started crying sweet sad cry
something if she hit her head on her
crib playing hey daddy hey dad dad
playing man out here
you look discouraged what's going on on
the walls horrible are you
and while Julia eat 10 legs I am
preparing snack bags with t-ball and
gymnastics and that includes cheese's
pickles and veggie straws okay I'm all
done
for those of you wondering if I said
anything healthier than these items of
course I do I try to send bananas and
oranges as fruit for their lunch boxes
occasionally often strawberries and
blueberries but if you guys have paid
attention to our blogs when we have
fresh strawberries and blueberries in
our house everybody eat some around the
house as snacks here so I don't send
them in their lunches and a pretty cute
lunch from a hubby if I do say so myself
this chicken salad sandwiches with
pickles but I do think I arranged them
on paper plate pretty cute
want to go take daddy some lunch let's
go take in some lunch you want to I'm
good hey daddy right
we're enjoying a little walk so guys I'm
trying to make a bike over here I
got one in two and done that made it
groove inside of here so this piece just
kind of slipped right in there is that
cool I'm Emily didn't like that to
practice my routing skills and don't say
it looks like a dumpster holder because
it's not she loves watching mommy and
daddy do stuff my walk is over and as
you see from step on my car I have a
little project I'm starting you want to
help me paint outside I think I might
take it in how to do it I really want to
do it outside the whole thing loves it
Oreo are you barking at oh hello just a
neighbor buddy we're inside now hunting
I'm going to put Juliet don't bring up
and get this project knocked out of the
water before she knocks down on my glove
room I hear domestic these are
decorations for Katie's baby shower this
Saturday and I'm gonna paint them
outside so they dry faster now I'm not
going to too windy so I'm doing here
maybe Drebin or a good time to put her
down now love I want to travel the Royal
mama oh please let me do the skin to see
dirty nose let's go clean okay so what
I'm doing here is using chalk paint
these little bottles from Home Depot and
I am chalk painting these Globes this is
the blue one of two yellow ones in an
orange II colored one I'm going to be
painting or like calligraphy in
different words onto each of these
globes and my biggest dilemma was do I
paint the whole globe with chalk paint
or do I leave little sections open where
you can see part of the world and I
decided that for the little ones I'm
going to paint the whole small globe
using a lipstick cuter oh you can see
underneath running get it very well I
can catch that up later and then on the
big one I'm going to make a little patch
kind of like right here in the ocean
with dojin is this
the Pacific what do you a mag next pause
look that's a high oh you guys you guys
made him his own little seat they've
been working out here for hours on the
car symphony no we've all been talking
in accents - hey give me your best
British accent tells of you or something
can you get me some rules - we've been
working on that okay I know we've been
teaching in the fakes I get so sad they
were like what do you say like a
15-month old problem they were little
okay Cup what's your best give me your
best that accent tell me something oh
yeah Janice he was speaking danezaa man
school the other day this is so cute Sam
I love it it's a little Playhouse that's
your next project you know the kids
Playhouse that's a great idea
you
oh my gosh you guys I just repainted
this globe and also this globe because I
wrote on it with my gold paint marker
and it looked horrible I took a picture
but I had to hurry and paint over it it
was awful this is what it looks like the
big globe I mean seriously I wrote it
crooked more Woodworking oh my gosh this
guy guys you worked non-stop for like 10
hours almost I'm trying to understand
drafters and how to create a roof and
the slope and an on the rise Verne and
stuff it just also called Academy and
I'm just trying to UM I gosh I love
seeing you like this I just love seeing
sans crafty creative side come out crazy
calm down today comes from singer doodle
tin she's such a cutie in quotation
marks and then I was about to cry with
cry face emojis
that's what Abram said to Julia he was
pushing her Sam hasn't seen that part of
the vlog yet he came from school today
and Sam was like trying to show him his
woodwork he was so excited to say it was
like but he couldn't look at my face I'm
like she's like kind of won't push
Juliet Mon coups car you went right over
to the goofy car shoes are you sitting
doesn't helping me build it but I'm fine
with that too of course it was just so
cute and that's what he wanted to do
right when he got home from school but
anyways guys tomorrow I'm going to make
doors on the shed it's gonna be cool
tomorrow's also be both birthday and
were going to go out to lunch with her
and she's gonna stop by and see her
rambling she told me on the phone today
she said that's my real birthday present
oh really so I can't wait to see your
comment of tuning me so crown anyways
make sure you wish my mom had birthday
today
and we'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget we'll love you remember to love
each other
Oh
but in less
in this together
