good morning to this pretty baby move
your hand got outfit so extra cute when
I spray it so it's also lovely outside
I'm headed to the hospital to children's
in Dallas to see Katy and Sam's doing
the trash so manly
ladies tip when your husband takes out
the trash just bust out and plan their
line man what might get mad yes yes no
like it you like that you like my song
oh man don't you want to know cute
here's know you I got a go at my shoes
and your shoes in case you don't follow
me on Instagram today I'm going to take
Katie and we are doing a fun QA all for
baby's heart so yes QA and we're doing a
giveaway 30 knows what's the giveaway is
that I'm going to give it to her like a
friend baby shower bag I have a sword to
Spago is me Helen was going to go find
watch my video use a little giveaway
okay out there
you ready oh goodness oh my goodness me
t if you love books let me pull this
flap down ah a little yellow beanie
Katie warned me that this place is
adorable oh my god all the butterflies
like baby
ha oh man I just keeps getting cuter
into this oh my god okay edit oh hey we
are getting ready to start our video
Juliet has goldfish I have a Katie hey
and we're going to use this cute
background I think kind of behind us for
my video how you doing good she just um
nursed for the how many times just I
don't know this is like the only time it
was like a full nursing session I agree
full nursing session it wasn't like a
let's try this
he's getting some a he's six weeks seven
weeks seven oh my gosh I'm she's almost
a month I'll be two month old soon is
this a big milestone yeah
oh oh
okay you guys got to come check out this
I'm Brown I'm actually looks a Juliet
she's gonna get her walking yes look at
this little thing you guys pick it maybe
here I have no idea tons of cool things
look this may hard people to bring their
kids here a little Museum in here it was
time for Katie to go back into the NICU
with maverick and so I am now it's
Justin he's cool waiting to crap and I
got here way way way way way way way way
way way way way too early I am going to
fall asleep only that can't happen me
every time I get close to as I die and
she needs something some like oh my
goodness this right here feels like
equivalent to the middle of the night
time as you can see Symphony is taking
the baby upstairs
be very careful honey Ireland fell
exhausted as I said earlier I got a
little nap in like a 10 minute power nap
kids are playing outside which is so
lovely and they do that and yes I just
chucked something in my room you guys
ever do that like you have to clean the
house you just kind of put things in
their general dirt can they go and worry
about it later I do at first
I'm having some African coffee there's
no plane or there's so much of it cream
oh wow we do that
so there's a meaning silence Daniels
okay missus 10 stirs coconut cookies
it's so good just as good as it should
picky can I have it flat
well I didn't want a very crackle no
taste it's a cookie mmm thank you tickly
that's it good yeah
oh yeah look what I found I don't know
thanks she takes off fast Juliet just
had a catastrophe you guys she's
crawling if you want underwater pipe
here there's this little Oreo girl she
ran red peppers scared her she has the
sweetest cry actually just such a
sweetie and you could just like see that
sweetness right through her cry no whiny
cries just like a genuine hey that
wasn't right for you baby oh no what
you're growing here alright we rarely
does it regular or bees yeah big big
Luke they do want to see how your big
big war okay yeah we're here and then we
do
then I guess move how do you smooth it
out like that
let's ask you this Wow Wow your side
that mom is going travelling mommy's
going to do a flip
whoa nice honey all right bubbling see I
do all right
cartwheel getting better at it
hi guys watch this beautiful saying I'm
going to read you some comments from
yesterday's vlog and a grace Abram
screaming was so hilarious and cute
hello
he was screaming because the song says
feet what does the song say in the
actual movie trolls let your hair shake
your hair not shake your feet son the
tills bad for kids because they use palm
oil to make it spreadable and that can
cause cancer some advisors using non
name-brand
we eat very very very little Nutella me
and I don't eat it we just buy a little
snack like a little dip stick dips for
the kids yeah I get sick at least once a
month because of the allergy you know if
anything since it gets itchy around like
trees grass flowers and JBoss you
debauch that's what I thought I was
probably just allergies
she gave her steroid because you have a
touch of Franck Idol sound kind of
symptom this probably has a lot of fluid
in her lungs from wild alligator just
giving her a steroid to help clear it up
because it has gotten bad over time
making sure the moons of Gaza mean
nothing here oh what's banana mate
goodnight I don't better baking me cool
pictures coming out man we're going to
go through school Island yeah wait I
remember when the first King Kong came
out I was just like I'm a really small
person came out what actually no not the
first one I mean the Peter Jackson's
Butthead men are talking about when I
broke a CD which are Pierre what we want
to break today
remember I think we should break that
reproduce all the drumstick tire you
have shaumbra did you just cut sure
large popcorn and I a large my food here
is that weird
you aren't should I think
no just not Bigfoot flavor do you want
to come I want the goodest flavor oh boy
have one choice
Parker
I think you working today oh not thank
you no thank you
wait does this is really funny you get
to choose some three different buttons
for your butter you know one here and
one right next to it and you have one up
here I guess maybe this is like a
handicapped one maybe I'm taking Reese
if you're in wheelchair I'm going to
have more on making one egg tip will get
your own folder this one's out too
though here we are you gonna press win
always do this one it could all right no
no that wasn't real quite right yeah
there we go that's it okay that was
hilarious
I didn't know it was going to be a
comedy it was both the comedy so man I
figure is kind of a mix between a
thunder and dress yes Tropic Thunder and
just park really good CGI but corney's
really good and it just puts on the
screen just entertain them and I'll make
it about nothing leave feeling nothing
no honey this is like let's just wait
fine yeah just make some money
the best part is keep an eye on the guy
with holding the briefcase oh yeah
yeah
IRA back home ganja comment of the day
goes to Polly miss longer I think today
was the funniest log ever probably
because when Julie hit her head so sad
but I laughed so much glad you saw this
funny don't forget we love you remember
love each other
master
we're in this together
