morning guys check it out I am using my
board today as a real source of
transportation instead of me coming out
to pick me up from getting her car
detailed I'm gonna read my board on
fission she doesn't have to get the kids
up wake up early mom feels good outloud
supposed to 80 degrees today every time
I get on this board guys
I just feel appreciative that I was born
or that you know I'm in a part of a
world that has these to offer no it's
just such a fun thing for me feels like
I'm going downhill even though I live
you know in a flat area anyway look out
the joint nice Hawk finish the rail guys
Oh beautiful I love it
my mom loves it takes me all about
unfinished one ever sees the finished
product that's local okay guys we're off
to the doctor's office now for symphony
oh maybe how can we not be skint we
haven't been asked to doctor's office
okay wrong family yeah somebody hasn't
been to a doctor's office in two years
we came when she was four the summer
before she started kindergarten said to
get four shots that year remember you
know we don't do a lot of doctors
offices and a nurse we got to be dying
if we're going to the doctor buy them
for the hospital and so I just feel
really concerned and so did Sam honestly
Justin he's been getting sick off and on
a lot decision I mean I think more than
most of the kids her from why have you
opened a divorce so quickly pretty face
thank you
so I reminded Symphony that she gets to
get weighed and measured here she's
suddenly feeling a little bit more
optimistic about her doctor's visit
remember you had a doc mcstuffins
birthday party for half right here at
this store how much does this bigger
away been forever what is it get to big
girl 50 pounds that's half of 100 we're
home now symphony tires want me to
taking her to school she has a little
friend who came back early or came back
late to the school year and she was so
excited today was her first day but I
told her that it's better to crash okay
why is this healthy a girl's doing out
here on Daddy's lap like this oh yeah
one time she got excited apparently
every time all three kids are
napping scholar that's always a good
feeling when all three nap at the same
time and I'm super excited because that
gives me time to myself and today I'm
choosing to play my new fave game gummy
drop look how bright and colorful it is
here's my Eiffel Tower I just built it
and there's real cities you get to go
and play in right now I'm playing in
Paris I've also been playing in
Australia one super cool thing about
this game is that you get real
historical facts about the cities that
you're playing in and I love that Eiffel
Tower the infamous con man Victor Lee
state managed to sell the Eiffel Tower
for scrap metal twice oddly enough you
never attempted to sell a bridge now I'm
going to go to level 11 that's the level
I'm on you get all these little boosts I
like this one the most I'm going to do
that one I'll show you the other one so
this little lightning bolt I do like
that one too so it looks like I can get
all three this time so I need to collect
all these coins all these little breaks
and this little thing that's a new thing
see here
census all clear all tiles and get a
hundred thousand score wow that's the
biggest score so here's my booths all
lined up down here and so when I get
into a bind I'll use one of these I love
this one because you can like eliminate
all those chocolate squares hello okay
that was a good one okay let's see here
ma'am use this boost yes give me all of
those little little chocolate bricks
right there
actually they're probably not chocolate
bricks ladies call on chocolate bricks
your cool thing about this app is free
to download and if you have the updated
version then you can play it when it's
offline so it's perfect for traveling
perfect for on-the-go or just like me if
I want to go somewhere and just sit and
quiet and play my game outside the house
then I can play it offline all you guys
have to do is click the link in the
description and you can have this game
for yourself fun it's relaxing and it
kind of just gives you a chance to
unwind and not think about all the
grown-up things that have to get done
today yeah so thank you to gummy drought
for sponsoring today's video and for
making today's mommy time my quiet time
a little more fun than it normally would
have been my boy and just wrap the whole
thing off into another one on okay so do
your ride maybe okay
do you look right here done you know my
corsage to look at you and we can lead
to decide because you're right there and
everybody right well okay is broken
buggy or coming in with crack let me
hear me it's coming on me
the girls wear a cocktail it is so long
overdue and I'm so excited I'm really
hungry for the first time in forever I'm
really excited about the energy you're
wearing a pancake and you're also
wearing a coffee yeah I have a drink of
that no please do cake bang this one
another favorite snack mangoes ooh
sipping here's a great snack for you
thanks lady game good like roaches yeah
Oh George didn't like you want to get
the pineapple into the mango this one
cause I got you a snack but I'm not
going to tell you guess what is I'm not
going to tell you oh yeah Nutella
you're too uh I took me a long time to
think of that when I sat there and I
thought and I thought and I thought what
can I come up with our area for our
viewers right now all right guys we're
making a big change in the reader family
but I don't want the kids to very know
about it we are not drinking cow's milk
anymore
no Sam we agreed we're going to we're
just switching brands that's all it is
cease we're going to get the blue note
told that we should started sweet on the
novel new intern I don't have all right
so maybe should we just DISA or Hanna
don't we go to organization right here
yeah I was talking with one of my
friends who has a little baby outside
she was saying that at once she gets her
baby bread breakup present under the
mortgage paid I try it today consider
her what happened
Oh Marie I think you do hitter
faithfulness
she gets her baby Fred brings up rent
American cheese I try it today get
Riverhead or if you got tears coming off
no you can have it rego Oh any help
Kegel you're lucky you're hot bikini top
Thank you very
hey smell are you trying to eat everyone
thought this was Giants drink you how
did you like Yu hae-jin cheese toast man
there's a good toilet paper did you get
the triple-ply
you see yep she did three plies that's
perfect that's how you called it your
bum right there I ever look what we got
buddy
you get to hold the toilet paper of the
Rope part man it's stressful
hey there's no unless you wanna go
mathematic Oh perfect yeah with the
Queen ripple ripple venom that holds the
moisture when you push it again the
desired add apart it releases the
moisture in that area
you guys probably found the sample what
is it ice cream banana ice cream that
was a green smoothie here bud
like your little green moustache here
keeping your eyes peeled for banana your
favorite area or very broom
this way yeah what what do you need oh
yeah I got a revival hurry up
what ahead Rick what is happening here
Roz it's a beautiful resolving yeah
you're that it's gone mmm here's a
garden see I was going to say you guys
hear that it's comment of the day I mean
Ariana Lozano's why do you guys call
Abram buggy just came out when he was a
baby my mom sure no you know I was the
pressure to calm Debbie oh you're I
don't know just these names come out and
I stick like bunny for Juliet Bubbe
sissy we will see you tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
Oh
puttin this together
