oh what a big helper yeah this was
Symphony at eleven month old help
immediate addition here's a picture I
just take a Juliet today good morning
guys if you can't tell I lost my voice
overnight illa static I had no voice
this morning
Abram wasn't mean he was like mommy just
what's your voice back and I was like
how do I do that he was like you know
how I said I don't know how can you do
it for me and he said do this can you
see good morning
oh you see bubby so beautiful here the
weather is amazing there's no better way
to start a beautiful boy the morning
would window visit fresh wood at Home
Depot anybody boy I decided I'm just
going to go ahead and make the rail for
bebo okay I'm tired looking around for
metal one going to be a tricky build
that's what I've been putting off but
I'm excited to do it now and I got here
my little loud Jack Jack who's it - dad
he requested a push pop first thing he's
not wearing green no today's Saint
Patrick's thing you're not wearing any
green so I get to paint you paint cheese
I'm not wearing green either you get to
pinch me boom ouchie tee-hee-hee
nice got my stuff Anu here that's what's
great 50 right there and all right what
do I see what do I see in here CP a
happy Mountain money I'm happy
hi-hi God did you do that did you try to
get a book we got what you wanted oh all
right
your charger this thing don't you and I
try to this camera no I finally built it
Bebo finally I'm so sorry clearing so
long I really have no shoes other than I
didn't think I can do it and I thought
it would take a long time but it did
take that long it is nice and sturdy
real sturdy what's the matter
almost ain't what you bite you have oh
I'm so sorry that how romantic is Nana
hug and pebble wood was right fire and
then whenever I got a little closer and
she just fit can you touch it you feel
oh sorry
do you notice my sweater that I chose to
wear today a hat you did
you did it and I love it it's my new
favorite flutter while the boys are at
home doing manly stuff working on the
wood building and sustaining this girl
was going to go to honey ready you can
maintain all right so this is the code I
found that I think we'll go to the
hell's best for our stain goes kind of
goes with the roof see that a light coat
it's black Carey going to go on there
let's see what it looks like Symphony
did you know that today is actually st.
Patrick today you knew that we had it
wrong you so silly super dark that it
would be that dark
you think not
this doesn't look good I'll just paint
it white or blue or paint it back to the
wood con
on dark color memorization and I find
something unfair a countess change okay
you don't ask some kids need some of
those and I can make some easterly I
have a ton of Easter eggs but I don't
need the round one I would need to
square one Oh when I was still making
Reece I bought a ton I'm talking about a
ton of Easter eggs for Easter eggs and I
also have packaging and stuff to send
them out so I guess I'll make a few
Easter reef Symphony Hall putting this
time you do so good okay so we need to
go to the paint area which is that aisle
right there Edie
no no no somebody bad now with that
manor-house I accidentally sat on your
plate and set people good 0:01 / - I am
happy okay too much look big dip okay
there you go yeah guys stroke in the fit
right up ain't gonna cover all the wood
room okay good job lady I love that
scripture wow this really is so adorable
how we get it if I were you I do like it
but it's kind of dark
I think it's kind of dough I like this
one look at this bunny one oh this one's
cute
man maybe we should get one for our door
for East ahead we're growing yeah
oh that's cute - look at this one look
what a neat surprise you Oh tons of
bunny things look at this stuff
something fault
what crash bunny yeah those are cute
me and symphony we're very similar in
the shop our eyes are bigger than this
we hang our targets and look our ideas
and all this stuff right inspector oh
that's cute a lot of money doing that
right yeah just one actually kind of
looks like Juliet oh why why do we love
bunny so much Symphony the exact a blank
how do you like to join me here right Oh
what get outta town
dude tell this one okay I'm getting off
this island cute hahaha
put it going bud we are going to pour
his words if you wrote the one she's car
not silly guy there you go man
go yeah there it is guys
well I gotta think he's some kind of
hotshot guy literally just jumped by
threw a cigarette out right there right
in front of me
pulls up back it up doesn't look in his
rear view mirror I have to get out of
his way
those are my room just takes off what a
doofus no he came back with another
bunny doesn't really hear anything
thank you you make winter bunny its name
is um bubby
what Barbies buddy the bunny be
interesting to me cool okay oh no what I
created oh yeah okay
another trip to Home Depot here buddy a
lot of that hold on real tight I'm gonna
pull you okay you got it
two hands okay hold on hold on the wood
there we go
well well well second home depot and
couple l-brackets can make that railing
a little bit stronger no paint brushes
some split gray and more trim for the
take let me have that I got to scream it
up
I'm showing off with jacket he's not
wearing green you have my permission
attention yeah I guess so kind of really
paranoid a daddy me you guys are so
cute if you actually put blue on the
front of it I had no idea he was gonna
do that it's adorable I love it
no mal can you push me no can you push
me no can you push me now
oh god I didn't bring the truck going
through the window company did not waste
any time she's already started on her
felts color in Lulu looking good babe
I'm going to start with the biggest one
than this mod okay
what Carrie didn't think I should use to
blankly weaken your new homes
pinky pending no tonight but it's dinner
time doodles
Molly echoes man you can tell there was
a look yeah holy baby thank you when
you're welcome
you looking so nice I really wondered
where I'll be waiting squish - oh did
you have fun at Home Depot buddy oh all
right Wow you don't want to walk through
the dark scary lonely places I will be
afraid because my Shepherd knows wearing
them he's here with me he keeps me safe
he rescues and make them strong and
brave
Chloe Draper said Nia must have edited
the video and I'm curious why you said
that so please let me know in the
comments below why Chloe do you think
that I edit the video I did by the way
and we were actually just talking about
Sam was like I'm not how do you start
editing more often you're doing a good
job at it now so done like a little
confidence boost just now Chloe and Sam
on the same five minutes thanks guys
those of you who had sweet feedback
about my video anyway we'll see you guys
tomorrow
don't forget we love you I'll remember
to watch our
we're in this together
