good morning Bebo mornin - got a book
for Juliet and it looks fair we just
spent the morning with nicotine at her
school never book for your people and
nana was there - it's Grandparents Day
assistant school may spoil the rut I
don't even think she got she got one
book in like seven or eight other things
we're gonna go to Walgreens now I just
dropped off the little kids with fans
mowol bleep we got yourself an offering
has shut down people within ten days
longer Ellen see let me see what
happened who got you yeah oh no aah
get it off of our porch and oh I got you
max Oh
you dream dad no more sauce and her
little market there Tiffany got me I'm
not wearing green today you okay yeah so
I got pigs ran up and so I get to pinch
you back convinced me for nothing cuz
I'm gonna wring from you happy one can't
catch it okay
yeah happy st. Patrick's Day you know
st. Patrick st. Patrick is you don't st.
Patrick sighs exactly
daddy what watching my back so Symphony
do you know that I have a little
surprise for you today and what did you
do to earn this little surprise cleaned
it quickly at that your surprise for
this afternoon is instead of going to
tee ball we are dropping you off with
Nana and you get to spend the night
is that a good surprise okay she's all
excited and she just can't had it okay
well tonight and tomorrow I'm so excited
I'm so excited yeah person must to type
for me I can't quantify to the beat to
the edge as I see
hey guys today Wow
get the truck we're taking the truck
they didn't have a tire in stock
plunging fire sent an entire talk I
don't like Firestone they always found a
way to rip you off but that's where I
got the tires I was hoping at but
roadside or road damage insurance but I
did it like a full fresh entire give up
the mailbox in the shot but nothing oh
that's cute guys there should be more
like that's how it was
no more folks good oh yeah bright all
the way oh she's gonna Nana's house I'm
gonna fix houses you see she's gonna
Nana's house for a couple hours no
overnight and after and after she goes
there house for a couple hours we're
going to go
damn overnight we will hit sort of
riddle alley nothing for two hours sorry
for three hours
she's sailor for two days one night
today in tomorrow
Jennifer Hill diligent baby when we are
you want inside of those open-ended
controls - that is okay lucky
why would I have you enjoyed I have look
what I have it hot wheels if three hot
wheels man yeah hi I'm Ben hello
and we hollow under top quipping Inc I
want you to be a good girl this time
okay so you're not going to give me a
hug bye bye I love your shirt it's so
cute big girl my mom my mom this is mr.
tee ball everyone this is mr. tee ball
okay he's your new friend he wants to
play with you today
nice to meet you Abram ah I'm gonna get
you yeah all right you carry Hey
pick that up I'll get them come on milk
turd what's awesome in the car honey
y'all be hit quite many button now high
bay I love
alright so excited
he's wearing a Superman sir I Mexico
woman I've ever said I'm one of my
people shirt that makes me so warmest I
am wearing this sir I'm your monkey ball
shirt somewhere man and grab post over
here you go one my buddy perfect I will
taxi you know protection we knew this
were batting you got it backwards like
right now yeah you wear this when he's
basketball okay
no I've finished Bennet will you wear
the hat the helmet
oh you're looking to benefit not me okay
I see how it is this is for catch look
he's copying Bennet with the counter for
a rom don't poop on the ball nice throw
bud oh let's catch bus yes I got some
heroes
right
cheese cheese in it and it brings a
vermin bionaire actually on the same
warm-up team today the city since I said
almost meaning the boys are so funny
they keep laying down Sam was on this
side and that side
it got much better their teamwork is
getting better now you know which side
you go we go buddy
I'm letting with me
that's my son
so proud so proud of my boy I'm so sorry
buddy
not yet
that's not like this you go to the walk
away
good job baby you like that camera hey
sorry
okay everybody and now you like ham like
piggy come on with it
you're so funny no not those your clip
people
Oh
ah
he was so busy out there clicking rock
would you get let me see oh those are a
good ones bad foot
let's go hey buddy I'm proud of you you
laid down the field old huh he didn't do
it so mo yeah you just get that bunny
problem they just gave me 110 they just
give me one chance as he bottle
they wouldn't regret it no other Park
just one chance that's all I want
we're not some barbecue for dinner every
this is the wood that you and that wood
fire so to Chris the barbecue I wonder
if it's Hickory Oh Rose like oh yeah we
got the stick over you know this is what
he chose a little hard oh my gosh you
can see where you see a hearty me Sam
I'm making your boy
all right here like this going on right
now that accurate location my mom love
grandma tell me about the good ol days
and honey's not talking to moms morning
about how much I miss Mike now and how
surly no steering hard times I was I can
talk to my grandma up these have such a
different way of life and the song is
saying about tell me about the good old
days grandma when daddy's never went
away family were always today
maybe sad I was crying in my car
you guys
Munem bun
she wants to ice cream she wants your
ice cream but a baby hair that's not
like the noise
I'll remember it forever cookie oh so
good we're so good really good it was
amazing so good this isn't a brand oh by
the way I'm just like loved it so much
that you wouldn't come with me on from
your other car yeah they took off
without me because I wanted to eat what
she left on the table I was like no
honey I can't write this great food go
to waste I mean it's the kind of
barbecue that you don't want to smother
in barbecue sauce because the meat is
just so good - tell you by the time my
mother was shirt with the ransom okay
guys before I finish my giant pile of
laundry I do my laundry in like sections
I'll do all the folded stuff and then at
another time I'll do all their hanging
things or vice versa
I have one evening a week I'll do the
socks or whatever
I cannot clean my throat but anyways
tonight I'm doing hang up clothes and I
had a lot of them hockey girl 5 8 9
Turtles when she said blowout I thought
she meant the baby had a blowout not the
tire huh that's pretty funny that could
be confusing I wish that's what the cake
so I totally wish the new ways um so
tomorrow I think the boys are going
fishing Avram and see now you'll have to
come back tomorrow to see what Julia and
I have a bar sleeve anyways guys we'll
see you tomorrow don't forget when you
love you and remember to love each other
