you recognize the spot right there 20
guys head to the gym just me and the
bunny sale pending was it still there
made guys we made it to our house flash
cabin oh man I love it here and I just
love it
time to meet the inspector now I went as
far as I could you can't even
belly-crawl the whole thing I'll mark by
the way Ashley sure he's the inspector
it seems to me like they probably poured
concrete under there I mean it's
lipstick oh yeah it is
Shawn got a hot tub and get out tub
which was number one that looks at me in
front of me check yeah don't leave an
apron do you want to ask him a question
well you go you say hey ah a new male
walk I'm free awesome welcome for a new
home a room come on don't be scared
is it safe in there hi oh yeah that's
really tight yeah I guess I could have
Abram going to their favorite pair yeah
let them learn the hard way
do not leave your phone at home I just
had a blowout on the side of the highway
I have no phone I have a baby crying no
one flowing down to help me and I love
him and I want to do
know what to do her did oh I heard
something really loud pop - I just I ran
over from pain I was looking in my
rearview mirror and I saw nothing and
almost done just sitting here someone on
my way to help me I was standing outside
Harley are looking really helpful
who else can you even Drive on a blowout
I mean I don't want to lie look at you I
go and look under your Playhouse he's
already claimed it I love it here guys
love just as much as the my tech your
reaction to it my first reaction was
like let's get out of your turnaround
nope missing the first but look and all
this open space and the trees and the
view over here I forgot just how amazing
these trees are we go beautiful those
trees are like a little horse wing put
your feet up
that's the thought I can't wait to see
here more often nightmare in the
nightmare I was just telling me that for
such a bad memory that I have
it's amazing how how much I feel and how
much I can remember being in nature as a
kid those are the most like realest
memories forming the richest memories
for me I can remember specific times my
brothers and I being outside creating
things making trails exploring the woods
exploring you know all of our
surroundings and I want that so much for
my kids and so does Mia she remembers of
like I dishes I know exactly what you're
talking about God made us to be a part
of this nature he may nature and us to
be together and our culture is raising
us to be indoors more and more and more
be indoors way more than we are outdoors
and it's having some bad effects on kids
even kids who are near a window with the
view of nature are less stressed than
kids who don't have that view or aren't
so by that window it's just I'm so sad
about it thank you sir pulled over and
there was a lady who I pulled over to
let me know son I was like flagging down
traffic and using the phones and like
putting my hands my ears lady pulled
over so these are from the call cam but
it right
maranatha Matt with state trooper team
and you can we lose level around or over
here at little brown coming up our
property runs all on that fence line up
they're all back there that where you
see the horizon right there and right up
to the behind the back of that house to
this fence all the way back to that
woods right there and there's a house
that needs really not too much work just
a lot of cosmetic work it's strange
because the color of the first house
it's really magical out here Maserati
and back home not going to consume now
because kids Jim over on health care
doing whimpers and so Juliet and I are
on our way home is not lunch time for
baby naps okay
Tiny Tim we made it home we came back
compared to my other one so so thankful
and grateful about that state trooper
stop it was such a blessing that the
lady stopped and then the state trooper
stopped is amazing
we're getting funky things again speed
bumps yeah big ones in the road we go
boom yes people and I trying to pretend
it a B but no really that's fun I don't
know dig what your honor did what we're
looking for
you think the house comes with the Smith
on one more holy act in that toilet
paper what I know I three am i clear we
did this last year when he did that
three okay ready
oh do your other two what can I do
what do you find hmm landed behind you
buddy
this is what this place is called right
now lazy lake days sooner or later is
for me called camp fan basic baby whoo
not cozy do that we were very oh my
goodness come yet
Oh what money you just have to do it
he's very good in it unless stopped in
Broken Bow the sugar rush candies and
yet this is our relative yolk some candy
blonde all right if they have candy here
all right
you guys have candy here wow this is
awesome
leave all this candy Avram it's like a
dream come true in here and then to the
past
look right there Wow
captain zip it and I am in yeah I'm
gonna get fifty one of these Oh little
dipping like I see eagerly so far baby
mike rizzo good oh really good the guide
your team see me alone in he is the one
who looked after you bet we weren't
really make that one we compete so I
knew that he might
high-quality your hands on here za zing
cupid's exchange thank you for your love
I'm asking forgiveness because you
forsake dance floor and you let us get
home safely tonight help us please Rock
we love you do you know you will give us
peace in our home I love you had a great
day with you how was your day babe
that's good I mean other than a little
upset this morning with the car having a
meltdown
pretty crazy to me I was pretty crazy
and it was pretty amazing yeah I'm
exhausted off the property
no I'm so exhausted so excited the
inspection came back really good a lot
better than I thought it was come back
the foundation is really good everything
sounds is a tiny leak but only when the
wind blows a certain way he said it's
leaking that spot but other than that
it's in good shape just unfinished the
floors on finish and stuff it's gonna be
so fun okay guys so comment of the day
Megan Morman
saying I'm used that extra mailbox for a
kids project and put it by the front
door or in the backyard and put their
mail in it love y'all is such a good
idea I'm like borderline depressed that
the mailbox is already gone okay and
then Angela Angela Angela and Daniel
sorry what Bible storybook do you all
read from it's the Jesus story but Bible
you should definitely get one all your
parents up in little kids is our fave so
you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you remember to
live right over there
Oh
but in this together
