and a pink piece of paper Ryu and we're
making look who is just following all
the rules
good morning fan to the beat to the a to
the SSE Marta Marta way to church and
today his family first so that means all
the kids get to sit with us on worship
and during the service so this will be
fun
oh we just got back from church we had a
wonderful meal afterwards and look who
is just following all the rules Abram he
just came right in his room and went up
his ladder because he knows what do we
do after church every Sunday and that's
right it's nap time and Abram came right
in his room and went right up his ladder
and gorn his nap time bed not buddy I
love you song songs
hey you all it's your turn to take a nap
symphonie doesn't actually know she just
has quiet time because at her school
they have to log a certain amount of
hours for reading and so she reads
during the kids a nap time they actually
you know go to sleep but today she is
doing something else she is packing her
backpack because her and daddy are gonna
be hanging out to Broken Bow later on
this week
and I really enjoy taking a Sunday nap
with the kids occasionally but today I'm
gonna clean my bedroom up it was totally
clean yesterday and then Sunday morning
happens and I'm telling you things are
everywhere there's space pads on the
floor there's a tag for my shirt over
there hangers over there two of them I
don't know what Sam's clothes are in the
bed and all our stuff is unpacked and on
the floor from our trip I mean just
everything is everywhere all my makeup
and hair stuff it's just all out or just
I just started me our room is too small
to be necessarily get all that best
there
naptime is all over I have a blue piece
of paper for you and a pink piece of
paper Ryu and we're making birthday
cards for Lily she's turning 15 tomorrow
but first when you make a card you have
to fold it in half somebody knows how to
do it all the way
oh these are huge good job Bobby
wow you're good at folding man I'll play
no you guys get to use mommy's special
markers and make Lily a pretty car
there's some irony here
here baby cider yeah what's two teas
right could turn the d2t no no it's okay
I'm making Becky where did you get her
makeup tart yesterday
the day has come to an end we didn't get
to play board games at Lilly's party we
left because all the kids were getting
sleepy and we were getting sleepy no
we're playing board games at home we're
playing Scrabble and right now Sam is
kicking my butt actually I did just get
a high word score it goes like this 10
833 for Nia 540 and Sam's working on
that third score right now when we're
eating placards placards and taziki's if
this is what I do when Sam takes 25
minutes per turn and I take one
yeah just scrolling Instagram doodle and
I know you guys are probably thinking I
thought nyet cleaned your room after
church today I did it's just messy cuz
we're all in this one little spot sure
that's what they're thinking about they
probably work as I got a cleaning the
room guys check it out I got like the
ultimate turn all right so I got soft
and they just so happen to have an R and
I have Rhys and soft like a puzzle
control bit
what's the co another day you got it
dude and it goes to W Smith 9:57 I'm
assuming it's a guy as for watching I
see you in the comment section often I
appreciate you watching and he says okay
wait a minute Sam either you go facial
hair fast or else your blogs are out of
order just two days ago you were clean
shaven yes we post them out of order
because of Valentine's Day we didn't
want our Valentine's Day vlog to be way
ahead about her way after Valentine's
Day so we posted it the day after
Valentine's Day and then we went back on
a normal schedule which is about a week
behind now so being week behind makes it
easier for us because I'm going to
Oklahoma and I can't upload there or do
anything there so I'm able to go there
vlog and to come back home upload
everything get everything edited and out
to you guys yeah you guys get it alright
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other can't ever remember news
combination on the phone so so everybody
knows it
