Marmot hey kids being brats as usual
what's up punk come on how do we get to
do my chase thinking argue or her to do
her own Oh something's wrong radio set
back to the beach and action as I say
what what what check it out guys I'm
representing it's Judy's life this
morning it's crazy because I went to bed
in this shirt and I had a dream about
better family me and I met them and we
were just discussing our channels and
how they've grown and we're like well
it's because of you guys that were at
where we're at today
oh so weird that I had that dream we
were talking about them last night
before bed to about how supportive they
were during you know all that mess at
vloggerfair yeah and then I woke up to
Benjy running on Instagram hey what do
you think it does videos he's been doing
with his drone those are pretty cool huh
yeah way to make his make it more crude
what up from how I see it
but guys if you don't know of its Judy's
life they are the bomb you should
definitely go check him out we're gonna
put a link in the description we love
them there were huge supporters of us
he's just so awesome and couldn't
believe it we're like what we don't
deserve this it's a beautiful day though
yes it is
there ain't no Sasha wishes gone no
Spencer the car yeah they're getting
opinion out for those symphonies
whatever close the door there does
rustling around in the car today we're
doing a chase one and we'll fill it with
some candy and stuff hard to get these
little blind boxes through here morning
baby
this is look cool let's give it to Daddy
and I'll clean you up already
what should we do with it oh so heavy oh
wow you're gonna bust it for the kids
get to it actually it's really one yeah
Harnett take next ah you know take a
truck this cowboy bag doing in our yard
Abram and I are off to get a haircut
very early this morning good talking to
talking about for the past poble but I
know you knew I know I was supposed to
be at Matthews this morning by 9 o'clock
I completely forgot and I'm glad I ever
caught me out into the car because
otherwise I've been a lot later because
I just completely forgot about it so
we're going there instead of getting in
here and kind don't forget every time
where is it
Laffy Taffy he's it I'll know some kind
of candy all right we got our load my
car is full we're headed to Matthews new
place hopefully got water to the fire
cuz I'm really thirsty ever you cozy
back there oh you are we'll get you a
water soon as we stop this is Matt's new
apartment guys John son said no nothing
everybody working so hard the great
toddy knees here maybe he'll do a magic
trick for us from knows what's up a girl
uncle I drew here take this asian head
okay it's a little heavy
who cares about the cow got that was
Michigan's uh everybody was Michigan to
quit doesn't it look way go it quick
Clinton you're looking good
I know you got a buddy yeah you can do
your knees the great Tartini how you
doing man yeah I told that maybe we'll
get a magic trick maybe oh I didn't make
any promises
yeah no we missed it by a couple minutes
every year
oh please I was just going over she out
of the screen our building that actually
was I'm sure it doesn't turn on anymore
yeah why don't you put it up there yeah
why are you messing what I didn't put it
up there there's no morning as further
than shattered let me out oh you get on
finish I'm actually recording no really
yeah I went even hit that solid rock
you know Matt of kidding dude it was on
purpose so I'm gonna buy your new TV
really yeah it was on purpose
that's awesome yeah like I could have
beared knowing Matthews gonna watch his
TV in his brand new apartment look this
is row 2011
got'em could mighty that strong anymore
pop all right so it doesn't work how can
you tell
okay there oh so caliber yeah gonna work
ill now crack gonna give you a quarter
what do you like it yep Abram put your
initials on the front of it
put your initial I'll put your initials
can you just put a sign nice
ooh like an arrow oh that's special okay
on the back to Abram like put something
special on the back another secret
symbol okay good good good good good
what we're going to do Abram can you put
out your hand we cannot even like this
I'm going to put the quarter in your
hand okay hold on to it tight tight
now with this didn't even put it over
the top of it put this hand over the top
I'll hold that buddy okay Abram are you
ready
I want that strength that's in your head
in your heart go to your hands put that
strengthen their you ready did you feel
that I did too
okay I'm gonna release my hands will you
open your hands oh what a knot ah how'd
you Bend that quarter man hey ya have
you bend it good job
oh that's good what
party time I'm like at seeing these
little Pinterest snacks over here
whoop Pinterest mom yeah all of our
crafts that we made the other day are
over there and not to be a hater but boy
did they look DIY cute they look cute
with nails we were nails yeah say these
let me tell you no I forgot this what
are these these are cute about just
decoration
oh yeah it turned out really cute how
did you get the two on there duct tape
looks good that's very cute remember we
were making it turn out cute every
scared nope you don't scare
see that place shoot faces well golly
their Google ready we're gonna start by
youngest heading the Fox okay I need you
to turn on in the circle three times
don't eat it okay okay okay turn around
in the circle three times one two one
more
kara one more time now keep your eyes
shut three here's your hand get a close
your eyes
I gotta try to pick the box go pet the
Fox sighing funny she's like what how
did that happen
man I crawl right you can open your eyes
good job you pet his little stomach or
his chest level right she's trying to
eat it all time she's hungry damn I just
nursed her leeches so hungry okay grab
his hand buddy grab his hand I'm so cute
being a big brother Jim he's so excited
for Kade oh you guys remember my good
friend Eric right he's my high school
buddy there he is
this is his house so bear you know look
at a party
now go forward just go forward go
forward
no man got turn kept forward
yeah
go away bro
thanks.thanks the fun man yeah dude I
can't believe you got to drive a tractor
with Eric yes it right there that was
awesome man
he got the dig up dirt man he's loved it
everyone's favorite time of the evening
we just did Bible time and it's time for
Abram to serenade us before we go to
sleep you guys want to join us
hey man o P Q o kids are in bed time to
clean up big puzzles misinformation
daddy gets home he will be so happy to
see these puzzles oh really
he never showed him to you we're so
worried I was so happy to see him
yeah he is he's new Yuri we left him out
until he had a chance until you okay
guys Khan of the day today comes from
Yugi more she's holding the letters and
singing the alphabet songs like her big
buddy Dutch thought that I heard it but
so cute is she think that maybe is what
she's doing she's trying to sing a
little song with him she's probably his
Wendy I would either just throw away a
toys
shame is relentless about throwing away
pointless stuff he will do it no matter
what
anyways guys we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget we love you remember to
love each other
Oh
we're in this together
