we have a birthday party to go to this
afternoon after picking up symphony from
school putting you on the right Harry we
all have people tonight you need two
people my brother you are my sister and
they buy the Stanga no fight of thing
heart lifts up to this we've got to give
well No
and this together
then they go good morning guys we have
had a random morning today ever woke up
really early and he sounded and was
acting really sick something he was
feeling sick yesterday and if you
remember Julia and I were sick over the
weekend so I thought okay everyone has
for sure caught we had we're not going
to go to school today I rarely ever just
wake up and make those executive called
without actually seeing and assessing
the kids in the morning I've never done
that before actually never and so I was
like you know I think we're going to
keep the kids home from school today
because of how Abram was acting he was
in our bed at that point and then I hear
symphonies voice over the monitor
playing the Juliet and I was like
whatever she sounds perfectly fine and
then Abram gets out of our bed and he's
in here talking with company and Juliet
and you sound absolutely fine it's 7:33
when I hop out of bed we leave at 7:35
to take city to school for her to be on
time
sometimes 7:40 but still I mean that's
still only 7 minutes literally jumped up
warm some picking the blankets in the
microwave had everybody already Sam was
helping obviously with me somebody was
ready and dressed to walk out the door
by 7:40 to less than 10 minutes people
hey that's pretty impressive to me yeah
show me dessert oh you go fall off your
cap very good
Abram runs in here when Juliet was up in
Louie's cattle time oh my goodness what
a good brother
I hate mommy lucky huh a game like I
said we're going to a birthday party
later I got the real present right here
lugar family her hair
so cute how much unless you're going to
be king you wicked high god I love that
movie hang on Saul
we're going to a birthday party today
yeah we did not have my dad I go
I'm sweaty
Kim I know I didn't we had it here we
had a trolley oh my god you guys told
her hi Daddy
laughing now Stan today we pictured a
guy the name from school he wore skinny
jeans that are a little too short for
him soft with his crop kid you not
and the hey shirt the cute t-shirt and
his haired like this red gang it says if
you're happy and you know it say Amen
oh and the director of his parents day
out program was like don't worry we take
his soft and your shoes off and roll up
his pants and try to fix his hair so
they look cute yeah
yeah you got to be kidding me we left
you guys right there how do we miss you
we were walking out and forgot to grab
you guys look that's four of you right
here I forgot to grab you unbelievable
cameras down here smart aleck we're at
the Chuck E Cheese then we went to
Abraham's t-ball game and yeah so we
really Logan unfortunately yeah so I get
to hang out with us for right now before
the kids got dead hmm
let's go spy on company go spyler where
as a kid me and my brothers used to go
spy on my sister or spy on another
sibling or even spy on my parents we
loved spying like that was the thing we
played them off we're spying whoa that's
way cool
I was tilted me over door don't slam the
door on people she'd just don't come
joint a ver specifically one thing that
ham didn't know is that they had kind of
just had a little conversation about
c-can I come in your room no no right
now Abrams and then I was kind of
teaching him how to respond to you get
frustrated and I was like just tell
sense to me okay sissy let me know when
I can kind of big long thing we head in
there like a pianist yeah that was like
right before they were despite like five
minutes before we had this whole
drawn-out thing about how to
appropriately inter-cities bedroom I'm
rocking so tell me I can come in for a
Miss feet he's watching Busby don't make
them feel better
when the door I'm on foot Torrance again
what Kenny I don't know me I'm coconut
me and my guess is a for Abram ask for
Samuel writer Abram Samuel Rader saved
it for the end but somebody I want you
it's a bookmark buddy high side there it
is
lovely she throws a head back like that
the bet
can I have it
let me have it Juliet I'm heavy aah oh
you want it she said I want it
what'd you get Symphony breath but this
is when you say it before I'm paid for
being kind in brain local food Thank You
Lila I really like it got it for the
rescue don't have any brothers my old
one died but their children's children
stayed on and even when I became a very
large thing God said what do people go
free
why should I pay with this don't want to
won't do it so he didn't bark don't so
good man all right there
honeyBun tramp on your corner
that's your corner
he still has a corner guys he goes to it
every night
what finger do you have in there you put
your thumb in the corner which ring is
that one I'm excited about our date
night time I'm gonna bring this guy like
that you're because we're going to show
me anything use this guide from
shenanigans remember okay that landed on
my foot is it Alice you can find about
it from here I'm still here to you right
off
we did this with all the kids in
themselves they all learned how to curl
these legs
push
you heard it in the vlog
what you doing with your reading I'm not
okay what okay
I'm saying it in its little micro
sponges The Bachelor I'm reading and
watch let's book that she wrote really
yeah all right guys a comment of the day
and I picked this because it's a pet
peeve of mine on YouTube
it's from Diana Smith did you attempt to
give the homeless man a helping hand
hand or just say poor you and walk away
no that kind of thing is frustrating
because when we show what we do for
people people just tell us why not yeah
you shouldn't show that don't show that
these are the haters most of you guys
don't the haters do this and I just hate
that about them so and then when we
don't show what we did we didn't do
anything at all
several people assumed that I did
nothing for this guy that's just one of
the examples like many ways haters are
you know you just can't win yeah you
can't please everybody
but anyway thanks for all the great
comments guys I just wanted to point out
a comment today that yeah was kind of
annoying see y'all tomorrow we will
we'll see you tomorrow God willing don't
forget it we love you and remember to
love each other thanks for listening to
my rant
in this together
