good morning guys how are y'all today I
am getting ready to go to the gym and
first I have something a little surprise
that I want to show Abram he has
obviously yes your other ones had a hole
in it remember so I got you some for
this winter and next winter when you're
like 5 years old
no he was not a one they both are the
same shoe as you guys might recall Abram
has had these boots I got him for him
the first time I went to New York was go
and chill and they were just you know
his first little pair of big boy boots
and he loves them Abram and I are about
to do our exploration for the week I'll
try anyway sure is because he's a grown
man
we are underneath the bridge this is
kind of a different person
Danny I've been here before it's called
tent city and we're in Dallas this is
where a lot of homeless people live and
I'm also here to see if I could make a
connection with the homeless man or
homeless woman and see what I can do to
help them you pick up get up on the seat
or whatever so um that's what I would be
doing you ready this is Fredrik
around Penn City he kept his card I met
he need some help him to see a back but
he's going to show us the route first
and then we're going to a we could try
to pick up water to man drinking water
back really alone we're baloney I'm
great anybody
dr. Kitty in there was your bed hello
kitty oh cool see a real dog over there
me let's go look around the dogs traded
my Penn Josh how you go friend Olivia
calm inside this is his home this is
where he sleeps every night you know you
sleep in a bed at home he sleeps
underneath this bridge is that crazy
customers are comfortable
I hear ya yippee
check that out guys dr. pepper king of
beverages did they really have a lion as
a guest mascot back in the day we're at
historic Dallas as you can see these are
like old buildings that's what Alex used
to look like a little guy on your class
what's learning about man let's mere
teacher you know smash up any if you put
the coins up here oh this is a one step
penny we're going to put it right in
here and we want to push it in and you
got to turn that you got to keep turning
it okay no the other way this way okay
turn it
we're doing all right I'll help you oh
that's a Down skyline are you doing he's
standing up in your bed
oh she's on her knees I thought you
ended I got a load of them very soon
stand up and he'll tell you get ya came
pretty close is what a big girl she does
a big little how are you thank you
you hold it she wants them
I became like that straighter and all
the way yeah yeah how do you like me to
see so many good sir yeah I I just had a
parent-teacher conference a symphony
future and she is doing so good way
above average in her reading and in the
top of her class with her lesson her
total lesson assessment so I mean I'm
just so proud of her last time we have
parent-teacher conference she was in a
lower like segment in first times I
think she was in like the bottom five
and now she's in the top five in a
certain area this is so I'm kind of we
kind of had to be like that the
beginning of her conclusions about that
and we talked today and regrouped in
there I mean she said it's been like a
total turnaround it were awesome another
she said she got out of the prayer
answered another prayer answer that's
right except in your days real proud of
you what are you gonna do for dinner
even if you want mommy to confess I
dunno don't get ingredient oh yeah yeah
yep
wasn't really we missed it by a day you
know what today is Miami Alabama today
national women's Appreciation Day I
don't know yeah that's right he was
promoting it
well happy Women's Day ladies pretty we
couldn't live without you I'm gonna I
want to eat a pancake in your honor two
three guys a while back I made a video
or title the video family goes the IHOP
for dinner but all food right here or
right here can never remember which side
it is turned out to be a really good
thing because I hop discovers the video
discovered our family and they've
recently results what they want to
cilantro I think that's incredible so
our favorite restaurant or in the
sponsor right and what we're on the
topic of sponsorship guys I just want to
let you know we turn down a lot in fact
I'm the one who turned down are like the
biggest offices receive just for like
movies that we did approval upon us we
necessary like
just want it clear that up once you guys
know that we don't just promote anything
they're working mom you're doing awesome
stay-at-home mom you're doing awesome
breastfeeding mom you are rocking it
formula-feeding mom will go you I feel
like in this day and age we frame each
other more and then we build each other
up and I just want to say that if you
are a woman in this world working or not
mom or not wife or not I encourage you
as a woman to go and encourage and
empower someone else in your life never
felt rushed for some food let's play
together
hit that told you can't caffeine ready
Dobson
Oh yummy peaches and waffles pictures of
pancakes and eggs
ha ha ha California both wait what's
this I did not order that oh honey no I
didn't know there's no way to comment
some happened
what are you
Juliet literally has egg on her face or
it is great fun pick your kids up for
dance commercial for NZ alright guys the
type of landscaping do you call that
it's not yours
nacho Linux take you
there you go
Oh
yeah
he loves her Sophie housing and cute are
these students engage in a typically
less down time exercise they only go up
sighs my my I just I read it I love
Kathy Casey and I want Sophie to draft
Sam and Symphony are planning something
special for this weekend yeah I might
have three six hours I don't want you to
play a minigame able we're not going
tonight that's going to be one me and
daddy go out okay and librarian I
already told you like hope you went out
with Daddy it's my turn ha so I don't
have Canadian Library and smaller year
I'm Shep so you're planning okay I
thought she prepared a bags but for them
to read and now you're gonna learn and
just planning it all out oh oh oh all
right guys it's time to do comment of
the day it's also Bible time so take
your seat daddy's going to do the
reading tonight and comment of the day
comes from Mina in roses are red violets
are blue
I subscribe to Sam and Nia you should
too so yeah if you haven't already
joined our family go ahead and do so now
we love having you guys along with us
and we will see you tomorrow don't
forget we love you
we're in this together
