this place is amazing
you know parent I think I've got my new
pair of all the pumps oh it was the best
good morning guys our departure from the
hotel has began unfortunately we had a
very very very relaxing morning we had
breakfast in bed
free breakfast in bed with coffee and
fruit it was the best we both woke ups
not early but not too late to enjoy our
late check-out in bed and now we're
gonna go hit a couple of shops before
the next session of the conference
starts Sam went that way he's shopping
we're pretty limited on time so I told
Sam why don't you just go your way and
I'll go my way
we'll get more done that way and we'll
be happier he does not like shopping in
pain he rushes me and it's just a very
unenjoyable experience I'm sure a lot of
you wives out there can relate to me I
do like shopping with him I like to help
him pick out clothes but he wants to go
in a store that nothing into sausage
babe it just works out if you go in your
store hang on my store so I'm here at
Sephora now I am out of my facial
Lindsey and moisturizing system the one
that you guys saw me get around
Christmas time from Dermalogica I'm out
of it I bought the sample size to see if
I was gonna like it and I do I love it
but I'm also on the hunt for a birthday
gift for our sweet little Lily from
church when she's big no her birthday is
Monday and we're celebrating with dinner
tomorrow and family and a few other
things so that's I know this for today
let's check up
they just told me they don't have
Dermalogica in this store I forgot it's
the ones that are connected with Ulta ok
well then on to shopping for Lily I got
some hair drying volume blasts I've been
round brushing my hair once a week so
I'm gonna get this living proof full dry
volume blast for myself and I'm gonna
grab Lily a cute little make-up care
something she's turning 15 and so I
wanna get her something these are what I
loved when I was a teenager I should get
her one of these
oh boy thank you so much
okay so although there was no
Dermalogica I ended up going with
another trial size of this what does it
first aid beauty so guys I was filling
out this thing to become a beauty inside
rats
yes for ms4 and not alta and she was
like look you already signed up you can
get all this free stuff and whatever so
then I gave her my email and turns out
I'm already a member and that means I
get one of these little guys for free so
don't want mascara this primer stuff of
this lip thing oh this is my scarab I
don't know that I'll take that one new
face surge spray good deals over here at
Belsen we had to say babe splitting up
to shop oh my new favorites your new
favorite I think I found my new favorite
store it was expressed get close that
but I love there is no comparison to the
store and express yeah there really is
it
we're here
what simony are called a Walmart
therefore the whole food somewhere again
we're in the area we thought hey let's
see what the pluses more than just
snacks I want to get salmon I'm gonna
start eating more fish because I've read
that it is really good for
anti-inflammatory reasons the company
this is all these big nips bears
that'll start
herself
it's like a can the cocaine you pop open
the top the straw the Barbie stick a
straw always bar guys it's crazy all
these different olives olives
man it's almost worth driving all the
way up there this is shop this is also
this is Stefan I'm so used to Walmart
things process we go mr. pickle's stuff
we're pickled carrots all right check it
out guys they even have digital price
tags here makes it so much easier for
the program yeah it's a touchscreen
organ all the groceries put away now
geyser butt is in bed I know we have
been the best that blogging lately focus
has been just on the family in our
relationship with God right now we're
getting healthy on the inside and
outside all right today right now
my problem isn't just eating healthy
it's eating late at night eating sweets
and eating too much of it it's not just
eating unhealthy food so I could have
all the problems so I'm just starting
fresh and I knew it was gonna come to
this at one point I indulge for the past
couple of several months and now I'm
reaping the consequences of that so now
it's time it's time to start eating
healthy
all right guys we'll catch you tomorrow
don't forget we love you remember love
each other oh you're gonna hit us
