good morning everyone where are we
headed this morning my brother you are
my sister they by the Stanga libido same
heart whipped up today we've got to give
and this together cold skin yeah
spider-man shoes we're all gonna do
anyway I'm feeling a little beautiful
Masaru my favorite game
it matches the butterfly on your shirt
and the pretty we're after to generality
I have child care and it's super awesome
I have to go in from you can hour and
twenty minutes but sometimes I can
sometimes I don't I also train with one
my good friend my training sessions are
almost over though and I'll be solo
you'll see how dedicated I really am
when I'm not paying for trainer anymore
but hopefully I'm hoping the back today
of child care helps me be more attentive
anyways let's go guys are going in the
truck hope you put a shooting
let's TJ's gonna do you think he's gonna
go jump on something with me again
scary do you think these two really slow
wait a minute home then maybe she could
go to the beach with us one day
mmm-hmm he could float by standing on
the water
good Alan after hold she was flawless
exactly it's tough to see him a little
only TJ is well beyond stripling with
shoes on only TJ because he's kind of
you know newborn kind of a subfamily
yeah kind of sort of
good morning Oreo how you doing okay
yeah puppy does weird all these balls
come from looks like it rain bouncy
balls out here I can sit wait do you
know why yeah okay love house today when
I know something to you what Juliet went
down this side
did you really it's not like that baby
Todd was right and it's like off you are
down by yourself you'll enjoy yourself
you have no right - maybe he doesn't
know how to stand up yet oh you can do
it guys don't be too excited or anything
but you're not going to be seeing this
for the next couple of days because I am
going off to men's retreat right - well
actually just kind of one I'll be back
on Sunday so I want to be talking about
my testimony for the first time the
reason I said yes to Mike when he asked
me he gave me four topics and he asked
me if I could choose one out of the four
topics I said yeah sure I'll talk about
prayer the reason I chose prayers
because there are three big prayers in
my life that pretty much turned my life
upside down turned it completely around
in a way that I never saw possible I'm
going to talk about those prayers and
what they did in my life how they
manifested in my life so I practiced
with me last night I practiced with
Chase yesterday I kind of talked it over
with Bo so I feel prepared but I'm still
really nervous it's going be hard I'm
going to be sitting up there in front of
30 guys this guy's hair look at me look
look in the screen sit that yeah it's
sticking straight up how's it going up
Lucy's it going up more lays down yeah
hilarious
why is it going up so interesting not
know yeah this attitude let's experience
we're never getting rid of your me oh
you ready ahead I found Oreo tennis ball
at the lake yesterday top this one
though
hi Sally here it Oreo come here you
ready
you want it boy
I put your pocket that's well inside oh
no please oh yeah keep forgetting I got
to take it easy on her she's got to
relax because of the heart ones she's
all done with their inbox by the way so
in 30 days from what you endured
antibiotics we're having a woman TJ
party tonight RDC all the guys are at
their mentor tree so I took a shower and
let my hair air dry and then my little
buffalo plaid nightgown with my leggings
it's super cold I was going to wear my
thoughts that come up to money's there's
people so anyway getting a lot of fun
tonight
she what's that cord come over here we
have all these toys right here and she
is crawled over to same foot got the
baby clothes that we open there we go go
put it in mommy's room
she's not really impressed with this
computer
come again Sophie hi come on come get
Sophie come on kitty
and cookies you yeah come to mommy busy
yeah come get the ball
why did she call me daddy come on hi
come on come on can you give me that
no not I think so
for what what do you want it for for my
body
we're gonna use all of it so yeah no I
made a fun dinner for tonight since I'm
going to be heading out in a little bit
pizza and symphony said it's moose it's
like strangely yeah life is everybody
okay how are you you want the heats up
thank you sure yeah all right yeah oh my
Symphony everybody rides oh I love you
guys
Nana hi Karen oh how are you good
you're sleepy you know I'm happy to be
at the cute stuff baby baby baby I love
you I'll see you in the middle of the
night I think I can just go no I thought
I was going to come into like people
huffing around so like chill well you're
making it fun hey buddy are you batte me
- I guess we're making pizzas this is so
fun I feel I should have brought
Symphony music up it went over how we
make these and it was so good we made
these on Valentine's Day
okay you just saw okay you want to get
down fine and then asking you come in
second here come here I - we're doing
well I want to flip a gun ask mommy
about this top pizza master here look at
this delicious
keep that you guys it looks like it came
from like a bakery or where this place
is called pizzeria we had look for three
yet and my wallet at home and I'm
driving I'm like yeah but I can't stop
yet food I was going to cut a
really we're pointing solo look at our
little gathering Jenna she's going to be
doing her jam on us which is yeah I
don't like wake of the father's messages
yeah really why did I know you're gonna
do it yeah it's going to be so relaxing
and we have to decide and later I'm
saying it power reasons not make me a
favorite there in Brownsboro I don't
remember straight yet Chase is gonna
have a dress for Melissa Japanese retire
and what fishing randomly oh yeah this
is really legit Jenna legit gentle heat
you Nina
oh hi matt hamill odds with the table
hey guys come to hastily on me say so
son the face is fun yes it looks like a
piece of talk yes okay so let's check it
out ready oh the other would like kata
oh wow think about thirty at night no I
turned professional I'm sorry I didn't
understand one slightly awkward like
nobody knows Jenna so it's just how does
estheticians rubbin on me but I'm like
what did you say this mask is called
goji berry yogurt mask my skin addition
I've had a little bit of a comb today
just today and you can totally see right
now in red roma nose this is so super
relaxing but with it being Jenna
somewhat I've known for years and years
I'm like cracking up every time I'm like
you turn to massage me ha ha this is
funny so so good
part of the routine ok guys I'm home now
and I'm going to end the vlog in the car
just in case my voice startles anyone
when I go inside the house tonight was
so much fun it was such a great relaxed
night with all the women lots of food we
had Jenna there pampering as it was a
wonderful night so good comment of the
day goes to Molly Baker poor Juliette
hopefully she's not getting a cold but I
wouldn't want to cut a cold because the
weather has been so hot and cold y'all
are amazing love watching you guys well
I think she does have a cold actually
and I'm only saying that because I feel
like coming on to me now and I thought
maybe it's just allergies but as a day
and the night has gone on it's gotten
worse and worse and worse and so I'm
just like no I'm doing table solo
tomorrow all three kids without Sam we
have to leave the house by like 9:00
a.m. oh my gosh that just kept me out
really bad too which has asked for some
reasoning we could leave at 10:00 it
starts at 10:00 what we're thinking so
much to take care of it's almost 12:30
so I I need to go ahead and go in and
get things ready oh I had planned on
making cute little baseball toppers for
the water bottles for tomorrow I had all
these cute plans but tonight went on way
way longer than I thought it would which
it okay I mean this is a lot of fun so
now in the morning I'll just pack up the
snacks for Abraham's game and
get everything ready it was excited it's
going to great guys thanks for coming
along with us today I've had such an
amazing night I know Sam time and fun at
the men's retreat you sent me a text a
little earlier so we will see you guys
tomorrow for t-ball and whatever else
today has to offer don't forget guys
move on you and remember to learn each
other's
and that's together
