I'm a coffee okay so far so good
there yes like that the beauty oh you're
cute I don't want to eat them he does
look tasty though did you guys catch any
of that did you catch any of that pretty
sure those are the first place I've ever
taught I almost caught a fish more time
and it's funny because chase was
actually there is on a field trip in
like fifth grade
I'm here to see Katy it's been way too
long taking her up at the Children's
Hospital insurance are you ready to get
to go I totally remember everyone's been
praying for you we saw before we go in
Kevin since update on maverick because
everyone's going to be asking me comment
of the day health maverick never sing
good he having some tummy trouble he's
not really digesting things at all so we
don't really know we're hoping he's
going to grow up yes so they're trying
some medications they're trying some a
few different things to hopefully move
things along but we'll see follow K on
Instagram to follow his progress yeah
yeah call me Katie bug I'm calm kadiebug
I want to say thank you to remedy is fan
basic for all your prayers or I mean
without crying or anything I'm trying to
hold together then thank you all so much
for praying for real I mean I've seen
even Auto respond to every post or
comment or anything I see them all and I
thank you so much for me parents because
they're being heard and he's getting
bigger and before bill get honored yes
he's four people or a pound she not a
two pounds six ounces yes oh my gosh
that's a no that is like a hefty
difference
yeah in the 0.12 teen when you're 19
could be something at all I know hey
that's crazy
all right Cody hey my okay my something
mine everybody what do we have here mama
well I have something I want to show the
kids that they can just keep their
little hands off the ball
holler isn't on my dollar store where
you can find all kinds of brands give me
hot wheels all kinds of things and
you're not sacrificing quality and great
prices pick on a few thing for us but
also quite a few things for the kids in
here I will start by giving the kids
these two little guys right here y'all
can open them up
I would guess mint some mountains yours
these are pillow pet you guys these are
commercial on video there's a physical I
see everything on commercial oh that's a
dragon a purple ladybug guys awesome
thing about these I can find them at
your local like Walmart Target for like
11 dollars eight dollars and I paid two
dollars each for these well awesome is
that
so got some in here for daddy threatened
organizer it was only six dollars this
retails for $22 in stores $22 that
exactly yeah that's gonna place that up
there there's something else in there
but like this is a lot more stuff in
there okay April yeah everything's yours
dude well open a hat some for you some
salami oh my gosh
okay that's mine
your company's open you see actually
recently asking someone it's a container
where you can take your spoon with so
you're like sauce and I already here it
comes yet it retails for $20 how many
homework oh man I've gone I know you're
funny this exact one being 20 no do not
a blankie it's a Lego set buddy we had
to build it together
Paul is a perfect destination site for
like princess she's jamming shipping is
free if you spend $25 and it's awesome
is gardening I am Disney connects Hot
Wheels as we've seen Espinoza roll baby
don't throw it Google this is something
we've been used since like I got me a
coke yeah like an actual set oh but they
also have their own line called just
business and I really like what I saw in
it they had lots of things for
organization and get your home looking
really nothing to you you know me you
know I guess what guys I got them to
hook you up with 30% off one item the
most expensive item that you buy the
business partners at 30% off of that
just for the same basic when you click
the link in the description and thank
you hauler for sponsoring today's video
awesome brand really fun website to
browse or just take the new stuff or get
stuck though is so fast because it's so
cheap so you got to get on there and
they're always replace a degree cause
what are you gonna name him
dragon oh that's a great name can you
get dragon
cool man do I let me know below tell me
what you think of in here you are
I mean I don't regret now the writer Jim
the two neighbor they allow everything
down here come on boom it goes electric
baby when I can I guess that office
building nothing there for who were
playing catch buddy
he is so distracted out you're ever here
catch it
yeah yeah move that groves of law I was
just telling Justin but specially kind
of worried that April might have a
little bit of a DD in him well hopefully
it's just a kid in him that he's so
distracted I'm not what our home you're
doing a lot about your kid wings on
Tebow huh close everybody oh nice man at
least you're going for it before we just
kept the club in front of the woman like
this no matter where the ball now he's
going for it
making progress buddy there's an angel
in the outfield me a lead a broom look
so cute up there he's looking at the sky
Oh Oh doors this whole day you've got
your moon daddy
can everyone borrow your helmet just
wall he bet and he'll give it right back
all right can you can you put it on for
him is it too big for your little head
Wow okay you say so yeah oh man she is
not feeling it today this has been her
attitude most of the day
she really is lovin her little shoes
though that like mama sound came out
she's mad okay young lady she wants
something and just don't know
what do you need she's coming out so
guys check it out this weekend the kids
have two games and Angela and I are both
snack mom so we are tag-teaming thank
you for bringing me snacks this position
we're doing oranges and yogurt is in
there we're going to be labeled health
water
we love this day I'm proud I'm Rob
all right run everyone put your back
down hi I'm going to be right back on
your girl - clown warm-up yeah just real
quick I gotta go I'm coming wait you're
coming with hi baby
wow it is so cold out there I don't know
how the girls are doing it I have no
idea but I just I just can I can still
date me a'right Juliet feels great yeah
I heard you it something you goin our
night for teach again oh no a drum I
want my animal Bella Oh Captain America
I don't like any Captain America stuff
in my room it doesn't go it's your own
song what is that boy I think everything
in my room a recasting sorry how long
ago was it when you gave you this
it's not even almost gone yet I was a
long time there when I was on ice and I
still have hey guys it's almost 1:00
a.m. so we're actually technically into
tomorrow now so comment of the day goes
to gender bear lover Sam do you ever
plug in the lights on the tree anymore
or are you just leaving them on there
until Christmas I think I have
officially decided to leave them up
until next Christmas we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you Nina
sleeping and remember to love each other
you can't make
in this together
