he was standing right here trying to get
clothes out his closet for churches mom
I said Abram don't worry about it I'll
get later went back to the room to go
get my phone and this thing came
crashing down I thought it was going to
be on top of you and when I came back in
the room but thank God it wasn't worried
but where's the big piece of that pillow
big pieces didn't fall off it just kind
of shattered little pieces everywhere
see all the big pieces are still on
there creepy huh a cousin so so bad guy
it's got to be maybe like 60 pounds like
him down on his head that would have
been really bad
God really had no hand of protection
over here buddy I'm glad you're okay man
look at this hair is everywhere isn't it
so cute though it so fluffy and song and
after look at that happy bunny night o
night you mean and 1/4 inches me and my
girls are all wearing pink pink pink I'm
sleepy yeah good good father
alright Abram you're going to be whiny
today bro ah I see you I know you're
never whining yeah I know there's gonna
whiny buddy all morning oh wow way too
early for him calf
Tiffany you're supposed to take care of
on the clock oh my gosh you have me down
there pushing each other that's okay
it makes would be Bram today a brand
Bram
that's your name today bye come on Bram
good class guys maybe she is pushes will
America why are you watching the baby
today
well I know okay there are back but
first it starts getting crazy we can run
and grab you know how about the only has
two babies oh so you come sit with us
yeah okay come to get me baby you can't
handle the pigtail it away I can't
anyway they're smiling
hi I'm about to pop this yummy chicken
spaghetti into the oven
mmm mmm
this is the recipe that I learned when
Sam and I first got married my cousin CJ
had posted about it on Facebook a
message Tim was trying to give me that
recipe I mean you know I'm trying to
learn how to kick kick from a heavy so
this is one that I feel like in the
beginning I perfected we've been married
almost eight years seven and a half
right seven a half years yes and so in
the beginning like the first couple
years I cooked chicken spaghetti at
least once a week or if not you know at
least a cut at least a couple times a
month I remember one time Sam's dad came
for a visit and I made a whole big old
batch everyone and Cinnabon Tom with him
it would like my specialty for a while
there I think gosh it's probably been
like two years since I've cooked chicken
spaghetti it's not a why I just I guess
I got tired of it and I moved on to
other new things that I've perfected but
it's funny because in the beginning of
our marriage my light goes to recipes
were meatloaf chicken spaghetti and then
this like casserole that was like a
Mexican chicken with cornbread stuffing
all combined it was so delicious
good guys I'm taking the kids training
in the drive train which I've never seen
water before guide you just got sprayed
in the face by a toilet
we just went live on YouTube guys we
just thought we want to start doing a
live video on Sundays to give us a break
on the editing spend more time as a
family and we're probably in a born live
around 5:00 every Sunday hey dude you
can watch yourself
yeah it was my shoulders can't even fit
in the wrong feet I'm fine I'm fine I
can get kicked out
are you kidding
remember you know your four things
that's right every how about a little
cap gun I think you're on a beam girl
and giving a Whizzer simcha and parties
you can't put chilli PADI me and you
handsome white so something how do you
about Abram coming with us is fun I
enjoy it more
or would you rather be alone between
union am I really like it I like it
you do that makes me happy
very racer dare animal erases and they
can hug your punch that's even fun way
to entertain your children take him
shopping keep him a little bit about
money simply saved a dollar to save one
for the church and she said there's only
one for Texas
so she's learning and she's jumping
she's going at fourth thing is no
offence on ball say my favorite thing
Phil you got it nope you can only get
four things buddy look you can get the
suckers or you can get the teeth Club
which one you want
I know you want the cheese puffs
okay okay you're what I want
hey man come on I need you so die to
play for yourself
he's going to show you where the cashier
is buddy hey that's all symphony
remember at Walmart
mommy put your stress on the little
things conveyor belt huh you're going to
hear the combo is here okay you can some
bleep it up snack just a first come on
buddy
when I stopped up there I'm gonna do my
job for them now we put them up here
Monica meet Anaka and you have nothing
yeah that's separate and I have yes
425 here in Vista change back everyone
get down buddy
fine
thank you thank you good night
emigrated face has been rung up your
stuff yet by everyone 417 change for you
buddy
don't forget your change you're playing
your little pocket she's gonna give you
some change back your pack I want my
backpack whoo I can't wait to clear an
upper body you know that even okay as I
say with my cranium your car yes Eddie
oh yeah look at the table looking at
Mary put them in your pocket buddy oh
you got everything put them in his
pocket no no put them in his pocket our
shirt your dad oh boy play Abram that
doesn't sing the receipt in your bag
there you go yeah all right come on get
shopping guys you got cheetah yeah you
remember we nothing Shimoga Wow very Oh
Oh ladies a little pieces Tiffany got
peepees all this Tiffany peepees are
those yours everybody hey a bubble
angina even away guy he just grabs out
of the shoving through it
okay that's great look at that mirror
actually you know having this
off-the-wall money make things a lot
easier
no way are they are you serious what
happened one all yeah just keep one side
neat always open anyway
I've organized that thing so many times
in it this is perfect girl is not done
man yeah I'm gonna pick it up Oh O'Hara
lights out what up Jimmy give me oh can
you guys imagine that hit Abram that
could have easily killed him I'm just so
thankful to God right now just like I
look at him like and I hold them extra
tight today I've been just kissing them
and holding mixer site I just can't
imagine what would happen if it just
like fill in the shoulder right here
that would have been so bad these things
are so heavy really heavy near why mommy
okay you're right back flying that guy
right here
hi buddy hi yeah yeah wow you drinking
one I'm drinking sleepytime tea
Margy cheese wine tonight what's going
on
my shoulders are hurting and it's been a
while knocking okay Leslie Xuan just
came look so much fun all you guys are
the best
it looks like a toilet and filling up
more now you have me wanting to try the
game oh well she definitely try it out
was a lot of fun Symphony plays a lot
after the fact
daddy you don't understand how much I
love this game came here and told me
that like often get him but thank you
glad you're enjoying a bronchitis by the
way don't forget we love you guys
remember to love each other
No
we're in this together
