get ready play really fun game alright
we're going to play a game with you guys
hear me and I are thinking about instead
of drawing videos on Sundays we can
start going live on Sunday every Sunday
going live instead of posting a video so
it gives us a break from editing but you
guys still get to join the family today
so come open the game sweetie
sim please been wanting to play this
game for a while have you guys played
this game boy look trouble I haven't
played this game are you gonna play with
us yeah help sissy open it this time you
never push to be brave June dad's gonna
be a spectator how do you win though how
do you win that's only fear I think it's
just fun like the toilet oh so cute you
have to build a toilet here
hey it's unfair cute girls all toilet
it's the only air control all the way
around yeah her mercury robot can use it
this is what playing for all you new
people to come on toilet trouble we got
to put together the toilet who's gonna
fill up the toilet that's the question
he's gonna fill it up me I really went
today June yes any tears is fair okay
I'm hope is expectation maybe not yet we
gotta wait huh blue any take that off
screen what a bummer no I don't get it
hey guys if you don't know about super
chat there's a um I guess a dollar sign
on your screen
there you click it and you can pay a
dollar to have your helmet promoted to
the very top for a certain amount of
time where you pay two dollars and have
it up there for lawn repair time so if
you have some important to say during
our live video no spear dollar please
all right here we go guys look there's a
bathroom floor oh yeah it's like a tile
floor oh I think it's a damn Oh everyone
doesn't need to go potty put the game
away I need to go okay even though I
guess later in foot Watterson yeah yes
where's the instructions
um right here right here daddy has them
I guess you just put the water oh wait
wait okay do all those things already
did
wait bolt for the line with clean tap
water can we make sure the toilet yeah
it says to make sure the toilet lid is
flipped to the upward position oh yeah
okay yeah the toilet by flushing the
handle until the one right guys sister
what do you put the water in here you
put it see the fill line right there oh
you just feel that huh oh I'll go get
some on you go get a cup of water okay
that's it this is today's vlog guys
whether somebody's asked I'm still
uploading the vlog this is gonna be
tight wire we're not gonna put the block
for you oh yeah it goes first the last
person to have used the toilet are you
serious yeah ha ha that's hilarious
apron was the second right after you
every you get to go second buddy is so
funny molasses to spin the toilet paper
roll spinner the last person you like
Kaitlyn I'm not gonna come on dude it's
just a toilet you love flushing toilets
I know
butterflies are you ever used to love
flushing toilets and now he's got a toy
toilet and he's kind of nervous about it
drink of it daddy I take a drink of the
toilet water okay normal okay so I did
it the directions I scooped it out is it
climbing okay daddy
so your purse money I spend my time you
spin the toilet papers burger oh yes
yeah yeah yeah you just you just spin it
you sure that's how many flushes you do
what is that Marie Curie hey was that
one or three three three three guys that
looks like the one that's a one you can
oh oh yeah so it's my turn right sure
symphonies turn who do you ever mature
chair body use it to the next okay okay
alright I'll do it I'll do it
alright go ahead you gotta put your head
over it now it just has to face of tea
oh that was that one made a clicking
noise did you hear only a flushing sound
that no water sprayed you're safe next
week players are gonna follow me and
then me again no and then daddy than me
then oh I got a one no you have to meet
say hey bro come on cutie come on back
up flush the toilet here I splashed in
the eyes no okay just barely sprinkles
it feels small let us splash me okay
buddy here come to your turn and daddy
you'll get splashed you just have to
roll the toilet paper
I'll ooh girl you gotta wash it one time
oh geez I'm free I'm so ship once one
time only
wait wait we had some towards him that
mean go ahead foster closer buddy oh my
god you're safe
well what does one of happens you know
you gotta free yeah daddy go see if it
gets daddy to three oh my god anything
working I got it - yeah here we go one
busy really what I didn't see you you
should I carry sprinkled Oh Jerry
sprinkle it got here to here oh okay
it's gonna spray out of that it's so
much fun you get FRA hubby come take
your turn it's probably mom you get you
cuz they got sissy come roll the toilet
paper that's pretty plain you roll the
toilet paper yeah pretty clever little
things I'm gonna get it - okay roll it
you wouldn't get it - you got a three I
got a flush it few times that was only
one hallway why don't I see the water
I think babies worried let her know
y'all are okay she gets me here I'm
gonna flush it how are you tell its
phrase so you guys can see what the
Loire looks like one two three four you
guys see the holes right that's pretty
funny
so comes out of that little hole right
there I got basically when you get
started you're out and so technically
we're playing by the rules
I'd be the winner right now oh you're
right yeah lomi won that round
ah Oh mommy why are you do it again toy
I don't know Juliet yes your mom's crazy
she's like dad she's like so nonchalant
about it like it oh my god she needs her
snack I got one I didn't get it mom eat
your king go ahead
oh did you roll red bell pepper oh honey
when it's my turn she said oh you got a
three yeah this games come out kind of
lame game no it's not what hey I took
the sting initial and Phil no oh sweet
somebody left us a super chat crafty
girl 101 hey
$10 for this message guys I love you
what was your inspiration start youtube
I have a channel called mega moves what
you're taking a vlogging I'd get my
subscribers we got a wall before you
subscribe
also this crafty girl versus 32 our
inspiration to start YouTube honestly
was you guys
the frozen video went viral and several
people were just like hey you got some
vloggers your blog you serve lager like
what in the world is vlogging and of
course we researched it and we found the
Shaytards go figure right the Shaytards
so we saw what they did watch them for a
couple days we're like now it's fun they
gave it a shot
and um we loved it so we just kept
blowing of it that's what inspired us to
do it and now we just love sharing our
life with you guys and I'm spreading the
word of Jesus through our Channel that's
the main reason we do this
hey what has he done for us
thanks for the super chat crafty girl oh
so much got me oh my god like that was
the most of all of you guys I think no
there was a lot of water whatever hey
you're some more snacky poop I am making
chicken spaghetti I really thought it
was gonna bubble over and get my oven
all dirty buddy dinner so yeah seven
minutes left I kind of shared my recipe
in a vlog that'll go up in a couple of
days so yes it's different doing stuff
winter life because I'm just randomly
walking around and usually that kind of
stuff we get cut out of a log did I have
to get freezing cold water I got
physical did you larry's you are so
funny well guys thanks for joining us
game of toilet trouble it's a fun game
but it doesn't really last that long
why it's fun to get wet I guess it's fun
for kids fun for several kids do it
right Oh gonna read a few comments and
say goodbye how do you stop Oh Sarah
North I'm a huge fan of you guys is
crazy
ah how do you go to the city white
somebody wrote that does that mean they
did it oh you know it's you do not go
Emily Barker it's 11:30 here can you say
happy birthday Abbey hi Abbey happy
birthday birthday Abbey
we had fun playing with us we will see
you guys tomorrow
next time the guys worry something fun
again that's what we'll do this is what
we'll do on Sundays from now on thanks
for joining us guys we'll catch you in
tomorrow's vlog don't forget remember to
love each other
