hey guys we made it home to a very
special surprise julia has her own
middle crawl going on here I know she's
called what before but in centuries a
little hotter all all my sister made by
the same guy no fight a stain we've got
two days of what not to give
but in this together
I feel like mega mom right now who is
that Symphony wait wait I just took
water out
remember I told you we're not coming in
and out were your friends are here
they're here take these two I'll be
right there
I'm hosting my first ever playdate for
somebody's first grade class I'll give
you guys a sneak peek is there an oh man
everyone was on the trampoline look at
all these kids in our yard in the mom Oh
y'all I gotta admit I was a little bit
nervous to have all the moms over like I
feel so much pressure I don't know why
I'm trying not to get over it but I'm
just right now mainly having fun sandy
just got here
she always makes you feel a little more
relaxed thank goodness our kids go to
school together man Sam just got home so
now Abrams out there whoa okay that's
the remnants of playdate numero uno
somebody left their jacket oh it's
Brooke okay hey guys we made it home to
a very special surprise julia has her
own will crawl going on here I mean I
know she's called once before but this
time she's comes on a frog hop crawl
look at this this is the first time we
both sing that's right just good know
she can I just know what are you gonna
be being so proud of than your husband
didn't want to see it just as much as we
do
how's your playdate okay all right
how was your playdate great hug you guys
have fun entrepreneur's all the balls
kept jumping from your side but they got
a good jump them onto the bouncy balls
right it could hear you lately you know
know once you land wrong you could hurt
you everybody was on your slide okay
well those kids were on your camera or
one more human right here prepares McAra
train sitting on it
yeah okay oh my god yeah I'll get out
thank you
so I'm doing my work over here yeah mama
mama she had 60 before she cool hey guys
it's that time of the month again to
remind you how you can earn cash in the
form of gift cards I know that you have
several times about this in the past
when you and I were struggling with
money
Gnaeus signed up for this website called
Opinion Outpost calm and it's a place
where we take surveys and you earn
points by taking the surveys and they
give you gift cards and return for those
points to iTunes amazon.com and a bunch
of other places and even though these
surveys are kind of fun to take they
know your time is valuable so they give
you those gift cards in return and I
think you guys a lot of you guys could
benefit from that and that's why I want
to share it with you I'm going to put a
link in the description click the link
down there and Thank You penny an
outpost for sponsoring today's vlog all
right guys we have somebody to introduce
you to new addition to the family
okay he's going to be kind of like with
the fam basic mascot honey gonna bring
out the only bud okay are you guys ready
yeah kind of like your new brothers okay
kind of like the mascot like daddy said
count me down
Nate TJ TJ Maxx mine
no it's all of ours mommy and daddy made
him at build-a-bear has a little phone
he also has shoes during the car mommy
daddy went on date and built that build
a better job Erik even hunter wear yours
in his underwear because he's a slop and
he forgot to put his pants on oh and
watch this check it out
all right
today do you like TJ his name is PJ PJ
now thank you
she also has a heartbeat if you press
right in the middle of the chest
I cupcake a little bit higher a little
bit high right there so beating me
does her still beep thank you did you
write Oh everyone feel his heart let
Jimmy out meeting no three great that
colon on the man she fell Khmer what
what you can actually hang on trees
Sookie J is the official cemani mascot
do - Hanna failure she gave missed the
idea in yesterday's video
TJ is the new mascot of the fam basic
yeah declared it and it is so now you
know I talk slow
you can teach left yes you know who's
talking
yep ah dad yeah Oh nobody keeps you guys
for my cough so mom does that II need a
lesson yeah what do you mean teaching
that spring coming that's what that is
spring is right around the corner honk :
hey doing buddy his name is teach or TJ
TJ but I like your call too much put
them up higher three or higher and do
speak there you go
yeah just like that now let go of his
hand
man like that there you go well he
caught himself nobody's holding him how
important lasagna and what is a kind of
lasagna like a piano and you're supposed
to roll up the new anyway I had to like
make them make a sauce that's good why
are you oh my god my venison is good I
like it
we're talking about build-a-bear
I either gonna be on my birthday but I
might get it eyes to go there I don't
baby mine adulthood I probably am
because I know you're smiling you're
smiling no I said I doubt it about it
but you're smiling
yeah how do I tell you birthday other
expensive there well you will we get
half away and see can you really can go
this Valentine's Day you did telling us
you really did daddy I did hmm
you did I did you're right
we did it now you're right really minute
Wow so maybe it will happen before your
birthday
maybe tomorrow see sure was good okay oh
you're gonna happen to Uncle Michael
yeah when he was two years old with
Michael our chairs over sitting in the
sink taking a bath
oh and Nana walk around the room just
for a second to go answer the phone
today no Uncle Michael turn the hot
water on and we're all over his feet and
burned his feet so bad and then we're
just like jumping around in the sink
when my mom came rushing in or Matthew
can be resolved jump around
that's how funny it was burned bad he
had to go to the hottest like you burned
your hand baby uncle Michael see a
meanie
that's funny because my mom said I was
crying just as hard as he was and I was
bouncing around as if I had to run to
figure out what was going on after I die
gay LLL be there were you at ysg now oh
oh hey
next time well hey somebody
ahh twinkle wait
it could be home guys thanks for
chilling out with this on is relaxing
day comment of the day goes to teddy 100
I air takes me when there's no comment
of the day it takes us a long time to
get comment of the day usually and when
we're out and about or busy we're about
to go do something taking about going
through all the comments reading them
picking out the best comment is just it
kind of overwhelms us so sometimes we
have to skip it so sorry about that
we'll do our best never to skip it again
just for you Teddy 100 and don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
but end this together
