her dad was amazing and 88 he have
stroke and doctor sudden Leslie may have
died maybe not right away but soon he's
having another stroke it's gonna kill so
he brought him home and he was in a lazy
boy in his living room and I said that
Leslie and her mom's appreciate so much
you could go out one leg shot yeah so
you know you're dying you know that so
no I don't even heaven without you your
daughter your wife
we don't you in heaven without you and
he was like a stone wall just you and so
I tried everything I reasoned with them
Micah Joel the helm I you know I tried
everything and get lose it but then
slowly to about 45 minutes of a sudden
it started softening and finally I said
yeah you want to receive Jesus right now
don't you any not seriously sighs and so
I got to leave her father to faith in
Christ and then wasn't him home with his
wife and we're celebrating so a party
and she there cooking dinner at her
party and then he another stroke so we
called an ambulance an ambulance now was
Leslie gets in the ambulance with him
they they and I'm in the entire
following with his wife and they get to
the emergency room and they they put out
on a gurney and as he's going into the
emergency room he looks up and says the
Leslie tell me things and he goes in and
that stroke in and of scrambling his
mind and he lingered for a while and he
died so the last kocha
you are my brother you are
sister
by the same guy loved by the same
to live
in this together freak out buddy
anyway come in get up
you had your cell phone all night TJ
good morning guys how are you this
morning we're getting ready to head on
out of here pretty early we never leave
hotels us early doing honey
he was like can't we just not eat
breakfast and sleep a little longer
we're in a cute dress that's different I
like it what the material is different
reminds me like 70s or something color
you mean the colors you see mustard is
an upcoming color for spring isn't
mustard for spring that's interesting
so we're doing breakfast
based on GRU
some of the strokes are really really
good it looks like on down that way it
looks like
oh really mr. clean fun what's he doing
there mr. clean I know you like jazz
check it out guys I made a little cooler
for my milk that I pumped I have two of
them I told her just get rid of it
mmm I said not in a million years I've
got to maintain it and keep the cool all
day long all night long we're about to
drive back to Houston right now for the
event and then we have a little probably
hang out after that and use them for a
couple hours yeah I want to yeah
I'm pounding is she's very on top of
this t-ball Braverman you may have
practice on time okay this guy right
here
it just has expressed so much to be in
the 13 years we've been together how
much he wishes experience stuck it out
with practices and games and sports
specifically sports and I'm not gonna
let us make the same mistake on our kids
oh that's sweet so basically she's
teaching us discipline mainly me I love
car garages guys that makes my voice
sound better I'm gonna sing you a song
what
people
you every single day
guys you think teacher is big enough to
be sitting in this seat and toddler seat
I think so there you go little buddy
guys you got a hair done
near the thing great clips just to get
ur hairstyle we made it to the location
guys so what this is it's a private
event that we were invited to along with
25 other social influencers across
different platforms I think there's only
one other youtuber here and it's all
basically to meet this guy Lee Strobel
or in these trouble
I think it's travel seems a struggling
we're not sure that rubbish mobile but
he wrote these books called the kiss for
Christ it's at the Embassy Suites here
in Houston Lee Strobel lives near here
that's why we're meeting here
hey mr. calm there those guys kissing
Persephone were supposed to be in that
darkroom good honey you lead the way
this is Matt we're new friends mark his
mouth gonna Brandon is faster in Kansas
II wish on head background them really
marketing and social media faith in
things viral and all that stuff and
supply the price tight Atkins close
buddy from Nashville and overseas
leadership had lightly in music Twitter
grantsdale didn't ulti mine from Dallas
and launched something called initiative
which is powerful movement of young
adults as well as the name of it is but
a bunch of local missionaries
Lupe's on is a pastor in Arkansas Jason
Dania is a director of ministry
development and outreach when a pregnant
is from Dallas as well and is the North
American director of Christian vision
stand India our new friends and they're
from Texas and people saw was my success
at the Chicago Tribune is legal editor
degree from Yale Law School Journal
degree from Missouri was a legal editor
in the Tribune and they saw that success
what they didn't see was me literally
drunk in the snow in an alley on
Saturday night and of course is spilled
over to my family we're doing some
pretty Texas barbecue for lunch
look at that beautiful presentation so
far what do you think honey have you
really I thought I heard you sniffing
over there I feel like this is
definitely one of the biggest things
that we've been a part of since we've
entered the YouTube space the most
important thing by far
Jason is two twin daughters this is Matt
Brown this is the guy who invited us out
here which is awesome she's kind of out
of nowhere heard about him from the
company that's making Lee's movie which
is the largest Christian movie coming in
the world Emma and dusty
this is your dad and I've got this is
the guy wrote the books great
I've been listening to this guy's voice
confessions you know what I lost my
voice about five years ago and tranny
begin a panic I had to go through
therapy yeah I was really after
before you didn't book audiobook yes it
was before and then got restored it
through Maori didn't matter well it
works some people some like Alan Alda so
one of the big reasons we're here we got
to see a preview of his movies that's
coming out one's coming out April 7th
April 7th and it looks so good did you
cry the guy that plays you yes he's so
cool Erika Christensen from Parenthood
plays my life Leslie Faye Dunaway a
court can reward winter and Hollywood
legend is in it acting is so good guys I
know sometimes Christians
I think you know we've learned through
the years I think okay I think
Christians are making better and better
films fine boy they did a great job and
I'm not taking credit they did a great
job and you know it's a love story it's
a story of a father-son relationship
it's a father a story of a big-city
newspaper it's a city of when I
investigated a story about a
investigative story to me in my
spiritual journey and how I set out to
disprove Christianity and came to the
opposite conclusion
but what's interesting to me is we
tested this movie they showed it to
different audiences and one of the
audiences were all non-christians and
then what is the final nail in the
coffin
he was the
nine sources that we have inside and
outside the New Testament that confirm
interoperation conviction of the
disciples that they encountered the
resurrected Jesus that is an avalanche
of historical data that most of what we
know from ancient histories from one or
two sources we have sources inside and
outside the Bible confirming this is
solid evidence historically and that's
why so many millions of people come to
faith in Jesus it stands up to scrutiny
me and you guys that was just so amazing
that was one of the coolest things by
far we've gotten to do since we started
doing YouTube it was just so uplifting
and motivating and just made me want to
just go deeper and spreading the word
but now we are at Barnes & Noble The
Shack that's the next book on my list
I'm reading like two or three kind of
simultaneously right now well really
kind of forward but I kind of gave up on
one that's about Queen Elizabeth just
couldn't get into it I really like the
show the crown anyways long story short
I'm gonna find this Shack we were
talking about that today at the meeting
I had no idea was a christian-based book
there's a movie coming out or it's
already out and it is a Christian movie
slash novel and I'm gonna find it I want
to watch it before I know want to read
it I want to read it before I see the
movie
Oh either one bug news you get the shock
I can't want to say to catch this shot
and even though I just got two books
from the conference we just went to I
got another book here from Bill O'Reilly
killing Jesus really good we're about
the head home it's gonna take us four
hours so we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget each other
but in this together
