- good one fan to the beat to the eighth
city are you guys doing today I'm me and
I are getting ready to get I'm gonna go
to a little Church conference with this
baby
our babysitters
morning guys we're almost to our
conference and I just finished my makeup
we're here at this massive church we're
gonna hide our way any time I come to
anything like this I always think of
that time we went and had like breakfast
/ lunch with Matt and Diana Ward when we
were at that conference with that church
we were out before we went to Pillar are
you in trouble holding your hair my hair
is sticking my lips oh gosh all about
work for nothing I can't believe it my
name is Kimberly burner and we're so
happy that you're here come on in girl
thank you
well so far it looks kind of like a
YouTube convention right who they by
kind of a Christian spin on it we're in
for John to come to give us our badges
some may don't like that I like your
where's the bingo cards man no this time
able to see back there
take it off no it's not uncomfortable
we're gonna be in the Book of Daniel is
going it and the reason we're gonna be
there is because I I think it does a
great job of framing this particular
issue for us because the Book of Daniel
particularly the chapter we're going to
be in Chapter four of Daniel
okay alright guys well lunch breaks
though we're going to take this time to
check in to our hotel right babe oh
gotta check in and stay for a little bit
this is nice you know the cowboy hat for
me look at that hat that's nice oh
that's that's cool look he's gonna pull
me to the ceiling George Bush said that
this is a George Bush quote oh that's
quick Oh insane going see an inflection
I have waited samurai hmmm I don't know
follow me the cowboy the samurai this is
a cold door here to see the toilet it's
the only reason I got a fancy room for
us
oh whatever it's weird guys nobody got a
fancy toilet at my own house toilets
don't impress me that much anymore this
is just a sea of this lid it's like this
cocaine yeah you really should just walk
with your hands on it hello honey look
here's where you'll be sleeping
that is not our meal they brought that
out as an appetizer and always play
large pizza and I'm sitting with a
rocket engineer the other day and I
asked i'm anastasiya I must just that
much smarter than NASA and he goes he
said no it's not that he's smarter than
NASA he's just not afraid to fail and he
just does stuff I would say that's what
a man to do with money like how much
more can we do with the Holy Spirit as
representatives of Jesus Christ who
always keeps his commitment you know the
and does what he says that he's going to
do and so as we go out as ambassador's
or representatives of crisis like they
we know what are we afraid to fail I
mean Christ has covered for all of our
sins just I'm excited today it's just us
to look at Shannon and Shawn so we just
had lunch and now it's dinner break
we're obviously not hungry skip one
session and then have a break and then
now we went to the soda session and now
we have this dinner break and then
there's going to be another session
after that right now I think we're gonna
go to that food place and go socialize
there are fellow brothers and sisters to
imbibe these types of things are so cool
these are the types of things that you
got to say yes to and the opportunity to
present the self we didn't necessarily
want to go we're so busy we said yes and
I don't regret it at all it's just so
great being around so many people where
like-minded it's just inspiring you know
and it's supportive and it's it's just
good to be around your brothers and
sisters in Christ I mean there's just
nothing like it you know it makes living
here easier cuz there's everybody
relates to you and it's just it's great
and we were having such a great time
found out what that noise was I thought
I was the gas lump like a leak in the
gas line one
what's up everybody
made it back to buy a manager
it's a perfect slice to ever wanting the
size family looking that won't fit in
your pocket too small or too big that's
a good size you're trying to find our
crew but it's so congested so I'm just
coming upstairs to have a look
whoa
I'm breaking bread beating together
meals and probably the Lord's Supper and
in prayer that's the place of Prayer
come boldly and receive on the mercy you
need and the grace that you need me God
has set for us prayer is awesome in its
power Oh pastor Pastor Jim that's all
school in nonsense there's no all school
and there's no new school there's only
Bible School alright guys today was
absolutely amazing cannot wait to take
you guys back to the retreat tomorrow
retreat it's conference weekend but I
have a comment author girl pet parents
Sam tried five to seven weeks of the
ketogenic diet and soul water and say
goodbye to all your pain and
inflammation somebody just mentioned get
a gen8 diets a diet like a keto diet I'm
not sure what you're cutting out exactly
ketogenic I'm pretty sure Jessica from
our church was cheated I wrote two I'm
just a regular inflammatory no sweets
and no carbs I think probably know a lot
of stuff I know we have no idea or talk
anyways thank you guys so much for your
suggestions and you know just caring
about sam appreciated and his you know
issue that he was having with his
fingers and his knees or whatever
everything that happens in her life you
guys are always so sweet to care and
offer advice and suggestions to us and
it really means a lot we're so thankful
to have you guys along on this journey
with us every day we love you and
remember to love each other this place
is a maze
my favorite your favorite I think I've
got money I got of all the poems Oh
who's the best
we laugh because we did it at the same
time
