oh well there you go through ya doing
music most people will Club pick up that
training wheel whoo all right so check
out the other one no more training
wheels for Tiffany they got to use your
kickstand
we gotta get to 16 all right get out get
your pads on pad
yeah well whore is it you're going to do
so good baby just don't hug hell my
prediction is how long before we think
she catches on I think by the end of
next week so be thankful whoo the end of
next week
that's Andrea's prediction I think maybe
tomorrow scissors over tomorrow
although we're going out of town we
won't have bike here I'll be here
working on the bike saying that singing
please practice every day
I don't know if the rain boots are the
best option pretty so when you're riding
a bike without training with the first
thing you do is you can feel English
dancing horse y'all push it you just put
the feet up and down and pay you get to
your feet on the pedal
and a big most important thing when
you're wearing head ride your bike is
having confidence in yourself okay it's
a I can do it I can do it I can do this
there you go then I can learn to ride a
bike without my straining little learn
to ride a bike without my training
okay so balance is a'ight resident I
charge you the whole 16 good I came out
the gate she's on the pill oh yes I got
it
see you got to keep pedaling Symphony
you have to pedal
I'm stripping his voice oh that's a
sight Camela Mama's heart oh my gosh our
first baby being caught by daddy to ride
the bike oh we're naming you did you
take it easy
it's hard for the first time you guys
take practice we're very proud of you
are you done for the day
okay you can try one more time before
sex before we take all the pads off okay
you want the train wheels back on let's
all talk like a baby
your thing is hurt so much what was the
movie reset don't watch me on TV why
definitely because you're so brave you
get so good on bike I'm going to take
you to three Prague's goody maknaes iam
and learn some math together well Juliet
oh I'm proud of you do yet keeping
around me majors would be most unhealthy
acts a row maybe bad day we got candy a
public facility became completed
together Gumby on top smooth he has a
good way
froggen yours yummy I've got blueberry
mango and and I got every mention kids
packs are stressful Oh God sure honey
sue those repeal it and that was the
main goal now that we're kicking yeah
that's the food and she's cooking buddy
I don't like him now so we have one day
there will be Batman perfect we just saw
Batman Lego Batman I do not do it at all
everyone didn't either he's like to go
home now like help I didn't really the
talisman you know where Batman he then
will skeleton yeah you do honey look
this ransom good romantic dinner a young
a top-flight Eddie
agent Kendall return that one option
that one on oh it's a nice ok very like
formal until underdressed so there why
have
no I have to do table to table where I
show the lady some granite peak we're
making between you can tell it to no
glasses the no glossy
they will need you guys before we do
common today I want to show you a
painting I bought I have I don't think
I've ever bought a painting I'm not one
to buy paintings
unless very meaningful to me caught this
one put a pulp here because I would love
to hear if you guys like this as much as
me yes that's a great painting coming to
the day I'm not trying to be rude but
does that it with Abram have ADHD I've
learned with it seems they can't turn
the subject you could maybe get the myth
now so it may be better get up sooner
than later like you feel great
still awaiting banyan culture already
putting your kids on the menu at three
years old kids suggesting it I know it
in a kid including three no three year
old's this playbook is thing I've never
heard of the prophetic alerting
Elizabeth Sawyer all right well there's
comment of the day for you I'll read it
how did you did alright guys don't
forget we love you and I remember hey
what are you doing to love other people
yeah well she doesn't know it like you
know you rather tell me dude yeah look
at that
remember we love you now we love you and
remember to them each other well she got
it I'll try
we can't make
within this together
