ever it's game day get your game on
who's that all you need
Oh
ha
you came back
Oh
Oh
oh look at your little cheerleader Avram
your box whoa
these are not people close its
cheerleaders gonna cheer for you play oh
my gosh good times I'm wearing an away
my back see what you got give me a good
job Wow your necklace that makes it
official
oh my oh honey
Wow buddy yeah you come out Lipa right
here you come out as you can see I'm
sporting rebel 18 knuckleballers
Amanda all right let's go find your team
and we'll put your glove know when we
get there we made it to the baseball
come on Stephanie this is crazy guys the
first baseball game for my son t-ball
again many more to come hopefully we'll
see me like this what your kidnapped Wow
oh you're not kidding have you belong to
us come on
together and dance together up and you
kind of bend your knees while you do it
hey you guys anything good shark came
from McKenna arm
that proud daddy worried worried that
again well buddy
all right uncle magic amnesty Avram
plays first game ever
I don't buddy hey
Oh Juliet just mary-kate go Bobby go
Bobby happy we had some friends on TV so
uh Renee and Tanner everybody weed I
just tucked over in the middle of their
busy day watch nubby play Renee loves
little many people here I can be
regulated thank you doesn't mean you
have a boy I feel like that'll be me one
day I'll miss that face hope you guys a
broom is out there he was just playing
in the dirt but I guess now they switch
one day
we going on 5 April I just see on this
side
get over here in your line
Oh everyone we garner this way he's lost
hey bro get it all done
he's got bubblegum already are you going
through yeah yeah a lot of crisis it's a
good thing okay
hey honey - morning it's alright
ever put your hand in there there's end
up hockey no no no put your hand up
hurry up right here look at my pocket
okay hey bro who's nuts the ballers
underlaying in there buddy
you're wrong when I was talking about
how we were so disinterested in sports
was like 18 yeah but we were teeny as
roof back and I go a teenager's regular
birth country rule he was good but
Nicholas in high school I tried out for
the baseball team a few people were
cutting on wonderfully everyone's
beautiful so it was such a great day
watching Avery plays t-ball game for the
very first time it's very first game
it's really meaningful to me because one
of the biggest regrets I have in my life
is that I wasn't more focused on sports
and I can tell everyone catch on quick
by the way he's the youngest person on
his team that's why I seems so oblivious
compared to the other boys but I'm still
so happy for him I hope I'm doing this
right
I hope I'm leading him right we're going
to split up today's footage into two
vlogs because I want to include as much
footage as Abram plank his first people
game as possible on the vlog and then
also when we got home we've taught
Symphony how to ride your bike without
training wheels I was a pretty big day
so we want to separate those into two
vlogs and tomorrow like we sometimes do
take off on Sunday is what we'll be
doing tomorrow but you'll see the second
part of today tomorrow this is common of
the day it goes to Taylor and Evan who
else always gets home from school and
watches salmon Nia and on the weekends
whenever the phone goes off wants it to
be same in year's video that is very
sweet Taylor and Evan we really
appreciate you watching appreciate you
guys you know click on video after
school if just imagine you guys coming
home watching us just brings joy to my
heart and down this is such an awesome
opportunity that God has given us thanks
for watching we'll see you guys well
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
Oh
unless the camera
we're in this together
