or a bad day and cut it in hope imagine
dropping in good job buddy
we're gonna whisk them all up sissy hey
guys - Thank You cheeky gear in my nose
no sir this is anything yet okay I can't
uh be a little turned on Jack go ahead
cut boy and every morning or yo hey
doing today I was earlier door neighbour
I'm glad he's not big animal good
yesterday that shit's three medications
hidden in that fruit
she has an anti reflux the antibiotic on
the one last piece of swim in the
kitchen BAM basic yesterday when I
showed you guys the foam out here I was
actually coming out to show you my shed
I'm gonna go see it a broom yeah you bet
you hey you like that buddy got it all
organized and on the trash out of here
I've got a shelf up right here and one
of the things that motivated me was our
new property in Oklahoma because I
needed to take inventory of what I had
for my new shop I bigger better shop
Burger word new actually one that
there's okay yeah that's my camera as a
whole
not that for me can't and that guitar is
from her net hi baby
Habib oh hi baby
my buddy banana here I joined in for
snacking Gina's life yeah this is my
baby spoon when I was little mm-hmm she
has a serious attitude
yeah now you have three K I know so true
and that's right that as a little girl
those places
yeah I'm pleased when it's Juliette's
first time having Domino's and
publishers don't know how are you papa
I didn't that were in fun yes just wait
sit down 79 she'll know her oxygen seven
months not mean happened when I was
growing up there now no faces no more
one place in doubt about you once I sit
down how many wouldn't even know kz come
on Davis trying so hard to crawl right
now come on ah yeah
I give it like two more days before
she's crawling all over the place after
this seeing that that is no because I'm
really not Harry burned out all on inle
see the night I could get it back a
little more you're going to do is start
it back here yes you did cousin we uncle
Danny go getting high my dad mission
oh no daddy can't do it now this week
Sam took Abram exploring and my dad's
shop this tool shed
really sweet
we were home really cool watching them
show him some of this whole kind of let
him leave the way this time and now
we're in communion Queen what would we
say for you my hair please take note
that everybody's eating ice cream
except funnel and Julia oh and she wants
to play outside with everybody here a
place evolving
go get it Abram Abram favorite ball go
get it
so the first base first base is over
there first base
where's it going all right good job by I
would say him right there that's first
base you throw the first okay see that
guy right there just practice there you
go good job knuckleballer
radar number three awesome we can get
one I'm going to get one good kind of a
coil Julie I'll put digital camouflage
mommy oh thank you oh my goodness
but you were here Oh his hat real and it
y'all ever something like that here we
go
because there's sense here hey this
doesn't really smell at me like that
hey okay okay here better better better
better please run the pro place go for
the ball
oh what a day use the first layout
everybody's up fine go to first base
drop the bat
drop the bat there you go grouper face
stay there all right good job buddy he
was cut you out though
unless you guys I go to Jeremy try to
walk you Jeremy but because here guys is
Jeremy literally the last time we're at
the park we were here with Jeremy it's
kind of funny we're having the same here
II don't hear on their Oh get it
Madeleine Oh goofy oh no gotta go fast
and class environment like scared look
at those little bunny hand-holding on
high duty everyone something on here
would you win man I and that guy
keep going thank you I'll race you
ready-set-go
gonna crash no oh you can't catch oh you
are on them I only really race you sure
we're eating dinner Jeremy and Madeleine
you smell that
that's little delicious we're looking on
Madam's little farm over here cool
Sydney what kind of animals this you
have she has a little goat what is that
whoa awesome
hey that's what the goal is for golf
make your face really like everything
like in the tacos even make it you can
you can treat an awesome day long I
almost ended yeah like it's a way to
come back being some end into this room
whoa
oh my gosh that's funny yeah who is it
so would you learn tonight earning
Jeremy makes them awesome it was a
particularly cool pork really good in
the crock pot since they do not like
always the wind up fourth or insanity
know that it was really good oh really
talk about your porch like that was oh
yeah I just don't like saw a piece of
course like that
that's alright we're chopped right I
mean you don't like that I grew up
eating pork chops so you gonna make that
wonderful job well Cheryl you know
Jeremy thank you
we got a big morning tomorrow guys we've
got Abraham's people in the morning
we're in the ocean some kind of
Valentine's Day party at the church yeah
what's the cold something cafe sure and
love truth and love cafe the kids will
be serving us their parents gonna be
really cute but um don't forget every
way we love you guys and remember to
love each other
and message
in this together
