oh yeah what is that oh my gosh oh yeah
what is this I know this scares me oh my
gosh this is like parvo
what's that was it also me or you you
okay you are my brother you are my
sister and they by the same guy love by
the same heart lift up to this
we've got to give Oh
but end this together okay here we stand
bike hanging real hanging a broke lot
makes me really nervous guys we're dogs
growing up that parvo and they had the
same thing going on I was going to take
you guys outside and see my shed I get
it all cleaned up this morning come here
Stevie's gonna be okay Abram there's a
lot of people shoot
excuse me buy them go Freddie can you
hook right there and the president took
the last time for cargo and I think they
did it because you didn't have these
symptoms shelter doesn't know diary or
anything come on will you
she was scared laughs that was so good
there's no point so 32 mommy stop Cooper
you know so it seems like she's calling
and not read Chinese alone right she's
uh she's hogging up new kids that tell
me yeah it's actually not Bowman and
she's not eating you know I'm starting
me if she does a part room did you guys
test it for that uh son yeah oh here oh
good that's why restaurant I thought you
might heaven okay fine done okay yeah
thank you don't remember anyway say
weekly it's how you talk to a thing look
a guy oh thank you three hello bye yeah
well this is what we got this time
around forgive me
be in yeah oh yeah never got sticker my
dad game yeah his dad gave it to him
guys
whoever they've got they said it's just
the medication she's almost done with
the medication that's why confuse me not
the first time he had done that hey guys
how's it going today I am getting ready
to cook up some lunch for me and Sam
from our sponsors blue apron I'm super
excited we had a big Emmy box delivered
to us while we were in Oklahoma this
last weekend and you know the
grandparents are here and my mom was
like we've got this refrigerated boss
would you want me to do with it
so I was super cool that we were able to
be out of town and have our groceries
delivered to us and they keep it in a
cooler so nothing went bad before my mom
got to it put in for a truck
also for the first time we got more of
the additional products boy fair offers
on so super pumped about it I've been
watching little cooking videos here and
there everybody owns have matching
really cute bowls that they put their
stuff in so now I happen this is one of
my favorite things about blue apron it
comes already portioned out so you don't
waste anything my little sidekick and I
today we are making sunchoke and egg
noodle casserole I've got all my fresh
ingredients sitting out isn't it pretty
one to sake guys doesn't know I'm so
pretty on my China this doesn't become
like a really fun little hobby for me
when the kids are at school
I also made two meals the weekend that
we went to Broken Bow at our cabin and
it was just fun it's fun to get creative
and actually learn how to make something
outside the box how to make it pretty
how to present it I give you little tips
for what to serve with it as far as your
drink goes and I think that's so fun I'm
having fun learning and for you guys I
say in basic if you click on the link in
the description the first 50 people will
get three meals on their first blue
apron order for free but for us today it
is sunchoke and kale casserole I'm so
excited to try this you guys you ready
for this buddy check oh my window
what Luther okay
huh look at your window you don't run
over a saver hold on ty buddy hold on
whoa hold on
for your very first car wash
so I'm sitting in a puddle of water it's
so cold
there's no to know
oh my gosh you can't you just going back
to the train started go ahead open it
yeah come on dude get how cold my
buddy's right now do you see my butt you
see it hi guys how do you look at me you
look what did a real key on you look we
just looked through the car wash this
sunroof was open a little bit
I just came pouring down on me that's a
little water spout just pouring into my
lap can you believe that
what company had an unexpected thing
today there was this sound cast that's
how many I got right you're supposed to
study with me on the words closed for me
thank you that was not even the right
test you mean you did I get studying in
the car oh okay and they were the wrong
word
Oh ha how many fingers am i holding
behind my back probably five to that
commenting I got right you got all the
rest wrong what happened you need a
lighter we had the wrong water teachers
you know study them at school please
we only have like patents to come one in
Daddy's car and wrong word and one at
school alright I'm going to give Julia
and first live area guys
well fuck you later friends we got our
attention if you like me yes I am will
me you burner guys please you like some
she's doing good with it and blackberry
I have favorite no sir I meant
blueberries raspberries on my second
favorite game part and then blackberries
on my third favorite very young my
school tournament blackberry numbers
love interest later just wondering more
favorite he asleep a : okay here's 100
you know I'm doing the trash but you
know you have a best attitude about it
I'm just kidding he is questioning my
foot tracks back acknowledges abilities
abilities okay Nikki you're good at
decorating cookie room
how do you know oh
ya mean I feel oscilloscope we got a
Jackson Pollock in the making over here
thank you
how think back you know I knew hey all
right
no no don't tell them just pick a couple
up and put them on top of your cookie
yeah but you know I know how did you
start
oh the coffee sure do I'm not going to
eat mine you take it over your fight
video pretty good no daddy cry after you
cry anymore Kazekage awesome huh how
about a cup of milk
yeah
symphonie you did a good job girlfriend
underneath our table was covered in
sprinkles and chicken nuggets
dinners miss and it's also you know
thanks to symphony okay you guys let's
get ready to read I mean get over with
my Bible hanging up symphonies backpack
she's obstacle for the next week and a
half you guys didn't get that much
homework sent home so that is awesome
news you got a regular Mountain homework
where are you going with that big
routine half the size of you
oh no I don't what um can you please put
it back honor my area
he definitely area girl okay bring
matters now we ready all right dad so it
has a game Oreo his plea medicine and
sad to see that she loved right I
covered up in before picking it's a
little tablet liked it and it's supposed
to taste like a creeper dogs according
to the book and she ate everything
except those little pieces gave one of
the pieces so I got some hot dogs down
there and I carved out the inside of it
and I hid because to the tablet smart
I think I call it maybe it has a little
strong feeling something you can't look
at LSU singing if you look at her stop
talking or do anything suspicious
Joanie stop looking at honey let's all
gathered and she just passed up the hot
dogs because I've worked that much why
don't we show you my food in there she's
my weakened immune come to Vegas and
Missy go ahead okay great Sam you can
get a skinny piece of board that is to
your hand when you're standing at
Wrigley bike and shove it between your
feet and the bar under it and take off
the training wheels you can hold on and
off and she will burn that's what my
daddy anyway y'all maybe that's a great
idea put like a broom handle in between
there just help for City almost a dozen
Marv don't forget we love you remember
we're in this together
