good morning guys y'all want to see what
I've been up to this morning we show you
look at this sweet little baby pile - a
little calls and headbands as you know
our good friends Keith and Amanda
they're having their third little girl
next month and so we're letting them
borrow some stuff and me and the
littlest kids are headed to the grocery
store we guys thought you were going to
get away from Walmart today
I don't think so we're gonna go to
Walmart it's a Monday that's big fat no
my very kids bikes finally we all know
for the past couple weeks mango jam so
really we're getting one trataba and one
for me
no I'm getting a moment cycle and
Stephanie is getting a bike without
training wheels we're going to make it
this is a big day for both everybody got
stolen her bike I ran over the left and
I get to the neighbor to fix up the
donate I don't know if that made of
water no no no just the back tire barely
it bends a little bit
all right let's run he goes along there
it is look for X for New Orleans one sit
on let me see if it's too small
I got a cord on it what no I
Captain America do you little free buddy
what dude let's do this one this is more
your size man controls call me all right
oh here comes I've been sitting outside
sure has get that bag yeah me neither
look at this thing this is a used bike
like crazy falling apart did you fly
sent me it looks to be I'll exercise
make it perfect I'm kind it kind of fits
right it's wobbly so please me when you
get a bike down yeah yeah yeah you can't
have one yet but it's going to be very
cute when she can have there's a little
tricycle over there Abram I think that
one's good for you I think we should get
the dirt bike with the Ninja Turtle
helmet well my Sam his what a way a
heart is coming out he really wants to
Captain America one for Abram but Abram
really wants a dirt bag nothing much
okay
yeah there you go perfect that's the one
you like yeah I don't like that it says
misty let's put something else on the
front of it
whoa it's making weird noises though Oh
girls yeah okay so cute if she actually
ends up getting that one those are the
same kinds of my first big girl Maya
yeah yeah I just found a nice house a
nice can you get my bike what season are
in play is waiting for a summer harvest
so having a moon job
alright see you guys later you're gonna
ride home boy nice helmet bro good come
on you did some follow-up it this way or
this is truck
you read Hanoi afternoon it's like a
church right here you left your door
open with my drone stick out stop hey
bro
make sure my drone is still under there
what in the world place well for putting
in the truck buddy we're gonna write it
when we get home
Tiffany pearl close that door I know my
bike my bike get out of here I knew
right I still don't have my bike I'm
supposed to get one from our birthday in
October and it's never happened you know
how to use the brake you do have brakes
you pedal backwards for the brake pedal
backwards yeah like that there you go
that's how you stop it it's going to put
your helmet on don't worry one day
you're gonna join them don't worry look
at the pretty fun back there guys nice
little Slayer onto baby feet ah baby
everybody get out of the road and we
doing here oh yeah Turk was a Ford
you're learning your car's symbols very
well I'm drawing
this guy can just make it lap man he's
got it going on what are you saying
yeah over there
she is live on Instagram we're starting
to go live on Instagram guys both of
ours so if you want to check us out live
sometime go check out needs Instagram at
Nia Grill 9 and - simple photos
mommy's gone gaga to a Julieta job she's
turning to lift yourself up no joke I
had a dream that Juliet lifted herself
up right here on this Ottoman couple
weeks ago and look the last punch ever
stood up was with this
oh no cry
thank you baby try again you can we do
it you can do it you're a transfer horse
Oh wants me to help her whore - sweetie
oh you did it didn't you guys plan I was
under my covers and then I'm like it was
unite with her tonight
hey man I scare you guys I didn't think
this through when I got this Kate Spade
bag I can't even fit the vlogger in
there what in the world my date got here
that's me and Sandy tonight
suppose sitting having a girls night
with Katy at the hospital in Dallas but
she is headed to Paris for the evening
hey I left the line on in my car can't
figure it out
hey sandy hey been a while and it's just
been us girl like I suppose you're
almost there you will get a little hold
up hair doesn't look so here is going
guys why God and dinner are gonna swing
so you could have a nice day yeah I have
a black light out here let's see what
happens to these balls they're glowing
put the lights in the better spot can we
come get you the other ones yes except
the lights will be cool
well that's pretty cool a light fell
yeah me fragile being reserved this
entire place it's just us that's it
there's an entire place so we can just
have you know a go get some fried
pickles in okra and cat bed look at that
we got the whole upstairs to ourself
oh man I am stuff that was very good
thank you that sounds high to go we're
gonna go hang out in her car
they need help here can you tone oh
Paulin fails me this has been one of
those places that goes in and out of
business like every hall the mind but it
was good and the guy had sparkly shoes
on didn't see too organized right let's
get a mic on after Dennis Andy and I
just sat in the car and talked for a
good like three hours I'm exhausted too
and fell asleep on the couch out there
while he was waiting for me and I just
chose comment of the day it goes to
really Jenkins
I got a hurry the battery's dying it
said something he just has a special
glow in the morning and the rest of the
day and I thought this is an opportunity
to tell you guys like a real-life
version that you guys don't always see
in the vlogs
getting symphony dressed for school in
the mornings is sometimes like oh my
gosh like pulling teeth like okay honey
now put your leggings on okay now put
your socks on no put your other sock on
before you get up and do that okay wait
now you have to put your shoes on like
it's an ongoing thing sometimes and it's
just funny you guys don't always get to
see those little behind-the-scenes
things in the vlog she does wake up with
a very special sweet glow don't get me
wrong about that but sometimes on my end
keeping the glow alive without being
like kept tire shadow is like of course
the Dragons oh man yeah this is a trial
in the morning and one of those things
as a parent where you have to just like
oh keep the join your house keep the
peace in your house keep things smooth
keep it calm but you know 6:30 in the
morning and we're all have to sleep over
here so anyways we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
can maybe
Oh
you
we're in this together
