you under there
oh you're down there daddy
Thank You Eunice happy Valentine's Day
printer we don't for breakfast you
choose anything what would you pick
right now
hi okay so instead of a heart because
it's plastic we'll try some definite a
music note consisting is our musical I
mean no she she said to me she goes that
way that you ready if this works this
will fit these idea cool I'm just build
on the edges a little bit lower a little
lower you're you're right I think they
see it's not too bad
hope that didn't like a favor module
yeah make you just peel that edges okay
okay you should try printing a coil well
you're right nothing is coming
well it's hard to pick up and we know
what I'm saying
hi
so did you know you're now genius moment
under two years a year ago yeah it's
been only a year in so long ago Oh
interesting
wait and also you want to babysit so
right okay this is a mountain time and
get kind of cabo 'tyler you are a
handsome little dude come here are you
going to a Valentine's party
Wow
a Valentine's Day
high-tech things are called brother I
don't know how you do like I just love
and honey I just I don't know me and I
have failed Valentine's Days together
I gave her a dozen roses this morning
I've been giving her a rose for
development the other so this year was
the first year I got to keep all the
roses that I have to throw any of them
alone next remember come
oh boy miletto north the combine can you
buy them from us boys yeah I get my desk
you guys cannot even imagine how
delicious this is it is so good
Sam got his french toast
Oh baby has her hanky I got
good can I get that overnight it is a
present one for Symphony tell me we're
nice and open it
you guys can ready right now open it
ladies me another look like yes my whole
job a little girl lost her name what
this is gear thing look at yours the
incredible intergalactic journey home
buddy that's it he's like chairing the
banquet was with God be some man look II
wanted to say here open it simply it's
about you yeah and that one's about
Abram that's cool she is it's awesome
daddy's ready proud of you baby big one
what do we get are you guys ready for
your dinner craft of the evening we are
gonna decorate Valentine's Pizza is so
cold
can you make them I didn't write them ah
yeah I get it
squeeze on mission work oh just forever
the whole thing for like Tiffany even
sitting this bright out enough well I
guess she's gonna have crushed you could
actually get someone across with a crust
tastes a little bit bitter I don't need
a little bit hot Scott there you go
you're gonna get a dollar let's move on
here let me help you know yet then we'll
do some cheese and then you can add your
toppings you like your uncle and I think
and again Maya oh yeah okay I'm good
right are you a peanut no - oh you're so
cute anybody can you can bacon sizzling
black your bacon on yours
I'll make a pizza ever loved every
minute every time I'm in more pep-pep
the room everything is ready okay let's
play Verma symphony Porky's on Abels for
him
needs more cheese on one sauce oh here
bud what about that sausage your
breakfast uncle cream and white we can't
cut it yet
you like comment on your pizza how do
you know thank you buy some when you
yoga bring me down there you go sorry no
pizza for you hey do you guys like my
Valentine pizza there's a heart until
you can't tell - why is my heart look so
weird what can I do differently you can
help me ah nice of it is I not working
on let us know who's ISA is Nicola
coming in early yummy it's looking
whatever you want if it's a symphony
this is Avram but mine and fans have 5 4
3 2 1 mine kind of just art deformed I
don't even know what happened it was a
heart you guys thought daddies wow that
does look really good Liam did a good
job so what's your vote Symphony who
wins mine alright guys another
Valentine's Day in the book comment of
the day goes to Sammy Gannon you should
do no sugar for months and add a push up
every day Sammy you've officially
challenged our Sammy Sam you gonna do
this can you do it
he totally can do it he's done no sugar
for at least a month before and adding a
push up every day so he'd end up doing
2:31 by the time it's all over so I say
we make them go by fives five push-ups
add five every day so tomorrow be five
and ten and fifteen you got it anyways
we'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
hexagons 10th day
