we're matching like crazy whoa hey
handsome hi-yah hit it that way no no no
that's gonna hit me oh goodness
Symphony spoil the surprise in this
together
hey guys how are y'all today matching
like crazy we are at standard service
reading Heath and Amanda here for lunch
with baby Lila it's just the parents and
our babies together normally we have six
kids and today we only have two babies
what's it gonna be Jules pizza chicken
tenders spaghetti fish tacos are you
gonna have fish tacos yeah okay hey how
are you doing a drink can you tell her
thank you
so he's in our discussion what we're
going to do about you know he am moving
he wants me to drive a u-haul truck all
the way to Pennsylvania but I'm hoping
maybe we could get some snowboarding in
all the way there you usually have to be
on like a mountain so we're gonna have
to like drive the u-haul up a mountain
like this like it's really gonna happen
but these guys are leaving March 8th
from set they got a really cool house
though I'm excited to see it but he said
he needs some help working on a saw and
and Sam went to go pick up my car from
the shop so we're just playing what do
you do
watch out baby girl Bobby's gonna play
t-ball watch you come here yeah hit it
that way no no that's gonna hit me you
gotta hit it over here there you go whoa
Oh hurry don't grab it
are you holding that door for me
wow thank you gentlemen very polite and
good manners well buddy I gotta take a
symphony to ballet now are you gonna go
dance too
you want to go to ballet yeah no you
gotta go to karate little ballerina is
out of school and she is heading in to
her ballet studio I'll meet you in there
okay right
what a surprise we got to come in and be
in five minutes are you gonna dance or
are we gonna watch someone else has been
really into cows lately it's like really
really really into cows asking for food
as she calls them who kind of teachers
move sake cow no fools species of the
foods they move it
baby the symphony's putting a routine to
the original Disney Tarzan song you'll
be in my heart
how's it going Symphony do you feel
behind when you're in there practicing
or have you caught on pretty good do you
know enough of it that we could practice
at home if I were to turn the song on
okay we need to start doing that
I know getting really well you do okay
we're totally gonna do that but for now
we're going somewhere important and
special and a surprise tell me well I'll
give you a hint Bebo will be there okay
is it be Lowe's house I can't tell you
but you're getting warmer I will tell
you that oh goodness
symphony spoil the surprise where are we
Symphony that's right telling Rachel a
minute I know it was an accident that's
right you guys Bebo has moved closer to
us she actually lives in the same town
as us now before she lived about 45
minutes away now she lives about 10
minutes down the road from us if that
and I'm so excited we just left ballet
and we are dropping off dinner not just
dropping off we were bringing dinner and
coming to hang out with Bebo which is
something normally we could never do
because she is so far away and there's
no way we could do that at night after a
big long day at school but now that
she's so much closer we can let's
welcome home oh my goodness you need
help unpacking vivos new shindig how do
you like it so far you're tired of one
basket down few more to go
I'm on my way into work in bebo so I
don't eat and I just did it by myself
Josie look in the ears oh wow people has
your own box for you and now go to the
dumpster and put all these boxes away
that I unpacked for B that she's living
close by I lived this close to her since
like nine years ago most so it's totally
awesome now I have to go find this
dumpster by right there
cool Abrams gave me so excited so nice
having her close by the kids can just
come whenever they want okay I'm looking
hi totes so excited I was just listening
to a podcast a of talking about how we
use the word excited too much and in all
the wrong context these days everything
is I'm so excited like literally I just
found a dumpster and I said I was so
excited about it guys my fingers are
getting better or they need these I'm
just wearing them tonight just to make
sure that continues but not walking
anymore
and I didn't think I was going to happen
but I'm super excited about it so
excited that I'm gonna straight to
comment of the day and it goes to Audrey
downing I love the greatest showmen it's
so good I have great music - I love you
guys you know I also love the greatest
showmen but not for all the reasons that
most people are probably loving it I
love it for the music and I've been
listening to the soundtrack actually in
the car on the dropping the kids at
school today I thought it was so great
how Hugh Jackman did it succumb to the
seduction by that one woman because he's
a married man I just thought that was so
good you don't see that kind of thing in
Hollywood films you see it always
happened and the pain and the hurt and
the consequences of it whether they see
it or not I think that was empowering
for a lot of men to see another man be
able to say no to a woman because it's
it's a weakness for many men it was just
really cool to see that on the big
screen and a place that you usually
don't see it such an awesome movie don't
forget guys we love you remember to love
each other
but
