you are my brother you are my sister and
they by the same God not by the same
heart lift up to this we've got to give
Oh
but in this together laughter new buzick
welcome to the vlog today's a special
day we do not vlog Church anything what
we're going to do is a challenge we will
be challenging no another then chaos
blog I wrote Jeremy the other day I said
hey Jeremy you were to get challenged he
said bring it on so the challenge that I
challenged him with was get three
thousand bouncy balls on his trampoline
and see how many balls he can collect of
one color with his mouth and put them in
a bowl he didn't like the idea of using
his mouth
now we're not using our mouths too
dangerous so we're just going to our
hands yet the bowls but we need to do
little bowls a lot of things so I'll be
competing against Jeremy Neil will be
competing against I did because Kendra
is pregnant and she can't play this game
sorry Kendra you'll be competing against
at least a broom you'll be competing
against Caleb if you guys don't know J
house vlogs we leave a link in the
description be sure to go check them out
guys subscribe they're a beautiful
family you guys are going to love them
the first load is coming down the slide
you guys want to catch them with me
on your mark get set
sorry Jeremy they're making this too
easy I can't keep you in a bowl control
oh six eight ten 70 72 74 76 wow wow
that Jeremy I know you to be done you
got a minute buddy get in Japan ready
right now
come on have one shot that's the trick
buddy collect for 89 alright everyone
got three cuz he's three years old yeah
alright what color your coaches took me
all right here we go
I'll jump I'll be easy on you go
25 Oh God
all right you're gonna get Isaac I
become bigger so I have anything to do
with it good 49 - 247 share 47 alright
guys if you wanna check out the houses
challenge head on over to the
description box click on that link check
out their video to see for yourself
