yeah oh oh hey guys look I want to show
you what Nia did for me I was about
sighs they get so I was out here sitting
on couch working and she was like Sam
can you go please get your wallet for me
she's in the casebook corrected out that
the wonder why she needs my wallet while
she's cooking and I go and get my wallet
which is sitting right here and I see
this book in the corner of my eye do you
guys remember this book it had a
profound effect on me and she remembers
that and I've been talking about it ever
since
it taught me an original how to surprise
right there at a cabin same place where
I discovered it and she put in your
happy Valentine's Day to the most loving
wonderful fun daddy
in the world thank you for never giving
up and always trying hard to lead our
family as we continue to grow and change
I love you and once that the sweetest
sweetest thing
put tears in eyes
600 feet collect good morning guys how
are y'all doin today
look at this gorgeous rock I found for
Symphony she's going to love it I want
to labor well I'm going to find one for
Abram I just 480p j.cole if we are
meeting a real estate agent right now at
grateful head pizza parlor but a really
close we're like three minutes late
so you guys watching the walk back
yesterday I realized that we did not
really share with you much of our
feelings on symphony winning the science
fair oh this is perfect but you guys we
were just beside ourselves we were
talking about it non-stop on to my home
everybody was so proud of her my mom's
all this with my mom called in there
cool I mean we worked on it for probably
a total of like two or three hours over
the course of two weeks and it just
meant so much to me that our hard work
paid off here's what this property we're
looking at but there's people occupying
them at the moment this is a set of two
cabins on two acres that is cool we
could bring like family out here if they
want to see the other two bring out some
fan bases I was imagining something more
secluded and more acreage let's just
know this is the first one we're
checking out it looks more like a mobile
the fixer-upper for sure
knees in love with it already especially
if the neighbors are like right in the
front yard yeah I don't know yeah the
gnomes are definitely a plus it's also
cleaner-upper you can see let's do it
clean the flowerbed see it's kind of
cool it's like me and it kind of math he
had to move off time and then it is what
is so beautifully roses like when he
left I bring my blower oh really
the benefit is property guys is that its
unrestricted you can do whatever you
want to here as you can tell you
probably ever see this
oh that's his rate this yeah you'll go
all the way since after that gaming
truck so what's this right here that'll
be your to go hey that's cool I guess I
was amazing
you never look level so you got wild
turkeys right on that m9 and sometimes
you'll hear them I'm trying to keep them
alive I've gotta live I thought in just
a long time
if not it was built in the late nineteen
seventies and he has been through
modeling is selling it as is but you
will see because it is built in late
nineteen seventies the floor to not be
totally left you're going to feel that
when you're walking right so you can
have a light in here but this is large
you throw the room yeah it is large
acquainted a little bit angry at all
that's cool tub yes I love the picture
in here he's actually if you like
railroad you've got a railroad track he
would be crazy about it
kitchen is right there wow that's a mess
of kitchen yeah and you're gonna do a
weak spot over here right where you're
walking
oh yeah you're gonna do it right there
honey a tanning bed sorry love it leave
the when I asked him to keep the
ship sorry oh yeah that little gardening
area I like really liked it anyway so
slightly like perfect yeah I do see that
comes with the car nice loose on there
well there's a couple of outhouses or if
it comes this big boat look into this
room to park stuff in this big shed I
seriously love this place is it what do
you think I like it
I'm just the only thing that I was
curious about is if we can like change
the look of the house overall of course
like do anything we will get here I know
we can I'm saying are you will
yeah i want the look nice for that yeah
I want it to look like nice
like it was a basketball who there there
and back here which is a huge plus of
this place as pupil wind fly makers is
on two point four acres already and back
here is 2.5 acres and it's for sale and
both properties are overlooking the
National Forest we're kind of on a hill
and it's overlooking that forest over
there that's basically public you gu
just excited I just think that's not in
functioning but it's just sitting there
so trashy was so beautiful so we gonna
have to be careful Bigfoot yeah you saw
him through are you serious
I can never Cal okay is it no I didn't
really the cooler Sasquatch Meena oh
there's cookies I just like want to rush
and buy this but she's like the people
who come out here look at this proper
that's the opposite of how we feel about
it right on the hill eventually Walter
could build a cabin here cool got the
student it this is no like these or even
smaller one you know I was thinking
about like a camp fan basic we go like
several small views out here okay this
is walking distance from that piece of
property guys this huge bucket what is
this ever then all just broke the bone
guys
yes through this cabin so this is the
cabin owned by the couple that we just
went out to eat with you are fuzzy
yesterday Wow what no world but you
Thomas you wanted it to be like a modern
what is definitely industrial Wow if
they got a modern cabin in here look at
that beautiful little rebar but well
what do you guys think of this see this
is outside of our budget but it sure is
beautiful look at us out here oh holy
 list
Wow opens up to the kitchen honey this
could be long-term goals trusts like
really long-term I'll see you at the car
honey when you're done dreaming
she's in there dreaming for the Apple II
just have any idea where right right now
you wanna tell him honey putting an
offer a little dumb thought we thought
we're gonna make it our isn't a good
little goal before I got this a big one
we are putting in an offer as we are
actually doing it the really cool thing
about this concept before we came here
today we prayed about it
for the Lord to diss Gemma and open
doors and closed doors and right now so
far the store's been left open it's
totally wide open right now Sonny
offered me a future here we go
oh god this is a big song from this is a
song where we got our first practice in
lifting
we did lipstick to the song recorded it
made a little music video roses down
here this song is kind of like a
beginning school arrested a mister just
so exciting for us we're home guys and
we are fitting to get up and hurry up
and roll up out here
no no I mean Wallick Oh God with a baby
food packages we just went to a really
cool store called girls gone wine cheese
and crackers some lotion body butter
it's a raw coconut oil body butter
smells so good are you Thomas I'm done
Mia filling the hot tub over there hi
here say hi honey say hi you're on the
vlog I'm going to get the comment of the
day it goes to Janet ovens and by the
way this hat right here I bought it
because I left my other hat on the side
of the road last night and that brings
me to comment of the day doesn't matter
how Christian you are never stop for a
hitchhiker and Nancy Caruso under said
there was no hitchhiker it was Sam Nancy
he know me too well that was me on the
side of the road really was but I have
to disagree with you Janet I met her
Christian you are number stop or a
hitchhiker he stopped for several
hitchhikers and it ended up being one of
the coolest experiences you really get
to suddenly step into somebody else's
life I'm not suggesting anybody out
there pick up the hitchhikers don't
think that at all please but I feel okay
with it I put all my trust in Lord
anyway don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other
you
puttin this together
