good morning good morning
whoa cool and read you have to come say
alright Coleman
alright go it Oh can't wait to see what
it looks like
I mean anymore my mother
oh the take off all can we only take a
little bit more
actually just a little bit more $20 too
late I thought it was going to turn
purple maybe tomorrow I love camel
riding me yeah come on
it can credible oh I hope it turns
purple
I guess I allowed to give it for it's
probably Celia maybe yeah anything pop
yep connection bag that was something
like baby
and kind of waffles you got there guys
look at it go too long
go to the wall market back next to our
house house and you will find these on
an aisle there can stand waffle and
they're browsing
O'Laughlin aha sounds like you're eating
frozen waffle get a real paper girl with
no use not like him I'm ready guys ready
for what time I'm ready to share with
you the extraordinary hallmark signature
Valentine's Day card I chose for the
woman I admire most in my life likes
music
when I first set eyes on Mia as many of
you already know it was love at first
sight 100% positive it was love at first
sight the feelings I experienced that
day are ones that I read is it often It
was as if I didn't want to wait another
minute I saw her I just want to walk up
to and say hey I don't know your name
but I love you
when I first saw her I was in all but I
was also confused I thought I had
already knows what all the pretty girls
were in my school and here sitting right
across from me to capture your tables on
a play rehearsal or high school was Mia
the most beautiful and unique girl I had
ever seen and she was wearing our school
dance t-shirt I was in love and on the
way home that night I remember
distinctly leaning my head against the
foggy cold window looking at the Stars
and seeing nothing but her face it was
like I had never seen this guy before
I am certain God pre-ordained that
moment presents me this gift from a
future wife making sure that I do not
run into it until that point in order to
make it a memory that would never leave
my forgetful head is by far the most
special and vivid memory I had today and
this is the extraordinary Hallmark
signature Valentine's Day card I chose
to honor that extraordinary love story
that her and I share these are
one-of-a-kind just like me and just like
the love story that we share
we all have extraordinary love stories
in our lives and giving one hallmark
signature Valentine's Day card is no
ordinary way of recognizing those
stories check out the link in the
description box to find a seller near
you or just visit the card aisle over
Hallmark card or sold this love story is
sponsored by Hallmark signature
well this board is 3% now if you go back
this way
can't board with my right foot up very
well a room how long sucka
I was just telling near that this
electric wall boarding thing it's
probably the second best thing after
snowboarding it is officially my second
favorite thing to do and I'm Justin
Terrell and it still just so much fun
just to cruise around the city cruise on
the street going the mill the road and
just carve man it's kind of emancipating
not the right word the only thing is
it's just not fast enough for me it goes
18 miles per hour so I've ordered one
that goes 26 miles per hour and I'm
waiting to get it it's been over a week
and they have even shifted yet
morning guys how are y'all today it has
been entirely too long since I've been
out here and now with a bourbon Juliette
symphonies in school crazy it makes me
miss her really bad being out here with
the two little ones IRA must do it in
Spanish fine Amarillo Wow good man okay
find something Verde you find something
I do yes blue is a soul good job very
good job here comes my shot go push up
on it wait till the car passes
here you go whoo be careful in my
daddy's
what's the worst that could happen
oh very minimal news day oh I got you
guys Matthew and Andrea saved the day
oh my gosh it looks so good alright
Symphony give us a little update on the
science fair project and make amazed a
looks amazing were you right where's
your guess right you said I think it
will turn purple
no it wasn't right I wonder if we leave
it in there for longer than three days
if it will eventually turn purple I
don't know that's kind of like another
portion to the science project if we had
more days but we don't know I felt kind
of bummed Symphony told me that two
other girls in her class are doing the
flower experiment like why just people
are doing a lot I know a thing that bums
me about it I guess is because I didn't
use the website that all the other
students use asked her teacher if we
could use a science book that we have
here at home and so I thought we'd be
doing something a little bit original
you know and girly which I guess other
girls maybe it was on the website I
didn't look at the website well it
wasn't like the same one today one used
one color oh and they also use come
through here for flowers
i'ma dude well look how big your job
okay so one here in Greenwood Beach and
here is a beauty did you do it in the
gym or did you do it in your classroom
Jim I thought we were going to do it in
a classic level it's much here why not a
scary 1000 no cuz I'm going to be and
beginning like the big graders are
behind there there - oh Vanessa - I'll
be there tomorrow
Nikki just look at me and so comfortable
when you see mommy and Juliet fuzzy
wuzzy had no taco what I locked it
we're going to Fuzzy's guys have you
ever been a fight lose every room you're
not buckled goodie you guys thanking me
taco you want to stop talk or a crispy
taco
there's tacos here at the taco shop
Fuzzy's taco shop man huh
hello who said that Oh even start it
great you were there buddy sorry oh
that's a cool decoration for me a couple
of years ago
how you guys doing because mine we have
a beanie rice taco that you can whip up
for this amazing dude whenever you do
difference Anthony
oh my gosh he's that right everybody go
forth I'm just digging in you like that
bag bag of B need help with that buddy
you nervous about tomorrow oh just a
little bit home do so good something she
said man I wish I didn't stop in the
middle just now you just tried to think
if she can read the word white I wish
you read it gonna rain in front of the
whole school or just your classroom Oh
daddy guess what baby but I don't tell
ya I get better get some good sleep
the most to be hit the less nervous
you'll feel uh-huh I'm the better I'll
be a little reason words and I might
ring ooh so cute no matter what happened
you did a great job on your project and
we're so proud of you no matter what
comment of the day goes to beat our Sam
when am I going to get to see a new
intro I got discouraged while doing it
because I don't like what I did with the
text and I worked really hard on it and
I just just can't bring myself to start
over
and I also can't bring myself to make it
public we'll see you guys tomorrow
got a well and don't forget you love you
remember Columbia
in this together
