foolish Lou you ready get the warm day
in February here so baby's having some
Nikki time do you need ticklish oh hi
baby
that's not waving next to me can you say
hi hi good morning
ah are you trying to wave with your blog
know what you're doing I don't know
maybe I have a new chicken nugget out
breaded with cheese at carcass I'm
excited to take you to DC tonight feels
like we have to get those smell really
good for you
let's try to first go over here tag
Aikido Thanks no I Gaddy I don't like
this kid oh no daddy there anywhere ass
Oh Julia you look angry she shouldn't be
you nuts taking too long let me see it
baby you're done open open Oh AB don't
fight me where is it where is it where
is it
are you a tit it's gone I think she's
like reserves a little bit like she's
gonna have a very reserved personality
man like that question is not patrolling
yet baby
thank you sir come on come and get it oh
oh you know how much he loves that
blogger you asked about is home I want
to take down no cuz I hear about you
guys Julius
ah yeah help me I didn't get to see it
she loves that well no but it's like a
big you know how I am about meeting her
new foods I guess I don't know why but
it's so funny about it for a little I
wish I got this big it with the cute
guys right wait a truck okay yes I'll
get you a truck this one dance sanic
yours I thought it was Abraham's seed
doggy say doggy doggy on a try it's
right on there yep
oh you're going here play gecko yeah
well I think you laddie cupcake are you
going to buy them with your money
I don't have mine and how are we gonna
get a home dad aunt Nonnie he died how
much money do I have you actually free
what free money free money
I'm gonna call free but yeah mine too
money yeah yeah I'll give you a wedgie
everything watch out for your first
wedgie man it's covered
don't those look delicious just the
perfect amount of cheesiness with your
chicken it√≠s an interesting combo but
it's good I'm telling dad right here I
got exactly can apply nice little baby
had a little nap
this little baby head will speak this
little baby man hmm my gosh yeah I'll
get the food while you get the diaper
bag
I can control
my question is we probably know what we
want you where you need our mamillus
that's all so Malusi what a great left
hand
Tiffany would you learn okay okay thank
you it's surreal you said mommy I'm your
Christmas guy tonight oh that's such a
beautiful girl hi please that beautiful
girl then what to do about it putting on
young pretty mommy right here yeah I'm
bursar with you tonight
poor Connor fat good day
you and Mama get to come to school and
watch me do my size expand could you
guys me the boys do it that day and
that's today good
girls yay uh even to the flower
presentation mm-hmm what's the flower
looking like changing colors yeah let's
go check on him right now yellow but
that's how it came hmm
it should be tomorrow or or the day
after that or nothing can happen
yeah almost anything happen well we
can't it can't bring bags
remember car the been too much broken
right there
mommy's right um we can't make this
flower yesterday by yourself would you
look what about spoken right there
that's not going to get any nutrients
past that part for my science project is
so soon
it couldn't happen it will be relocated
you have to pay me back my grown-up
friend yep a little most important ones
yeah for me get behind your teeth okay
okay
sometimes we forget that far I did as a
kid
I forgot that spot and a cavity see all
those honor
you see you ha ha they're filling
because that's about the best I keep
underneath
look how cute this is perfect way to end
our day my goodness girl get me out when
I height okay
oh no if I go kaboom no raise my girls
okay
actually I'm going to dip it up in here
she went seven octaves oh wow this is
the land of toys you think around big
adventure looking at I see yeah see oh
she loves bright colors me and Kelly
you're right she does recognize we're
going to catch you tomorrow God willing
cares comment of the day Melissa M I've
been noticing Juliet cute button nose
become yellow flash orange lately maybe
it's just the camera but I was thinking
it might be from the sweet potato
staining her skin color
that's alert have you noticed it I have
to have you really yes I can't I can
clean water and soap it's gotta just be
I know you get that orange 20 carats I
didn't know yet but she had has been
eating a lot of carrots the week before
this we occur to the character kingdom
occur no no no I guess because it
touches her nose she gets messy then
skin I don't know if you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember
till I told them you Travis tinkly not
my operation
we can't make it
Oh
within this together
