good morning guys this is what a morning
without daddy looks like while mommy
cuts braces Tina will torture me exhale
baby hi Jenica we are all dressed and
ready to go to church five minutes to
spare which is the funding let's go meet
me to get the money card what do you
think this me and mommy do the job
here we are to help you rank 500
we have not
we don't Witter buddy we don't meet her
that's art we don't litter what else did
you learn at church besides littering
what was your lesson today how was it do
you know the lesson Eva
we didn't do a lesson please we only
talked about Valentine oh yeah that's
right card classrooms in the sack yeah
an animal headed to the hospital to see
Katy again so the kids are hanging out
Nana for a few hours and feels difficult
tiny is being discharged nothing today
but her spirits seem a little low so a
girl's visit is an order and churches
right by Nana's house oh really worked
out that I was able to do this super
thankful
okay we made it to the hospital being
corniness now Antonia and Julia she
Tagalog she's like sandy place you want
to go me he never going to get sex with
me maverick fun one getting a cute
little bunny little baby doll are you in
the hospital
baby monkey hey it's going elevator ass
Fifi baby hey hey I caught a nigga in
you feels like where's your friend hey
looking much better today
swellings all gone looks like it's all
on yeah that's right I need it who
smells a really quick visit they had a
lot of visitors when we first got that
Claremont put a camera there one faces
and then he got really sexy so hey is
doing good though she seems a much
better spirit don't you think yes it was
not the elevator we took here possibly
going to go home tomorrow I literally go
home she may be going back to her
parents house because they're from this
area and Katie lives three hours away
from this area it's a long story but
anyways how long do you say before one
of us gets to hold them she got to see
him first
so I have dibs I'm holding still yet so
call now who these ceilings he really
impressed me that's not the real sky
does it look like we're looking through
to the cloud it's not even real but it
sure looks real did you guys have fun
yeah tell mommy what we do baby what
I'll do
we played crab okay fine we can leave
you there new students
Oh work what wait what is that motion no
cupcake we're back home you guys our
favorite place to be hi my favorite
place to be explained
kinga who really the water park I guess
you owe me a skip her lunch she just
nursed a lot we're a super spicy tsunami
very prison yeah you must be we get a
lunch oh my goodness what is it buddy
my favorite flick your finger oh you're
getting so big guys I'm out all the
stops
who wants their jello to be dinner
yeah yo Co me go put it away now my
finger is stuck do that unfortunately we
have even more homework to finish up
tonight and I'm doing his homework over
here how it's about at a room school is
boring couldn't sign the plane with the
air print say yeah yeah a problem or
something no about how the treasures up
good jolly little engineer do you have a
mind of an engineer yeah that means
you're very smart decision it may a
tunnel oh it does
are you a ninja turtle yeah nobody's
having a hard time focusing on homework
oh you guys I can't tell you how
relaxing this is just sitting in the
kitchen at the table with all my babies
doing homework and crafts having snack
time in my jammies this is great Sam
sent me a text earlier he was like hey
what are your plans for the Super Bowl
today and all that
am not doing anything for the Super Bowl
I'm thankful that I don't have to watch
the game because the same was here we
most likely either be hosting something
or at something I have to don't really
care for those of you out there who are
football fans I think that's great and
awesome I grew up in a family who loved
football and Sundays and Monday Night
Football we were all about it in our
family I however I'm just not geared
that way football doesn't necessarily
interest me however I do know we're
rooting for the Falcons as far as I can
tell Sam's rooting for the Falcons I
went to the hospital saying hey Dad and
her husband were rooting for the Falcons
on like yeah Falcon parently the
Patriots win like all the time like
every year or something like that so how
about someone else on the ground I mean
you know you're bringing me your jammies
already it's not even 7:00 p.m. please
pick me please
are you ready for jammies yeah it's not
really jammy time yet buddy are you just
ready to get comfy I'm in my jammy so
you might as well be in yours huh hey
mom okay buddy
oh yeah I have a surprise for you hey do
you want me to tell you or do you want
to close your eyes and I'll show you I
don't let it cleanse me ah you want to
hit no today baby yeah what's on them he
made me a trip there you go hon together
pop your shoes together Wow right the
chest Lyndon to Hawaii us him she does
oh you know where these the school and
show Vince
I run fat buddy I'm sick reaping the
rewards of cleaning our closet yesterday
I found these shoes that I had got for a
broom a couple weeks ago I bought them
from a friend she bought on they didn't
her kids she sold them to me a
discounted price nobody
what do you think Wow
which is something that many rec yeah
but he killed you back home no they
don't anyway wow you got some error
buddy you're a high jumper what for
you're watching little Pete when he's in
the tree like so maybe he's getting me
is that the kind of how you turned out
this morning in the car oh never I can I
reach sister oh oh my goodness oh we get
her hair after being in those pigtails
all days messy a human hanker give a
doggy a haircut Wow he needs a fur cut
all over hey guys it's the end to
another day and we have school tomorrow
tomorrow Mondays I like my busiest day
ever and Sam is gone so I'm a little
nervous I'm going to have to go work at
Symphony school with a remain Juliet it
shouldn't be too bad as long as I can
get a room to kind of sit still for an
hour and a half oh goodness Juliet
doesn't do too well when she has to just
sit in the stroller for that long either
Oh it'll be okay them comment of the day
goes to William Perez do you make the
baby food with your own recipe or do you
search the internet I do my own recipe I
have a little recipe book from the baby
bullet and basically it just tells you
what portions to use the way the baby
bullet works though is it's just veggies
fruits and water once you memorize those
portions it's really easy so I've just
been buying fresh or frozen vegetables
and blending them up with water
sometimes I'll do chicken broth just to
give it a little more flavor but that's
not a recipe I've researched it just did
it just to try it out so we'll see you
guys tomorrow don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
