hold on keep going a little bit more
morning oh hi Cindy and I are getting
started on lunch for my dad's birthday
today
we're marinating steak and we're getting
started on a pasta salad those are
things that can be done way in advance
and then we'll start cooking more later
I'm going to bake some stuffed mushrooms
we're going to have pasta salad and
we're going to have steak a steak
yummy cake you are my brother you are my
sister made by the same guys a lot of
thing heart lifts up to this we've got
to give
Oh
and there's together-together hard and
banging a fork actually is kind of
I think kids are getting ready to do
something for pop on Earth Day and
Easter need these opened up please
okay we need these opened up please keep
turning 79 I feel all the result not
okay okay we're gonna decorate a cake
cuz I was like scandal okay this
hospital 1770s no not 70 yeah daddy come
love happy birthday dawn I like the
looks of that looks good this chocolate
cake from Walmart it's like a ganache
cake
it tastes nobody already I just love it
it helps a parent you know making a meal
and planning no way we had this in a
tracing bird I know am i hey so good and
he would know you can't sneak a think on
that cake yeah buddy Joey uncle Rick
yeah did you came okay yeah she did not
good huh huh I'm going to put one ring I
don't know don't put them anything one
for one these are my acronym we put
Shawn come on buddy my pleasure
I'll show you guys one good get one it
looks so good kandi how balls gonna love
it
I've been dating ran some feelings
conclude the space-time exam
he left about 15 minutes ago hey babe
you think you're going to need this
lunch is cooking I've got some steak
going over here
they've been marinating all morning and
they smell delicious I looked at this
really yummy marinade on YouTube a while
back it doesn't feel very healthy but
it's basically just fake seasoning and
butters you just like let it soak for a
few hours or overnight in 50 hours so
also I got some potatoes cooking in
there though some stuffed mushrooms and
pasta salad is in the fridge cooling off
my dad get a birthday me anyways I'm
excited I hope my dad likes it my dad
loves food he's a great cook and he
really generally likes anything but he
does notice when things aren't cooked
very well
about hopefully my little meal will be
good enough I know it well he would
never tell me it wasn't but I'm just
hoping that when he tells me it's
delicious
he means it company so happy to bring it
to him cute since you're back I just
want to show you money I think you're
going to be impressed with my deal in
here
curling potatoes women's grilling some
states so that's questions although the
same building mushroom you silly
for the kids
good good
Wow Symphony is going to take advantage
of a grandparents being here in practice
for science project flyer you look hot
Mini's yay symphony do you guys want to
see what I was up to during nap time
look at your own risk
I started a little project called
declutter our room slash closet while
net flexing and julia has rolled
underneath the bottom half of the closet
hi need one OK ROCK what that's a cute
pair shoes huh or purse I carry on my
hip well need a rule that was a good
roll baby you kidding no
so yeah I'm nowhere near done nap times
over and I didn't get the tasks all the
way done but I'm going to be able to
finish it up tonight so I'm going to
have to walk away it's hard for you to
walk away from projects when they're
totally totally unfinished if I'm like
okay I'm pretty much almost done I can
do that later but I mean look at my bed
and my floor and like oh my gosh what
did I get myself into homework time now
for Symphony snack time for Juliet
this is time for mama and baby bullet
time I am steaming some squash with so
into turn off so that is bubble bath
time she was headed for water she really
said it guys we think she said another
word today we think she's either saying
Baba or Bubba we're not sure we're
thinking maybe Bubba no my goodness you
guys smell so good I feel like I let you
dead only a few more words on laughter
yeah I know magazine Ola orange come
again okay so to make up for not getting
to keep any chocolate cake wait I told
my parents not doing the new chocolate
change from birthday lunch earlier so
how the kids will make some jello this
evening to make up for it LLL make one
now hello oh my gosh oh just comes down
low here it's a boob okay the cold water
has been added they're stirring their
final stars and then we're going to put
it in the fridge until later or tomorrow
I'm the Biz along it al you want to feel
it or if your finger and somehow it
feels like my mom pillow
like this oh you're so cute
Fievel time is over and Symphony song
you can actually see the floor right
here before this is all covered in
cheese like out to here
Sam's cubby area was just like piled up
clothes wear everywhere now have these
nice and neat roll cubbies
Danny's and t-shirts shorts jeans and
workout clothes have a cubby back there
the shoes will wear most frequently are
on this top shelf and then other ones
are kind of stacked under here so I feel
like I made some progress not letting
the shoes go past this wall was my goal
and I did it I may have tucked one shoe
under there I have this one shoe that's
sentimental I can't even find the mate
to it but it is a van from high school I
probably showed you guys this before but
everybody almost everyone from my senior
high school class signed my shoes and
it's kind of pointless without the other
one because of all the signatures that
were on that one too but it's kind of a
memory also there's Courtney you guys
see her a lot melee that was my high
school bestie we were inseparable
I hear Julia she's not waking up she
went to bed on time tonight everything
seems good Shayla baby food she loved
her squash but anyways guys I'm going to
tell you guys good night ok the comment
of the day goes to Zuri or Ronson she
said I'm sorry but what happened with
maverick and then someone underneath I
responded with he was born a month early
so he has to stay in a NICU until a
loins develop well actually that's not
correct he's actually born 11 weeks
early that's almost three months early I
got an update today that he's not doing
as good as he was the last couple of
days
so just remember to keep them in your
prayers the Morris family they really
need it it's just hurting me to not be
in your Katie and be there for her in
person and supportive of try to text her
as much as I possibly can but she's busy
and sleepy and you know dealing with
hospital stuff and new baby stuff anyway
so we'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
