you were to get conscience and now we're
gonna go play
you told me he's gay I'm loving my new
area you guys together we repair to the
B to the s I sleep you ready go to
crashes she named them back there how do
you know what a fan yeah hey don't kid
you're teaching he really is awesome
with April ever you better be good in
there man she's going to be our teacher
today
okay guys church is over and now we're
gonna go play just getting the purple
one off the land and then undoing agreed
on the purple
hey wait going where you put that baby
going what's up doc hey buddy hey guys
church was really good today and all
right we're having a little bit of mommy
time at my desk my new desk area it's so
nice and lovely over here and I'm
addressing Valentine's Day cards that I
made for my girlfriend
I used this little purple cardstock and
I cut up this giant piece of cardstock
into these little strips and then I just
fold them in half and write a special
little note on the outside like just
something basic with my lettering and on
inside write a little note says I love
you happy Valentine's Day
Mama's done for some reason I didn't
write Lauren's
address down at Christmastime so she is
the last one I'm weighing on I had to
message all of my very closest friends
my girlfriends from high school and my
two sister-in-laws that living here in
Texas had to message everyone or their
addresses because I don't have them
written down I have so many random
addresses written down I'm talking like
ants that I rarely ever see cousins that
live in other states but I don't have my
very closest of closest girlfriends
addresses written down how crazy is that
and every time I send them but I texted
us so I'm also updating my address book
and that was the final touch I'm ready
to slide these in the mailbox tomorrow
morning as I take symphony to school I'm
loving my new area you guys it's so nice
over here I've got my lettering basket
so when I'm done with my pins and stuff
I just take my pouch and I'm not dying
I just feel kind of sick he told me he's
getting old he's going on in your diet
they already know Wow it's true I'm
we're trying to go on an
anti-inflammatory diet thanks babe I'm
making the Brussels sprouts you picked
out at Costco and the sausage you think
I asked
just push my work out guys let's go get
comment of the day okay
comment of the day comes from Pam Haas
oh you should really be tested for CT
syndrome they ended up with six hand
surgeries that may have been avoid or at
least put off until an older age CT
syndrome what's that I have no idea carp
pool no it is carpal tunnel huh do you
think it's that I told him he probably
needed surgery on his hands and he said
no he didn't want to do that I'll
probably eventually do but I want to do
what I can to prevent that surgery yeah
wouldn't if you get surgery give you
longer more years with your hands they
just go in there and it's gonna require
a huge recovery process which I don't
want to go through okay
I'm sick oh brother alright guys we love
you I remember to love each other crazy
well hey handsome huh yeah hit it that
way no no no that's gonna hit me oh
goodness
Symphony spoil the surprise you sound
like you're the one that worked out no
