good more than two the baby to the eggs
exactly almost the same basic Basilicata
so today I'm going to be leaving to the
Super Bowl with heat someone to do my
exploring with Abrams today and I think
I know where we're going
thank you can gain access to it yeah
look at your egg another example though
what are you holding right now that was
not on purpose
then look close remember to do your
child check that to somebody over there
I see a crack yeah
this guy he's running quick dink I gotta
thank you yeah you're gonna go inside
one Wow okay there's somebody cleaning
the buses right now so hopefully he
won't stop with his walk around and if
he does I'll just say my son dreams
being on a school bus who can say no to
that base and all those crumbs all over
me go
oh yeah you can look around oh this is a
short bus that goes cool sleep I don't
have that seat belts on buses now okay
cool
and you stick your head up you get a
picture stay there
we got picnic from outside of us my hot
wheel oh yeah go find you a Hot Wheel
didn't he found it for you on the school
bus ever got a little souvenir right if
you're now yes sir Joe gave it to you
that could not have gone better
Joe was so nice let's get on in the
bustling on a fish and if you guys that
know those abrams very first time on a
school bus and he absolutely those
school buses my god I love you too bro
I love your lady I love you little man
what mmm
we're going to be doing two vlogs guys
so you don't have to see my face if you
don't want to if you want to see just
the kids and yeah you can just tune into
her vlog and then you feel like it you
want to see me and he so you can tune
into my vlogs you go to the Super Bowl
run away back from that we look at
anything
oh cool house that you can go down
rehash conclude this is like a little
bit old looks like okay that's so cool
were y'all headed Super Bowl oh you
aren't a lot of Patriots fan um he is no
I'm not fan of you one yeah really well
you got tickets to the Super Bowl that's
wrong here yet check out this window
it's so cool in the Cowboys they make
you a Super Bowl but we got to see that
awesome Cowboys now so yeah just well
worth it just good not really so he's
here we're going to go see the Sam
Houston statue I don't know who Sam
Houston is but you want to live what are
y'all ready very good jackets just on
our guests with no way here we go Mitch
got 18 Houston's life hey I'm not sure
who he is
hey I don't know sure penny she was the
person for president Republican say well
I became the only person that we know
was it was governor of two states Texas
including things
Mart he where the
where's this Samaria oh this Lincoln
what's that going here
oh there's guns in the sky is that
handle this Oh boom playing little guys
so big when is it going to color this is
light and he's
guys get this we're about to exit 51 to
go to Super Bowl if you want say exit 51
almost missed it
welcome to Houston guys isn't it
beautiful here look at it let's take a
good look at it
you guys see that sign right there
that's where we're headed something
wrong
thanks for bra oh yeah super bra 51 it's
a good time to ask how many your gaming
fans do you have out there
did I say new you're here we have
arrived at our hotel as you can see
there's a lot of Super Bowl going in
here hey guys yeah go Falcon hey you
want a bid on the helmet as a song
auction let's do what they're going for
eight hundred bucks so far oh look at
that
pre-show Suri's they have free breakfast
down here and by the way free breakfast
down here in the morning are trying to
get out of the shop like you returned to
film community I'm not working you don't
do breakfast in I know some people know
he brought a rolling breakfast please I
get a lot of redness I eat a big
birthday wait a minute
wait I asked for one bed sorry dude
I asked for one bed I really did I don't
know how we're cuddling but we can
always just put all our stuff on this
bed it's good on the other one yeah
we're going to go drive to the stadium
now if there's anything going on he's
wants to go see a movie
I'm like dude we're Houston to see the
Superbowl and you want to go see a movie
so me on above no but it's okay you just
want to relax I understand that but you
guys know me I like to get out and get
crazy especially on big days like this
there it is guys
energy Stadium straight ahead leave that
place it's huge huge nothing is going on
at the NRDC so think we're going to get
here we can pick it up
that mean to have our armadillo oh
that's a big armadillo leave yourself
Wow
armadillo is the state animal by the way
isn't it
we are
shudders armadillo that's like a bowl
and I'm go whoo
this massive restaurant
he was going on here why do you have to
move your jacket on with that like part
of my body
Matt
okay I'm kind of evens everything out oh
yeah that's a perfect okay the doors
right here on this side yeah eaters
really strong we even look like any know
it look like get them chicken strips and
some gosh oh and we're just kind of
sharing it all back for really good food
here I thought it'd be better that God
will see you tomorrow for super bra
51 I'm hashtagging super bra because
keep an eye College southern bra right
no he's watching sparing that live but I
will see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
No
Lester
we're in this together
