Oh where's its eyes at they might have
to make them good morning everyone we're
doing our own crafts snakes tell us
Bubbe I was eating her ha thank you
viewers for all the goodies from
Australia and whoever got me a neighbor
of those since May neighbor really
enjoys it yes they made Valentine's
cards so they are though
thank you guys hey bruh what are you
building here with your magnets ah what
is this listen you make in New York City
I got this for Abram to have a little
bit of hands touched hands on time
activity time while symphonies at school
but we pulled it out today today is my
dad's birthday we can't get hold of home
I think he's partying or something for
his birthday we're gonna have to go to
the store after a while and get some
things for his birthday tomorrow get him
like a kpop all lights cookie hi be the
mom we didn't know we could FaceTime
with you we didn't even know me play
with it where's papa
we wanna sing him happy birthday happy
birthday this video was sponsored by
best fiends faintly guys I've been
trying real hard at developing a new
skill a very important skill that I
think all of us should be good at and
that is strategizing being strategic in
the everyday stuff of life so I thought
I'd share with you guys on how I'm
making this happen best fiends it has
been invaluable and teaching me strategy
so if these goals in mind you want to
select your fiends
so you want to select powerful fiends
because you got to kill five slugs
and you want to identify where that box
is that you have to open it's right
there in the middle a horizontal bomb is
going to be beneficial in reaching that
box right there be sure to play the
Valentine's Day heart challenge where
you can win amazing and rare rewards and
celebration of Valentine's Day and also
on Valentine's Day be sure to come back
and play because they're giving out a
free gift to everybody on that day also
you can connect the game to Facebook to
compete against your friends through the
new leaderboards I'm on number 155 so
try and beat me and tell me whatever
you're on boom the box is available now
took off the swine now gonna hit it
again here's a area bomb shot it boom
there it is my box is gone this is a
free game guys and if you download the
game now using the link below you'll get
five dollars worth of diamonds and gold
really fun game guys again link is in
the description go download it now and
hone your strategy skills sup guys I'm
gonna head outside with me and see what
I've been working on oh it's such a
brisk day out here it's in between
feeling amazing and really cold
I have no jacket on I'm sure later I'm
gonna need it though we are going to
make a Symphony's world video what do
you think it's gonna be it's pretty
obvious I know but yeah I'm really
excited about it she has no idea so it's
kind of a surprise for her too and what
I'm putting in the pinata is a little
bit of candy and a little bit of toys
like blind bags and those little boxes
with a secret troll or shopkin in it and
we're just kind of doing this as a child
to see how it goes and see if maybe it's
something we'll keep doing on her
channel but what we'll end up doing with
the toys is either donating them or
giving them away to her friends at
school though hey guys welcome to
symphony so today I'm gonna be doing
something new I don't know what's inside
bow we're about to find out
we're ready for a playdate well yeah
okay get the girls out hey what you got
in your hand
I'm hanging out with my beautiful
Frenchman in a tunnel oh hey guys new
change of pace now we're getting some
coffee Hey Girl hey we're headed to see
Katie again hey Courtney hey we didn't
vlog last time because Katie had just
had the baby I may not even belong with
her today depending on how she feels
she's usually pretty open to the cameras
that way
wow that's a pretty scene oh look that's
where they're doing the construction
Katie's room is literally right
underneath all that constructions
happening
I brought my chalk pen with me we need
to fill in the time of Mavericks birth
we didn't know it I didn't know it when
I first made her birth announcement so
I'm gonna fix it tonight Courtney's here
saying him to run in we had a long drive
and she had a lot to drink too much
it's hot
push it I already did
CHD doors lock you've got to just I did
it
we're here Katie looks fabulous after
having birds I never had a road like
that in the hospital how about you know
feel like your wardrobe alone is
speaking volumes how are you feeling
usually just had dinner and it looks
better than it tasted apparently yeah it
really does look good doesn't it it
we're starting Katie up for some pumpin
over here do you have this one we made
it
we need the this thing it's like a why
would anyone mind running to the
bathroom we're gonna start up so we can
go into the NICU and see little maverick
but we can't video in there so you guys
are just gonna have to wait until later
I see a little bit better
putting your hosts robust so she's gonna
teach us I know you know why they didn't
like me how hard is this no scrub so we
can go into the NICU and see little
maverick but we can't video in there
so you guys are just gonna have to wait
until later
putting those how to scrub up so she's
gonna teach us I know you know it's fine
thinking like me how hard is this not a
scrubber yeah okay little sponge so I'm
offering you have to go back first I
still liked our happy gypped because I
don't know how to scrub up as fast as
she scrub up scrub down hey
diddle-diddle tiny pictures made in bomb
big how did you figure that out so
quickly I'm done one Donnie movies are
made one of these oh these are pictures
of babies that make up the cow and hey
diddle diddle see this is what it is
from far away but then you get closer
flowers mosaic I feel like I'm in a
museum this is just the nick you wonder
what they have that NICU babies walk by
and it stimulates their brains maybe you
don't walk by they get rolled by I mean
you can put him down like relax them and
I am here to see mad
all right we just saw maverick we all
got to see him a separate time bomb so
beautiful that's all right he's like I'm
50/50 perfect baby he's tiny memes yeah
we can't get back into the place where
my car keys or ever since we go through
these double doors anyways you guys to
keep Katie and maverick in your prayers
and dusty - he's kind of holding
everything together right now
and he tonight was even like I'm tired
sorry if I'm not so pleasant no he's
doing good but anyway yes okay don't
forget guys be lucky - oh my word yes
pray for Matt what say
it's together
