morning I let you access you here comes
who exits as an eight month old baby
girl you're getting so big now
thank you're welcome dude one of those
up
here's your cool little bat dude sure
there you go buddy how's it go budding
like that
you sure I think that's a little high
this hand goes on the bottom there you
go good morning everyone
what a beautiful glorious day it is to
watch some people so kids and you guys I
had a discovery last night I was up six
times of Juliet wasn't as bad as it
sounds it all happened within the course
of about an hour and a half but this
morning someone has a teeth breaking
through right on the top and the right
hand side she has a tooth breaking
through her gums like you could see the
blood and the skin hanging from her gums
pretty sad off so yeah good job
there you go that's how you do it man
she's okay
you have more balls here's another one I
hear right right right
nice buddy you're bringing back to us
thank you
oh thanks for you
you know to be a lucky let see their
valuable till 4:30 Katie go rescue right
no not down lady Shay go hey go come on
buddy
oh look at that hand that is one sweet
finger I may be is down for her nap
first half of the day I am here to pick
up a few things
Katie and her husband at the hospital
this evening
Oh single that was on her lips tell me
he didn't like candy so I'm just going
to grab those for her in case she ends
up delivering early and use the midnight
bag after she delivered early I don't
know
these one of Katie's all-time favorite
actor perfect I'm just so tempted to buy
baby veins refrain Nia I came for snacks
next chopstick socks lotion stuff like
that stick to the plan
there it is all ready to go my awesome
cashier helped me pack it all together
and make it look pretty you get so good
on your gum
well banana hey no no no
hey BJ bananas in trenches okay if you
get all messy we'll just clean up when
you're done don't even worry about
getting messy okay
sometimes if the deli is oozing out of
the bread please but I'm encouraging him
okay to get a seat this is the time you
can get messy eating your lunch
he gets messy in dirt and sand and water
and everything else I'm not Billy hi sir
please daddy are you happy to see me
so Chris I'm happy for you what did you
do you got a good job okay
sure the spelling tough yeah yeah I got
wrong you had your hour backwards and
you're a backwards but you spilt all the
words correctly
well today I'm so proud of you we
get to go to market absolutely yeah
Kruger today mom is about to leave let's
just do it tomorrow she's going to go
see Katy baby sorry but we say about it
let me ask mine hey Jose time to take
city at Walmart she even got the bonus
word right cat I'm so proud so proud of
you sweetie I can smell it right now c18
your feet must be hot with me and annoy
the hot day I'm walking anything on the
Valentine's Day candy and wondering why
me why did I go on a no sugar diet no is
good the kids love trolls right now it
is the go-to movie and our house now so
it's a really good movie to me and I
vote and do it we got to see this movie
still haven't seen it yet maybe we'll
see if we can rent it tonight because
we're having a pizza night let's get
everyone one of these will get to match
what he's wearing right now
okay okay
yeah you're like this oh well let's get
this from he'll love this she's gonna
young get that one he's melody lady
think I'm gonna choose I think you're
going to choose that I'm gonna hear
please no are you going to click that
video game and I don't mean a big Andy
it could be ratings girlfriend yeah you
know quickly took me I was going to
order of dominoes tonight featured items
dominoes bugs druggie thugs bad manager
is another sign on the ground right here
Domino's sells dope back door in the
cocking no don't go gank a movie you
logical yeah I go in my friend candle
care little blues it dominoes here and
then I go Louise man for man so really
if you guys see the sign I'll cut a
Walmart anything you guys are totally
drove outside of the back door I mean
I don't know you're kind of the
Downloads at least twice and lock at
home people really say we're yeah can
have a spicy news - I don't think you
can handle that pizza lady I can't with
the hand in this right as you keep the
hours are you love it right you guys are
pretty nice
okay big guy I'm taking money A's okay
economics playing at hey you have to
make a cocktail
then you're lucky you gonna buy Barbie
hey welcome back
well Julia
he learns that mean bar judicial what
you got in your hands oh yeah all right
here we go
push play oh come on you can do it wow I
would that big girl one two three she's
going up like a little elevator oh my
goodness he's so strong in seconds 12
girl being too rowdy baby whoa
he wouldn't be into me you were against
whoa oh you're down hey guys I'm home
now and I'm going to do comment of the
day Sam assess weighty claim at the
house it was really nice comment of the
day comes from Julie Robinson how far
along is your friend Katie's pregnancy I
had 23 week twins almost 25 years ago
only one survived and he's doing great
if she's in a hospital where they have a
good preemie nursery her baby will be
fine
that is so said that one of your twins
didn't make it I'm so sorry Sam had his
sister had a twin that didn't make it
she is 29 weeks pregnant so she still
had 11 weeks to go and she delivered him
today two pounds and 6 ounces y'all he's
tiny
but he's doing very good he's thriving
he didn't have to have a ventilator to
help him breathe I mean it looks like
he's going to do really well those of
you who saw my post on social media and
prayed thank you she's doing really well
baby's doing really well and hopefully
we'll see more of them tomorrow and the
next day next day we'll see you guys
later don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
Oh
we're in this together
