good morning how are you guys today the
big kids are at school today after all
the sickness I have forgotten what it
feels like to have a napping baby and
two big kids at school it's really
really quite enough so I'm doing my
makeup and getting dressed for the day
and I thought their makeup I went in the
mirror to kind of chunk it and I thought
it was funny the contrast between one
eye with makeup on and one eye without
makeup on so I remember this one time in
high school at the lunch table this boy
he was like three years older than me
told me that my eyelashes look like
spider legs and it hurt my feelings I
was like EW spiders but now it's
definitely a compliment I realize now
and I'm thankful for my spider legs
because look how bland this is seriously
it's crazy so I made just baby food
yesterday it's just steamed carrots with
water blended in the baby bullet while I
was gone last night on my friend Sam
texts me and said Julia would absolutely
not eat the baby food and I'm using the
same containers that he tried to feed
her out of and she is just eating it
right up there cooking it's so funny
it's not Sam's fault my mom and my
mother-in-law have both told me the same
thing that they have a hard time getting
her eat baby food that I make for her
but she sure does eat it up for mama she
loves it
do you keep happy for it nothing mmmmmm
I don't know why daddy said you wouldn't
eat it I don't know why I said you don't
like it but you would like over mama
yum-yum what's the baby happened I hate
everybody bit us all there was nothing
not a single thing not only thing I do
such as public school or tacos yeah I
think so too they were having taco night
last night as you guys saw maybe she
smelled your salsa and she thought she
was going to get what smelled into that
we're immuno alum No
American National Bank receipt movement
never gonna love those anymore video
I'll take away companies Persico haha
thank you super fund about oh no oh no
oh one picture for each little tooth and
today while you're watching this guy's
you ate my selves what are you doing her
yeah please
oh thank you thank you don't want to see
daddy
wow she's a daddy over her own
reflection this is a lot oh ah no way if
you are one of those people who have a
lot of trouble smiling and being happy
surround yourself with somebody that you
can embody it's something that's very
real some that scientist has proven to
be very helpful and training people's
moods and controlling their moods
so if you're like us we have children
what our children mostly do they smile
and so if you can embody them
you can find yourself smiling a lot more
I'm making sense here anyway I'm going
to pick up a room so I can embody my
family here for her am i back okay oh
come on Baron okay
how school great honey
okay nothing I say huh he did it
oh no it was a nice blanket symphony
things Juliet looks like Bridget from
the movie troll thank you did you have a
good day of school meeting was the best
part
and we got to watch the movie the movie
why did y'all watch the movie we're not
learning about calling oh you are
learning about Pauling in Mayan okay did
you watch the whole movie or just like a
part of mystified me oh okay you guys
hug her Abram is starting people
tomorrow we got a little people playing
on under what Oh
Thursday also means we regard doesn't it
that's what I saw my told me one two
three how busy I'm loud I like oh baby
ever you know your daddy used to play
t-ball rapping yeah I sure did I was a
star of the team you know you know what
my main job was to keep the fish nice
and warm for the other side
what'd you guys get
I built are you guys still shopping
are you done happy go up there and tell
them like your team this guy's going
beyond Abramski every is your team a man
gives we're on the same team no
seriously can you room you know to you
gonna tell them backwards oh maybe not
exactly yes I do and is been his O'Leary
so they have a soap we needed for
practice that was referring jersey and
hat and the pants they had work she was
going to be big so when you go to dip
turkey some shoes here and then Tiffany
will get you some like pom-poms so you
could be his little cheerleader okay
Joan you out
Oh
let me see Bobby yeah figured out like
what color do you want pick a color
we have yellow there's Rosenblatt this
is cool
daddy found your one beer oh that's your
size baby
we need hit the ball with them
you need a bowl he needs a little tea
here are the pants this is an extra
extra small Sam the smallest size they
have is a 2 X s that's what he tried on
at the store to under ever side ok great
their colors are bright white one or two
I don't think we'll need more than one
pair of pants back no for purposeful
summary gymnastics outfit stolen
just one room
see what we got so far we've got them a
five position key set things we've
gotten some balls and then this glow
with the ball in it couple pants of the
game a helmet that ain't I do you
believe it mrs. Abrams just for all of
us sure oh yeah Abram weenie and I got
some red it's black fire live no no
that's gonna be adorable
can't wait oh here's any cheese I don't
know
forgot about shoes you're getting cranky
yes I want you given up on it right away
like daddy we're okay to here that might
be the dog here's mine does my daddy's
please little cheap ones huh okay there
Nike oh cool okay would I like recess
you need met 15 they're doing Easton
branch I don't get that baby can you
help yourself
felis ready boom oh yeah I can always
have him stand up sit down the game we
have this little debate every day what
you need here you know how that feels
wait oh my baby boys make me guy they
want it completely fit me load it I
think we may go over here and you can
run down the line
whoa cool man
we're working so good your team okay can
you also baseball no give no interest in
baseball you know they have a team that
you can customize a ball together yeah
yeah they do things
yeah what kind of paper man Thank You VP
blah so go get your paw Paw's it'll have
him here yeah it Walmart so from home
totally lucky see now I don't want to go
to thank you hair cream hey yeah now we
just did bath time for the girls doing
what to say daddy hi hi oh good I'm so
excited
okay she's going again she's going to
get closer and closer telling me I can
use tomorrow Tuesday month
yeah can I take eight Mike years old
eight months years old mini practice
nigga do I keep doing it oh oh wow you
got a hard head but here we high here
twins she got a gift or short ago he
London Brooke all right day
oh look a book you want to read him
would just be a book she said put a stop
on the bookshelf okay she has a strength
in her arms yet no I guess it shows oh
you need a friend yeah
yeah Wow a tough day she doesn't care
shortcut brush underneath are you doing
time yesterday
Oh Jess come is all she's just gonna get
it pretty fun okay he's not trying is go
P an hour ago
she discussed this this is just the one
hope okay okay she need some knee pads
she has some guy actually actually if
you guys stay tuned till tomorrow's vlog
for her eight months a little birthday
gift a really neat pad he's gone camping
you go down there let me take you guys
out
well what are we going to we are going
to stab you are√∂ bedtime samurai was
just reading sam read himself to sleep
so I'm gonna do comment of the day it
comes from Sarah Mills and she says you
guys need a cat I totally agree with
that I love cats but I'm allergic like
extremely allergic so we can't it's a
good suggestion though few eighths we'll
see you guys tomorrow
Oh update on my friend Katie really
quickly she is doing okay she's resting
she's in the hospital here in Dallas and
she's going to be having blood work done
around the clock like she's having some
done in the middle of the night and then
tomorrow morning so I'm going to go see
her tomorrow check on her so far the
baby is still inside her doing good he
um they gave her steroids to help his
organs and everything develop faster
because he is wanting to come out or you
know something like that those are the
terms that was given but I don't I don't
really know and she's not contracting
you more of it anyways I'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other hi
we can't make it
within this together
