go outside buddy holy wait my god work
or eat a breakfast I could take her to
the vet and get her second shot for one
woman
the woke up took symptom in school and I
had coffee with my neighbor cliff it's
something I've been wanting to do for a
long time and I finally mustered the
courage to ask him to have a cup of
coffee Ricky I don't know why it took so
much courage but it did and now that we
had it we're going to continue to do but
as a blessing getting know who this guy
is amazing guy before guys learned how
to use the tricycle he doesn't get on
the seat look he's straddling that bar
if he doesn't matter do something he
will make it happen
I'm so proud of this little man I'm
gonna get you a new one man that one is
worn away are you doing
yt yeah just really hard those wheels
still man is writing tastes like Bobby
from mom or the Bobby's world
wanting to eat your breakfast
there was a medication look there you go
actually we're just here to see how much
she weighs - she's gained any weight the
film's kill Rio so I'm not really pan
right there 31 point 32 I think that's
what she weighed last time I made an
appointment for her I was wrong about
the treatment the shop I guess was very
soon Tiffany an hour practicing our
words this morning on the way to school
yeah all that for you Yeah right
goodbye everyone already ate breakfast
he had two eggs and then you had a bowl
cereal
and I was eating this I brought for you
ought to go get groomed and bathed
throwing I don't know if you'd really
grooving
hey guys how's it going today I've had a
busy day working at City Hall
taking care crappy things and we're
going to get ready for gymnastics girl
yeah and I'm going to test go we got to
pick up something from school and we'll
all go okay okay oh do you know do you
read it out oh gosh you some cow he says
what sam says we got to get you dressed
- you son - so no jammies move on yeah a
bit of a trail go what I really good
night great outfit
get out of here yeah daddy
haha literally running out the door late
for gymnastics
we had never come to tag-team it today
he's going to meet me there and pick up
my kids because I'm supposed to go to
birthday dinner for my friend ah getting
off going on around now you get granola
bar I get string key sorry but you can
have string cheese later okay
brought the stroller this time Julia is
heavy to carry around in there on the
white line right my buddy are you ready
for your stretches yeah so me Oh
beautiful like slender drop mommy your
pickup truck
he said eat not a truck it looks like
I'm not really done it looks like
fashion and you forgotten that hold
hands guys
100 in my classes Canada is going to
learn how to do this click anytime I
don't know can you practice do you know
how we love it like it it's right over
there so you got to keep stressing
you'll get there I made it
we're really having to taxi today to
make our plans for the evening workout
you guys have to sacrifice if you took a
nap today instead of doing his plan
right
you
all right now second water I'm dropping
it all alone to the place where I've
been long back to let us start from the
old days that I called lemon
but drinking with my old best friend
but this one
yeah
when he is not
only be felt
I guess it
thank God
dog barking what's on the sea but Robbie
damn you know just Paperny venom I get
it cause you do good on you good on your
half after the teacher was telling us
that each week they focus on something
like outside of gymnastics and today
they focus on like heart rate Gary what
did you tell your teacher about Terry
how do we share no at first he was like
I don't know if she just left it at that
and wasn't going to press him for more
and then us you think is that it like
containers once su we do rosy-cheeked
I'll buckle up you guys ready go home
with Daddy yes you do good job you get a
Ring Pop sensing at Cheetos honey so
what are going to do if youse want to
come along with you or go home with me
maybe a little bit of both
it's probably though we're pro tonight
interested in 101 hi girls and look at
my guy seems maybe I'm asking here of
hairdos and say - and they have matching
hairdos and glosses I think we just got
to the waiter
my cousin it seems like last-minute
birth they get for the win my job you
see 60kb we're never an electric company
see grab this goody bag on the way oh my
gosh whoa absolutely what really Goodman
hack who's just like right oh that one's
really cool do yeah so get on the side
with me hey I actually need some hey
this is a pretty legit goodie bag let me
just say oh cool well it really is we
put magnets on the baby yeah come on
here we've got with it it perfume you
want to smell like electricity a book
light why fight my fight so let me show
you someone here before oh my god it is
really cool to have a gizmo like oh
that's so cute happy birthday to you
dear Courtney this is our butter cake
gosh that was the Z with you on this one
I'm going to take Katie 29 weeks bumps a
picture little or not so little
you know pull it down around your face
this is crazy or anything in the vlogs I
want you to do my comment up again
anybody want to take it out Jose De
Palma's of the day hahahahaha literally
guys we only had water to drink the send
in jizz rag can I be calm enough today
hey guys don't forget who knows we have
you and remember to love each other oh
right
but in this together
