hi guys
we really are on the mend everyone's
feeling really good today
however Fox Canary reason on the mend
that's what you say when your answer is
Mary I'm Amanda just to say for keeping
her and today we want to go to a Chinese
New Year special it was really beautiful
haha just means looks like me and the
girls are going to stay home we're going
to all go but it is not a good idea to
get more ready to go to school on Monday
and even church tomorrow is gorgeous oh
my god I am doing a hotter laundry over
here getting all of our bedding clean
and first and up and astringent I'll
feel all better
everybody's approve my window know who
broke it then hey cool shot look at me
buddy
beautiful shot right there man you are
so handsome
there we go
maybe that kid hey guys Abram and I are
finally starting our day we're headed to
Dallas go hang out with my brother
Matthew Andrew my mom just came back
into town so we're gonna go hang out
here as well yeah we're here to try to
do your best the world oh it's just us
girls now Juliet's napping and we're
getting started on our science fair
project I am yes so if you guys haven't
heard doing tell them what experiment
you're doing a color-changing flower yes
well we have to see is it collecting
right we don't know if it can do that's
the experiment but I thought maybe we
could put some of the information on
these colorful cards yeah and then glue
them on and that idea 18 tactics and
he's so sweet yeah if you have to get
over you can make the left eye
and I'm going to cut it up here
obviously looking to waiting outline I'm
just letting you know what's up Andrew
hey but what's up ever
okay so bender you're the notes are
unemployed I'm getting married in four
months four months exactly yes I'm sorry
for my aweful but my birthday's before
that though okay
and his birthday is on May 26 you guys
want to send a mini birthday presents
our peal box is open now and then what
two letters maker you lose the job
okay so the next thing usually you make
a hypothesis which is what you think is
going to happen okay so you would write
like my guess is I think the flowers can
it can beautiful okay so let's write
that down
welcome to the Chinese New Year's party
the year of the rooster whoa
so did you say happy rooster to certain
people like how do you say happy 2017
would you say this tourney keep a happy
return I think we know what we're
expecting
we're just showed up here crafting arrow
so what's going on see a band keep some
people eating a lot of people eating
your lanterns over there mammals are
cool you like those
the thing is Sam all these games are
over try to first go run again that's
part of it but the lines are so long we
want to win this blind guy here go away
if you want to snack on anything
get away he's won this from here to
there is this for kettle corn and little
analytical form on Jane's phone
holding is that for beginners my hopes
up
Tonya's paper folding oh it's like
origami right
you like those this chilling rocks buddy
are we going to do those rocks this crew
office I'm going to get a rock you like
that rock what the breezes pistons are
freezing still back in there it'll be
bad for mommy
alright let's go to make him cry Mattie
really sensitive right now I might play
well
everybody okay this is as far as we got
pretty far if I do say so myself the
data and analysis will go right in the
middle and we are going to actually take
the real project to school I think I
hired three did you an afternoon evening
Matt hey symphony you seem so much
better today are you excited to go to
church and school tomorrow on the next
day you are okay with you feel doing it
I bet serious I do I owe
somebody tell me Juliette's doing so no
one she's been wrong did you come here
do you know how he doing yeah pinkeye
where's mommy and she come to get a
pickup for me
ah where's mommy
where did you get out pretty far we're
going to get ice cream make our own ice
cream sandwiches yeah
am I getting ice
and there you are no but it was really
nothing going on on the right side of
our car down
sure camping make your own eye tracking
can you go to Quogue this before clock I
can you been down the block Clark why
are people where they got fruity pebbles
we got a better track of some sort
without hitting which one you are
EP curve I will drop it and you got
snickerdoodle okay let's try to Alaska
maybe I'm on a no sugar diet yeah you
are Oh
oh my god Cobert not the one I want to
look for do so we're going back and
checking out the dancing dragons so just
put it out wait so you're not on the
Connor I am an athlete
cheated on your claim that was more than
a bite that was a fourth of the sandwich
well I get this sweet sisters after bath
time symphonie you're taking an amazing
big sister do you realize that it's
almost Juliet's first Valentine's Day no
and that's when you wished for the first
time for a big sister at build-a-bear
was that Valentine's Day yeah oh you
wish oh yeah you wished for a baby
sister I said it wrong that's a good
sign right there right where's that
favor just please play on the ground
Wow
happy mr. New Year everybody fire drill
thank you I'll be thinking about it
that's good meet you out really question
area I'm Anna the fan bases your bra
oh hi everyone's been sleeping yes long
as you know my mom loves her luggage at
the airport actually it didn't make the
airplane we that late to the flight I
don't know something company I wish you
did and Stephanie I have to drive an
hour of my way you have a thought that's
a cool sword come on buddy keep that
Ambu line and the fire truck that's what
when you're exploring actually buddy
we're going to go to fire station we go
anywhere you want right now where do you
want to go I guess yeah we're looking
for some luggage that my mom left here
Sharon Raydor
I have no idea what her bag looks like
it could be this one sign up you
enjoying this
there it is I found it it's right there
huh you came in early right Chicanos and
real Maggie no man I am a twin though
that's was funny you got a twin no we're
not fun but I am a toy
not with one ago but you have another
one what was the brother that's low
exactly
that's the one thing was here it wasn't
yeah it was to be funny
thank you have a great night yeah she
really is she's really enjoying it even
do you look like a girl in that hat
we're just or he left it over there
it's off pretty little head looking
wrong
Wow all right awesome good
we're reuniting guys system comment of
the day seems kind of funny one dan the
man Sam upload a video I'm playing man
and stop quick baiting alright god it
was a click base when I said it's her
lungs doctor thought what I was saying
was it's her lungs i thought thought
they're clear
that's all thought means I'm not done
speaking there's something else to be
said yeah it was quite a stretch of
imagination that title that's where most
of the click rates come from portraiture
is imagination it's just all in good fun
guys I'll see you guys tomorrow for
church yeah we're going to get out of
house music we're going out aren't you
thank you don't forget guys we love you
and remember to love each other
you can't make it
Oh
we're in this together
