and in the strength of his might put on
the whole armor of God that you may be
able to stand against the team of the
does you guys get that
I'm very randomly filming a little bully
meeting at the elementary level this is
Mike is energy shooter CJ Cooper boys I
guess on a weekly basis and this
together morning everyone
hey boom the thickness hit you nobody
like it mommy
Oh what is that face not you yes I hope
you stay far far away from the trick mr.
Wonka symphony has officially been out
of school for an entire week now
oh she's been chewing on my journal
she's learned to connect the lines and
she spent fools I get looks better
morning guys I'm also feeling so much
better feel slightly guilty that I'm
failing and on the mend on day two and
symphonies on day six over but I guess
that's how our body learn to find
evening standing in there the doctor
mysterious and I heard it although it's
hard for me okay good job we're going to
mark that spot with paint you can shoot
from there now yes go back and master
yeah all right now let's challenge you
and take a step back see if we can shoot
from right there now
good I have a particulars on here TFE oh
man out of protective glass on here
mommy shattered when you can start
making it from there we're going to add
another piece yeah throw a little bit
harder Oh
close man hey you did it yay
nice shot man Gary put another piece all
right that's how you do it buddy you got
to challenge yourself
owning a bagel I get me a bit bigger
later
can you shoot from that line let's see
the other half they're real hard oh man
hi-yah yeah that's how hard you got to
do a good job second line Oh No yeah Oh
curse you from that one no no you gotta
throw it out the hoop buddy
don't turn your body towards it right
there now shoot there you go Oh
nap time can do some serious good around
here I was able to freshen up wash my
hair from first time in few days it was
really bad and we got a girl she got her
hair did today stay out my hair
something to punch oh yeah great horror
Symphony is just she can't get over this
cost she's been out of school for a week
and we've been getting little updates
and stuff here and there for work that
she needs to be doing which is very
normal
one thing that was a start on science
fair project which came was very little
to no instructions and
graduating I throw eyes on clear precise
instructions anyways it's basically just
a first grade version of a science fair
project and we can choose from pretty
much anything that's on a first grade
level and Tiffany and I made our final
choice today it's called a colorful
creation we are going to go through
steps and figure out how / if you can
actually change the color of a white
flower you might first need to do the
dishes this is what happens when you're
sick
mommies don't get sick days although the
other day I was pretty close to take
care of a lot of things from you on
stage oregano basil rosemary thyme I
don't have all of that I'm just going to
do it I have eucalyptus so usual if this
peppermint and lavender put the helper
cause how to do the day jafer Juliet
lime push it what is the action
technology angled a jock
can we leg makes the sound Joey you're
that like hey mama
oh no that wasn't quite Dinah
hey MA
take it I say mama oh yeah I love him
Jenner's playing Juliet half your corner
back here daddy dad again
oh okay a little bit and you gotta melt
at hand of it I'm hearing Rosamond this
is what happens when I'm sick
what about track it's crazy I was trashy
go through some I said I was warm right
oh no ma don't pushing him on set stop
knockin on me I'm not a door cuz I got a
really good knock concept to tell you
okay you ready
it's really good let's go make your
laugh really hard
all right go ahead you start go good
happening here it is mine I'm gonna show
you it do it hey come on
I can't we can just hear not nasty is my
joke how about you the story can I be
young you're not happy
loser young we be if it had something
chili bean jelly bean a kiosk you this
girl is to partner I'm good supposed to
do the joke and be stumped when it came
around - who's there fetching yours will
happen and you have plan what happened
he could eat me hey mama mama hey mama
tres order for something he's here she's
now I had been there hey girl no where
were you better ha ha
so dad doesn't swing
more like Lala died I forgot my bathroom
I got my my family so funny we got a
first approach I get all the stuff to
step out of hiding in between your teeth
he keeps press them up and remember no
go back to the press you got a perfect
evening the forgiving print Jacob had 12
sons but of all his sons he had a
favorite what was his favorite tonight
we've had to coat of many colors since -
yes don't this big house hey you guys I
thought that tonight instead of the
comment of the day I would just share a
little part of our day with you that you
didn't see on the camera so you guys
know we've all been sick for quite some
time Symphony has been sick for a week
now
I've been sick off and on for three days
Sam started billing sick today like
really really sick Abram was feeling
sick today and even Juliet was really
really cranky so we're kind of just all
in the trenches of being sick started
out so sweet and so good everyone was
really cooperative and I felt like the
day I was like Cass I'm gonna give me a
good day even though we're sick it's
going to be a good one and so shortly
understand about home and told me that
he was also feeling really sick
Abram started having a meltdown and I
was really looking forward to resting
like snapping during Juliette's morning
naps but Sam was sick also so we
couldn't both nap at the same time but I
at least wanted to lay down in quiet if
I couldn't NAB so I let symphony and
Abram have a movie they always want to
watch movies and since we limit it when
they do get movies it's like I'm going
to be time movie time so but this time
though Abram was throwing a fit he did
not want to watch a movie and I really
begin to feel impatient and in that
moment I was saying to myself in my head
don't lose your patience don't lose your
patience and as I'm telling myself is
like giving myself an inward TED talk
outcomes in patients in patient I just
felt so horrible about it I was
determined that I was going to turn the
day around I prayed about it as for
forgiveness I even told Abram I'm sorry
for snapping at him and asked him to
forgive me he gave me a kiss and told me
you love me it was really sweet I just
feel like me giving in to that sin this
morning just flip-flopped our day
totally turned it upside down I just
hate it that I totally could have
changed our day we totally could have
had a better tone of our day if mommy
would have been obedient pretty much
that's what it comes down to I want to
share a burst over this topic before I
say goodnight lamentations 3 22 and 23
the steadfast love of the Lord never
ceases his mercies never come to an end
they are new every morning great is your
faithfulness that is what I am praying
on and thinking on tonight tomorrow is a
new day and the Lord's mercies are new
every morning I get a new chance
tomorrow to be a patient
obedient mommy we'll see you guys
tomorrow hopefully all in good health
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
we can't make it
nasty
but in this together
