which one you want this or this
I took it forwards throwing with my dad
as he left when I was about 10 years old
symphonie is getting ready in her heart
sweatshirt and we are headed to reach
Rockwall to set up some stuff for a
brunch that we won't be attending
because Abram was so sick all weekend
he's not gonna go be around all the
foods and all the kids we do have some
fun plans for today and we're excited to
share with you guys
alrighty we're all ready to go cut up
some fruits
made it all symphony do you remember the
name of our cafe oh no we're having
brunch at our cafe but what's the name
of the cafe at our church love with
truths and actions cafe you forgot that
is the name of our cafe and look at the
scripture from my devotional this
morning it says dear children let us not
love with words or speech but with
actions in truth how perfect is that I
thought that was like the coolest little
thing like how could that have been for
my devotional on the day of our cafe
that's crazy
no the second hands up there those are
Juliet Julius Widow Minnie hands
alrighty we are headed home now we
didn't stay for the surfing portion
because well daddy's not here and Abrams
not here which means Symphony would not
have had anyone to serve except for me
and I just felt badly being salmon Jolla
with a suitcase so we're headed home now
after helping set everything up with the
girls and they're all there people were
starting to slowly come in to eat brunch
symphony thank you so much for helping
set up this morning I'm home guys and
Juliet just pointed to the fruit and
said she wanted one so I asked her which
one she wanted let's see if she'll do it
which one you want this or this
do you remember when sitting way through
my craft area and he organized
everything well I've had kind of a
little fire under my butt for a little
bit of time but I haven't actually
gotten to it until I went to Target last
night I found the perfect things to help
me finish the job
so I consolidated everything into just
these bins are here
I got a chairs that I can work on my
lettering and this bin right here has
holiday stuff and symphonies getting
ready to paint for me we have not yet
used my desk to paint or draw or do
anything really it's just here to hold
stuff but today we're going to yeah I
can measure it probably the size written
on it though 32 inches by 2 inches
that's 12 12 inches that's why the house
is up I've been looking at millimeters
all time instead of inches I took it for
what there is what you bus ticket to
Monster Jam Symphony simply so nice wait
was this one on the front and back of
this one this is sleeve 313 and besides
hey you guys though today the boys me a
broom and uncle Jude you we are going to
go see Monster Jam and Arlington got a
long drive ahead of us but I'm so
excited I've always want to see monster
trucks live always as a kid it's been a
dream of mine ever since I was born and
I'm so excited to be able to be myself
doing it at an age that you'll probably
won't even remember is that crazy
no running too fast or getting too
worked up because you just got done
being sick okay you got to keep your
help I love you so much I'm so happy to
see you better
two cops one car
ah buddy
well we're here ages apartments but I
have no idea where to go I do know I
don't want to wear this hat now I'm only
wearing my new over the hills hat check
out the cow just sitting there doing
nothing
yeah oh this is come on come on already
give me a junkie buddy I'm really cool
go ahead and racket please
do helping an author it's about to
happen
you ready bud the Tampines
that'll do
Oh
judges
make your boat where do you want the
tire to go all the way up or where
Volker dragons all the way press the
yellow button
come on dragon suit against a best
monster truck impression man that's it
you got to drive it fine okay buddy
that's a great impression all right bro
we'll see you later
that's mine I'll take some clothes no
hit my head water definitely some water
still hey guys we're home safely yes
probably notice I used two cameras well
is that the Monster Jam is because this
camera keeps dying on us like crazy so
don't revert to my phone here anyway
that's the comment of the day goes the
Kimberly M we're gonna end tonight on a
serious note
hey I'm relatively new here I don't Sam
have siblings and such but what's the
story with his dad his throne with my
dad is he left when I was about 10 years
old left my mom with all of us kids and
now he's still alive but he lives in
different state he's very disconnected
from us every once in a while he'll send
a group text to all of us which we all
find kind of odd that he doesn't try to
pursue relationships with us in fact I
was just on Facebook the other day and I
saw him he's just very active and
woodworking and stuff and so am i just I
find it so weird that he doesn't reach
out to his son and try to connect it's
such an easy way to connect with your
son I just hope I never well I know I
will never find myself in that position
with my son it just won't happen because
of how silly it is to me now how silly
it looks to me that my dad does that but
anyway doesn't matter that's the story
we'll catch you guys tomorrow
don't forget guys we love you and
remember
to love each other yesterday he told me
he's gay look at Sam's mom over here
nice and healthy over there Sam half her
age I revert to my phone
