no no no good morning guys
today is a really special day because
long it's kind of had a special all at
the same time but because it's Monday
and symphonies huh I probably would be
home anyways but her scratch my hands
whole classes for the day because
there's so many there was an entire
class out last Thursday let's just say
good morning
lingering is giving me because classes
are canceled symphony does have homework
with them all out at home we're get it
please and Russell has a worksheet that
she had left from last week how you
feeling about it
dad I can I have to do so briquette for
an hour but not all at once you can do
like jello see I saw last night I woke
up at 5 in the morning now spell snails
no white that your beach and the water
Juliet's down for her morning nap so
we're having a little bit of independent
play and craft time let's see what
symphonies up to over here like me doing
good please get a coloring book we can't
win it and then we get a regular what's
a trinket in the maker oh I'd love to
see the final product when you're done
here's what I'm working on I have two
orders in my Etsy shop for the little
name holders I make like that one on
Juliet's door this is just something I
have on hand I should show it to her I
don't feel like it really holds the
shabby chic look
all right Sophia she's done - lets do
the big reveal
Oh looks so good good job sweetie
I cannot happy to do see them
side-by-side Wow this Rapunzel is the
only princess that doesn't wear shoes
and that's kind of changed for a
princess
what about SEO oh yeah he's a mummy she
doesn't even happy this water snacks
baby food baby food spoon we're going on
a picnic Symphony's feeling a little bit
better or should I say a lot better
today I don't know if she's a hundred
percent but she's feeling so much better
and I think some sunshine is going to do
her a world of good morning guys we have
a special guest with us today
hey Mario come on out I can tell she was
excited to be with us or just like
terrified she's affected drooling
I've never seen her face so like lit up
but I brought them snack to her and of
course a leash and while we're here I'm
going to attempt to shoot a new intro
for our vlogs because a lot of you guys
are like come on now get a new intro
together Juliette's way older than
what's in there alrighty
so come on Oreo this way we had chips
away for lunch and chicken jerk employee
he's got the kids meals mommy and daddy
got a salad because we're trying to
watch your figures this one here I guess
that yet strawberries in it and mine is
the southwest ball qiviut got what looks
good eating I or we go had a baby coming
down pursuance watch you can swing your
hand
no it's big enough though a little now
Mario I put a leash on Oreo and she's
just terrified out it yeah I'll pick it
off she hates it so much I know look
she's just terrified if you need some
help up there when you stop for real are
you really jump you're not too high just
grab that bar with both hands and then
swing down can you do that you really
need help all right good job sweetie
okay doing good
I'll climb down the ladder I'm gonna
type my surfboard
can you guys see Sam trying to rip surf
down a hill
oh wow look at that big baby oh my
goodness
we got to put the swing up in our yard
yeah video idea with the kids on the
screen to go pro I'm gonna redo it with
all three kids and I think it's fun
she's big enough to go on a finger we
ever you comfortable buddy
are you comfortable you look smashed
right there when she loved it look at
this baby your little feet here for
everybody
good Oreo my kids are napping now sandy
and I are checking out a venue for our
friend Katie's baby shower it's super
clean and smells amazing
oh that was the man's bathroom we have a
kitchen area we have the option of tiny
room a 3 or a medium sized plaza large
or and being in there before think I'll
do in the Army which is prettier in here
it's so pretty unlike ours do we get
access to this yeah look we can put this
mommy under the hood up cabana open her
dead
so we would decorate inside of here and
people come and it's like the selfie
spot it's like a photo booth type area
okay and we can have a banner that says
take a selfie or oh we should have a job
to learn a pain that is totally a cool
little selfie photo booth spot do you
like it we have it all set in stone we
are how about by beshal we're not about
it mister by Bissau are amazing and
different becoming a mom especially for
the first time because nobody knows what
to expect and we are just doubling and
excited for our friend Katie back come
back home now I'm getting something
ready we're meeting up tonight at church
Monday even though school was canceled
is still the busiest day of the week
finish mama I have this globe not
telling you guys what it's for yet and
it's for something cool I'm Samina
that's great not gonna come out come out
mister globe
yeah like that I know what's crazy Anna
Symphony wants to come see the globe I
love you I love you and I love you
sticky and I love you and a few all
later
lovely haha would you do it thank you
what the hey what's up so I definitely
got good enough footage for the new
intro really excited about that let's
get some mood lighting here how about it
guys what color do you want central
since you're sick
weird that like me that like pink once
that one pink there you go yeah that one
over there purple purple oh oh there we
go
not only have the TV record you want
that one blackout not like : no I that's
pretty cool
like a party in here this is the Philips
hue bowl set I've been wanting one for a
very long time
but I didn't get one on kind of how much
it cost is 200 bucks just for the
beginner kit and then to get additional
light bulbs it's 80 bucks a light bulb
that's all I said was I was shopping for
symphonies Gatorade for 188 I like on
save us full bucks why not so I brought
it to the cashiers or they run it up and
it turned out to be only 120 cheaper
then so now I just want to go buy a
couple more balls into our bedroom like
that couple nights times you know get
the mood gone put it baby going down
there there's a mini it's like she knows
guys when Neely's should get the bottle
from daddy
because she'll ask for it really fast
needs us better before she left
literally seems like I want that vile
that's what always justified by the way
all these a lot of groceries then well I
am great thank you
look how sweet we made us some dinner
here but raviolis Abraham's favorite
tell me where they're telling you that
or what you need fork the hot it's been
lowered broccoli yeah I do mister not
huh God now I feel bad I like broccoli
now and when I was a baby I tried to
walk with what I can and why didn't he
just say he liked it was the bend
I put you lay down for a little nap 15
minute nap is what Nina said she takes
in the evening then zero me so they eat
that carrot you might see better
tomorrow really imagine being able see
through walls that's impossible
not if you eat a lot of carrots you can
see for long absolutely I can't in for
like the wrong oh there's a dead mouse
right
Oh Silas you don't anyway okay my little
plan is added oil
you don't like ah means high point
mmm what's your local your loved one is
a part that you getting up like why
Arthur I did not like going even back
you're welcome
what are you eating here to be having
all the food looks like hummus
and scared as I am let me tell you guys
other things you might be eating that
get soup it will come back up your leg
your life totally crazy this is
hilarious
she'll not by anybody but a baby don't
worry guys he is home safe sound asleep
okay honey I thought you sound asleep
she thinks she caught what something has
Rachel - coming today because she asked
a question and I thought people are
asking 7e I didn't see a D&D video
yesterday was it thing okay just
wondering god bless you and we blog
every day and sunday is a maybe day so
if there's no vlog on Sunday it's
because we decided to take it off don't
forget guys we love you you remember to
love each other Oreo sleeps in our bed
now
we can make
in this together
