guys let's see you or your loves mush
let's put her in the middle I'll call
her and maybe she'll get you she will
pick you well you put in there
so you guys the last one to touch her
that's not it she's already going to I
know because I'm the last man I was
heading home you gotta always be her
baby she got her and mesh together
morning everyone weather is pretty nice
today not as great as yesterday with so
pretty total right hanging out outside
Symphony and her daddy are making a
symphonies world video what are y'all
making cake top cake pops and cake tone
type of thing she is feeling so much
better today why don't you tell them
about it buddy
oh really dude I woke up happy that's
great
I was really wearing really thick
how you didn't but I'm I'm sick you are
not sick please I am she's not sick he's
mad hey did you find your daddy whoa
what this does your coffee Nettie don't
just go on spelling it talking because
an acorn Stewart apron fell in the
hospice cocaine daddy that's you and
Andrea Andrea breakfast thank you hi
sweetie you're handed to prison hello my
goodness I love the way your hands look
when she beats on the fridge and now I'm
going to get started on a recipe that
I've been saving for a day that fans
siblings are going to come over for sure
two of them are coming over tonight
maybe three and I am going to make split
pea soup homemade all fresh ingredients
Sam told me in New York when we had
dinner at the Rockefeller Center that he
had a split pea soup growing up his mom
made it homemade and he doesn't talk
often about the homemade things his mom
cooked I know that they didn't have like
a ton of homemade stuff because they
were picky not because she didn't try
because all the kids were so picky but
that is one dish that he said he
remembers the first time I've ever heard
of it he never told me before in our
relationship that his mom made this
really awesome soup I've
never had it before in my life before I
try to swim full at the Rockefeller
Center like what a month ago almost and
so I'm going to try my hand at making it
just take him and his siblings down
memory lane I guess see if I can do a
good job
step one is to boil all of these peas
and then let them sit covered but
without heat for one hour I have to get
my hands on I've never cooked the ham
hocks before your parents said growing
up but I never have you guys ready to
have a dance party let's have a dance
party you guys ready kids appeal sick
but that it gonna stop me from having
that party no-name morning with the
spring kiss till then come on this is me
cross this dream is there you go 2003 in
California I don't know how to go 40
not-not-not yeah yeah yeah so uh welcome
to another tailgate book review guys how
you doing today today I'm gonna be
reviewing the book that I read for the
month of January
now get up come on buddy ah this year
I'm challenging myself to read a book
every single month I just look I thought
I give you guys a quick review of it
Bruce Springsteen's born to run awesome
writer such an awesome writer there's
some stuff that really hit home in here
Andrea's here with Matthew and uncle
Andrew yeah well be fun
Bruce Bruceton called it post tore
depression and here something says is
that there was no life here just an
endless irritating existential angst
embedded in my bones
it was demanding answers I did not have
and there was no respite if I was awake
it was happening so I try to sleep 12 14
hours weren't even enough and then he
says the Lord's Supper and he said and
it finally hit me and then he reads the
Lord's Supper is really interesting but
the book I'm reading now stop Artfest by
the end of the month it's called what is
the gospel
alright hey guys don't bring aboard not
know that really reflected like them
like years later
Oh what's both and yeah yeah it's really
tricky guys but ya know thank you you
look you go see if McAdoo so definitely
let you go for it going here I'll say
everyone come to me come to Daddy come
here are you did a head like a fifty got
a horse so cute he is on good guys
she got our second dose of medicine
today or yeah three different next
instantiate him really well hope it
doesn't hit a mailbox again I was really
hoping you hit that mailbox this is
hilarious
alright see if I was run out of gas now
it's huge honor he's holding me for air
in the tire
yeah and Rome will fit that mold box
right there Andrea brought over fixings
for a salad we just finished that
symphony just oh how cute
somebody just finished painting this
bunny plates and bowls are set up and
this is the final product of the soup is
that a good consistency for split pea
soup you guys have cooked it before
can we get playing with Andrea hey girl
you cleaning with Andrea hey come here
mommy come here so Jenny good to meet
you kind of game with pig out here
barley and Rebecca's shot your game is
right here alright we're gonna make that
shot
this guy's pretty good man look at this
kid what you have experience on it's a
little type thing or what does it count
you said it but it little blurred it up
Oh one hand is right there and be shot
at I did thank you playing a new game
now nerf gun you gotta hit the center or
the backward right Matt we zesting
coming up oh all right interesting do it
get you to know it why are you for the
backboard or
Oh God I'm gonna wind blew up sighs
sobbing Google hold on Oh got it
look you guys we tried no go on as only
redline
oh that's better
how close were you seeing not that close
yeah you're worse bro good II get it
what boom dead center yeah
jinx this out yes
push now already move it man go right
there Oh high five good job
one thing I went sideways
Oh God ah hit your head lock gonna hit
your hand right at the left last month
that you got to be mom used to make a
wiki soup a lot you remember that no not
at all I don't remember the first time
it's very like what I want to remember
yeah we like it
right that's the way we like you gone
nuts order pizza well can write long as
guys did make it easy tonight responded
that's right fella
all right others yeah oh she's talking
about never liked very much Annette and
then I remembers of look at them do oh
it's great even though it's going to
green I don't know I mean Oh what
everything all color really really
really good people up there yeah fit me
and I'm a cake pops everybody Oh
Veronica lip yeah they can't have it
yeah Oh what for us about thank you near
have a split pea soup in years better
conversation yeah we did it again for
the camera oh yeah do not become that
was a reenactment by the way remember
rescuers tender but make it very nasty
I'm receiving Oh be some people for
myself and ever really let me try it if
you want people I have some left over in
the fridge okay Tommy I think Dora there
leave it baby you're looking around okay
we going nothing like a little fun look
your mom made us hit by a snowball a
recipe depress your crystal from every
paper
their mom making any girl number one
number box bud oh my god what a pig its
network the truth I went on it I played
before food welcome to horse okay now
period did I like somebody in her right
I don't know we're all the group because
we know stage fright kids rock in the
ground I was built for any country water
so Tiffany and I made these today you
guys would like to see how we made them
go check out her channel in the
description opening world I saw so many
hands got a head it so good couple days
what simply just me no but you do not
relate it that was a good one I made I'm
not one that took the best one which I
could deal with the head yeah really
enjoy it Andrew oh no I like it dry when
a Severson gooey and I get another
doughy my god you like this better
hoochie Lauria Mary's below me better I
know she's opened up to people so much
yet crazy this in the past month I were
to get it I mean I came over today she's
right up to me survivor and I crazy
okay that's attention happy
I'm a logging Jenny nice another way
does it should procured lemo it does
create my older to vote it's got um
you're just smelling it and they go
peanut butter belly no you know I weep
it yes and one of the next one have you
put on just our eyes it's a brand as
well or yelled Revlon at broke yeah oh
it's cute oh oh oh reading of yeah no
said recently he says but there's so
many different kind of Reese's oh yeah I
know but peanut butter cookies also
reading four pieces or research candy
bars no Tyler no no we're not
this is not sliding uh yes sorry take
the car put it back in the deck whatever
comment of the day is by katie rose I
hope Oreo gets better I am praying thank
you guys many other people mention Oreos
praying we are for her to first you can
do the outro and I was forgetting where
don't forget don't forget we love you
and to love each other
nothing knows is not yours we don't we
love you guys nut don't forget no Senate
love each other ever know what I do it
retainer yet we love you and remember to
love each other perfect absolutely
perfect
Oh
master
in this together
