thirty pounds a what oh she's scared now
she's gonna feel good you are my brother
you are my sister they buy the same guy
the fight of thing went up two things
we've got to give in this together me
and I are feeling pretty mature this
morning how are you guys doing I don't
remember ever watching an inauguration
and knowing everything that's going on
is like the first year that I really
feel grown up and a part of what went on
in the country is getting emotional
megalopolis Kamri opening day about
hello I'm rather fond of groom let your
good be your Emily I really wanted
Symphony to be a part of this if she's
going to do a little worksheet while we
listen and so you'll fill it in as you
hear each word who are better angels
while we know there are many challenges
before us still hasn't eaten food I
really don't think anything is wrong
with Oreo but I'm going to go ahead and
take her to the vet today just to be
sure she doesn't have some kind of worms
or something her stomach because if they
are the day before you said she threw up
this huge nasty vomit look like poop
coming out of her mouth it was the worst
thing I've ever seen come out of a dog's
mouth maybe they can help me figure out
why she's not gaining any weight
Hey hey dumb buddy now go to the vet
with me you're gonna go to the vet
coming up eating but she ain't like are
you a clip or gonna put her seatbelt on
oh the boys are gone and that means girl
time me Symphony and Juliet last week we
got to do homework while the boys were
out and it was so much fun we're doing a
repeat of that this week Symphony has a
list of her spelling words here she's
been working on she missed her text
because she was sick so we're just kind
of doing Ruby scratch that symphony just
threw up right when we got started on
homework maybe I thought you were
feeling better today you don't have
fever so bumbo girl time got moved to
the living room
go furnish using a key that is not like
her are you doing it's been too friendly
well she don't feel good here I'm so
surprised Walter she doing so good as
you can see I am dressed for the gym and
Sandy and I are getting ready to go to a
dance class like a hip-hop Athletic
dance class that's what when you get all
away from my great fear but it's a good
way to work out it keeps car do you know
he's constantly moving so it's gonna be
good for me and Sandy and hopefully make
number routine I'm Matthew Matthew today
with my blue-eyed Davy Couture it's
matching my tank top even my pants kind
of match let me show y'all didn't get a
new color for her I like this one better
have at this one blue one
so yellow would be cool that's pretty on
you baby
see BES hey jjjk and the minima can I do
you much do you weigh 30 pounds
hey watching oh she's scared now she's
doing so good hey why an my now I know
my
six years old that's as I said based on
teeth customers Heather's brother
daddy vomiting berries I just a couple
times they're vomiting chef diarrhea
when I feed her just a wet food yeah you
had diarrhea one thing no twinkle
twinkle little hell I won here what you
my god Wow okay yeah job she drew
Orioles blood you missed it so much like
a diamond in the twinkle team tell them
how I wonder what you oh yes puffiness
of our arms
oh it's so sad y'all go get my shoes hot
one
this is a pretty we actually purchased
own one heartworm prevention well these
are the leftovers of homework we
literally did not get any further than
eight words out of this list the
prognosis is really good the doctors
that are hurt sounds perfect
so he does not have any doubts that
we'll be able to treat it and get rid of
all the worms so that's three off no and
I was wrong because I'm going on but
he's still going to explain why she's
not getting weight he doesn't think the
worms are related
interesting I brother in Britain wait I
mention her berms Wow
sorry Oreo according it just fixed up
though okay you Jeremy when he first
said it because our neighbors over there
they randomly Tosa their dog at
heartworms and he died within a week got
my snack for the road let's go shake it
shake it like a Polaroid picture and
work out at the same time it was not
good the largest here distract us from
the bad news
what's up Elijah what are you hoping
we're ready is that what is it white
holding that rippling off your own jump
on it no car that was an hour of
straight girl like non-stop news not
working out the kids anion Oreo or
watching Vonda and the aliens I'm going
to make this a little bit more immersive
for them check this out guys it's really
fun it ended nah but I think I'm gonna
throw out to like take a deep breath and
like get a drink of Sammys water onion
ring water tell me I want to thank any
but here goes whoa I have one behind the
TV I have one over there the one over
there I also got a solid 14 Turkestan
like I ordered pizza I'm not eating
people just worked out yes yes oh that
mean you could change the color to match
what you're kind of watching there's a
lot of blue in the show so we could kind
of do that color and you can do preset
just minding your favorite it looks
really good with this room it's like
pink and white in the morning you can
put I have concentrate on let's
concentrate just like white light night
light in those night light just turned
some orange Savannah sunset it's pretty
cool feels like you're in a tanning bed
in here Tiffany my groom go spend some
time together at though
go trade - I'm going swimming I'm
cancelling out of make yesterday takes
me up three dollars three dollars I'm
giving you character tonight I think I'm
using we're going to search out the
whole store again huh what you're
looking for anything specific
oh good you get an idea in your head
this is great all right feeling good
tell me you're doing are you what is it
you're looking for can you tell me you
don't want to tell me that old ugly fan
o the changing in color ladybug okay
come on okay great
we are on track getting out here real
quick so Jesus cool right next to this
WWF I wonder who win in a fight I love
when you come in here with a plan
because because last time I didn't
really know it was anything and now I
kind of remember what - oh yes you want
to get those candles I show to you right
these that what it was I'm pretty sure
that is what you want is there you go
all right we're all set let's do it Hey
what isn't that cool
you don't like those okay man game
you're so cute you don't have to you
know watch I'm just playing with you you
want it really we're just kidding over
all right
those would actually be fun put them in
your room are you sure I'm here right
okay
I was just playing with you I don't want
to hurry you I want to stay here and
spend time with you that was too fast
five Hey look at these little look
you're going for your Barbie okay didn't
I get one keeping a change in mind she
doesn't want the
she got the bunny hey you fell over who
is that hmm is it just Sophie oh ha she
loves her dopey oh come to hear Jesus
that day that candy for breakfast stayed
all morning all up to me and boy I set
up dinner
not only had about to be held without
found the secret to getting or you guys
chicken broth I put on her food today
she basically just like cleaned out the
ball he's going to bed guys don't worry
about her comment of the day goes to
Kristin Marie I thought this kind of
birthday here's getting a booster bore
what happened to that and that was
boosters board had a recall on their
battery so they stopped all production
of the boosted boards and well they're
not making boards right now so I'm on
the list
to get a board when they start making
them again don't forget we love you in
remembered khalaby
Tammy and yonder special one oh okay
let's together
and this together
