once I started kind of got the senior
manager on the phone and now we're going
to screen share so he's going to running
the diagnostic from here and mesh
together morning guys you have a state
pin in the house symphony stayed home
from school such a bummer his news story
but paired today as well she had to
dress up she won't eat anything so she
asked for some soup it's like nine
o'clock in the morning I'm gonna make
sense you like it
what move it
cigarette not there karma this karma
grip you're right the common air light
goes on that's I wasn't too strong the
GoPro goes on and inspect recorded feel
stable the cameras so close I mean I
mean to me
mmm as the daddy size bytes make bigger
messes and mommy says but don't they
just look at that soup you would never
know that it's a mix from Kroger I'm
heading out to my discipleship meeting
and I'm going to listen to some stuff
audiobook I didn't date everything but
on the three firms I had bought the
audio version of her book at the last
minute and she didn't read her chapters
as she was supposed to reporter meaning
to it just ran out your ear and it last
minute plus I'm reading three books at
the same time right now so Amanda and I
were reading a woman after God's own
heart by Elizabeth George one in order
to go ahead leave all your software you
think you have a backup right back
nothing a lot a while my disciple sent
meetings over and I'm at wonderful we
made do a little shopping and also a
little social media collaboration with
my friend Alison he goes to church like
you own this view
Boutique which is all facebait
wonderfully may we're fearfully and
wonderfully mania Jesus Allison I like
your hair up and really feeling it so
much here I was hoping for a machine
that would work and be reliable and now
I'm gonna take it in I gotta get a work
dot and I don't know I don't know close
to an Apple store okay flash is going to
find your comment okay but I just want a
good computer out okay we're all done I
got some goodies and you guys have
ducked it over to my Instagram me and
row 9 check out the little deal that I'm
offering and then head out for their
Instagram wonderfully made cage yeah let
me see what else we can do over the
phone here okay okay okay thank you for
being so patient I appreciate it
I know listen sponsoring you're welcome
okay may remain his own constellation
either astronaut I love it buddy
what is oh you know is that the treasure
box
my buddy you're gonna see mail that to
me I'm going to take a look at it and
almost call exactly what happened
so yeah just got a brand-new laptop a
brand new MacBook Pro completely maxed
out and I'm having issues with it
freezing up on me and flickering and
they wanted me to take it into the store
which is about an hour from where I live
so I started pretending to cry and once
I started crying they got the senior
manager on the phone and now we're going
to screen share so he's going to running
the diagnostic from here it's not this
women that can get their way it's men -
as long as you cry like like here well I
got to get the leads out of this
trampoline
it has rings total time
put that in there hi maggot god you are
magic cool or magic hole so Maddie's
kicker oh no day so I'm just gonna watch
you oh okay IIM do care oh yeah that's
not going anywhere too heavy to move
oh yeah I want to blow it from here to
there obviously I don't care if it gets
in my yard
tear you up again and video hm
I moved on to the push broom however
grabbed huge chunks and just push it but
coming back starting to hurt sorry dizzy
push my mama's here that's gone
I feel like jello at the moment
everybody come on a little bridge
something I dare you daddy will do it I
love you a little bit harder that saw
Toby oh nice we only thought a few
quarters ever hear some more quarters
for you hey guys back home from my
meeting and getting a burn I'm Julia is
on her evening nap it's almost 5:00 p.m.
and I am Megan some webisode organic
free-range chicken broth low-sodium just
all I'm going to do is chicken broth and
green beans no carrots this time I
usually mix it but we're still kissing
Oh gamma cool whose goodness
cutie put a shirt on already gage what I
see on that what the salmon Ian vlog
without a run to wall more rot it looks
like a hot way over we are here to get
Gatorade for symphony we are also here
for a Google Play card for you guys the
small will have the number hidden
somewhere in a some way it may not be
directly on the cord but it will be
consistent throughout the vlog we're
seeing about maybe separating it so you
gotta watch the whole vlog to pick up
all the numbers makes you hit the bell
down there so you get notified when
buckled up okay we're not going to post
it right at 5:00 tomorrow we're going to
post it at 501 of 509 or 459 foot also
I'll need some photo paper where else
did I need buddy oh okay here's some
long as a turtle socks you're kidding me
don't put underwear socks together at
Walmart Oh over here no you can't for
Ninja Turtle you didn't really look some
right there look Ninja Turtles is kind
your paw Patrol
yeah okay
all right I got upset in here today she
turn the bath on in the back bathroom
loss taking a shower it turned to
freezing cold and then right after the
freezing cold and then composure and hot
so like I'm scared hating once I jumped
out of the shower so I all were some
flowers
I'm sorry
so go anytime you want when I'm not in
the shower my boss
desert imminent ever been so thoughtful
Symphony while she's sick
hey just that down your licensing are
you so sick and she answering is like
you aren't you really sick and he got
her the little shopkins I'll heat it out
and just being really sweet and
thoughtful brother he's just sitting
there talking to her while she's in her
back oh no she little did the Midland
hey what did you do can you talking can
go in we don't know what I should hear
this girl here it's that time of the
month and she's like yeah oh you're so
goofy be stupid okay Emily caz it gets
coming today I think I remember one of
your early videos you mentioned that you
do have cable does that still try you do
not ask it is so true I know you kids
like to certain shows but it seems like
no one watches much TV we limit it quite
a bit definitely limited and trying to
do a little bit more so Abram as you saw
yesterday it remains a treat for them
you know it's not something they just
get to do whenever they want to turn the
TV on and watch it they know as much as
possible about like materialism and like
teachers like that but then you want to
say instead of telling them no you
should just give them a new yes you know
I mean yeah
instead of like well you can look out
the window for now instead of like no
guess you can't after you clean your
room yes you can't after you do your
homework yes
you can tomorrow haha alright guys we'll
see you tomorrow don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other
nasty
puttin this together
