oh my goodness I didn't realize they
actually get like that's so red like
that no wait symphony coming oh my god
you are my brother you are my sister and
they buy the Stanga the by the same
heart went up to this we've got to give
and this together guys I'm running a
little bit late Juliet took an extra
long morning nap oh yes you did and we
have plans I go meet my friend Nicole
you guys remember her I'm so excited but
I'm right we gotta go very steep stairs
we keep the morning God TIFF and I are
discussing using our time wisely and
finding reasons behind doing the things
that we do there seriously cat meowing
samus Abrams door open there's a cat
yowling in the car
oh gosh it's so cute to look at oh my
gosh dang nothing sounds realistic
that's what I call it for real
you guys ever struggle with that having
a list of things you need to get done
but you can't find a good reason to do
then that's something I struggle with
when I drift away from my relationship
with Christ this tends to happen because
I keep your enemy we got to do all
things to glory of God otherwise it is
meaningless
hey maybe your man here helps me spot
you good oh my god just like a real like
a mule even happening realized it was a
Diego day we have to organize I'm into
that I love you make you love me your
mom in every look before right you're
gonna have lunch at mettlesome wash and
David we are super hungry they just
opened we circled around and drove has a
good talk this is so cute I've been
wanting to try this place for a while
look at this place it's like a rock and
roll type feel but it's also really
pretty and like girly what is the
general theme of this place it's a
gastro pub and our one of our main draws
40 beers on tap
oh well Cory Kapoor we're looking at so
boats today for exploration you love it
out here man
this guy led us through the gate just in
time worked out so perfectly because all
this is closed off to the public
Wellesley that is you know that is what
is that that's an anchor can you say
anchor yeah that's what keeps the boat
in place when you're out louder Oh a
hose this is our advertisement we're
doing hummus what I think cauliflower
cucumber purple cauliflower purple care
I don't know I have feet of bread and
this is Juliet's lunch it's pureed
cauliflower it smells amazing I want to
try it before I get it it's like their
substitute for mashed potatoes I've
never had mashed all flowers and wanting
price
oh so good well challahwood is for the
newbies this is Nicole my oil friends we
need any oil from the oil she has taught
me everything I know
anyway so what are you doing and down
for a drill scraper going down to window
to the night Nuria whatever that in my
last market all that seemed so beautiful
you guys
you guys glad I got in case your voice
is real deal oh you're simply no that's
a no for real dog love okay two little
boys and if it public information one on
the way to make it public information
ballpark book most on our host we're not
your close friend and you're not at all
kind of a pleasure my beautiful her
husband is one his helps take the field
I know you got part video even more kill
it where we don't really know what
actually has got a lot of backlash on go
but they thought they were saving the
field right your heroes our heroes yes
okay crazy that was it was nuts
it was being really brave right now he's
walking on this little skinny pathway
and it's kind of wobbling around he sees
a little bridges buddy you see the white
stuff under it that's foam just got
working on his vote and he just went
down inside of his boat isn't that cool
look
you can go down inside of them
now I wish we could get on this boat
look at that that's a beautiful boat
lunch is great but I mean you know
dessert Emmys are like looking a little
big going this is bread pudding exams
least favorite dessert oh my total
favorite I love bread pudding sorry Sam
Juliet December dessert yeah did you
know every what colors the anchor on
this boat what color's the anchor what
yeah well thank you variable on you
something I know certain Logan oh you
sure did oh my god girl that pregnancy
brain you know you know her oh all right
cake that's the Gateway to get through
they're all walk like that so painful
that a guy was coming out right when we
were walking up here ever would you
learn out there man
who's your anchor look at me Jesus good
job buddy
all right let's go
I'm home you guys a really great day now
I'm making dinner we have some friends
coming over tonight I know it's just one
of those days on the go you guys have to
see Abram he is stalling
today dananana dananana you look awesome
dude he picked it all out Abram and I
wouldn't watch any t be okay generally
spilled up everyone's freaking out last
night all tonight we thought you was
sick but he woke up fine so we think you
how to do with too much time with you
that body no yeah yeah yeah
come on in what you guys don't come by
here you crazy come on man stop playing
in the rain you hi Brittany
go hi ah dang it
so you guys remember that big with
Taylor wind at Viki well Mia remained it
for us because it was so good we want to
share that burden just because we're
here Saturday night she made some
homemade rolls and it's really fancy
dish simply not feelin to you guys she's
in here doing homework jar company with
us
you don't know you still doing your
homework really good here mm-hmm okay
get in my belly
oh I'm down watch daddy and Mama God's
life hey guys it about the cut-open
Sophie
so I'm going to get this red-hot first
thank you
Avram come here sorry Sophie it's been
nice knowing you
besides okay we did it read on oh yes
oh my goodness quickly nervous favor I'm
such a good brother think that goes wait
I gotta go get symphony color we're
cuttin open so feet oh my goodness I
didn't realize they actually get like
such so red like that
Oh
oh don't worry how's the firefighters
yeah are you so is there any mold in
here it's going to be hard to sell this
mold or burn a smell can y'all smell it
yeah oh no no no no Mon you run in our
table no no no mom remover is that
Mulder is that from the thing all right
Oh mommy with another one I'll get you
another well we got to make sure this
thing have mold in it
no mold maybe we could melt it back
together I don't know
hi baby hey did you think Daffy yeah you
little feeling getting ready to do
comment of the day I'm taking the
pictures I took of a room today and the
exploration is really cute you guys
haven't checked it out so far I've done
too
this will be my third week it's on our
Facebook page a certain album going to
down below I'm also sharing them on my
Instagram they're really good you guys
have got to go check it out the little
stories that Stan puts with the pictures
oh it's just so beautiful it really tugs
at your heartstrings he's a great writer
also a good photographer it's neat guys
getting a ticket out
so comment of the day comes from dej
what time do you two generally go to
sleep and what time do you wake up you
both seem to have great energy I'm a
sloth by noon well we're trying to be
more disciplined there's actually a part
of our New Year's resolutions is really
going crappy right now it's 10:45 I
however used to go to bed at like 2:00
a.m. and I've
going to bed at midnight like really
trying to discipline myself in that I
have been and same with him pretty much
we just just stay up all night and then
our kids have to get up and go to school
we have to get up at 6:30 in the morning
to answer that question
we're also sloths my life doesn't say 10
a.m. for him also about noon for me I'm
not a sloth like tonight I need a nap at
10 a.m. okay hit me
take a little nap and I wake up I'm
gonna go some days he's good to go after
that some days he's been a little harder
than that honey don't look for mislead
everybody can come out like that for a
hundred thousands of people oh it's no
big deal
all right guys we ready in a number two
the last trucker
yeah me you wanna be hateful oh it's not
can't make it
we're in this together
