cutely it's fair crow guys is she going
to do it the battery's about the down
the camera you don't let her do it let
me change the battery
don't do it I'll be right back baby I'll
be right back
what is going on in there
and this together way here and we're
here baby come here come to Daddy
morning good how's it going today Abram
is at school so I'm trying to catch up
on a few things I just finished editing
a video for symphonies channel one
that's been sitting in our folder for
too long and so it's fun reloader you
guys should go check it out
she hasn't called yet but that decay
we're not rushing it we just want to
make sure the cameras out when she does
so she looks like she's scooting around
we have 208 buddy homes come give me a
hug buddy where are you hi hi oh I miss
you
yeah about to get my sewing skills out
y'all Abram got this dog yesterday from
aunt Jodi and the bone started to come
off and in the car symphony in a room
had a little list of animals I needed me
to fix and patch up fire cook ginger
okay oh good god yes I do doggy you want
to go get him on your bed for me
night your little run oh hi good job
buddy
Oh Wally what keep trying on new clothes
can you hold them all right buddy kiss
kiss all done give it a nice easy cook
get on there pretty good all right did
mommy do a good job
give me five and now I'm going to do his
little doggy there is a slight little
hole back here but luckily there's
already some thread I think I might try
to use what's already there
Tiffany's home from school how was it
maybe okay tell us something cool that
happened at school today hanging back to
Hayden lawsuits - did he give a cool
necklace Tuesday again so I am browning
some ground beef for the Kinkos another
making I bought Costco portions of
6-inch potato and this is my last little
batch of it my sweet sweet husband has
agreed to go pick up some things I
needed from Walmart kind of at their
expense association with suspender tooth
fairy money so because there's that too
much to ask is responsive it's not but
it really is at the same time would ya
think you just want to do it for me but
I can continue cooking and if you are
really right I had the heater on full
blast whoa
nobody's like really right I'm super
kind of like hot right now and well you
know the scar that a dream had on case I
greatly kind of had to say one but a dog
scratcher but in the same plane Oh Vic I
agree - no my face may be GC but we're
not positive that we're a location on
hot I'm the verified in questioning me
Lizzy can I have two strong
at 6:30 6:30 - were at the Tron okay
good nice does a lot of times that she's
100% certain of things and often - not
95% completely Roy many Buster's does
not all right I don't know I would even
say that much it's funny because she
says 100% positive every single time and
she was up being wrong
oh my father's was on my house
something's up with this guy today and
me we're both having a major off day you
got the blues then he has a blue today
through didn't you have the blue no no
don't ask me like that do you think you
are because I can't do anything because
I have you loud man I'll do what me is
such a good Christian I am going to give
you cuties buddy super smart in order to
get control of your brother's assistant
I also have to do things for them you
have to you have to make yourself appear
smarter and nice and more able summation
she's smart she knows what she's doing
she does a lot for a room but she also
tells them what to do a lot and he
listens how do you company you're
getting this whole manipulated thing
down Wow yeah right now no you don't yes
I did for your sister right now you took
a great place can I have one around all
right am i yeah wash you here throw it
to me look wait wait wait oh I can't
because got the orange juice so who's
the really wet when I get them out they
stuff them with orange juice
how'd I do that
that's how you get orange juice was the
cutest one in this room - symphony no
come on
me you don't ever see yourself sweetie
because then yourself thank you to
person around me
nobo those pretty cute hey like you're
handsome thank you Jeff now I know it
looks like Brad Pitt when I first met
you you remind me a brat Pitt that right
yeah I've heard that one I have I bet
it's been a while
oh well you have an airplane as a light
so I mean oh you're doing all right a
lot of times you think this is a dog toy
except it squeaks Bernie no no no no he
really went for it and things made the
news is better of mold inside of them
took over our viewers cold oh yeah we
know they're the Hornet yeah it'll catch
your water
yeah moisture yeah this is the one
Sophie yeah a couple you guys thought
about that maybe we should take that
away from them yet said is only news
that there's mold in there good they're
awesome
trucky yeah well cut it open Amanda how
about you wait you got to keep things a
little thing yeah so cute good oh no I
want you to read this okay
The Cat in the Hat or should we say the
cat in the door it is fun to have fun
but you have to know how show them how
to do it something I say you have fun
right there
Danny want to see what the shot is oh
you see the green eggs and ham Dan oh it
goes all the way out oh yes
hit me so you used to do it oh I thought
it on my wall him yeah I guess that was
stuck when we first did it who's ready
Louise already
whoa watch carefully you better watch
him carefully all right Fox and socks
Fox and socks now wait a minute
Fox is in a bottle where the tips little
battle with their petals in a puddle on
a mood noodle noodle inning poodle this
is what they call a tweet noodle noodle
poodle bottled paddled muddled nettled
cuddle-wuddle Fox and I saw Fox and
socks sir look at that big one oh I'm
here let me ask you any ask you this how
did they get to the slide they went
through this door
the toilet first I pay their money that
one's in the door yeah they went through
that tunnel went up a lot of it I was
inside of there and then they way II
really went inside this thing just
wagging and one swimming oh this is all
the money you made I can read in read I
can read in blue I can read in guys what
you think it is why does grain look so a
lot because pickle color to accept looks
funny anymore why didn't it work white
guy on his eyes changed when you do that
we keep going there that green eyes
closed it cool I can read in a circle
and upside down what you pulled his
Carl's well when it got stuck I am told
it off cuz I thought I would be able to
get it back in this is posted on the
track symphony took it upon yourself to
pull it out what is that going to do
remember we pull hood it gets longer
over here
oh yeah and you want it goes off the
book would sadden hum a sermon hunt
camera well daddy why do you cook Gump
has a sudden hump so if you'd like to go
bump bump just jump on the hump on the
one welcome right you call a 3-ounce
camel dragon a dad for Zootopia looks
funny this was no time for play this
isn't a type of fun this was in country
games there was work to be done one more
ok now I'm going to be cute good luck
comment of the day goes to Kristen
Estrada
how comes symphony goes to school on MLK
Day I don't know
I was also baffled by that it's crazy
it's like MLK Day it's like
a holiday everywhere for all the schools
some jobs are not open stores and
whatnot and here we are like
volunteering and working at school and I
even had a meeting with you know one of
the top people at her school so even
they were working but anyways it's
probably because they have different
random holidays they also don't go to
school on Fridays but they go longer
hours during a timeout who knows what it
is but anyway tomorrow's gonna be a
really fun day hope you guys join us
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
Oh
we're in this together
