how are you feeling since childhood you
ready ETSU sir to get our MRI result the
16th surgery or not set this worry how
are you guys doing I'm taking my mom up
to the doctor Tiffany's in the car this
morning I've been fighting a lot of
anger towards the pain I'm having in my
knees and in my hand and my fingers just
so frustrating you know when you want to
build to the thing that makes you you
know happiest and you can't do it oh so
frustrating I've been really fighting
that anger this morning speaking of pain
I'm actually taking my mom to the doctor
to get our MRI results to see if she
needs surgery or not I've been like
having sympathy pains for her is like
man I can't imagine having back pain
where you just have trouble getting
around at all I'm just kind of how I'm
coping with it come on e mom are you
good how are you feeling how's your back
I'm sorry mommy I didn't really feel in
for you today
jimena hug everyone I told her to stay
in the car you think it's funny huh I
think that's funny disobeying me
simply come sit with your papa you're so
cute what you're thinking about
tell me smiley you what breakfast one is
a cake you're a coffee there's some
creamer some sugar just sip it slowly
very hot no sugar is that good what to
say sure does
we're gonna go do some shopping some
therapy shopping for my mom at the
Salvation it always helps my mom so they
did a fine exactly what was wrong with
my mom's back or her leg pain yeah never
have to do some more tests
my poor mom it's the wait longer she's
just ready to get under the knife but
that's ok alright we're gonna go first
shoes shoes of course what about these
does it look great so you're not too big
let's you're big those are nice with
Saturday they have like an off-white
shoe lace is pretty too big huh what'd
you think of these a lot I feel like
high heels
yeah no they're too big yeah what's that
say you play look isn't that cool to
YouTube but says you play oh that's so
cute leave that vast us London but I was
thinking of Abram his little in New York
City it's awesome you can you guys
believe my seven-year-old was already
into shoe and clothes shopping
starting way too early but this is the
kind of place you need to be if you want
to do that the clothes cost a dollar and
the shoes are almost free
I brought some shoes for you Symphony
these ones never charger on them they
walk for you so you don't have to walk
you charge him and they do the walking
for you
is that why you plug them in what is
that for them these were light-up shoes
oh nevermind I thought they did walking
symphony can we only get the toys please
camera stopped working so I'm using my
phone now look at this the lens got
stuff it's just giving me the key logo
going in and out of town maternal arm
off watch what is up with that
you know I need these cameras we've been
through these trials we proposed you
ready it's this I found me a couple of
hats that's been right here as long as
you don't read with what the Hat says
it's actually pretty cool hat right cool
eighties look to it this is over the
hill and says take medication this one
which is really coolest this is enough
hat the other one pink and black and
purple that's a sweet hat you're fine
you're fine Co has like that anywhere
sure sifting it looks like a run I'm
coming in tiny
hi sugar your hair every single day when
you wake up you have bed head hello I
get down
did you have a good nap good
rinkie
over here Sookie - Bubba how are you
feeling
won't that good not that good I told
Bobby this is his last day to have nap
time on the couch tomorrow he has to
start napping in his little bed again
it's snack time you want some
strawberries okay hey Bobby that's a
bunch they're not offer you take one I'm
gonna get Julia one - are you being
indecisive oh yeah take a bite yummy Wow
very you cute baby
oh goodness someone's feeling better
he's being silly and smiling
well sipping in our home now guys
sipping jackpot shopping with me would
the Costco hungry which was a bad idea
we came home with a bunch of groceries
ten regret doing that shoulda ate before
I went shopping but hopefully there's
room in the freezer
hey guys I got to show you something my
mom sent me yesterday we were having a
conversation at lunch the other day
about how much Juliet looks like me and
she sent me this picture of me as a baby
you guys ready to see if I was wearing
my dad's red shoes and a cute little
necklace with my white jammies on that's
me how much does that look like Julia it
I mean seriously looks so much like her
it's crazy
so look what Sam just happens to have
I'm about to remake the photo with
Juliet come here Jules
let's put daddy shoes I'm gonna come you
come on first I'm gonna put a necklace
on you okay this was my babies you were
in the same PJs daddy let me get a
picture
Juliet's creating her own Symphony over
here first out of our family pablor and
what's that last one something very last
word that's longer rose milkshake
milkshake
Wow Whoopie he's whistling
I love you buddy are you excited about
tomorrow you are get some good sleep
okay you need a rest really well really
really good so we can have a good time
together with uncle dude you are you
waiting for
watch what oh yeah Symphony in their
dress that late tonight watch the
Olympics so we'll catch you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you you
want this for this then I took it from
one's throne with my dad is he left when
I was about 10 years old but I'm so
excited I've always wanted
