I did have to do it cuz I got the
eggshell oh well good morning guys my
making french toast this morning
you your whole leg out from the
cows - you do they even make that
that's good if I might up near hold
campus today too heavy to move my shoes
but some bakery back picked it up to do
it when they're really good at it that's
why I'm York I told guys breakfast time
for the baby
she was having her nap whenever we ate
breakfast as a family but in the midst
of that Symphony discovered she thinks
she's about to lose her second - can we
look at it let's see here it would be
Disick ask just gently wiggle oh babe I
cannot begin to sing
are you showing you symphony your
man lots of blue girls after color blue
yeah he's never a blue Honda he's riding
tomorrow you did really good buddy you
know my hypothesis after the game I was
walking out and I saw this lady you guys
I felt like I was seeing tunnel vision
so let me just give you guys a little
backstory on it okay I'm going to cry
it's a really emotional thing just at
one sided I don't think she has the
emotional side of the story when I was
pregnant with Symphony I worked in
retail at maurices and I was a store
manager and I had the opportunity to
make a ton of relationships with women
mom college students single moms
grandmas you know you name it whatever
and I met this lady her name is Toby she
is so sweet she's so adorable she's tiny
she had long blonde curly hair and she
had three kids and I thought oh my gosh
this lady's got her hands full how does
she do it and she was just the sweetest
lady I had ever met she just had so much
patience and I was just like man I'm so
nervous to become a mom you know you're
doing such a good job you're killing it
you know and she would come in
periodically and I would just never
forget this one time she was telling me
she was dealing with the tantrum or
something that her little her
two-year-old was having she was just so
patient it was like how are you doing
this you are like
having such a good job with your content
- like you have to remember what your
kids that at each age they grow into
when they have these tantrums that is
the most terrifying horrifying annoying
thing that they've had to deal with in
their life this farm where as you know
we've had to do all sorts of things I
would like to wander into these green
beans like an orange and I thought I saw
her yesterday I got so excited I was
like oh my god her she put the
difference in my life as a mom and it
was her and I felt for this boy so today
when I saw her today but that's why I
had like tunnel vision on like oh my
gosh that's her I just for years I
wanted to conquer think implanted by
students made such a tremendous
difference in my life as a mom as when
it has that along I was so excited SEMA
printed a after all this time not seeing
her and not being able to I did I gave
her if you took I had tears in my eyes
and I was like I have been wanting to
see you for years and just thank you for
this advice and was funny of this you
remember a conversation so Michael I can
say here members are you
anyway I want to share that with you
guys sorry for the long clip
and by the worst thing they've been here
what I mean is emotionally that's one of
the hardest things that they try to you
know like talk and that's where as
parents it's our job to you know jump in
and teaching them self-control and have
fun shopping a Juniper murder okay 15
minutes ball yeah my eyeliner pencil
broke and I recently got the Naked
palette for Christmas and my makeup bag
is too small hold it so all my makeup
has been spread out all over
Weejun okay dear yes I am I'm looking at
these charter auditors so soon sauce Sam
told me 15 minutes I got my eyeliner I'm
doing it seeing it kind of a trouble
your stick a lot its opening I think I'm
talking to try to get what I actually
came in for here are the bags there's
too many choices for me here which one
looks more like me you guys that one
stood out but I already got dirty I need
one that's long enough to fit my naked
palette well I kind of like this one
percent wine cubits and Muslims 22 to
maybe not
no no alright I made a decision on the
bag simple cute sparkly being definitely
long enough to fit many key challenges
ahead got my goodies and a couple of
things extra I shouldn't have acted cute
little lady I remembered that I don't
have any concealer and the reason I
remembered it recently is about big
pimple on all week and had no concealer
alert as well no way they're not used to
people coming in there and if you don't
know what the heck they're doing when it
comes to name-brand makeup you the walls
I mean can you just go to Walmart please
should I pull it when you pull it it
won't hurt I drink you will side to the
door Randy that does it hurt let me tell
this to don't pull it
I'm not going to pull it I just want to
feel it oh yeah that's coming right off
hi mom
hi Andrea Sam why you look great oh yeah
you're gonna make the thumbnail we've
done actually what you're gonna make the
thumbnail no let me see it again
can I please put a string on I'm gonna
pull if I look at it I got a market tiny
bit when you guys say hi babe Leo I got
four kids
well thank you Inlet fish up uncle Jude
why'd you cut your hair off I need some
I'll take you to the Dollar Tree let me
pull it all right there my name is gonna
let me put it here on the Dollar Tree
anyone I know I wanna go she make your
negotiate okay I'll let you decide I
know how about how about two dollars we
negotiating someone you want to meet in
the middle
instead of five dollars I'll get you one
thing at the Dollar Tree no respect
anything you want
instead of five dollars you can pick
anything you want to have a whole store
Symphony no one thing out of a whole
store that's what we did last time we're
gonna move her neck you got it is that
easy did you do it you can see ya
you know Oh golly Wow crazy the other
one I move to the front a little bit
that you just pop it right you don't
have you baby coos you're just like
animal we get cute little baby - our
baby really falling apart
Hey look I'm come you're - thank you
we're not going tonight buddy because
since he didn't let me pull it hey hang
it from the tree it isn't really like
will say watch you like it but she just
doesn't know I can't do it you dropped
your tooth and run we had search and
rescue
don't cry the other story may be heard
the expression of Kravitz film man don't
cry over rescue a lost lost - but a lot
I see what you're saying last night
maybe please a magnet yeah I was
thinking I remarried I think so right
out face on my car right before you did
it
that is crazy cousin says show me what
you did showing me a tender spot to drop
the friend drop it is bouncing Angeles
information I wasn't even buried it was
right on top no I'm good for it a little
bit like property he's got the bed ready
for us did you pick coming today trying
to get a room exploration photo edited
before tomorrow which is the next week
oh yeah Wow I'm a little bit behind
Trent ketchup Aubrey Watson wait but how
many eggs did they eat hello - eight
nine I'm told
yeah it was nice man eggs new want them
in no no all right guys we'll catch you
tomorrow
as always God willing don't forget we
love you and remember to each other
within this together
