I'm fine you are my brother you are my
sister and they buy the same guy the
fattest a heart we've got today we've
got to give
and that's together hey come on guys
I'll let me asleep into it I'm snacking
on delicious mingoes the sweet but not
considered sweet because organic fruit I
love myself root that tastes like candy
so good I have a mini a menu
hey come half today hang out buckle up
we'll go to the gym yes man the gym I
work at out has childcare until noon
sighs we go around 10:30 11:00 now I
have an hour or so to work out a friend
of mine I've known her for almost 7
years she's a trainer at this gym and so
she works out with me every time I'm
very blessed that I'm able to do that
listen the guys are getting ready to go
to their exploration well it's just girl
time here we are gonna have a little
afternoon warm drink I think I'm going
to do my chair I'm just winging it life
motherhood's my eyeliner everything
creme brulee is my creme of choice right
now then I'll do extra bold I'm in the
mood for like crazy coffee taste I like
that you guys are my workout - it was
the hardest workout of those before I
was like she told me to do one more rep
at the end of this certain thing we're
doing like we're building I can throw up
just like okay we're going to be we're
gonna do a variation of the fin so I
kept going and I pushed her and did one
more of it man I'm just weak when it
comes to cardio is really knocking
hey-ya girl your cousin
yeah y-yeah okay I'm taking everyone
scoring for the week no keep trying
buddy says he's done every time goes
poop after the procedure
we know you're up here by epiphany how
do you feel about everyone I exploring
Wow a little sad but happy he said but
happy Abram gets to do it now and then
she looked at me me eyes like 10 seconds
they gave me a big hug because she was
my first little Explorer so she has a
special place in my heart you don't know
her
we decided she should go on her bumble
feet - she's at the table with us lady
you do have nap hair she has her snack
that's if you chose for her with coffee
hot chocolate with marshmallows hmm
so Symphony what's new with you you're
taking new classes in and full new
elective Anasta yeah having girl time
this is not necessarily new well having
good time oh I'm sure she's a new little
addition to our girl time is looking
like her cupcake and let's see what's
new with me well tonight Sam and I are
going on a date I figure out what's
where and other than that we found a
spot
this was my backup spot I actually
wanted her taken to an old abandoned
house that I see every once in a while
and I couldn't remember where it was at
so this was the backup spot it's another
abandoned house but not as cool we're
going to go see an old house but it was
somebody used to live okay follow me
this way
Oh God yep your brave guy do what that
thing is right there talking no it's not
cotton candy that's an old couch with
the cotton coming out of it just cotton
without the candy I'm gonna try to play
a role game what's in that back door I
was wrong it's live that's crazy
yeah you tougher the hole buddy
big step come on it's like a sitting
room this is cool but not that cool
just a bunch of drywall you're working
back dinosaur you mommy many women ah
yeah oh so cute
it goes right in for it she's doing a
timeline of what she did each day with a
family so first thousand athletes that
are on the bar and producing she drew a
house with the words DC on it was a good
idea you need ok Wednesday what do we do
with our family I don't know yes I do
when leaves on the trampoline oh yeah
that was really fun I have to give you
that and I'm going to do it circles
he'll say like behind that was the next
day though well I guess I'm going to try
the other house if I could find it on
the way home I have to hurry because we
have a double date tonight yeah I got to
take more time and study and find places
yes before a couple days do you know I
mean this way man I really wanted to
like give this year all I had and get
some really amazing pictures of some
really amazing locations
cool there you go really disappointed I
have time tomorrow I'm gonna do it again
somewhere else Oh guys daddy very hot we
don't want to talk about it oh did you
get hurt no ain't get hurt it's like
coming out of the front door did you fly
on it no one to help you repeat why you
know it yeah what's happening the
problem sir I just picked it about what
is it
bacteria boo creepy no it's not looks
like fungus $137
what was your favorite part about the
house doing your drivability and Sally
probably Netanyahu oh you like the
dinosaur was a paradigm for a happy
hunting sir exactly why was it sad get
black non wrong because about little
stuff dinosaur Solomon I don't think you
guys are I don't cook a cutter eggs
today is a dire tool guys guess how many
eggs kids are eating I'm gonna put a
pole right here we're going right now
buddy you're right now we're leaving
right now why are we eating here honey
we're actually just vlogging so while
we're eating their kind kind of new and
I've been wanting to try it forever it's
been open for what we told you about it
okay well let's go try it out or
anything how long waited
we're meeting Jenna and tastier salad I
got a burger in like my brother very
much
and say hey guys is our high school
buddy horrible oh really
well I'm in school cause you know you
can give us an embarrassing story about
them
what a little bro moment there I thought
the food was just you know okay another
point in if we did that I was home it
was like leave us editor say graphic
this is our waitress more diverse
go ahead case down the first light
how's that fun suppose the other one
we're just going to switch them back and
forth and share all together there's an
emergency at home with the kids really
bad
we have formula tell me the formula
howard unearthed her wait a good meal
which is you know we're gonna go see la
la la i guess we may yet nothing baking
guys
man we require like ornaments person to
India and I found earlier I'm accorded a
really cute message in there who you
love you don't even remember
oh so close you're so close that one
we're home from our date Sam has a
headache
Lala man was dead I really liked it give
me a headache wasn't what I thought it
was gonna mean I'll say that and I
really care for Bandung I was expecting
to get the feel from the movie I was
expecting like warm feeling it's like a
real inspirational feeling I did get a
little bit I got inspired a little bit
asking artistically but not romantically
like I expected oh you're expecting to
get romantically if I inspired you but
is an awesome movie there was something
that was like wow the things that people
come up with all the night very creative
so yeah what did you guys think of long
lonely and you loved it did you hate it
I was looking at reviews online and they
are very 50/50 so don't forget we love
you and to look each other
we can't make
Oh
in this together
