symphonie come eat breakfast please
screech over scooch over just a little
bit for you guys woke up early today man
before the Sun was even up you like
watching the meat to the app don't need
it that's mine
turning me think about it those are
daddy's now are you hey
you're a very serious about her
breakfast mommy good morning guys
Sam just went to go pick up Oreo from
the cleaners the groomers and I have a
little surprise for her
no boxes for when she comes home whoo
look at that pretty coat come on Oh yo I
have a little surprise for you don't you
got like Oreo you have your own little
spot already got some new balls right
it's just for you don't try it out
oh well it's real feeding my burger so
you look good girl it's so good
Juliet ran out of her baby food for
breakfast this morning so it's time to
make her some more together are happy
you picked the book which one do you
wanna read first colors oh good choice
coffee
Margot the turtle she loves good time to
wake up Sophie little buddies home such
a beautiful day where's my little buddy
he's talking to Victor what'd you get
symphonie got two there oh yeah thank
you
yeah I do yeah oh he could not wait to
get home and share that with you really
yeah so cute daddy do the pistol same
again sure mmm
I was wrong melon mm-hmm hey Michael
mmm so yummy though oh yeah all the
windows open in this house including the
screen here what colors I love it
there's a screen on this door your big
window got these windows open it feels
like a California day in here what is
that fake potatoes are for Juliet's
breakfast sheets
oh she's perishing correctness you guys
had just got back from the mailbox and
look at the most adorable thing I got in
the mail today it's a little bit late
but
I got Juliet's first Christmas ornament
look at it it's shiny
oh my lovely who's that for Jeremy how
do you know and he'll marry me Juliet
isn't it cute it's got a pink little
heart on it with the stitching you can
see it I love my line this one might be
for you Emily maybe let me check
headline I open one up we'll see oh I
think that percent dreamy the gymnastics
a bit oh sorry buddy I just take them by
the hat we drop it in see how easily
they come out of the peeling too I just
like you know I just kind of like to
drop this into a bowl tomorrow morning
and warm it up and that will be her
breakfast sometimes she can eat a whole
half but usually she eats about half of
a half for breakfast and so that's what
I lasted for it's your breakfast for the
next two weeks yeah mama
Netaji wants to say something so bad I
felt like earlier today she tried to say
bottle thanks dad
you lose thanks dad dad say daddy are
you gonna do it oh she still have dad
anyways I am making Rotel did I already
tell you guys that are making Rotel or
queso dip for GP tonight hey guys
welcome to GC night this Jeff you guys
all know Jeff with the pilot Air Force
I don't know that's okay it's crying
back inside the gang come on
welcome to our GC why'd you come along
tonight she's gonna watch the kid are
you I'm especially excited cuz my kids
are gonna be with the kids wait my
friend
oh this a mom I'm tired of you trying to
clean my kid symphony as you can see is
making them a mess so tonight our DC
meeting we're going to be discussing
what we want to wear our vision is for
2017 and
taking a big part of our vision
admission in our mission in the city and
my heart is definitely a mission a big
that's a gift card giving owners and so
I'm excited about tonight my mom my mom
is showing off her weight loss there is
the man of the hour
yeah I love how you wash your hands can
you do that again
oh let's look at that so smooth yeah I
love the splash man it's good very good
thanks for redoing that boy
little some thin slices Madison I heard
about your arm you're faking that's what
he's coming
and I just tearing into that cookie man
what was your resolution this year eat
more cookies
haha that's awesome oh good it's so good
what's up Mike hey Dumbo reading honey I
think I'm gonna don't know yes sure well
you gotta let go let go of it
hey what are you doing you're not even
done to that woman hey slow down
thank you what are you doing crazy kid
gosh I look so good guys
let's try knees dip here you go drive
I'm not eating sweets solstice day hi
Chantelle good what you wearing is that
Indian Native American I mean oh it
looks like that Styles a little beat so
to recap the two goals for 2017 is pour
into you a believer sorry an unbeliever
reach out pour into an unchurched an
unwitting person and pour into them and
either light to them beat us all tonight
to them beat you Jesus to them be
praying for this it was really good we
had some really good conversations it
was excellent good setting very excited
for our church so excited have these
missions planned out it's like
everything I've been wanting to hear a
lot of churches for a very long time
I'm very excited Nepal you don't get the
comment of the day we I don't remember
the song from yesterday Oh somebody sent
us another song you might want to
consider I've pictured it in my phone
okay we just got no little fights are
good okay um coming to the day lyrics
Angela Fowler emailed this to us it goes
in the tune of the bibl d song Tom
comment of the day hope you're well we
pray let's stand together on word of God
I want to comment of the day like this I
like that tune for sure comes from Sarah
Roberts Sam kind of seems like a
helicopter dad
haha it's not a bad thing though the
kids will always know you're near them a
helicopter dad what in the world is that
you really don't know no a parent who
takes an overprotective or
of interest in the life of their child
or children I can see what you're saying
there
he pays extremely close attention to
child's experiences and problems
particularly at educational institution
the up maybe maybe to a fault do you
know what I think I do that guy's
because growing up my dad made sure
those distance between us and him I
don't know if he did on purpose I was
with my dad for about ten years or until
I was 10 or 12 years old or something
like that but he kept distance between
us I don't know if you did that because
that's how he was raised he believed you
don't not supposed to get close to her
children and so I always felt um just
disconnected from him I couldn't turn
him and I want my kids to grow up
feeling that they can come to me about
anything and they can feel comfortable
asking me anything being cooked be close
to me coming cuddling up to me I didn't
feel comfortable even like touching my
dad and so maybe I'm overcompensating oh
that's sweet though I don't think what
you did yesterday in gymnastics is to a
fault is both of our kids very first
time at a real gymnastics class remember
last week was just symphonies trial
session to see what kind of class she
would fit into but I was the only person
walking back back and forth to the kids
to say where everyone's in symphony but
I felt like if Sam was with a Romani to
view us in definitely catch you tomorrow
God willing don't forget we rocks on the
front land and remember to love each
other
hey who found the gift card
we're in this together
