good Sunday morning everyone together is
it been so long it's hard for Nina to
get three kids ready for church though
you also get to see the new backdrop at
the church today it can be really creepy
what's gonna be creepy oh boy
how's your cheek feel it's got burned
his hopes this his hand she's gonna take
you to class
and
backdrop
be honest the other one felt excited so
it was Lucas cool bathroom guys that
Star Wars toy is embedded in the wall
look
Chewbacca Han Solo the Luke some
stormtroopers are starving here
see the Star Wars toys man clothes on
this is personal right oh how you got a
booger daddy oh no I got I'm gonna get
or you're eat some food guys here honey
can you take that to my way thank you
babe Olivia I've seen your puppy channel
that's what uh Brian my brother's got
the best my brother's girlfriend my
sister's boyfriend and I happen actually
but it seems like gets colder I don't
know or you go through these phases
where she stops eating are you what is
it what's wrong with you girl what's
wrong Oreo why won't you eat sometimes
problems with using this metal bowl when
she goes to eat a slide everywhere
especially if he's eating in the kitchen
action which lately I've been letting
her because just to cold outside
while the boys chill and enjoy this cozy
afternoon symphony is gonna do homework
in mommy's room while I clean up I've
been working on having symphony do her
homework independently without my help
at all then I check it and we kind of go
from there she has to redo something
sure he does them but the goal is to get
her out of the habit of me being side by
side and right there with her and I
think that that is something that's
gonna help her in the classroom setting
help her to be more independent and not
you know needy for the teacher I'm gonna
take her homework into her room she's
gonna do it while I'm in my room
cleaning then she can bring it to me I
think that's an even better idea we're
gonna do your worksheets in here and you
know how we've been working on doing
them without mommy so you're gonna do
them I'm gonna go clean up my room and
when you're done you bring them to me
okay
I think it's gonna work out more
Michelle sees Sam waste is a lot of
k-cups like this like it fell off yeah
yeah yeah oh my
hey Berlin Symphony they love watching
fails fail videos of Sam alright let me
tackle his room you guys just let me
know which one you like the best
okay or even that me he's playing with
the crowbar that was cool but I don't
like it orientation of it I problem is
that I really like this shop and I'm
trying to decide which position I like
best of him so you guys tell me which
one you like best
I like that one cuz I'd like the little
white that's like just me
giving his face other than our
there
that one has that one needs a four star
four stars for that one not that one
he's too bright I like this one too
because as you can see something stick
is about the tussin in the water
actually I think that was one of my
favorites looks like he's really getting
in there you know he's holding that big
stick that little guy he's just hitting
in there getting dirty and exploring for
that was a cool action shot of him
learning under the bridge
so I'm supposed to be doing this once a
week taking this form once a week which
I'm going to but I should be posting
them once a week - yeah already the
first week passed and I didn't post the
first photo and I want to do this on the
Sandia Facebook page so if you guys want
to see what I write about the photo a
little bit more about the experience we
had but yeah it's going to be on the
Facebook page and I'm gonna try to keep
this up from now on I say that a lot no
not sure this is why we don't skip his
nap honey how our baby you don't have to
eat the green beans there just in case
you want them just eat the little wings
thank you
seeds in it even oh look it's just bread
come on
we hang a little button oh my biscuits
it's like a bit like a pig in a blanket
you like you can find in DNA oh goodness
yes you don't eat anything you have to
go to bed now like an uber do take it
easy tell oh won't you move buddy you
can watch sighs hey hey listen how about
this I'll reason with you here if you if
you start to eat you can watch a movie
are you angry oh yeah yeah mainly sad
about the movie or about the greetings
and really I don't have to eat the green
in your ketchup pick it up with your
fork
never look at this baby oh hey good job
buddy
good job
yeah pretty good oh I think you like ah
here's some water
good job sweetie proud of you
does it taste County yummy huh yeah it
does
all right
turn something off for you
dartie for eating well the babies watch
Buzzbee that's Abraham's favorite show
by the way guys I don't know if you know
that it's not funny it's called the high
right right the hive on Netflix Abrams
thoughts on favorite show
Sydney and I are gonna build this
friends Lego set really that's like the
only kind review friends II always do
didn't friend do like a frozen one with
them oh yeah we did a frozen one before
and what were you saying about all this
that's a lot of accessories and guys I
even have one dark purple one that's
right oh you have it upside down
Juliet baby we had as a baby over there
stir the baby oh good now we gotta find
the hose where'd you put the hose
checking the box
me too it's the best part of it oh
what's that over there
there it is cool let me have it
got it right here no good day whether I
should have put my hand right here her
get up
she was bumped her head on this stool
okay sis well done they can give her
what I call middle of the day comes
let's do this really fun I am going to
pick it now that was lame you really do
got to come up with a song you guys
having a good lyric first comment of the
day goes to Katie McDermott
Sam why did you cut it off at the end
when you were talking about taking two
handfuls of snow the battery died that's
why but we'll see you guys tomorrow
forget we love you Rick top of each
other
we're in this together
