y'all have fun at Chuck E Cheese now
come on guys still on the same shirt
from yesterday from yesterday well look
like a chunky cheese there's a snow cool
place yeah there is
yeah okay well have fun eating so codes
cuz it's freezing out here we're
supposed to get snow today but as you
can see there's nothing it's all up
north man I wish we kissing us no that
would be awesome
Dallas is supposed to get half an inch
we'll see if we get anything at all over
here we're about hour from Dallas he's
the guy to change my Co else is here
look we're running around don't know how
sandy are you other moms go to these
places alone three kids I did really
good with to send me an apron we did
everything together
not have a baby I'm like I'm just feel
like I can't go anywhere without him
be there to help me with kids are y'all
ready to go play
Oh
here's your pink one your blue one y'all
go have fun but a big baby one day y'all
be running around - okay so I made it
I'm here it's not going so bad I think
it's because Sandy's here she is serious
about this it was so cute smile I'm
bringing this is Harley and we ran into
some fan base Nick at the birthday party
a lot of birthday party - okay just here
to have fun with your family that's
awesome
Oh
yeah
what it's totally snowing here a ball
which is so rare and like hardly ever
given Oh around these parts of tables
y'all look at that are y'all ready to
check out the snow love it's breathing
check it it's it's come here come feel
it it's not like rain snow fall of 2017
okay let's go finish our games party is
about to end
we survived mommy doll three four kids
can you help me
oh is it good let me see you
yummy okay let's take a picture where
can we sit what's really like all right
Oh baby I love the truck looks awesome
oh it's so cold oh it's literally just
like flooding into the truck you guys I
mean I don't even have to do I got
already even get in buckle up Cynthia
whoa you guys can't drive yet let's
figure this out oh it's so powdery we
really never get snow here you guys I
mean very rarely I think not last year
with year before that we got snow that
winter and you guys have to see us
playing unit when we just got our puppy
Annie it was so cute
I know it's snowing good okay I got a
buckle up Juliet
everyone's cranky look good try it oh
yeah that's gonna put him in the middle
I can never get in I don't know if I can
do this or not
sandy got me with a snowball it's really
fluffy
it's so cold did some cold on my head I
think it is we moved over to bubble
bubble we just aren't ready to define
how much fun I'll check on the jelly
house if you have a little sewer your
face go yes I'm sorry she was had a
little skin tag to Bonnie okay hi girls
y'all look like y'all might watch our
Channel they need to do but y'all are so
cute over here he came out of the car
this time with matching hats honey
oh my baby's crying he's roaring aha
such a fun snow game yeah they were open
coffee jelly at the bar you like that
almonds Matteo what are you doing here
girl you got the he got the jelly up
there and spit all the other stuff down
you okay I'll take that now thank you
you're done it's mine I'm not one of
those paper towels like could I get not
yet with it daddy
please I called Sam and asked him to hop
in the car so I can run into the
surrogate since the pursuit so cold out
to make a sink tonight look we also got
our shirts in snow day I'm gonna wear
what it's like cool we're 17 to give a
shoot we finally got our samples I don't
know what took them so long I think the
person who is taking care of our the
campaign that we were running she ended
up quitting organifi or whatever and it
was kind of put on the back burner
forgot about so I'm trying to get them
to extend it one more week but if they
do we'll let you know
I'll keep you updated on that but these
are the shirts they're really nice it
says together right through the
snowflake and salmon ear right there and
all these snowflakes right here
are all unique just like you guys
there's only two alike and that's to
represent the twins in the world and so
this this concept was put together by us
with the thought of us as individuals
coming together and creating something
stronger and
a unified and powerful I see so Daddy
yeah can you see it on the camera
see she isn't happy her like frozen I
know
Tiffany loved Leakey outside I did not
know it was gone no that's funny oh so
there's like snow off left it around her
hey fat oh it's too cold sorry guys why
are you traveling you can this time now
you hear this time you can know only
this time wait it's not gonna break it
it won't break buddy I'll be okay come
on
well okay well
you guys can't tell we don't get to know
very often around here this is exciting
this would be the first time a couple
years that Texas got snow or this area
at least it's probably all go getter
this year it's not for a few years I'm
trying to get a snowboarding trip
together the thing is none of my Texas
friends like snowboarding so I don't
have anybody take with me I'll like meet
up Michael soon with one of his friends
and while the kids and daddy play out in
the snow it's writing get dark then I'm
gonna have much time out there I'm gonna
make some wormy yummy chicken noodle
soup a whole cup of chopped onions chop
up the celery I usually buy these little
tree packs and I just cut up all four of
them they come in a bulk it's already
and we last-minute fire-eaters over in
there friends hey yo and she brought
soup too
what equipment they were having soup for
dinner - so we're gonna yeah are y'all
ready are y'all hungry yeah having a
soup cook-off in here I've tried both
soups let me just say they're both
amazing I don't even know what to get
second so well I'm yours was good -
honey would you be offended if I got
more that because there's less left of
that one
no matter what there's no offense you
guys like the soup over here don't with
wrist crackers man it can't beat that
this is Tristan if you guys don't
remember they live two houses down he
came up with kids to play in the snow
just randomly all day hey you should
stay down soup with us and they happen
to be making soup too so we're having
potato soup and chicken to end our night
we're gonna play a little round a mini
round a few
in that I got this game burning in their
stocking we just now opened it I'm just
going to read a card to you okay and you
gotta give me some answers okay let's
see how we do you have exactly 20
seconds okay
name something that develops film a baby
breasts
like purity okay that was 20 seconds oh
that was not on there um I don't know
oh my gosh sauce storm oh that's born
when illness and flowers not to write
name and occupation whose members will
never admit they've made a mistake
doctors lawyers police officers vloggers
corners happen out here
president politician and a judge
politician of course comment of the day
comes from Kaylie Nichelle I want to get
Cracker Barrel that's what she said but
you get comment of the day because my
real name is Michelle it's a French name
on right Michelle Kayleigh Michelle
Michelle that's crazy I've never met
anyone where it's written out or
pronounce like your name's Michelle
no Joe I thought myself he's close
it's close to her name is definitely not
supposed to sign though definitely not
spelt the same that pronounced the same
on my Cracker Barrel is the bomb
alright guys don't forget we love you
remember to love each other
we're in this together
