good morning everyone how's it going
today good morning cause I'm getting
ready to watch Kade and Ezra again
Sandy's mother-in-law usually watches
them when she works at cuffin symphony
school but she just had surgery so I've
been watching them this week as you saw
yesterday or the day before that and
we're getting all ready for the babies
we have the piano
we have fluffy tummy I think that's what
we named this little guy fluffy tummy
somehow dog toys ended up in my baby toy
box this was supposed to be Juliette's
toy box stuff for my stocking
so here use your baby dolly oh your baby
purse we'll need that out while having a
playdate there you go I'm trying to give
Juliet tummy time every single day for a
little while she's been officially
sleeping on our tummy for a couple of
days now which means she is totally and
completely mastered rolling from back to
tummy so crawling should have an any day
although with a symphony I was totally
the mom that was like come on you can
crawl you can be a really early crawler
just feeling really proud when she did
something that was considered early or
whatever but with Juliet know I'm like
just wait as long as you want to baby
right you can crawl one day he give you
lucky mom get your purse you can get it
you train so hard
hello mr. handsome hello
they're both seven months old right now
which is a pretty significant phase for
a baby they are learning relationships
with objects like how far apart things
are and the fact that like maybe
something is actually far away and like
oh I I need to be moved closer to that
or I need to crawl to that if they're
crawling yet another thing is learning
my difference being distance put between
them and another person so like when
mommy walks out of the room julia has
been fussing a lot where if symphony is
playing with her and then suddenly she
goes away to do something else she
fusses like it's an instant little
reaction let's test it right now
she's watching me
well they could careless it's kind of
symbolic to our life as adults and
believers when we let ourselves get
distanced too far from the Lord we shut
to feel it we start to feel discontent
grumbly maybe whiny and just kind of
confuse like what is going on and that's
kind of similar to how I feel like the
babies react when you know their
favorite people their mommies and
daddies and brothers and sisters walk
out of the room or their caretakers you
know
oh you're sharing the job I do want to
see it so far show great job at the top
broke cute I think you put two T's there
who she's still gonna check mark how
about them now my thumb that was on
accident
the two T's we have to work on the XS we
need to be cleaning back we've been
working on Avila good day oh very any so
human psyche miss just one I'm proud of
you even though you don't get a toy
we're still really proud of you before
is your vacuum going for a little stroll
where are you taking it to the park oh
you are such a good vacuum owner hello
and somebody laughs at me guys
we're nanos gonna stay in the car or
someone to carry I love coming up here
to see Nana
oh good Bobby I missed you so so much
you know dog you sure walk up stairs
cute shuttle will you do it yeah are you
gonna try my beer goggles yeah oh oh I
didn't have my father mail yet they put
my phone in this is a coral cookie man
you like this one
take a look around if you want to
miscarry
where you can see it favorite oh no
mother could go down
we're gonna go down baby don't you daddy
can I do not want to do that again I'm
gonna ask him to make you save him you
know
do you see nobody in the sky so my mom
is taking down these fancy blinds they
have a really nice pattern I think it's
made from dust but it looks really good
can top that the dust or the pattern
these are the blind she's putting up I
want to suggest art blinds in the small
room comes UK for these bro buddy you
Michael yeah you do
I'm putting your balance up mom but I
don't know this is for like a little
cleat I was that for guys a little cleat
what you're going to go eat cracker boy
yeah I put my favorite question I think
is I don't think it we can go to cracker
bears too far can you pick another one
right there
yeah well I'm my favorite you had a lot
of favorites man Oh aren't you pleased
to do okay
why'd you change your mind could I open
my favorite went wrong
check it out every man I match yeah
are you guys okay yes sir kids menu
don't waffle the pancake I love Pole
okay which fruit do you want to come on
top of your waffle begin oh you do
cookies on my favorite candy you guys
never had a cheap bread stick at IHOP
looks good
how you suggest the chicken fried
chicken to the bread steak at Cracker
Barrel and I regretted it
guys let's kill your own food are so
nice thank you really good if you guys
were wondering also Stephanie said about
my mom but you get to say that's why
she's not here that's why that space is
empty
during several we got recognized guys
where's the name Jordan Jordan Maddy
hi guys out of the blog you'll be on
tomorrow does that kind of sweets guys
oh we have kind of an entire French
toast knows I go Sam do you want Sam I
pass it over like I really shouldn't be
eating this I was like oh let me just
take that back from you but he thinks
that because it's dinnertime
okay it can have although he's are you
cool he's just finishing my meal it's
food it's just sweet food like it's not
like sweet but you're not hungry I'm
home for that
get Abram peeking at those girls over
there oh you makin all the girls laugh
you think you're so cool back in your
New Year's resolutions don't you I just
I can hear you yeah Sam's getting ready
to go down this hill skateboard
see a sucker
hahaha just kidding okay mm-hmm
cold cold in the house no it's can 0z
it's comin to the day cemani how do how
do you do comment of the day PS I'll
watch you guys everyday
it's Kenzie Rose this is how we're going
to comment of the day tonight randomly
and that got come of the day Marianne
and me may rock this is common of the
day do still breastfeed Juliet yes I do
she does every single day three times a
day more than three times a day no
probably four to five be white seven
eight nine Tana well why don't you go
take a bath enjoy the pillow I got unis
talking are you still enjoying that by
the way yeah you're okay alright I'm
just go yes okay okay oh you thank you
don't forget guys we love you remember
to love each other
we're in this together
