hey during this morning symphony good
what's on your mind these days
what's on your mind what have you been
thinking about how gymnastics
you mentioned me making you a balance
being this one lucky no come on guys
auntie drops ending up at school and
then I'm off to reach her church why to
put together with Heath and Chris I
think is going to be there this little
backdrop of the stage what up he he's
doing most of the work as you can see
I'm just kind of directing so what we
have down here guys are plates plastic
plates paper plates I mean and yes
they're going on the wall don't ask me
this is all his idea I'm just kind of
doing what he tells me to do so right
now we're just kind of laying it out on
the floor to see what it look like on
the wall try and determine how much
spacing we want the next thing we're
going to do is a start type in my little
tube ease to the back of them so we have
a template here but over this and we
mark it keep your getting a spacer you
can't forget the spacer we ran out of
black plates do these are perfect let's
do this size the shape ovals are the
footballs they got all kinds of plates
look at this yeah look at these that
color would be nice quarrel Wow I don't
know why I ordered them do you should
came here I forgot you're trying to save
money right look at the prices like full
aside our difference yeah I'm like
working
well we don't have kidding square silver
plates of course and all the other
colors they have square but not silver
these are a different kind of black
anyway the probably yeah there are
different plates anyway they're not
going to match someone nowhere at Target
sharp on those great plates he's not
giving up on us all I see the circles me
oh dude that would look pretty sick that
that would look really nice I think we
do a bunch of these man that's gray it's
not perfect but it'll do
hi Stephanie how was school good
did you want to tell me something blood
you like now so big
exciting of course I do compact oh he
gave it to some to some of his friends
and up and I was like hmm and he said no
to me and you know what work
I gave him my dollar and then he gave me
a piece again he wouldn't give you a
piece of gum yeah but he did he did then
because I gave him a dollar yeah so he
made you buy the gum instead of just
give you one
Oh defend most people yellow cranky baby
julia is not happy while she's getting
her diaper changed unless she has a book
in her hand she really doesn't even want
anything else she won't settle for
anything but her books are you a little
reader are you gonna be around yeah oh
did your selfie book
you're cute our name realizes over he's
gonna play a board game with the kids
what are y'all playing hook a duck yeah
yeah don't know how to play that oh yeah
my you got to blow up the little pool
right it looks like a fishing net to me
are you punch I swallow and uh boom this
is a beautiful here cheatin I got it ha
ha ha ha I'm in jail baby you guys are
not doing it right you're not supposed
to use your hand dinnertime
I'm peeling some potatoes and Sam is
headed out to play with the kids outside
it's starting to get really cold here
finally Texas is getting a little bit of
some winter potatoes are boiling and I'm
getting ready to put my meat onto the
plate what is this called again beef
steak pinwheels I actually think that
might be mashed potatoes in the middle
there but it's not very much so
our other mashed potatoes will be a good
side but y'all should come in here oh
you couldn't find any gloves where did
we put your hats and gloves we have to
delicious the petal is been ranch entire
wrong but I do when I don't gravy sour
cream or ranch inside of them this is
her second one today her test is
actually tomorrow they're doing a little
more practice than normal right Symphony
let me grade it do a good job on your
pattern words you're going to look at
all the ones with an X and see if you
can fix it on your own got it
yeah well somebody's finishing up her
words it is 6:30 6:00 p.m. and that
means it's time with a little vide to
wake up
hmm did I startle you
Joyce I'm so sweet you guys don't even
know her cheeks are puffy someone's
fresh out of the bath are you ready for
dinner mister whoa you're like too cute
in your little house housecoat and house
shoes mommy denna no no no no spider-man
mommy
that's right things on what let me see
aah oh my goodness Stephanie's still
studying back there Sam's helping her we
let her turn into the teacher so she's
quizzing us and we're saying it slowly
sometimes spelling it correctly
something's wrong to see if she's paying
attention if we got it right or not
check out what mama made look at that
these are real mashed potatoes and
that's a real plate guys look is there
bacon in there Wow Aaron what is this
yeah you're not eating that oh yeah yeah
you put way too much on there buddy you
just put a little bit on it okay
there you can eat that much on there
yeah I want to hear something funny
okay I always hear from babysitter's
that when the parents come home um kids
act up morning and it's so funny because
when were we're separated like Sam was
what he was about early lesson so the
life and the kids were so calm he's like
I don't know what it is if you're like
it older I thought is it's our kid but
it but they're like that one on the way
to you said that they're calmer when I'm
gone - it's like when we're together we
like cause some kind of craziness to
come out what it is
Juliet why are you being the most
obedient you're doing the best job right
now you said such a good exam good
nectar it should be opposite she wants
to be good because you're being good
being obedient all right are we ready
Moses and God's people escaped out of
Egypt and into the wilderness they
didn't know the way of God knew the way
and he would show them the way it was
too deep they didn't have any boats so
they could set off this path because
it's too far they were drowned and they
couldn't turn back because Pharaoh was
chasing them we're gonna die the street
don't be afraid Moses said Jesus loves
me the Bible tells me so
oh babe can you please stop playing hop
skip smack whatever it is so we can do
comment of the day this is a different
one
this one's one my favorite basically
just get a ball and you hop it from tile
to tile see how fur can go with you guys
watching 104 okay alright guys it's time
for comment of the day I have it saved
over here on my phone should have like a
comment of the day song kinda like oh
here's the mower never felt it makes you
wanna wear more tell when it cuz you
wanna wet
nobody okay call of the day goes to
Olivia oh yeah by the way with a leotard
you don't wear leggings under your
leotard you wear them over your leotard
and you're not supposed to wear a shirt
at all during training I am a gymnast
just to explain it was freezing here
yesterday and Symphony was already in
ballet once so I did think that the
leggings go under the leotard however I
knew she wasn't supposed to wear a shirt
under the leotard it was just so so so
cold and I know she'd be too cold to you
know really get into it and this was
just like a warm-up trial type thing to
see what kind of class she needed to be
placed in like a tryout yeah kind of
like a tryout to see where to put her
and she's in a beginners class
like also just because everybody's doing
one thing doesn't mean you should do it
yeah and we thought she looked adorable
we loved it on her she did she was
comfortable she was warm and she was
confident she loved it you guys hear
that I love it
so anyways thanks for all the tips so
I'm glad to know that the leggings go on
the outside I really didn't know that
and this is gonna be a fun little
shopping experience you guys know I like
shop so I'm excited to get the kids
that about you know I think they may
know you like to shop at Walmart uh well
I mean they see how I dress I have been
a lot to an extent that I'm into fashion
I like to shop maybe not on Oh calm down
below oh gosh yeah Shopaholic or not
let's do a poll yeah okay guys I always
get the side long it's gonna be this
side or that side so now my stuff and
got it now I think it's right here cuz
the screen flip sorry yeah that to say I
was over here okay guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
Oh
but in this together
