happy Valentine's Day sweetie pretty you
can wear to school today
happy Valentine's Day Addie's right
whose name is in front of them they're
yours
for Mama
it's Valentine's Day oh thank you that's
yours I wrote your name that says Juliet
because that book is yours
normally get all these Valentine's Day
okay guys and now in true Sam fashion
I'm going to set up his gift that I got
for him or that I made for him he comes
home from taking symphony to school it
will be they're kind of nervous about it
cuz there's no comparison to what I got
him in the table it's all about making
each other things with our current
talents and hobbies so here goes nothing
she made a definition from our word
perfection it except anything short of
perfection out of deep love and
affection for one day that definition
well sort of I used the dictionary and I
asked you to describe it to me a couple
of different times and I wrote down what
you said I didn't say like that but you
said it's so like perfectly you kind of
said things similar to that so I wanted
it to sound a dictionary yes you're so
cute
and there's more there's more yep it has
been officially submitted to Webster's
dictionary to become a word what yeah
Juliet before we go on our breakfast
date you have to open your Prezi open it
this is from me and April what is it in
the kiss first you know oh very first
date we're going our very first day you
excited yeah
are you hungry good hi hi beautiful girl
hello
there you go baby daddy's got it she's
leading the way she's gonna run straight
to the playground yep there she goes
she gave it a big sniff dito you got one
get a pull a little handle
bye have fun
Hey
where you going
no you got it okay hello hello hello
first date did you have someone that
deep you ready to go bye-bye no you want
to go see mommy no you're gonna play
with daddy more what do you want
oh happy Valentine's Day I love you hey
guys it's our turn now we're getting
ready for our date but I can't wear
makeup you guys are gonna have to bear
with me I had some kind of I don't know
what allergic reaction or what but my
eyes are just killing me and so I'm not
gonna put makeup on them which means I
put it on the rest of my face you know
Hey
bubbies get all dressed up
are you ready laughs he buttoned it up
already yeah let me see you you did not
you too all right handsome are you ready
let's go get us some brunch oh thank you
so much I tried to get fancy for my guy
this morning the allergies are just
really hindering me up
how do you eat this thing it's like ok
Circle it up
okay put your X down wherever you want
it to go good job buddy and I'm gonna
miss nachos
oh my you went there with prettiest
beard very gently take this knife very
gently and you can scrape this on to the
spot where you want it I'll hold it for
you and you scrape it out that has
mustache or his beard that was his beard
now you have a must
we're back home Bubbe thank you for the
fun day I had a good time with you kiss
me hugs happy Valentine's Day
hey guys don't you think my look just
keeps improving yes the day goes on so
we came home and he was little kids took
him out and I took a nap with him Sam I
don't know what he was just up and out
here hanging out which I'm sure that was
nice for him too but I'm about to go to
traffic and the kids are awake now and
it's Valentine's Day and so I made him a
Valentine's Day treat so this is just
fruit i rinsed off all of the syrup and
all of the juice that comes in the can
with the fruit and then topped it with a
very little amount of whipped cream
which he can choose to eat or not and so
this is for him I got to go find him I
don't know where he went
maybe 60 just put on your date but yeah
you ready for your Valentine's Day
present happy Valentine's Day to you
happy Valentine's Day to you every dress
such a good job buddy not telling her
happy Valentine's Day
dear symphony apron isn't that cool
push it together like this first when
you scoop the cookies out it pushes the
cookie dough off the spoon bit
scoop it then you drop it on the pinion
o.b you tiful bee-utiful
so when you look at that want you to
remember that you are beautiful so just
be you you ever pick that one out for
you is that cool
as foodies watching you grow into a
little lady has been the sweetest thing
for us but you have always been my baby
girl
don't ever stop I love you sit me kick
gear a four day hey I don't even about
to get ready dude dad it's if I can
still fit in it sure okay a little snug
I'm sorry my picot would look good with
this hey Pete Pete's all right I'm
trying to work doesn't did you guys see
that
Tiffany looked a little bit shy when
she's reading my card but not
necessarily in a good way I thought
there was something there like there's
some kind of barrier developing between
us I'm not quite sure this maybe she's
seeing me more as like a grown man and
not heard a little not her daddy me Mom
maybe she's just nervous about the day
yeah
yeah she said cuz the door neighbor saw
his first reaction was I'm gonna miss
you hey that'll be right back okay baby
well the world breakfast day baby
shipping 13
that baby's not simply so I didn't
mention what we were gonna go see from a
mom because she really wants to see it
and I really want to see it too and I
think you would love it and I think it'd
be a perfect date for us called the
greatest showmen sorry honey
hazel over you I just really want to see
it was sent to me for shooting at the
school in Florida guys oh my gosh well
Valentine's night 17 kids if any of you
guys are a part of that our hearts go
out to you guys this is unbelievable so
what's the healthiest snack here which
one should I get I don't think any of
them are healthy enough to get I can't
believe I have to say no to Red Vines I
don't know
you know what I always said these our
food is our first ingredient Furai is
the first ingredient hi how are you
doing all right which one you want I
wanted a small so don't have fun
yeah 20 feet okay why do you need to pay
me
wow that was just hospital here it was a
game
I'm so cool it's a lot of ballet in the
movie too that's perfect right up your
alley
kind of a grown-up version of me do so
the movie was coming where there's a lot
of dancing there was like a bad heart
and in lead through the bat heart true
okay
