hey daddy what are you getting ready for
this morning dude go school why did you
want daddy to take you this morning kiss
you they pay oh that's a good enough
reason for me
top of the morning to you guys I'm at
Home Depot beef is going to be redoing
the back of our stage at the church and
I'm trying to find oh look at that like
that right there we got to get it done
tomorrow
so hopefully this will work the only
concern is that they might be too flimsy
yet eight inches but I don't think so
that's about it's about eight inches
right it's pretty sturdy and then I got
this double-sided black tape to mount it
how's the girl was doing not too bad
Julie it's not feeling good all agree
she has a little bit of a fever at the
forehead was warm this morning sneezy
and snotty she feel that warm anymore I
did this morning yeah yeah you guys feel
the same she just seems sick she's been
having a little outburst or pairing off
and I could just be getting a tooth but
anyway I can tell she's not feeling that
good
you know what's so funny guys I just
fixed my hair like that and I'm always
thinking like oh great now see who's
going to put that in the 2017 flashback
like now I have to be careful of how
what I think is going to edit it out of
the vlogs but anyways so basically this
morning I've been trying to balance
fussy baby and getting housework done
fussy baby is winning
as you can see I have my two inches done
my four inches my six inches and my
eight inches I'm sure you guys don't
even get exactly what we're doing here
but tomorrow we're going to be
assembling it all at the church so make
sure you come back tomorrow to see what
the final results look like so that's
the 8 inch mark and what I'm doing is
I'm just raising it just slightly when I
cut into it to make sure I got a little
a little angle in it
oh my gosh they're so cute
there tries so hard to touch each other
spaces y'all need to get closer here now
y'all can read each other better oh
gentle
oh man grab her mail oh my goodness this
is so cute
Juliet be gentle with that baby for
those of you who don't know accompany
tough sandy now were pregnant at the
same time with symphony and cuff not
with Kate and Abram but then we were
pregnant at the same time again with
Juliet and Ezra and there are only two
weeks apart cup and symphony or seven
months apart but they were still like
about the same size and doing this it's
so cute oh my goodness what are you
doing she's trying to like literally
hold him oh goodness
so cute sandy just left with her boys
and brought my little symphony home and
symphony we're about to head out
somewhere Greg yes do you want to know
where we're going
yeah we're going to your very first ever
gymnastics practice I love you look like
a real Jillian do you want to practice
doing a few bounces on the little
trampoline before you go when I watch
show me a stretch
show me something you know oh yeah go we
got practice come on I'm a gymnastic mom
no y'all
oh right there maybe we'll go over there
you
is that awesome I'm loaded taxi hop
wheel I don't see why not we got to get
you some spandex yeah come on pour it
come on you got it
so they're doing gymnastics
every Monday together how cool is that
I'm so happy giving this accessory he
said because it does in the pur do
gymnastics today
your gummies now nobody the answers
still no doesn't change cuz you cried
sorry we're going to go eat soon buddy
we're going to go eat soon buddy not
right now oh gosh he knows how to get to
him he knows the right face to make Oh
buddy stop that I do have money for food
tonight so you can eat not for gummies
okay
thank you what kind of soup it is no
Italian taco taco
so Mexican sauce can be right tell me a
meaning help open a little Bank got it
boys your high point today buddy
playing with Elijah god bless your heart
why my heart going
no wonder then what what you I put and
let y'all - don't you know you like it -
oh he picked it for us
April what you're no fool enough I think
you mean somewhere in the head yeah so
hilarious now y'all know what time it is
I know what time it is
music time to take a bath flash an
appeal oh no it was cuter the first time
daddy playing with our Barbies and play
with our boat tickle tickle
that's me she's any real baby food for
like from the store right now instead of
the stuff that I made she wouldn't eat
it it was like broccoli and a little bit
of something I don't remember see if
she'll do it
I've got both of them out that was mommy
spoon
if it's you didn't like it so it's
almost bedtime for the little ones
symphonies gonna help me babe Juliet
tonight and then we will finish up with
every time whoo oh yeah we do wheel oh
I'm so happy to see you acting she's had
a rough day today you guys such a rough
day Symphony is our Bible store you
picked out and ready to go yeah do you
know which one we're reading um yeah
which one it's call the Sun stop shaking
shaking signing the Sun stopped shining
before we get to our story we're in a
new comment of the day you guys are
gonna help me out with comment of the
day are y'all ready to help me out with
comment of the day oh yeah okay it comes
from Juliet McCoy so that's how Juliet's
helping because it's the same name she
wants to know Nia what is your natural
hair color do you know what my natural
hair color is Symphony No well what
would you say let's say Nick Brown black
I don't know okay oh hey bro my color is
mommy's natural hair color okay Zuma but
what color is my hair my natural hair
color is the color Abrams and about the
same exact color hair I had light hair
like Symphony was little but it's
definitely a little bit lighter than
this but much darker than the bond in my
hair and so yeah we will see you
tomorrow we're having another fun day
here at the Raider house
don't forget kick it kick it we love you
and RAM them
and to love each other bye guys
well your kid care
we're in this together
