good morning Symphony my little ladybug
you look cute yes it really well and
especially cuz they have come on push it
is Wow cool weird symphony go I can just
see your blue your I missed you everyone
missed you are you excited for school
yes giveaway oh yes we missed you Juliet
7 months old now everyone we're gonna be
birthday to Julie is happy birthday
we're gonna have to do your little photo
shoot today
hi Nana oh you look cute oh how did it
go with the kids Dora my kids I've ever
taken care of in my life oh you're
saying we're sharing wonderful oh so
sweet
we're definitely not this one yeah oh he
shot me guys this is what I like to come
the pantry and grab a laborer and eat
every one swallow these little turtles
drop it in the trash
look there goes no it's better to throw
away that crap instead of eat it that's
what I'm learning that's what I'm going
to go with this year throw it away don't
eat it I had some plans today for a
really fun vlog but rained all night
hey Oreo so how to postpone it or cancel
it all together haven't decided yet but
instead I'm taking Abram on a special
trip we're going to go exploring for the
first time if you guys are called two
years ago I did a 52-week challenge with
Symphony and I took her exploring at a
different place one time every week I
did a photo in a little I guess sa small
I say with it yeah okay buddy get in I
decided since Abram is 3 now I would do
the same thing with him just like I did
with Symphony which used to be real pop
I mean buddy
here's you can you can do it and this
exploring is about introducing him to
the world you know just to expand his
horizons
and to open his mind to different things
and it's also about me getting back into
my photography yay I got no ride a a bro
date yeah a bro date yeah everyone's
calling it a bro date whoa
mom to take this car road for the first
time but that's what got a full wheel
drive lichte you don't explore this
place your necks poor here I get out
along little by
nope sliding around see that over there
that's a river can you say river
yeah looks like mommy and daddy where
does this trail go doesn't know anywhere
really all right be very careful okay
don't fall in the river well look at my
tire buddy yeah oh you're gonna slide
here buddy no no you're gonna get your
pants off Ardi here hold my hand
stand up well we're a brave guy their
butts all dirty though really yeah it's
green huh it's moving really fast huh
you guys may be saying Sam you're an
idiot
that's dangerous man don't do it it's
not worth it but part of this
exploration process sure buddy go ahead
is to foster bravery and
sense of risk yeah you can keep that
little baby one well that's a big one
man when I dyed it in oh that's true
dude you want to go swimming
you can't swim you that little guy you
do that's great man he wants to swim
over there and get that green ball
this guy's a little bit too brave maybe
but I'm proud of this guy so brave man
we the airplane up there you got this
dude you're doing good I'm coming what's
up bro good
taking Abram exploring in a very muddy
area you did it and go this way you keep
saying I'm a brave guy but it's awesome
man
you are right guy wait slow down there's
a lot of water right here we got gonna
go in the water wait wait let me star
shoes I think it's too deep look at this
guy man
Yona feels teeth come here.come feel it
you're brave guy remember look look at
him he said okay
kill those teeth in there man
it's all yea very sharp man your ire do
what is that over there let's go check
it out
that's a huge seashell gonna pick it up
come here man let's look inside maybe
there's a pearl inside yeah let's see if
there's treasure inside you got to help
me you got to pull that side there you
go aye Abram
I see some all that o'clock correct
little bit little bit this is what I
even brought back two rocks and this
little seashell good is it Bo oh good
that's the cool one we found huh
hey you guys I'm finally home I've got a
really busy day say working at Symphony
school we have some friends over hanging
out Brittany and Matt and there he is we
have the neighbor kids over playing to
Symphony is playing with her little
friend hi destiny all right when do we
go to be a better writer on the BART
yeah I saw this funny yeah they didn't
see you
it was hilarious the double neighborhood
what is a heavy like it's a Harley -
yeah
we won
just past those new guys like we're 80
living it
perhaps Oh
oh dude you're a good rider should ride
more often together is this your first
time at Chili's you're going to love it
this is the first time we know we hate
that I fell and she'll know too long ago
Oh supposed to go got my surfboard guys
I'm gonna go surfing while we wait for
our table it's basically like a rip
stick it's called a rip sir about funner
here we go okay yeah whoa oh I'm really
doing it ma look at that it's like
you're really surfing is that cool look
at that guy's so cool
so smooth well what a hit yeah now Judy
and Benji Reese oh wow that's awesome
way to go Judy and Benji both awesome if
she was I when they reached their
$500,000 goal for dancin Burt we just
now saw it scrolling on Twitter
so cool you guys our table is ready
let's go eat everyone we just don't know
Juliet was crying over here silently
silent tears oh yeah ours when you're
trying to reach that here you go baby
give cheers to or chips this guy like
salsa Tiffany do you like to salsa you
better bring we got a really rare chip
here how she's sleeping dur than that
you can do it look at that beautiful
play guys let's just like the picture i
order don't take my barbecue what killed
my favorite Nastya Cossack if you like
done it in I retreat now but you have to
alternate plant sequence as a family
here she's not quite family yet but
she's getting there there's a ring on it
Oh have you guys ever played sequence
it's pretty fun game it's basically kind
of like tic-tac-toe bingo but it's five
in a row
and bingo coming of the day goes to
Morgan L why did you all change the
title she's referring to the mile high
club prank why do you change this hello
honey tell him I thought already funny
cuz it was a prank we pulled what was it
called originally every video is
regional just called snow what was it
put your wife going to get people going
into the laboratory in front of three
stewardesses what I basically just
described what we're doing I think in my
heart right yes funnier it's just kind
of a quick drink
we had three little kids come up to us
that dinner who recognized us and here's
I was just watching your vlog we're like
which one oh the mile-high club prank
we're like Oh see what
little kids they have no idea what
they're talking about this place like
but anyway guys yeah that's it they've
watched the blog you're like beating on
my window I mean everyone all right guys
we'll see you tomorrow don't forget we
love you and to love each other
well Matt you never get it uh-huh and to
love each other I thought she said to
him remember
oh it's doing to me and remember and to
love each other not me and remember to
love one another to love like to me to
watch our vlogs more than I'd watch you
I just watch like for last night Oh a
row we have a very complicated
outro it's on remember we love you no no
we love you and I remember to love each
other there you go alright bye guys
we're in this together
