what up fan to the beat to the egg to
the SI suit
hey guys doing we are hearing huh people
just started looking at the music oh
really
we're in Trinity to grow up Dallas the
big deal
we're going to meet up with Andrea and
Matthew for some girl big Andrea oops
even Abram crux me on and out
unbelievable
but anyway the kids aren't with us the
kiss stay the night with my mom so all
we have it we'll Juliet what's up guys
where's your skateboard didn't bring it
why oh how cute two little Santa elves
can we look at I guess this is where
Santa Parsons lab for Christmas come in
with me Matt it's really soft always
wanting to have reindeer to say mush to
them mush though the knowledge use the
jobs because like dad you okay we're
we're going to go eat guys hold on
treasure adoptions
so long as much here at she knows she
knows
yeah it's a mixture of Mexican food and
Chinese food in my Mexico little
narrative
Namie
why would you guys get the meatloaf what
grid Carib short plan Oh short rib
that's pretty short honey would you get
us barbecue Chinese barbecue which part
of this is Mexican the barbecue Latino
now in front of this another wife
you get the light oh the rice julia has
had a little attitude problem today
she's had this little look on her face
all day we just realized maybe she's
missing her crayons are you missing
brother and sister Mike is just boring
when they're not here home she doesn't
want to talk about it
welcome to a Trinity skyline trail--
this was a bridge that car just to drive
on and then it was replaced by the
Margaret Hunt Hill bridge which is right
next to it and there's little parks all
across it little play areas for the kids
he's approaching the top of the dome
will he make it or will he nosedive
don't pull a muscle honey that's what
she said oh look at that
well you can get it from both hand oh I
do have the portrait hangover huh huh
cat-like landing no it did hurt my back
of head who will have the smoother
landing oh whoa oh and you rolled and he
goes for the butt in the air you
mastered it guys good job
what about to fall asleep music funny
years who's getting sleepy that's a
chocolate person Bowl oh wow ladies
excuse me
got it it
thank you hide it
you're trying to convince me that this
will bar you can experience an
experience yes
I mean it's got six different flavors in
here that you
it's not all that once you taste them
yet
the bar salted caramel press
dried cherries makes not supernovae Wow
butter peanut butter yeah don't forget
the peanut butter that's probably harder
take the Katy Trail Mix bar supposed to
be life-changing honey you ready I'm
ready
he brought my mom here try one of these
and she couldn't just have one get two
of them for six foot six bucks each so
Wow hey is your life completely I'm
getting another layer and oh man mm-hmm
at this moment
oh wow it tastes better frozen even
we have champagne Ninja Turtle lavender
apricot mango habanero this one is
peanut brittle Sam these stairs hands
with cherry almond oh that's gonna be
good mango habanero hey I'll feed it to
you ready no you the whole thing
I'm not want to try this or is it spicy
very good yeah should men search by a
buy some chocolate chef in France for
years
oh well yeah oh my gosh coming I can
share this way so that one kind of hurt
in the back of my throat she's not sure
yet no one try it ready to see what I
went back and forth I got an upgrade wow
so pretty ascension in that way I got I
went ahead and got a toasted coconut
they were out of the other one these are
all hand-painted
this is individually called how they are
yeah Wow
yeah hemp became make everything here
this is a Japanese lime in chocolate
that's our prodigy zoo or kuzu let's go
see what our little fart Flanagan's are
doing I'm no kitty Hey Evren cried last
night on FaceTime me we call him
hatch mo hatch we hear some message what
I'm gonna get you on one throw you swing
like this ever throw here my shoulders
slam me down man
oh you just hit your dog yeah you just
do that on her look like you did made a
mum happy last night when he was crying
was me telling him in the wrestle him he
started laughing
he was like Georgia home Jerry I'm gonna
hit you that's not that funny but he
loves wrestling with him happy because
dog in his backpack
neighbor she has where to take the truck
home
I finally got angel adapter they had to
make it for me at hobby town my heart
feels complete my precious little babies
are home now fun run to the garage sale
we just got home and we saw there's a
yard sale down the street so we decided
to check it out oh you always ride this
around I see him on in a lot did you
outgrow it no oh a little motorcycle you
want to turn out no oh he wants to try
it out
yeah so so excited no baby you're too
little
oh my gosh look at this little man
Avram got scared it was so sad I knew he
wasn't gonna like love it but maybe he's
liking it now it looks like maybe he is
hi baby
and it's officially ours
go to the rescue Joseph and his brothers
were old and they died with their
children's children stayed on in Egypt
where they became a very large family
it's just us in the laundry guys comment
of the day comes from Savannah Merryman
hi Sam Ania today me and my dad were at
the car wash and I turned around and I
saw y'all in your car driving by and I
was going to wave but I just got choked
up and I didn't know what to do I just
wanted to say even though I didn't speak
to your anything I still got to see you
and that meant a lot love you guys
that's so sweet I also saw you I saw you
your dad was vacuuming out and the
craziest thing was that we were gonna
stop and ask your dad a question and we
were like let's ask that guy because we
were looking for something we're like
let's just ask that guy they were like
no okay let's just ask him no he's
vacuuming that's gonna be so annoying he
has to turn the vacuum off this just
crazy like you wanted to say how does we
wanted to speak to you guys we just
didn't want to bother your dad while he
was vacuuming but in our own little way
we kind of you know spoke to each other
from afar it's always cool meeting you
guys when we're out and about so don't
ever hesitate
say hi to SPC yes but anyways we'll see
you guys tomorrow don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other
in this together
