I'm taking Juliet on our very first date
breakfast a Valentine's party day this
is our 13th Ave together really guys
it's Valentine's party day I'm gonna
pass out your minions Valentines Henry
we picked him out yeah that someone will
have Valentine card for you too easy
look
wait oh I don't know we'll have to wait
and see go sit on the couch mommy made
you strawberry banana opener
your toes yeah yeah good morning
I wanna bite Jules I'm putting all your
Valentine's right in here and when it's
time at your party today you're gonna
pass them out to all your friends okay
and look put them inside this baggie and
when your friends give you Valentines
they can put them in this baggie for you
okay this is your Valentine's Day key I
have to hide special like holiday
outfits and Junia its closet my job
Abram will get it out and dress himself
in it like every other day so here's all
their Valentine's outfits see there's
buddies yeah my little heartthrob I
really love that honestly I just don't
understand why do they make so many
hearts for little boys that like feed
their ego is like heartthrob major huh
can't touch this I don't know I just
don't like that for a little boy yes I
bought it but it's because it had a
dinosaur on it the other one said
something like major hunk or someone's
trying to tell me something good job
good job good job
Wow good cleaner are you encouraging her
good job time to playback okay thank you
so much
hey mommy's cars in the shop so Bobi is
stuck with symphonies purple kitty cat
lunchbox today you guys have no idea how
big my heart feels seeing my little guy
feeling better all the way better
he's silly he's laughs oh but he's still
caught oh is that a fake you're really
all right Mike arrows are safely and
happily off to school I've got some
laundry going I thought I would show you
guys my very very very very late
Valentine's decorating that I've got
going on here
now that that is done that's really all
the decorating I did I'm here in
Abraham's room to pick out a particular
shirt and I'll tell you guys why here in
just a second but first I need you guys
to help me pick out the perfect flat
there's this one there's that one that
one there's that one there's this one
ooh this one that's a good one too that
one that one man some of these clothes
got wrinkly over the seasons that one
mmm I'm gonna go with this yeah that's
gonna be the one
I am doing a lettering challenge for the
month of February and it revolves around
Gilmore Girls quotes so I thought for
this Instagram photo I would make a
little scene from Chilton
I've got the plaid I've got the books
and the cooked everyone's home from
school and while daddy was going to get
him and get his handsome little haircut
mommy and jolzi we made heart-shaped
pizza look at that we had so much fun
they can make you make it took like two
hours it was really annoying process we
also made breakfast on symphonies having
like a Fancy Nancy Valentine's party
tomorrow so they're doing like brunch
with pancakes and breakfast food you're
working into your own mini whoa there
are worms we're supposed to be alcohol
let me see what I can this was be hard
there just got a heart-shaped two in
firm on them did you have a good party
the word cute Valentine's a little
running Lanie made brownies you want
this sucker okay Eko yes you're right so
I put it right here in case she changes
her money somebody's home from school
what are you doing packing the luggage
for me and not just any kind of oranges
what kind of oranges are they candy oh
yeah
what's up fan to the beat to the a to
the si sir every night well actually
just Avram got a haircut check it out
guys they didn't you didn't get it just
numb but he got a haircut today you're
just gonna cried and we just got done
shopping for Valentine's Day for the
girls everyone picked up something
really cute Jules thinking that's cute
puppy look keep going keep going it's
gonna keep going keep going
thank you guys it's a good choice but we
can't tell the girls about it all right
now we just need to go get some flowers
for Nia this is our 13th do you have
roses here okay cool so you want 13 just
like an arrangement of 13 roses just
getting it all set up what videos the
videos of you and a long time ago oh I
showed something needed to do that
Eric and I made when we're in high
school it's one of our very first
youtube videos the next time I think
that now that's it
big compliment because that was like 10
years ago
I should say more often no but I just
found upset of guys that are way more
than I ever have in my entire life and
it came right at a time when I decided
to go hundred three pounds I decided to
die because of the inflammation I've
been having him arrest my fingers on my
knees after I stop eating sugar and all
these inflammatory foods that it would
make a difference a lot faster and so
that's why I originally decided to go on
the diet but now that I figured out how
way so much I mean it's still probably
less than all my brothers though none of
us are fat but still I like you guys as
PJ we can't go just like anywhere when
we go for date yeah
all because my diet never could go
anywhere I just have to watch what I
ordered
so tomorrow this is our new I'm taking
Juliet on our very first date
Oh a breakfast date when you want to
have a breakfast and then Nia is taking
a brahmana lunch days yeah and I'm gonna
take Symphony on a dinner date and then
me and I are gonna come to a couple days
for a couple days and put too many chips
in there oh yeah I became old chip soup
everybody's bad so we gotta get her
stuff for the kids when they wake up for
battle today like this for Jules
I will phew no let's go to some candy I
got this recipient bee-utiful so got her
card got her this candy this candy we
got a really special cooking spoon so
cool and I got her a little apron I got
you guys matching aprons excellent that
was yours I didn't tell him over know
what we're shopping just for the girls
whoa
Valentine rides
I think it's important that we make it
to think that these presents are for me
though I can't give them for you
tomorrow for mommy you will yeah you can
just not with this stuff I got it I
don't want to come out and be like oh we
got a bunch of gifts for Valentine's Day
I was like I got you this because I love
you as your dad and the man in your life
okay well I have a suggestion just hear
me out okay
it's kind of my thing they they'll agree
but I always said it enough on birthdays
and holidays always no easy so why don't
you wrap your gifts for the girls and
give it to them on that date and explain
that to them yeah used together okay
okay that's good I just want to make
sure my girls know that I took the time
to go get them things to show them that
I love them and you know I don't just
play okay mom just bought us some more
stuff I'm just another holiday you know
all right guys that's the coming of the
day all right comment of the day goes to
live Lee Turner strangest family ever I
love it lol how do we strange cares how
people think we're strange you know cuz
I only know our family Oh few of the
families live I'm curious why do you
think we're strange I don't find that to
be a bad thing but I'm just curious
alright guys don't forget we love you
even remember to love each other what
are these for who are they for are you
gonna pass them in out okay then what
goes in here after you pass them out not
you yeah
