Merry Christmas it is so early guys
Merry Christmas it's finally here
Merry Christmas I'm going to come wake
you up and you'd be the first one out of
there my Christmas Oriole mommy's got
hot cocoa all prepared sugar my doctor
oh that's your little placemat for today
you want to come look in here oh is that
cool let's go wake up a room so you guys
can start on your stockings yeah
it was Christmas you get to open your
stocking you get you get to open all
your Merry Christmas buddy what you're
sweeping gently on the couch for a
minute I see yeah
cover your stocking I almost got yours
off mommy got it now I almost got a
bruise off there's supposed to be in
Juliet no I put that in there all right
- nail polish holder what is that I know
it's not a pooter it's a foreign for
your bike it's not sleepy butter that's
chocolate
those are chocolate coins cookie know
what that is that goes on your bicycle
and when you ride your bike makes the
airplane go well you got a little baby
back
this makes your bike into a motorcycle
well I bring this out at Walmart sweet
tarts shopkin sweet tarts
oh yeah Wendy's a bun cookie cutter
no that's the one you picked out what's
the same one across cookie cutter
Tiffany tell me you decide nothing
better just guessing about everything
gummy bear music note for symphony
I knew you would love that today I got
those for you maybe
yeah you make your own bouncy ball how'd
you know that bouncy ball
those are chocolate balls what is that
yeah turn it on here you go what is it
oh it's your own food go whore you Merry
Christmas
Oh beautiful scarf t really is that
really do do
Oh fine four-game family feud that's
cool
so you don't have to rest your head on
the bathtub anymore
it's a fancy little pillow at suctions
to the wall so cute tell me open my plug
and oh sweet awesome mobile charger for
you I can fill out something else we're
doing very good
oh man after loved one honey that's
beautiful so cool this is something
right now a headband or hat with punch a
hole in it
I thought you okay thank you let's see
what you are getting
Sam what must be at choking me
you're so cute oh I think so pick that
out sort of the guy who came out all
right I've got his name name he's not
ready to go for me okay I'm so happy
that you liked your sake oh sweet I
totally need some love so cute thank you
you're welcome
some makeup well it's a little peeler
yum button
okay Wow do you I love it beautiful
thank you it says on it best friend she
love cute there's one dime in for each
of them one for true love on vacation
Bobby so beautiful made me cry you guys
miss love are so sweet mommy made
cinnamon rolls
I have placemats they can decorate you
know just little placemats they can
decorate are you ready to open your
stocking you wiped out we you game
pronunciation guide to the most commonly
misunderstood words what's needed be are
not already okay everybody come on and
that is the extent of your stocking
because we agreed notice that's it yeah
we said no gifts and I felt like I got I
felt like I cheated are you such a
cheater cheer I say you know how
yesterday walk into the room no sleeping
and I said they're getting it sized for
you oh I was talking my we're really
resizing okay after way yesterday yeah
all right buddy let's see breakfast
first okay then we'll open yeah this is
literally about to happen guy
once that buddy I'm turning on an air
conditioner this morning man here we get
your socks on was your the sock she'll
have to do her stuff simply for wishing
to you that Merry Christmas prefers
Christmas
and how you like it people would
remember us miss Juliette over yours
doctor
Merry Christmas Merry Christmas
it's gonna eat it Oh God cute little
lipstick enough don't you plug them up
for you I'm telling you why Santa you're
wearing Juliet on her shirt today man
merry Chris Chris I see you baby open
your stocking oh you get new doll pick
up bunny darling go ahead you can help
her symphony triode you learned a buddy
that was Junu from Zootopia to you
it's shut about Tori it's Sophie it's
Sophie you can't stop with your daddy so
cute I will yell roles Jack al-adel P
appear so it's at either that fish ate
cold for her teeth L know what to do
with everything just putting it together
those who likes her Sophie she loves
children
it's for the best for the bad nothing's
got a family dad it's cool beer we're up
to church guys we're going to go to
church with uncle Matthew today cuz our
church isn't holding a service they held
it on Wednesday I'm gonna make up on
jewellery the kids get the open their
first present in the car any worms kind
of like pop on it that's the only thing
to really really ask for my Karen this
is from Uncle Michael Andre and coral
not that one
otherwise known as Mac oh well you
totally needed that yeah we could grab
stuff together
Oh oh my goodness
aunt andreia totally
polishing out stickers hi guys like the
makeup stand picked for me it's right
Wow
oh my goodness honey it really stands
out I like it it looks fabulous with my
ring so cool
got prettiest churches guys this is
Matthews church or it's their church at
our church Merry Christmas guys a method
matching and we do ever notice that you
don't know put in the comments who wore
it best
yeah who are best I have one button
unbuttoned up here he's got it like a
little graphically the intro wants me to
I like anybody know very Christmas jack
we're having some coffee before church
we decided to keep the kiddos with us
really have one class today with
Christmas just for Haven and Julia
you're right there with the setters with
the wise hand everybody in between this
is why Christmas changes everything
the gustl changes everything because you
see everything on world changes
Jesus is not do not hold on to the
wisdom of this world instead hold on to
the gossip which is making foolish the
things of this world this is Christmas
out here guys this is seriously
Christmas look like a beautiful spring
day crebbil either you want this or you
want a white Christmas right you don't
want anything in-between this weather
for a white Christmas that was Jeff
warned by the way that's my brother's
church and that Semmering was awesome
and like 20 years from now our way of
thinking today is going to seem
ridiculous is that crazy that's
something really deep to think about
okay he is never changing I was very
blessed by that message today
