I'm packing the baby bag for today we're
getting ready to go to my mom's house my
first Christmas
this was Symphony's bib from bebo Abram
wore it
are you ready gonna be those and have
your very first Christmas celebration
yes you are
there's something extra special about my
kids having their very first Christmas
celebration at the place where I had my
first Christmas celebration I think I'm
extra sweet and special some of my
cousins will be there that I grew up
with a think Sam you forgot to give my
dad's snowman frosty the Papa
Merry Christmas look at our little
Christmas angel guys hey she looks like
such a little princess T yes me made
this OPP cheese cake again
I love so PP cheese cake ever since New
START you got it go put it under
people's Christmas tree go put it under
Bebo's tree oh my goodness it smells
good in here
yeah you're done no oh I like it because
tree your dice them instead of slice
slice customize oh thank you for saying
oh you just want some in she doesn't
know that it 'once we don't we don't
have little O's I just come from Walmart
oh just a regular coke right here heroin
okay cucumber chocolate is all there is
yeah I love everybody oh no you do you
like my violet oh no peanut butter
Phoebe I was finally eating chew it
until everyone else was almost done and
she got Julie at her first present ah
baby what is that dude you got a drone
to look at drone nothing is awesome
Burbage you got a um just throw yellow
to go with that blanket you can put that
on your Christmas tree
uh-huh - Sam from deboned ball let's see
what we got here
all right PJ's can't have enough of
those spoon Oh what is this little guy
oh it's a level analyzer the tape
measure - look at that
a Home Depot gift car words of Jesus for
me that a puppet set what's Wow don't
lose your batteries you can't run it
without it huh would you call me - keys
I just want you this opening her present
from debo like a deep one even if her
feet yeah sure why this suit she won't
be able to wear oh my goodness
lay back this is Juliet
Oh way out again get it down Jeffrey
Connor attention Batman Jamie whoa it's
a fancy scarf honey
Shana used to wrestle I also got asked
out before somebody passed out do you
like it to bed set the feet you have to
hold Pet set I think that's a heated
blanket jingle all the way
guys we don't want to forget about the
simple pleasures of Christmas like
Christmas caroling I think we've gone so
far from that kind of thing that nobody
even does it anymore that's the one time
of year they can go up to peoples door
and sing about Jesus and it'd be okay
I'm really regretful that I didn't do
that this season I'm beating myself up
over it so when we drove into here
Tania's house this caught my eye right
here this space this space right here
was where Jimmy her dad used to toil he
grew tomatoes out here I remember when I
first came out here this was just
beautiful was covered in vegetation and
just vegetables and fruits and it was
incredible and it just got me thinking
about Christmas and how materialistic it
is everybody knows this materialistic
but I think we all need some perspective
and this helped me gain some perspective
out here is like nothing lasts forever
none of this stuff makes us who we are
not a single bit of it it all comes and
goes and just don't let these big
businesses tell you that you can find
your happiness or satisfaction or your
contentment and their product because
you can't and you never will and it's
just you know it's basically gone before
you even get so just remember that guys
this Christmas I drew up in your
presence that don't mean a single thing
they're meaningful and that who they
came from and the heart that went into
buying it that's the only meaning behind
the products that you get this Christmas
anyway I guess I'll get back inside and
stop jabbering dashing through the snow
in a one-horse open sleigh o'er the
fields we go laughing all the way ha ha
ha ha people I'm not your Christmas
carolling
dang ah this is what people got for
Christmas from me and I all that finger
what you see new mattress new bedding a
little massage - oh it doesn't work oh
wow that's her bed mm-hmm I can't stop
eating b-bros peanut brittle it's going
straight to my thighs hmm that's me as a
real mom right there that's her birth
mom and when she was 30
she bought Jimmy here a little kit like
this a little shaving kit is it like
this one Jean the one that you have not
just like that knob would have to be
able to brush in a mug and now Gnaeus 30
i'm almost started actually is replacing
it funny thing is I'm 28 she was
actually really she was funny no oh
inventing that's crazy dogs on code
rants I didn't even know that and I just
I just knew that he hadn't had a new one
in
since I've been alive so what you just
put this down in the bowl and brush it
up water and make a good lather that's
one of my biggest memories in my dad
sitting at the table lathering up his
beard with the brush is heavy I don't
know which part the best part of that
Christmas Eve was spending it with Jimmy
and Bo that was just they're awesome
people but look what we came home to
guys that one and half of this one that
was all the way up there and it's all
out so either blew a fuse
or a squirrel got it there was seven
squirrels in this tree I counted
yesterday or it got unplugged because
that right there is one hole it's on its
own circuit we're topping off our
Christmas Eve with hormones runnin a
brooms all-time faves no yeah
and in here we got some adorableness
going on here this girl simply got the
shopkins DVD she's been wanting this for
a long time we've actually looked
forward before at wall Mon Bieber got a
quarter are you can open your surprise
ones yeah how you do okay all right kids
time to go to bed when you wake up it'll
be Christmas I wish I could hang that
over their heads every night however
it's not really working you're wearing
that tomorrow oh just gonna be Santa
tomorrow we're gonna get to sit on her
lap finally she doesn't repay the favor
mmm hey Brooke one April 12 Christmas
you don't want to have Christmas okay
anybody come to a hug tomorrow
he got give me when he come to us
tomorrow he's gonna get you uh what he's
gonna what Danny he's gonna scare you
Santa's not coming buddy get up there
Santa's kiss and it skips our house yeah
yeah I'm saying about shaving my beard
get in there you know Turk good night
buddy I love you hey guys we'll see you
tomorrow for Christmas don't forget okay
guys we love you and remember that
Christmas is not about the presents it's
about Jesus's birthday Oh
we're in this together
