there goes my Camry my brother you are
my sister made by the same guy nobody
say
if love
got to give
and this together never years
lately when she's been crying like
really really really upset crying not
screaming not being demanding for food
but really crying she's been crying like
this mmm
her first word is mama it's happened
nothing we can do about it nothing we
can do to take it back or change things
it's just how it goes around here you
know
so you loves her mama and that's been
her first word let's check on the big
kids whoa whoa whoa Sam's getting good
Pogo oh that's the long as I seen you do
it and then I'm gonna add air to it
so go higher when I get better I bound
and when I get in shape yeah you know
what I mean and I'll be able to jump off
like stuff like this I don't know Oh
ignore me yeah what is all that row
expert came out of the Toyota here you
go
all right let me see you an accident
while not even in midair no stupid no no
honey it says slippery up here my socks
are getting wet come on up BAM basic how
are you guys today I'm excited for today
Nina I got some plans to do some
outreach in the town that we grew up in
and also we found a recipient for the
car she's on her way here she should be
here in about an hour I really wanted to
vacuum them out I was going to get it
detailed for her but the detail shop the
local detail shop here is completely
booked but before we get to all that
guys I do want to encourage you to be
thinking about a specific group this
Christmas and that is our veterans as a
retired ER nurse I remember how hard it
is for veterans to
get health care to get services just it
feel it felt like to me the service was
almost rigged against them that's why
I'm really happy and very honored that
today our video is sponsored by the
Wounded Warrior Project Wounded Warrior
Project org where their mission is
simply to empower and honor wounded
soldiers that connect families and the
wounded soldiers with programs and
services that are available to them that
help address the needs of mental health
and physical wellness the career path we
just want to help get the word out we're
going to have a link in the description
if you guys want to learn more about
that just click the link and go to
Wounded Warrior Project org where they
and their supporters believe that
soldiers already paid their dues on the
battlefield
I'm gonna get you never easy to become
attached to material items and this car
was one of the things I got attached to
because of what it meant for me I've
always told me that this is a car that
humbled me and I'm now I hope it'll help
somebody else it's not horrible but it's
not like you know what wasn't my window
alright she made it guys this is the
recipient of the Toyota Camry Marysol
fan basic here right at our house we're
happy to give you the car
I just got it registered the tires are
brand new I just vacuumed it out for you
for the first time ever I've never
vacuumed this car before isn't she
beautiful
yes this car means a lot to me I really
never owned a car oh cool Congrats this
is a good first car there's a little bit
of rattling under the hood for that from
the struts but it's been doing that for
like 10 years so I wouldn't be too
worried about it the gas cap it's kind
of tricky to get open you got to just
kind of grab it she's having trouble
breathing yeah I wish you listen to a
word I'm saying there's the title in the
application Dave just take that stuff up
there um they'll help you get temporary
tags the tax office eyeballs mice
nightingale to meet you too
oh okay so what are you doing for me oh
you know how old are you 21
oh cool what do you do um I won't get
Burlington and I just got a new job at
acceptance now okay cool
it's part of like we're in a center two
jobs yeah and they're about to transfer
me further and I was like worried
because I was like I don't have a car
I'm gonna be walking like 50 minutes
like does that's my car I was probably
taking like 30 minutes
oh you're walking right now to work oh
cool I'm glad you have something's too
cold to be walking around
that's a great heater in a great
air-conditioned the radio doesn't work I
think it's just a fuse I never did pick
that I just got an oil change on it
that's good the inspection passed
inspection the seats go back if you
won't take a nap in between in between
job it's a cozy car it has taken us a
long way I really love this car but I'm
proud that I'm able to give to a fan
basic thank you
and he seems so sweet it makes me extra
happy okay get in the driver's seat
congratulations this is my official
signature when we got the bar and not
special anything it's just for fine kick
by Camry we'll miss you
that's Judy's car the kids are going to
be sad about it that they're missing it
yeah we're saying bye to our camera oh
there it goes bye Camry
that's the only car that we've had
through all of our children being
newborns uh-huh we're moving up moving
on
Abram wasn't a newborn with a pieman
even only Julian was I was kind of sad
but it's sweet it's a bit exciting
meadows it's still in the family the
car's still in the thing yeah the fan
basic we are on our way like I said we
are going to the city we grew up in
wells born dancer both graduated from
there and we both have a heart for
families because we both grew up there
and somewhat need families would you say
that about yourself
Mia can't really say that but I can we
grew up in a very needy family
especially after my dad left things got
really tough
and ID and I'll always remember that
always remember where I came from and
I'll always have a heart for other
families and children and so tonight
we're going to start a new tradition of
paying for random people's groceries
didn't bring the littler ones with us
juliette mainly for me because it's our
first time doing this I want to make
sure it goes smoothly and I want to be
able to really I don't know make a
difference in the way symphonies
how do we handle ourselves we just I
want to make sure we we shine a lot of
Jesus the best we can
welcome to Brookshire's
all right honey start scoping this is a
nerve-wracking thing to do okay you may
not film it but for you though for those
of you who think we're doing this to
film it I do want to reiterate I want to
iterate some people say you shouldn't do
good on camera you shouldn't film
yourself doing good things and my
response to that is so it's okay for us
to do stupid things in film at us to do
our daily things and film it but when it
comes to doing good things and spread
spreading or encouraging people and
helping them find ways to help of people
you shouldn't share that that should be
kept secret I'm just I don't believe I
don't believe that and so we're going to
take you long ago
you really this is where we going anyway
hey guys
you
goodbye ago
yeah change of plans
that thing go as we expected a bit
harder than we thought
yeah I know it's gonna be hard getting
out of your comfort zone comfort zone is
always hard so we're gonna do things a
little bit differently we're at Walmart
now we did end up helping a couple of
ladies and lots of dinner they didn't
have a lot of groceries and so I did
that one I was so nervous yeah that
server I can but it's cool to get out of
your comfort zone no that's what he
wants us to do begun so we decided
instead I'm giving people the option to
tell of disco we're just going to buy
gift cards and pass them out they don't
need it
these ones are perfect even baby Jesus
is on it that's pretty impressive that
Walmart has gift cards with baby Jesus
wait is he even there
we bought you a Christmas Merry
Christmas
Merry Christmas
alright look let Symphony do
Merry Christmas god bless
oh I was so sweet
I had just been a day on here's this way
you don't hug you sweetie
she recognizes us thank you so much
yeah she's so sweet just because I don't
wanna miss a moment now mr. Collins what
mood Santa high school chemistry teacher
right here Symphony he was our teacher
when we were in school
Wow so he car for you no no you use her
now but God is telling us to give it out
today whose time I get to just know dude
man that's cool it's mag tastic gets
comment of the day she said I had a
white alpha not my school the other day
I got a potato in the jar with a fork
class even is that who is a potato with
a fork we all do I know you don't you
potatoes work uh-huh anyway haha yes
Lauren we don't forget we love hangout
and remember to love each other
we're in this together
