hey guys how's it going I just got back
from the gym and play race yeah
cuff and Cade and Symphony playing
trouble hey hey hey you did your teeth
get me new DP - it's probably no really
I can't crawl I tried when Sandy told me
he was crawling backwards I think I see
what she can do
she's just not going everybody here is
what we are about to attempt my little
snow bunny is here to help here I mean
okay I'm a bunny princess there's no
bunny friend us
okay
really really really good you're all
this don't put it like all right it is
done that looks delicious you can kind
of tell little craters in there where I
didn't get the dough perfectly together
but it's okay good evening fanbase it
we're off to a gift exchange or rgc I
try to do superhero
oh cool so guys this is Bronco and crazy
sweater coming up we also have a tree
over here this is where the tree over
here is a history and this is the
what you got there the kids are making
over here so honestly number one will go
first and then number two will go that
person can either steal or get a new
gift if the gift is stolen twice is
locked
number one will go at the very end it
can pick from any gift that's not long
thank you you seen I just made a trade
on 18
she got 14 how many people are there bug
gets 18 plays I got 18
yes I got the last one the very last you
want the last month is you good to see
what everybody bracelet and a knife well
but you could say your get the same
because nobody's gonna steal that Mike
your man congratulations
you gotta go go go nee go that's cute
that's
who brought that could be better but not
bad
it could be the puter but I brought the
praetor so my strong again this is me as
good Sonia Braga what'd you get what'd
you get man you can record your own
message this is what I would have got if
we had imitated a seizure
what is that Lucy yeah yeah get it right
Lily or your sticks she'll Estonia socks
and coffee mug there you go she'll give
it up Isaac that now belongs to the
Raider family I'll pour Isaac negative
space is like could buy a little clumpy
Proctor
you can't stand it no you can sisters
give so sister good still no again
what'd you get honey what'd you get
hey bruh help mommy
double chocolate and it looks like
that's all you got
I believe it's my Trevor let me see what
I can steal don't want to Santa party
you know I don't you're right I just
want some kind of candy you got oh wow
look at this I'm not going to get it
only because Mia send out - sure take
this back from shell honey do you really
want it do you really want it I'll do
that for you
she doesn't want it Brian would you get
and it's too late I really like Isaac's
in my hands Oreo stick oh shoot it broke
them all
I got Oreo sticks and you can't have any
no way these are mine how's it gets the
last year
you got sneeze baster risin all right
you got lotion away from getting the
best gift to the worst this is what Nia
made six delicious whoa
the good Nia maybe we'll cheesecake some
appeal new these things were precious
and she thought about him often in on
the eighth day the new ending Jesus
it's um pretty insisted that she need
those cats sleep tonight oh my goodness
what side is this I see oh my girls
you're gonna make so many memories up
there and be to'd see I'll meet you at
the top of the coconut it's Lawren peace
and love my family has a tradition when
we don't put up our stockings until
Christmas even I wonder if you guys have
any traditions PS I love you guys
actually we do not currently have any
consistent family Christmas traditions
that we do I had some growing up I'm
sure Sam did too but nothing really like
rolled over as a tradition into our
family but come back tomorrow and see
something that we plan on starting as a
family at Christmastime and hopefully
all through the year we definitely want
to start doing some things at
Christmastime that we've never done
before that we feel like it's missing
from our family and our celebration of
Christmas I'll come back tomorrow we're
gonna be doing some cool stuff we will
see you there don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
we're in this together
