ah yes you here you want to grab it
again she really likes the purple one
huh in this together good morning
everyone
we are having some hot chocolate
this is Symphony's first day home from
school technically it's already been so
great we got to sleep in this morning I
did especially Sam got up with everyone
me and Juliet didn't have the best of
nights I think she has a tooth coming in
she had two that were coming in already
but I think one might have puck there
haven't been able to check out she's
hungry Sam is spewing coffee today
crazy boy the drink of Mia's coffee as
soon as I took a drink I had a sneeze
develop though gosh I couldn't swallow
it because it was that bad I tore open
door right out after up and roll I heard
it I thought you was throwing a person
is so weird it's like Sam and I are
running a quick errand to the bank Julia
and a trimmer nabbing aunt Stephanie in
Symphony our reading kind of bummed he
needed me to go with him I wanted to
have some girl time that Stephanie and
Symphony it's really quiet in the house
I know cuz you said you needed me so I
mean Lord but while it's on camera and
Stephanie and I want to go get our nails
done what do you think can we do that
when we get home I don't see one huh be
cool what do we get that Juliet girl
camera yes actually no I don't want you
guys guys Texas weather is insane yes
sure was absolutely crazy and out hot
outside I'm a layer to my shirt I'm so
hot I'm crazy anyways let's go take care
of something or Euros water it was a
solid piece of Isis are you ready to go
have some girl time
look at this bundle yeah she's come in
look at this bundled up baby you're so
warm
he's got mittens on her hands alright
guys I figured out why this tailgate
opens from the side I have a photo shoot
today I just remembered you got to drive
an hour way to go photograph a menu so
you open like this so you can get to
this very handy compartment back here
check that out
look at all that space in there and so
I'm going to put my photography
equipment in there so it's not rolling
around in the cargo space my whole
camera case in here let's face that is
awesome
my reflected in there and swinging it
open that way you're able to reach in
here so you don't have to lean over the
tailgate to get to it all that that's
cool
I decide I'm gonna take Abram as my
little assistant let's get dressed
little buddy he just woke up from his
nap I have to take pictures of food okay
he's your flow and us girls are gonna go
shopping take it stuff to the outlet
mall here in Terrell and maybe go a
Starbucks and get a treat now oh it is
cold huh alright let's go go walk over
there to that cafe
good day cafe hi Jeff honey I missed you
I love you you're so cute insta miss you
outlet guys get Stephanie said she loves
what I'm about to show you I don't know
though you should get it you look here
and a hat no way oh my gosh I can't stay
on my look
you're so funny you're so cute oh I like
it on symphony I thought you're going to
be at my assistant pancake so first I'm
gonna be photographing um these pies I'm
using this light to get some uh what's
it called
I forgot my part until it's been a while
for rim lighting this is for my rim
lighting and I'm using just window light
from Obermeyer guys we're just walking
by out here and I notice how adorable
this Levi's marketing is let me show it
to you that is so cute isn't it doesn't
it make you just want to go in and buy
everything they have she's waving it
everybody that walks by here comes I
mean I bet it'll make him smile there he
is
wave at him
Oh Joe Oh
at San Diego Clarence scarves and stuff
yeah probably after Christmas do you
like that why I'm picking up the price
being Sam because well maybe this one
would be my style it's sparkly how'd you
get it off the rack there oh let me
figure this out I'm thinking about it oh
it turns up that's what she wanted after
all she likes everything that shiny
should not have come to the shoot hungry
so to keep food looking fresh when
you're photographing it you got to do
stuff like this I'm vlogging knowing Oh
there looks fresh can't blog with you
guys now sure well I was like sure Rose
is like I'll be I'll be famous now this
is knowing other guys you remember them
I introduce you know even for now but
they basically got me through college
how many get where I'm at today well I
worked for you for like six years
start at Will's point when you tear up
the question like 17 years old we just
started working yeah we're always crazy
mad at me a few times you better make a
body fuck you you remember ever get
really mad at me
I remember complaining about the air
conditioning it was like fine here and
you're like get out of here ya know we
junior here yeah Abrams new best buddy
hi guys
girls what's your names come on don't be
shocking me on the blog I do what you
gotta watch it all right what's your
names your name what's your name's
Melanie Sophia who's your favorite on
the show Stephanie's your favorite what
about this guy is pretty cool you like
me I like fighting you what fighting me
yeah the boys are back and Abram opened
an early Christmas gift for man
Stephanie it's a gingerbread one I made
a gingerbread train sure did
let me see this bud is one side attract
in one sides a parking garage we're
gonna stay in the wedding room Oh
Symphony she helped him open it up she's
kind of taken charge the boys ate
without I said we made a delicious meal
we're having brown rice and quinoa with
guacamole and stuff's adding seaweed
she's trying to talk me into having it
tilapia and Greek yogurt with fresh
salsa topped on on the top that made no
sense but anyways we're also going to
have some steamed veggies from yesterday
add that to our plate and stephanie has
been talking about this brown rice and
guacamole and she got here she's on a
holistic diet that is how she is
preventing her cancer and helping it to
shrink hopefully God willing it is so
which says it is she's been telling
everyone about the diet everywhere we go
she talks to people about her diet it
seems like so
here's people cat I think that's awesome
people don't know because nobody knows I
mean there are some people because I get
surprised
come on you know 30% of people I mean
agree with me and I have read a lot on
it whoa there big splashes what do you
think of that aunt Stephanie what that
although splashes what do you think of
it that's a verbal of course that's am I
supposed to think
I don't say so dad I want to say you
want me to nothing no outrage
he's already later we're back now yeah
she looks cute when she goes under oh
yeah so your boy wonder why I have a
silver hatch is on Oh oh I'm sorry sorry
oh sure to make you comment up day goes
to Sierra O'Brien every called aunt
Stephanie and Stephanie so roots
estrogen kiss I'm it's a heartbreak guys
is there any way of me sending it to you
guys
Sammy is my neighbor this is my my
youngest sister by way of my sister and
she's also a twin I used to change his
diaper
that's why embarrassing name I did they
were wonderful kid we're building
embarrassing to the wall comment tell me
some embarrassing see if you can
embarrass me boss I can when he is potty
training and number two training said
cause yeah
you hide behind a tree out the front
yard to it moving is underwear whatever
no well you're being trained your beer
supposed to hang better but only you
would hide your stomach bad those me cuz
you need you're guilty sandy yeah you're
Barry spinner you did it Michael Michael
proof in it what are you in hi
okay it's probably Michael Michael she's
a twin too by the way she's a 20 mile
Wow doesn't you hear do I like I like it
too Wow outer space control baby troll
she the Martian it's how you rinse her
hair I try not to get in your face
you're waiting hey gotta get used to the
water in her thing just to be scared
like I have it I just do it slow I
haven't been protecting her from it so
cute just what better for her kind of
should you try to 212 good thanks for
joining us today guys we're gonna do
some reading time we'll need a feed the
baby and the kiss play mommy please put
toys away a lot of people emailed us
about the car tonight I plan on sifting
through all those emails for local
people unfortunately guys I don't know
how we're going to get the car to
anybody that's outside of our area thank
for everybody who wrote us sorry about
your situations will definitely be
praying for you guys soon we'll announce
the winner of the car Heart recipient
we'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you and
number four
we're in this together
