whoo it is cold out here guys come on
not because I'm a snowman that's exactly
why it's cold out here cuz you're a
snowman oh man there's ice and Oreos
Bowl so it's pretty cold out here today
come on you guys we're off to church
check out my Christmas my sister-in-law
Audrey and blank andreas we all got
ready and 25 minutes tops
I had a little bit extra time I woke up
before everyone about 15
like rushed out the door somebody's not
used to that fast pace are you feeling
it's a freebie
right here taking office I can't take
the cold car was the color
you're warming up too handsome
where you
me
somebody's taking our first driving
lessons here in the parking lot at
Walmart just doing such a great job
you're doing good sweetie pulling around
a truck up go right go right
all right that's why you hit that truck
keep turning it I'm gonna catch ya you
got this straighten up the wheel now
straighten up the wheel there you go
we're gonna Park up here with your mommy
up here
okay I'll straighten it up there you go
right there
good job sweetie we can't park here
oh oh oh we just got in your way we just
got in his way
she's driving so it's the first time
she's learning there you go in
guess who's here guys Uncle Matt you
Uncle Andrew and Stephanie aunt aunt
Raya hi Hannah ja miss you both
everyone's correcting you he said her
name not aundrea it's Andrea so drew
yeah yeah I did
I'm in Andrea okay you guys were asking
what we did Christmas the other day
early Christmas that's what me I called
it but we're letting the kids up in the
present everyday because they have
something to guess and they're about to
open the gift of the day really it's
extra special tonight not for you Andrew
kids only oh right yeah I guess you say
I just included in there what what the
kinetic sand it's magic sand nobody like
it doesn't stick to your hands but it
sticks to itself you know these are see
them on video oh my goodness the new
ones come with little babies oh yeah
there's a horse you're right it comes
with a pound of sand all-natural sand
completely naturally that's all full
pound that comes a little tools for the
sand it looks like green the beach to
your house it feels like wet sand but it
doesn't stick to your hand it's so cool
like Bobby oh my goodness that is if you
go with patrol oh my gosh just turn it
off and like see where it lands if you
start it in a different position does it
rip them off
as you can see everybody's wrong choice
Oh Thank You counsel so deeper well I
didn't know that part of the thing how
you get them all now to do it they don't
really run in a circle but I guess you
just gotta got to help them a little bit
hey you can't leave look at our leave
Avram hey that one that's giving I'll
look at the little swingy over there a
battery than anything on your mark get
set go
looks like your horse is doing the best
oh this one actually woulda one got into
cheated now that went into sub drill
Tiffany I got the horse a gallop watch
you disagree I know you guys are having
fun so I got some great news for you
guys it's fishing and Ranger and Matt
really a lot of toys you guys as well
can get 20% off these toys when you
click in the link in the description and
enter spin fan 20 man 20 guys 20% of
been paid 20 beef is a spin pain yes you
can get this 3% off a single item when
we go to the website and this video was
sponsored by Spin Master so thank you
guys very much can everybody say Thank
You Spin Master master
y'all let's go get some grub huh yeah
it's a monic you you're going in the
trucker with mama
yeah man all the boys are in that truck
and all the girls are riding in the
Honda Pilot so fun what a fun
last-minute little outie we're having
all right buckle it out up girlfriend
come on ant staff girl cards yeah I like
the girl car I like I like a girl car
car thanks Matthew
boy thank you I could take out in here
yeah guys the muse on me tonight oh it
is yes sir cancers wow you you had to do
that oh I don't have been here nothing
you're supposed to give a penny back
good job they're having an inside joke
right now just so you guys know it feels
on his damn camera yeah yeah it's off
your cutie guy sorry I really can't do
this I wish I could but I can't we're
sharing two pounds of brisket that's one
pounds over that's why our brisket you
guys a clue the barbecue on it oh you
don't weigh the barbecue oh good that's
a point to point to 1 to 22 pounds what
are you trying to do here man potatoes
potatoes not ice cream drinks my school
comes after the milk okay don't try to
sneak some in your drink we're not
having root beer floats
they got ice cream comes with them
yeah well then for water with your I
shouldn't worry
hey reviewing some mashed potatoes oh
come on don't poke me just put it in my
mouth so I could put it in my belly
no she really doesn't get fussy like
this and she's really hungry yeah a
little bit
have a nice day my baby powder or proof
cuz its Warner here just baby you have a
car like breasts like a baby right there
we've gone back on feeding Juliette any
fruits so we're under vegetables
probably for the tell when is alright
that what we're going to do do not mess
the stick to it already went back maybe
she wouldn't eat the avocado and I have
I don't think we just I don't think we
fed her just vegetables longer get it my
soup me
oh you hurt your Symphony that you come
up with that her symphony yeah Symphony
I asked her she hurt her heinie or her
Bologna oh and she said no I hurt my
Symphony all right
stop stop stop stop no I don't want to
twist you these are more stable as a
better foundation in the twisty one yeah
looks like our gonna win again guys
didn't win last week actually Tampa
Bay's catching up so Stefan will come a
day guys we just want to thank all of
you were glad it looks like most of you
guys was left by what we did yesterday
and again we give God the glory for you
know us being inspired to do that he
gave us that drive and he loved us and
makes us when I love that
and so coma Degas all right thank you
guys I just like video we'll see
tomorrow or forget we love you remember
of each other
but in this together
