Merry Christmas guys we are at mardell's
today is going to be a different kind of
vlog we have an idea to go out and share
the gospel and just kind of demonstrate
how good he is and how loving and
generous he is to us and more than just
financially God has just blessed us so
much shown his love to us he's just
shown me in so many ways how He loves
and adores us as his children and
continually you know calls us and tells
us I love you I want you and I want to
share that I want to share that part
right and what God does to us he want to
do through us and so tonight we're going
to try to do what he has done for us so
we're looking at some gospel tracts and
we're trying to we really want you to
get something that explains Christmas
that's a good one is there about people
like debating that don't waste your life
this might be kind of cool just
christmas-related quest for Julie
request our joy that's a good one and
it's John Piper just get those three for
now we're in Mesquite Texas and we are
looking for a gas station and a I guess
in digit in digit area digitus do you go
hand out some free gas to somebody
we found a Valero this is where we're
going to start and we're going to hand
out this gospel tract here quest for joy
if you guys want to read it open it up
real quick so you guys can see this
what's going on in this gospel trash
Everage why you got to take a trip
you guys have sent a problem to pump
your gas where you trying to start so
much luggage here I wanted to run
express our love to the people that's
right
yeah
mesti√ßos and work they took three bus
by Ezra Shore
hey donut Merry Christmas with my you're
gonna cast hope you find the joy of
Jesus this area
but even here we wanted to do the main
portion of tonight and taro that's the
town we live in and some blessing local
people with their Christmas gasps all
right are you all bar gasps what is it
these people are turning it down I'm
trying to have to pull file people and
just grabbing people at random giving
them a gospel tract and asking if I come
to guests for Christmas but the last
thing people turn me down and they said
no thank you
and I kind of understand that because I
probably the same way so I understand
some people turn us down his lady right
there yeah mr. season takea taking you
some free gas from the kia here's a part
I do want to do this in the truck for
joy
I just helped you find a break because I
would see them so much like I set up
your chart by the law
case 11 news Barrett Cruces man can you
give me a favor let me buy your gas I
want to throw up the thing for you man
first read the little man he took them
so much in me to share just want to get
back can you just read that I've had so
many struggles throughout my entire life
and this year it pretty much delivered
me from them completely restored my
marriage
a favor let me pump your gas for
Christmas to pay for you but you just
pick the car and I'm going to play think
up
you're on a popular
you're thinking to see who is in that
van but his three ladies an older lady
and her two daughters and she was very
blessed by getting the gas is really
cool as she said somebody had actually
bought her that fan or gave her that van
last week or something like that so
really cool God's trying to reach her in
the car
you
can I buy our gas for Christmas I want
to buy your gas does God has blessed me
this year I want to bless somebody else
I'm sold out for you so much love man I
didn't want to struggle up we know what
man damn thing
nor do you do
I meant to give you one of these but I
was out of them
what's the joy man all right then ha ha
I'm just about to get her but she did me
told you to go faster honey gosh but
your spriting legs on some work for me
this year
oh no but there's someone that's worth
more than I do I know but I'm gonna hear
mrs. micawber oh my gosh in your car
yeah I mean here's the crazy thing
it's been about three times the last six
or seven years that I have I'm talking
like this coast is given up and somebody
that assumption for me like this it just
out of the blue it's like he's trying to
get you hair
hey what's up I want to buy your gas for
Christmas
now you gonna buy Margay uh sure you say
you are yourself how do you know where
you cuz I'm from wheels boy like you
there's nothing we can't do to get his
favorite justification he's gonna love
us of any work so for your collateral
that last one was really good that was
PV a guy who went to school with my
little brother and if I'm not mistaken
he had a little tear in his eye is
really awesome guys that was just so
much fun I'm done for the night but
we're definitely not done doing this
right we aren't even brainstorming ideas
thing we can do yeah doing this again
giving out and continue to bust people
at the gas pump you know if you're
parked at the gas pump offer to
something next to you just to express
the love that God showed you we'll see
you guys tomorrow God willing don't
forget we love you remember to let each
other
