wake up wake up I have good news just
resting them we'll do it otherwise I'm
learning surgery good morning guys I'm
starting my day bright early with a trip
to the gym Juliet hey do you want to go
bye-bye with me okay she's ready to go
immediately wake up wake up I have good
news
wait guys I don't have a prize guys
guess what Juliet just walked to the
bathroom and said mommy potty potty I
pulled down her pants put her on the
potty seat and she went poop she told me
she had to go I put her on there and she
went oh my god she's officially
officially officially going potty
training you're just brushing her teeth
on the toilet did you go potty you did
are you all done going potty
stay there let me get a baby
you're part of the toilet good job baby
do you mean a trip to the Dollar Tree
are you ready for your cookie to Twitter
prize money for your prize
congratulations
you can't boomer party heavy
did you go poop on the potty what hey
guys naptime just ended
everyone's been getting to have nap time
on the couch well he's sick did you fall
asleep today for a little bit baby did
you take a good nap hybridize and get
down
so guys I discovered that my trigger
finger I don't know if I guys if I told
you guys but my fingers keep getting
stuck in this position in the morning
they they snap papaya is the tendon deep
in here and it's getting caught inside
of the sheath and so it needs to be
splinted and in order for it to heal
cause every time I do this it causes
more inflammation in there so I bought
some little splints for both of these
fingers and hopefully just arresting
them will do it otherwise I'm gonna need
surgery these cars broken again
because I'm here but I'm just charged it
something's killing her battery gotta
take it in hey guys stop so morning
scoffs I'm gonna do this finger two
splints on hand humiliating worked for
too long that's my problem it's not that
I've worked too hard
it's that I worked for too long I don't
give myself a rest you know most people
work eight hours a day when they get out
there in Oklahoma I worked from daylight
until early last night so I can't like
it is this still completely dead man yep
something's killing the battery I went
ahead and charged it to make sure that
something was killing it but um I jumped
it and turned up and out of here all
right tell us something I said hi
excited for her today excited hi baby
sister it's ballet day are you excited
have you been excited all day long
thinking about it all day long I've been
waiting for it oh I guess you can get
dressed at the ballet studio
all right so at this point it's just me
and Jules and there's not a lot of space
in there to just hang out with a
stroller so we're gonna walk around this
little downtown area while symphony does
her about late it's very private
we can't watch she doesn't allow the
parents to come in watch or observe or
anything so that the kids can pay better
attention which personally I love that I
think that's a really wise decision
especially after experiencing gymnastics
where the kids want to show us a workout
number two of the day all right
every Thursday Symphony has ballet
lessons for about 30 to 40 minutes does
it count if I walk for the entire 40
minutes outside with Juliet does that
count as my workout for the day since
I'm trying to work out daily you know
monkeys what are you doing monkey you
trying to climb your stroller Wow Juliet
are you busy yeah you're busy climbing
on everything absolutely everything why
are you gonna make it oh good job monkey
no we're going ahead of that baby Josie
is a little smiley all the time baby did
that number right there for pretty much
half of the class this is gonna
really fun every Thursday did you learn
anything new no stuff you already know
are you ready to go home okay let's go
could you hear Juliet thrown fit a lot
of fits
yeah yeah that's hot good job it's very
hot
look at that each hand a little finger
yeah hey Stephanie did you have fun did
you feel like the other girls are better
than me
it has been a while since you've been in
my work they've been doing it for a
whole month longer than you said I don't
see what you learn today show me much
spotting
what you already told me about that you
already knew about spotting yeah you
told me that I guess that's just what
they went over to you that's where
that's what you went over today we were
in your ballet shoes which ones
such a guy Patek named cheese sorry
Sonia I just finished our devotional
making a better us that was called your
best us and she has picked out a new one
so what is it would you pick for us well
I went through a lot and I don't know
how you picked that other one so quickly
but this one's called rebuilding a
marriage better than new whoa that's
awesome it's only seven days and there's
a devotional a little section at the end
where your answer a question which is my
favorite cuz that when he says talk more
and then there's three scriptures today
Devlin was really good we noticed the
difference like after a couple days of
doing the devotional is pretty cool yeah
just in our case you guys are not doing
any kind of quiet time prayer time
reading together as a couple I mean it
does happen along this takes us what 10
15 minutes and sometimes not even that
long depending on how talkative we are
but it's just it's so helpful and really
opened up our what communication I don't
know it's literally should bloom alright
guys we'll catch you tomorrow don't
forget we love you remember to love each
other you ready it's easier to get our
MRI result to see if she needs surgery
or not
famous for hi to the new rules
