yes she said I wish I could sleep on
your jacket
everybody can say simp these very first
Christmas party so brutal
um I had a Christmas party and primer Oh
King
but today's special because I lasted -
yes good morning little guy
Abram woke up dry today we've been
having a little bit of a problem with
that so he got a morning surprise
working out driving waited kill me
he got a late Christmas Daniel tiger hey
can that be okay miss and it came it
Merry Christmas neighbor hey hey guys
like I'm running around like crazy this
morning gotta go get Sam he took the
pilot to be detailed we got a rush over
to Abraham's Christmas party
diapers ah go hi my last time driving
the Toyota probably it is we're headed
to Abraham's very first Christmas party
they're performing to see her Oh every
row something like that so she says
she's cute cute where's everybody
oh hey buddy just for me a stocking at
the puppy yeah thanks buddy
three go buddy
that's yours yeah but Christmas name is
to see twinkle toes was it prints all
took
right guess who's huh
where'd you go there she is
how was your Christmas party good
Tiffany and I have this fun game that we
play together we're going play it once
together but it's called Dragon mania
legends I seen it on commercials have
you it's a really fun game it's the game
that I am currently I guess you could
say addicted to I'm raising an army of
dragons this is my dragon world all the
dragons gives you like gold just
collecting rare time you open up the
game I got a new habitat there's
habitats where you grow them and
different kind of habitats as water this
guy I did a baby it is can you pet him
for me gotta give him so attention he
likes that guys and then you got to go
to feed let's feed him alright let's go
to battle this is where we go to battle
I wanna travel India we're gonna fight
atlas these are all my players that I've
been raising you under that guy yeah I
love it
so we drag it over to the guy where
everything okay you can do it baby we
gonna drag this guy buddy that's the
enemy Oh No
I lost so you can breathe the Dragons
you get rare ones you can breathe you
get uncommon more than the common ones
you can sell them to each other it's
like a really interactive game with your
friends and with other people right
alone good job cuz I love her pork if
you keep feeding them you'll keep
getting bigger until you run out and
you've got to go make food in the farms
let me collect the food and we keep
reading the Dragons
till they grow up to be mature and
strong really fun game guys I think
you'll like it a lot I'm gonna leave a
link in description completely free on
iOS devices and Android be sure to click
on that check it out and thank you -
dragon lenders report for today's video
and for showing this fun game hi are you
eating these is all you're eating then
can you pick them up for me
sipping you're gonna come with me
tonight good what you don't know what I
told you this morning hell yeah wait did
the viewers know they don't know yes
sorry I did tell you yeah Dee just tell
them we're warming up we're gonna be
okay I don't pull up on della you must
throw up on them
yeah I uh you ma'am don't throw up on
her food it's open the toilet no yeah
yeah I told you when you hit me you get
kissed by Oreo Oreo kiss him kiss him
boy oh no no even kiss Abram miss Abram
ah you got lucky this time buddy
I got good a second ago so yeah we're
going to the airport to pick up somebody
very special and dear to our hearts and
and what and yeah and dance yeah you're
to dance today dude - hey babe it's
what's for dinner I'm paying grilling
steak tonight
today has been really great woke up got
symphony all ready for her class party
took her to school came home got Abram
ready took him to school got some stuff
done around the house and we went to
Abraham's party as you guys saw it was
adorable they did a little Nutcracker
performance which I'm totally gonna
practice isn't at home then immediately
after that Sam brought Abraham's home
for a nap and some downtime and I went
to symphonies Christmas parties came
home and Alan making dinner let's see
how these sakes turn out I want to slice
them open and see if it's red on the
inside
yeah it's not too bad
you ready get out of here dad even if
she can't run know that record if they
look like a book to you that's not a
book this will slip and decorate what
crazy right Shh could you put your shoes
on let's get out of here come on buddy
you can't buddy I'm sorry
Tiffany and I have a couple minutes
before our guest arrives and we want to
welcome them to Texas by grabbing them a
couple of Texas like a scarf a cowgirl
hat do you guys have cowgirl hats come
on welcome to YouTube Oh what
alright we're here we found a scarf
minion J hey IVA Abram what is that all
you guys have nothing no great here's a
red one yeah this is one of these things
right here yep even tried on worse it's
like a poncho
hey how about a beanie but ome because
there we go that's good love that right
there what's a good Texas treat like a
dr. pepper right something a dr. pepper
and cow tails am beef jerky a couple of
Texas snacks here in committer acacia
known on that one yeah let's go come on
you got it says get in there tell her
are you excited about her staying in
your room with you are you going to keep
ruffle Knight you sure there's our guest
of honor
put the hat on her come on we got a bum
knee up welcome to Texas it's cold here
oh here's a dr. pepper and a cow tell
that's what we do here in Texas welcome
to Texas happy to be so excited special
guests guys and Stephanie if I haven't
said it yet she's back you were but I
don't know if they all recognize you oh
my goodness look at that tree it's
amazing that is fantastic
what do you neighbors think there were
this guy thinks it's a masterpiece it is
he's over here they love it don't love
it it's not the same in person has on
camera we bought her that stuff here by
myself
all by yourself great symphony not
picked that out oh really
about the hat and scarf for her you do
Oh tonight yeah tonight any gloves a
glass Christmas tree whoa
I'm gonna comment of the day now guys it
comes from Matt cure how is your aunt
Stephanie that's perfect
wonderful still wonderful she's not in
remission or anything but I like that
she has a tumor tumor that's sure to
chemo to help to chemo did nothing I
have a camera and it's shrinking on my
own the natural oh that's all right the
heat vitamins and herbs who cares I'm
doing with that's why there's that way
you can figure this out was it what does
okay
says to Matthew yeah alright guys we'll
see you tomorrow batters dying don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
we're in this together
