good morning guys
that is the fifth time I've warned up my
coffee today that's right five times
okay Michaela's here mister oh yeah good
good how school oh I just finished my
finals so my hair I think there's some
missing and I have patches but oh no
first time for finals is that right oh
my goodness don't groan that's awesome
yeah and someone's already happy to see
her Abram sounded like he Randy can
monitor so sweet
well have a bit of information for you
in bed last night so I don't want to
watch movies instead but when we have a
sitter they know and y'all know they get
babies with y'all
yeah so it is like King Herod he's like
when I'm okay like I'm once me he's been
watching out the window so sorry he does
love me he knows he gets moving guys bye
guys I love you all lovey be sweet oh
you sweet girl bye guys girls so excited
we're getting out hurted for I guess
winter over here for just just to have a
money day it's so exciting
they're always the funnest days me and
Sandhya ginger I know y'all Jenny had a
baby my hair just had a baby which is
why we're desperate to get in here so
does Danny oh my gosh I'm still not
skinny oh shut it
whatever good texture of hair and my
hair feels like a bag it's all I don't
like her anyway we're doing some fours
and some sevens and then we're gonna go
in and blend some twos and wipe on some
some hash oh she did not care for my
explanation of what I wanted so I had to
simplify it down
I want dark hair with blond highlights
basically and not so much light here
with light highlights can I say you're
living 34 minute explanation of what she
wants yes yeah no it was not that bad
I thought about recording it
gonna eat up all her back here she was
like I'm just keep my mouth shut
sandy is almost done like as y'all
haven't seen sandy with two-tone color
and her hair's for a long time it's been
years
it's good having evil micro bladed how
does it go the micro bladed like let's
go rollerblading what was the pain level
yeah what was the what was the pain
level yeah that's a good question I
cannot really left my hair me neither
my hair doesn't curl at all it's my
third
so it's not it and I just can't hug
everyone's telling me it looks really
good for Ginny well let me look at it I
have the screen flap down right now
here's what it looks like you guys are
seeing it before me I'm not looking in
that mirror
we good we're almost done I still
haven't seen it yet a little nervous
okay okay here comes the big reveal wow
that looks really good look at all that
one I see it I love it so really it
looks really good this is like totally
what I wanted
hi guys long time no see I've been doing
some Christmas shopping today Matthew if
you're watching this please turn it off
pause it look away leave the room let
Andrea keep watching or Andrew both you
guys turn away because these are your
gifts check this out guys
I got Andrew something that I've always
wanted to get look at that baby this is
a very fast and sophisticated piece of
machinery here it's four-wheel drive
it's remote-control car obviously I even
got him an ex an extra fast battery to
go with it it brings it up to like 50 45
to 50 miles per hour and I got Matthew
this for when I get my boosted board
he'll have his own board check that out
it's not a boosted board but it's kind
of like a booster board it's the it's
the ego - I almost got both of them a TV
but I started thinking I was like you
know what I want to get them both
something that's going to force them to
be outside cuz I don't want to promote
being it from the TV it's an easy gift
in in which is to by somebody TV I love
spoiling my brothers I just love it I
love it to death it's like the best
thing ever I just felt so blessed today
that is able to do this film and I
bought some cool stocking stuffers for
Nia and what I want to do with this car
guys is I'm going to either donate it to
like a charity or I want to give it to
where the fan basic I know it's not
beautiful other than this actually other
than this that my mom just did it's
actually a decent car the trunk does not
close it does close if you could get the
latches to meet and I haven't tried too
hard to get them to meet
that door doesn't open from the inside
of the passenger door the windows in the
back don't go down very good got a
cracked mirror here the hood isn't very
pretty but um hit us up guys on our
email Sam Ania at yahoo.com and um state
your case why should we give this car to
you just want to give it to you but
aside from that I need to clean out this
car because it's such a mess I want to
get details for Nia soon and I got some
uh clues in there as to what I got Nia
for her stalking so I got to get rid of
the the evidence what you making sis oh
yeah what kind of ornament paranoid me a
brown one just like oh I got an idea
make like a piece of people like a mochi
poop seems good idea every who's in your
will and will awesome me dang it
I guess gosh guys have you seen anything
cuter than that yeah why'd your pants on
button man I don't know what you want to
button them yeah I'm gonna put pinned my
what a getting dog outside I know
where's my cookie cookie it's pretty out
here yeah it's a cool color huh yes like
a pinch purple dad guys don't play no
gosh so pretty it is ready
daddy why don't you do it with my daddy
why don't you sit down the side down
doing a poopy the poop emoji
alright like when you put on top of it I
make you had to imagine it looks like a
no in the snow on top oh sorry
you made a poopy sign alright I'm proud
of you kids really I'm very proud I was
just showing symphony the vlog premiere
straight where Juliet was giggling I
knew she would love it symphonies always
trying to make Juliet laugh really big
and that was the first time she laughed
that long and big so Symphony had to
come train up herself and it worked how
does the new hair like wrapping gifts
picking comment of the day you know Sam
will say MOA right here a comment of the
day guys goes to simply Aubrey six what
are you doing with the other car I'm
sure they'll keep it it's more family
friendly Brit 'ln responded with that no
Britt it's not more family friendly I
could fit all the kids in that truck
every single last one of them um so yeah
you guys heard when I'm drawing the car
we're gonna be giving it away to one of
you guys nothing would make us happier
than to have a fan basic owning a piece
of salmon Nia history which is that
Toyota Camry out there that car got us
to this point that is to be this is B it
took us from A to B also guys one
announced fan basic org well it's not
complete there is a home page I'm gonna
put a link in the description for you
guys go check it out
and you can enter your email and
subscribe to announce and it's better
that are coming up and on the whole page
you could read a kind of a rundown of
what those websites going to be and
remember this website is dedicated to
you guys we're not asking for a dime
from you guys we're using the funds that
we raise through t-shirts and other ways
in the future we don't know right now
it's just their teachers and sweatshirts
the money we receive from those will be
going back to you guys that's what the
site's about so far
so go check it out put your email in so
you can get updated regularly on
fambissig org alright guys don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
we're in this together
