good morning guys how you doing big day
for me kind of a sad day I'm getting rid
of the beard you guys ready for this
this is the move you've all been waiting
for
especially near get her done oh yeah
what do you think
oops what won the world what the North
Pole
hello no no no no no no no no no I'm
just a country boy from Terrell Texas
from shaving it twice up a little bit no
no what in the hole yes never again well
I doubt my beard white
you are my sister
made by the same guy
by the same heart
got to give love
well
and this together that was just for fun
guys I dyed my beer just for fun I can't
take on responsibility of being Santa
Claus I'm sorry
oh my gosh it's still a little bit white
around here that looks ridiculous knees
home with Abram so cares what the
reactions are going to be aren't you
late still gonna love me hey
what kind of hat is that is that a Santa
hat buddy oh good job buddy you're
learning more words to it daddy your
little elf yeah that's strange buddy cuz
today I was called but then you're cold
you Santa Claus when I turned the job
down
were you really yeah I just couldn't do
it somebody really contacted you to play
Santa somewhere yeah no hole like
seriously like really placing it on my
beard growing back I cut off it'll grow
back
whoa if I pull off on a new gonna go is
that the from the bleach you don't
believe me do you
I want to show you the footage it's
crazy I'll keep my face as raw to cut it
three times I'm so glad your faces back
I missed it
thanks I'm just surprised to see so much
white still in there well yeah I told
you all of it wasn't growing out it was
really wet right here to curl that off
hi is he Danny yeah I'm good I wanna
play me way worse beaten people think
your dogs are daddy of course wanna know
what happened to me I picked up a broom
at school and there was a man walking up
the street he came to me after I got a
broom out of school and he's like do you
have to know the foundation that's
giving away toys for Christmas I've
contacted the churches and things around
here and they said it's too late for all
of them and I was like well no but
actually I have some toys in my back in
the back of our car and so I handed out
some more toys today what is going on
today
first I'm supposed to be Santa this
morning and I refuse that by cutting my
beard off with a saw and now and then a
becomes home as an elf and then Nia gets
asked for toys or just approached by
random person for toys yeah we're we're
good you can do it I can do this what
whoa dude
good going on what yeah monkey mommy
daddy are going on day by camy thank you
have fun be safe we almost forgot him
hey basic horrible when was forgot you
guys we are going out to look at a car a
truck me and I are gonna get a truck
because we have future plans of of
living a country life your laugh
possibly I don't know
but yeah we do you be able to hold
things around and eventually moon whole
things around all the time anyway so I
thought truck would be perfect to
replace our Honda I mean our Toyota
we're looking at a Honda we're gonna
officially be a Honda family the most
like Sam arrived at your destination sir
I'm here for a new truck
you took yeah I'll talk to Kim Kim he's
right inside all right
works at our Park oh right over here
sponsor all right I'm looking at element
sure to visit Samuel Rader mr. Rader
yeah I'll let him know I have a goal for
Fuji this is Dylan guys he's going to be
helping us out tonight so we're trying
to choose right now between the sport
which is over there and the L version
which one you want to test-drive oh I
guess we have to test drive this one
rocket
he like two leather seats though I like
the leather seats not like the exterior
of
we'll just test-drive this one I also
want to look at the other colors it's
nice and shiny that's what I like it
one of the first things I asked Dylan
we're going to have electric start so if
you heat up the car from the house
that's always like a dream feature of
mine in the car to be able to start up
in your house metal and also as a car
that also has the P is entering PTO
section and you have to push the push
button stars will all your heated seats
are here doles own pilot controls so you
can do your in the struck that's going
to have a smartphone connection that
gives you apple carplay and android auto
it will show your current drive preview
straw before we enter our code poetry
world that has six out of a bank
actually missing personal things we came
to know
waiting to Veronica oh yeah always it
has more towing capacity you won't get
stuck as often but that's you know
technically if you're going off-road a
lot I'm gonna get off in some deep
country I was suggested by just okay
guys when I go inside and talk commands
I'm going to a local boutique called
Holly B's and you know she sells some
absolutely amazing things and the
proceeds go to third world countries
it's just a really cool and cute
boutique but tonight you guys know that
I wear can just got a lot it's one of my
favorite necklaces and tonight they're
doing an event a Kendra Scott event and
there's going to be giveaways raffle and
trees and stuff like that and it ends in
an hour so I'm like saying well you guys
talk boy stuff can I run over there real
quick it's about a ten minute drive from
where we're at I have friends here at
the event this is Taylor Andrea Taylor's
the owner basil and olive where I get
literally all my clothes like my outfit
so fun that you guys were here when I
came I just randomly came I'm so glad to
cuz I thought you were gonna call oh
yeah it's so it's fine as I saw your car
as a king this is the Holly hey tell us
what you're gonna take a little bit I
was trying to give this any of us we
have about fifteen the fair trade lines
or lines that just give back so either
locally or globally so we try to help
people here in Dallas area
as well but majority ever worked over
Africa love it might be wet supportive
means a lot to us that you think you've
been clear she's awesome you guys so
here's the good stuff I was here in the
first twenty five so I get turned into
something right now no letter yes please
sorry Sam you are missing out buddy
trucks who cares and entire room back
here look at these it's high tide top
with dark jeans
yet however shirt is the color of our
new truck
you probably didn't gurney gonna write
in the back of the truck on the way home
bring it back for lettering eat seeds
where you want to be here not let me
have another got to get up the more this
is the person's vehicle this is gonna be
the VIN number stock number the truck
please under the customer let's stand
find that car part-time now thumb no
pulse is really can use the off the
truck run prepped and ready you have
this other p2 so Delfino family and I'll
be the prepped and ready
it's cold out here guys but it's going
to be warm in there
not tonight though we have to bring it
home in a few days they're gonna do a
couple things put a rack up there rat so
cool to finally have a truck and not
stuffed wood into the back of this title
big project
to drive to Home Depot and get stuff
spend money to buy buy more stuff made a
home guys need is picking out comment of
the day and before you guys jump on my
case I just want to let you know that
this isn't my car this is our car
because I feel like you guys might be
thinking that I'm kind of getting that
from you guys already like why didn't he
get in your car hello
she loves it we both would pick the car
that bus loved she wanted black right we
both agreed that we wanted to get a
black truck well I wasn't sure about
black you were you're not he was sure
you were kind of interested on why last
night we were shopping online I was more
attracted to the black trucks and he
wasn't but today you said you were I
liked it I liked it better than their
other option that they had there but I
do like it yeah just never imagined
myself owning a black truck just for
those of you wondering why him not me
getting choose the carb our preference I
just want to say I'm really excited
about this truck I've never like had a
truck I'm always driven a little car
then we got the SUV and here Texas girl
yeah y'all should I have a truck already
this point I'm not that date and we
needed to replace our secondary car so
we got a truck and here's the manual I'm
fitting to read it haha so exciting guys
first time ever buying a brand-new car
for me you know my parents got me one
when I graduated high school
okay comment of the day comes from
Taylor Morales
I'll let Sam Danny on oMG I don't know
why I thought of this but I feel like
instead of calling Sam Santa Claus he
could be called Santa Claus
good one anyway guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you
remember to love each other I don't get
my hair done tomorrow
in this together
