any cute song good morning everyone I'm
idil
teether treat for Juliet her very first
one lick baby and try it oh she wants it
something that's in the ground thinking
look at Juliet she's eating a rose right
snack from first time I used to cut them
in half for symphony at first maybe we
should break them in half it's too big
for her hey you want to taste it
s√§nger your little teaser baby don't
think you're gonna like it would you
like it well you can breakfast is
cooking we ran out of eggs first having
ham and potatoes in this together crazy
hair and our church gathering with
fellowship with some friends yeah
gathering at church now we're going to
gather at a restaurant anyway and you
guys I'm excited because Julie
like baby food or whatever I have with
me and it makes eating at a restaurant
with her so much more enjoyable in that
respect that she can be screams in
between bites it's more enjoyable than
having to hold her inner circle hey
there's our after charge lunch crew
Jeremy down there from RGV we are
sharing that will be ready far as always
oh it's a selling show it's so fun
having lunch with someone who likes each
licky he's got a bunch of your friends
and they're like yeah I don't want
anything we are going for it everything
sort of that nature I eat a lot it's
here oh my goodness you guys salted
caramel yummy gooey ooey goodness do you
like caramel we didn't even really
decide we just told her right out what's
on that picture didn't even discuss what
to get me I'm really careful
okay it's sort of good Maggie you're
excited for me aren't you excited for me
hi God Oh wha just fell asleep on me
walls check it out I'm checking you out
though it took you forever you went
shopping didn't you don't look in my
buggy I found a couple of things I want
to put in stockings odds being you're
gonna do the bags somebody no I wanted
you to come in Abrams room sweetie
Abram this is your special spot the star
show me your special spot go sand in
your special spot this spot in the
hallway is your special spot yes inside
of this toy box are toys that you both
have had since you were little when I
count down from five I want you both to
start calmly going through the toy box
if you want to keep it it goes in your
special spot three two one
we don't need this remember I knew there
was gonna be something shopkins in
higher ground
trying to keeping us all away daddy this
is what Abram wants to keep I think is
then you'd really on top of this before
purchase oh yeah because both of us were
shopping for the kids for Christmas this
year
she was shoving like Amazon at the same
time I was and we both had different
mindsets and we weren't thinking we just
what kind of crazy this you're a
probably little too cozy we're just
looking at the tree last time with like
um we went way overboard whoever did it
trying to impress her kid a little bit
too much I think I'm just hanging out
here with these ladies she's been eating
better guys I think I've figured this
out with her she needs a schedule and
she does not need to be fed any human
food at all wouldn't Oreos forgiven her
scraps and stuff like that and I've
learned when we do that she doesn't eat
her food that night because I guess
she's hoping for more of the good stuff
so she won't eat her dog food you're
eating better or you're happy for you so
happens for you
I remember watching the Cowboys game
tonight you don't watch football but for
some reason this one I'm just kind of
excited for them
that for some reason that the winning a
lot what is that thing a little boat one
donate it they should probably keep a
lot of them because we need more space
for all of our other ones in there yep
there's mom here sir hi mommy
Juliet hi do you want a super puff on
try one
oh yeah oh she doesn't want to travel
mommy try that
where'd it go oh she just sucked on it a
little bit mm-hmm is your baby ready for
super press Oh crawls with stomach on
the floor
he's thicker chunkier for you she
doesn't do that picks up small food
between the thumb and the first finger
and use his jaw to mash food mmm maybe
these are thicker than the graduates
because the Graduate said they she just
had to be a sitter I'll take this
emptiness car said and I'll fill it up
out of the darkness I'm going to make
light and out of nothing I'm going to
make everything sip is gonna do her
silly song now it's time Jennie's time
with the dressy girls even a funny name
this is my family with my job and
turn around like a monkey in light of
this weekend's events I decided to get
the kids toothbrushes that spin or
vibrates him and I realize that they
actually is my break but they both liked
it so much that I decided to get it for
them and kind of just you know Park up
the mood about brushing our teeth around
here it's big deal hey ed is the vlog so
he obviously saw that but it's actually
gonna look like this anyways yeah for
Symphony room and this is mine a month
look on the little flimsy babe I really
enjoy doing stockings growing up my mom
did stockings for me and my cousins and
anyone who came to Christmas at our
house and I have over the years done
stockings for Sam all of his siblings
and any of their kids or but this year
we're just doing our family and we're
doing like a name drawing with his
siblings or something like that I'm
actually gonna film a video probably
tomorrow or the next day for knee is
nest on what's in my kids stockings
because I love stocking because I think
it is the most fun part about opening
presents on Christmas Day oh so it looks
like the Cowboys are going to win again
guys 7 to 0 right now but
have it in the bag where we got honey
comment of the day
alright I'm randomly picking in you see
my thumb scrolling here could do a
random pick today again oh this is a
good minutes from Sydney more have you
stopped breastfeeding Juliet no I have
not
she does eat baby food breakfast lunch
and dinner sometimes she just does like
brunch and dinner but she still breast
feeds a lot throughout the day I'd say
quite a bit like every two hours
sometimes every hour mm-hmm she's not
lying it's a lot we'll see you tomorrow
God willing you remember okay one don't
forget we love you remember to love each
other
we're in this together
