Oh
when guys I want apologize first thing
about my beard I know it's a poly it'll
be a couple more days then I'll cut it
off a promise and you guys try the
pumpkin spice Cheerios I have neither
that's pretty good
mm-hmm that's sweet
and it is like pumpkin spice just won
Mei yay you don't want to try them
something we found Abraham's Turkey from
his first Thanksgiving boyfriend my
babies
so we are on a scavenger hunt for our
family who deserves all these toys not
all of them but several families who can
disperse these toys out to yeah what do
you guys think hi guys
hey you guys have any kids um do you
guys need any choice for Christmas this
year for your kids we have a box of toys
if you guys are need of giving your kids
anything okay these are all brand-new
toys man hello there boys girls which we
have haha boys and girl pause and girl
hit but he has some little kids yeah
this is for like a yeah
toddlers I got word okay here you go
appreciate yeah okay oh god what me Asay
save America yeah Merry Christmas so we
did pray we prayed that God would lead
us to people and so we saw a couple
getting out of their car with a grocery
sack we stopped and we asked if they had
kids they did have kids they said they
didn't need Christmas gifts but they
have some friends with a teenage
daughter who does and initially we
thought we don't want to hand them out
straight to kids we want families to be
able to wrap them and give them to their
kids as if they picked these presents
for them but then we remembered our
prayer was to lead us where the Lord
wanted us to go and so we decided we
just need to go with it just go with it
and not you know be picky about our
plans because yeah God's plans are not
always our plans there she is oh yeah
okay stuff in here
Candyland the game bye hi sir Jeff did
you have any kids
yes sir I'll help kids our grandkids
don't grab something to give them
something for Christmas you know what we
have a box of toys I promise you
and I thank you I do absolutely think I
do man Jackson see someone blows good
Baptist Church okay cool don't kids and
grandkids of my my my kids are grown but
the grandkids know they got everything
they are going to need do you guys have
children do you need Christmas presents
for them we have some new toys we're
looking to donate or give away to family
you need
the kids are in the car they're gonna
help me get it down I was at a twins
that are two and my oldest is three
oh cool what have your pick here Wow
Ledo high bless you if we got stolen
plastic young kids oh cool what about
transport hell boys girls do all girls
okay favorite wants to give her a pie
please they're too little for that game
buddy you can't give much ya see what
else we got in here for the time oh yeah
there's two for the twins if you want to
do that oh yeah without this little
lamby here oh that's cute
it's not as easy as it looks finding
people who need toys just randomly
driving around like that so I think what
we're going to do the rest of toys is
just giving with Toys for Tots and let
them take care of the rest
right yeah actually we have a friend who
has a friend who is doing a toy drive
for children with leukemia and I would
like to figure out where he's at and
take them there okay you could do that
Ethan Amanda now and I had to stop and
get Juliette some baby food I make her
baby food and I forgot to grab a little
container of it to come to dinner I'm
kinda glad though because that means
I'll still have some when I get home I'm
running low and I'm not in the mood to
make more tomorrow it's Sunday I usually
remake it on Monday
so actually kind of work out hmmm
spinach zucchini and peas asparagus she
hasn't had that before but what's this
Apple raspberry and avocado I'm gonna
get this for her dessert tonight now
that she has been having baby food for
over six weeks I feel like I can give
her sweets for breakfast I don't think
Sam is totally what makes am totally
loves up come on let's eat peas for
breakfast team no see you dad
my chauffeur hi can close your doors oh
man it feels good to be out of the car
like we've been all day long we're at
Macy's we're gonna do a little bit of
shopping and eating at Macy's doesn't it
look at pretty cross that's awesome
Heath really showed me up with the cross
then he could definitely work on the
wrapping skills though yeah hey you mind
if I redo this cross real quick read you
I want to redo it you just you didn't
wrap it right bro come on up with it
that's a relief no it looks good man you
turn on ho ho ho Merry Christmas
children
you guys already see the beard can
everybody see the beer yeah oh I want to
pretend to be your Santa Claus may seem
a me but you're coming
welcome Raiders Raiders welcome Raider
oh right a fan that is here thanks guys
that's sweet is it this picture took me
three hours to write that yeah that's
actually really good so now hopefully
you see our new t-shirts tape in a
manner were kind enough to make us
handmade Trimboli we're drinking life
coca-cola you guys heard of life's
little cola your cane sugar stevia if
you want to share that with me cuz I
won't drink it all
vodka share with Heath you sure with
Amanda you can do it I can see that
the table and the words I'm hating a
notch Oh
graces I guess I'm more excited this
time around the new fella here except
for Eva could be the first because they
know we're having another girl
understand that they're gonna have a
little sister and if that just makes it
even more like exciting what is that she
just wants another night Merry Christmas
guys we were just scoping for the tree
that people were telling us about that
said was competition was in competition
with my tree here it is it's purple look
at that
since it's in somebody's front yard turn
that off I have something to say only 15
more days till Christmas
it's alright what day is Christmas on
weird faces when you start the ending of
the Bloch Bailey whoa
yes you're weird cuz I just wafer to
focus a board or the time yesterday I'm
not gonna do it again cos absolutely
this evening is it what do you guys
think of that tree house I was pretty
cool
they did a good job I bet they were
thinking they were gonna have the best
trained Terrell just like I was thinking
but I was right and they were wrong
Stan that's so cocky it is cocky here I
forget it forget I even said that know
why because we thought comment of the
day took us forever
it comes from April Vasquez cuddle now
she says I have to go to the dentist
next Friday with an eye-roll emoji yeah
any last words honey I have this have it
a twirling my beard and then asking me
to help him stop might honey make it
stop
stop earlier I was like trying to hold
on no stop do you don't so I just eat it
like that she pulled out my beard here
we are we gonna see the beard go bye-bye
can you give us an update on me yeah
when this gabs that are underneath the
beard yeah why I seen them look in the
screen up here huh what's on the agenda
for tomorrow honey I think we're gonna
do a really fun event with the kids
right yes we have something special
planned with the kids for after church
we're teaching church Sam just found out
a couple of hours ago don't know those
guys we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
Mya
we're in this together
