here's all the supplies we got for our
gingerbread houses and train we are
going to do a lot of improvising outside
of what's inside market that way
let's just open them all off and just
get going oh that my brother you are my
sister made by the same guy loved by the
same
there's mum
give love
the world
in this together good morning fan to the
bee to the edge of si si he is just now
getting home with the kids art with
Abram she's getting back from the gym hi
honey I'm home it's just me for my
workout oh wow
somebody had a really good workout I
know I did sitting right here I love
your sweater man that thing's so cool
sir Allison's store wonderfully made so
soft
yeah what I put it on him he goes Wow
Tommy I've been trying to lay low
yesterday and today because of my beard
I'm just really embarrassed of it I
usually would have had said hi to cliff
by now but I'm avoiding being in the
front yard cuz I don't even see me does
a sleepyhead in here
hey you Phoebe what Daniel he just
hopped in the shower I'm getting Juliet
dressed and I'm surprised her with a
little special outfit she had something
sitting out these jeans right here and
this shirt that's all that was sitting
out go running guy down a world know who
you are dude hey baby Billy Carrick is
it yeah you eat too many sweets
now this is how a little lady dresses up
to go out okay talks her tummy has to be
covered I like your little Tommy she's
away bee she needs a hair bow
yesterday I dyed my beard white and I
think I burned the skin underneath
pretty bad you can see it here pretty
good I don't know if I should be putting
lotion on it but should be doing like
beard oil just wonder what you would
suggest patient to physician interaction
it's kind of like an office visit over
the Internet I know I'm a retired ER
nurse but that was extremely helpful for
some reason I did not think to Phineas
born on this that was Intermountain
Connect care and it's just an app to
make it convenient to visit doctors
right in your house from your phone
wherever you're at I get away with
paying 50 bucks just now for that phone
call advice and as you can see the
quality of care is just the same as you
would if you're going into a doctor's
office we'll have a link to the app in
the description because one check it out
and a big thanks to Intermountain
Connect care for sponsoring today's
video and for Matt dr. Matt something
for helping me out with my beer it makes
me look friendly though doesn't
I look in the mirror I'm like I like a
little bit more friendly now little more
jolly we're just coming back from
picking up symphony she's coming back
from meeting with Amanda didn't stay
over here come here um we're gonna go
get gingerbread health supplies and Get
Well cards for the kids in the hospital
good baby and she's teething so Barak
she finally fell asleep
mommy you're so cute alone
Sydney organizing it all I sure do
here's all the supplies we got for our
gingerbread house this and train oh we
are going to do a lot of improvising
outside of what's inside boxes that way
let's just open them all up and just get
going how about that buddy Mike I don't
have it organized all the cookies yeah
that's actually a good idea
put something up there you have someone
to miss them on the door and a window
okay
I thought me
some paintings in the river to be kind
of hard it's like a pill to get it all
set up for the walk one know you cancel
see mommy's class
how cute is that
here we go
are you done decorating um to the back
wall let's do a little like starter how
about that one that'll be cool princess
things in here whoo zoomy cool
what like yeah let's make a chocolate
chip walk away kinda like this there you
go hey I like humor here Kim I was too
fat for you you're so cute oh dear they
have a little more weight and they're
cool
anyway like what's going on over here
Symphony what are you gonna do over here
like all my wheels and stuff um I'm not
there yet okay cutie you building over
here too baby
you're building just Oh flakes my star
and I'll give it the final touch on my
house daddy won't you are check out my
sign my entry sign nice cutie hey just a
minute house I'm uh looking it cool
daddy can I go in so adorable oh she got
my ass exact a little elf Carper hat Oh
gonna get it right okay yeah you're
pulling on your house
Oh
you
Oh candy coming out of his wall this is
sweet sucky what are you making now
that's what I thought but I wasn't
really sure but now that you said so now
I know I'm being creative could you um I
got a bunch of you too oh you and bye
bye
I'm not happen don't Romeo in your Gekko
how we have guests visitors hey y'all
these are my cousins my beautiful
cousins Carly Robyn Michelle and the
baby has taken a liking to Michelle
yes mercy our gingerbread houses here's
me yes I've already showed hers yeah but
this is a trash fell over it start about
the trash let's start here in the fenced
in area where the dog is in his little
water that's Fido
this is the right side of the house with
a little window and um not sure what
that is there's the roof there's the
yard path as you can see
whoops cutting trees on down there's
decorating trees and M&M bushes and they
got here little bird baths that's what
those are we sit the front of the house
very crazy fancy and then you go over
here to this side and you got a repeat
that side basically except this eye has
Christmas lights I wasn't able to put
Christmas lights on this side because
Abram use the rest of us on this house
most his right there and their
symphonies she can do much of her side
he wasn't interested in doing a side for
some reason and there is it the damage
anyway guys we will see you tomorrow to
forget
I love you and remember to love each
other
we're in this together
