Sam's having a hard time waking up I'm
making all kinds of noise around the
house seeing being loud crazy
opera music and whatnot so I made him a
latte honey wake up
made you latte it worked guys he's up
and we're having some brunch together
pomegranates and I made omelets
operation move out newborn clothes and
update babies Plaza is in process hi
hello literally her closet just got so
big girlish these are all the six-month
clothes it's adorable reversible jacket
it's probably like a $40 jacket and I
paid 12 bucks so cool cute little
skinny's a cute little snow top she
needs to start wearing these things
before she outgrows on the bunny sweater
though tea charity seems like she's too
long for these six month shirts
Christmas jammies six to nine months and
then this is nine months to 18 months I
need a face big hit peaking up magnet II
don't I organize the cupboards and then
we snuggled I'm organizing the closet
and then will snuggle whoo would you
some laundry in a little bit before we
take our nap so we gotta go get brother
from school hey Santa what's up fam
basic care you guys today I'm not sure
if I'm ready to show you my beard or not
because they gave me the wrong toner
after why they gaming Greg you ready
guys
the contents of this package are
somewhat of a mystery I do notice from
Hasbro and I do know what's in this
package is not going to us I have to
warn you guys this is some kind of
giveaway okay we're gonna find out who
goes to I'm not really sure yet
these aren't for us guys k wait let's
read this letter spread the joy kind of
scavenger hunt write a thank-you note to
someone who has shown you kindness
decorate ten Get Well cards for children
in need and deliver them to a local
hospital
last stop donate this entire box of 50
hasbro toys and games to local shelter
or nonprofit organization serving
children wow what is that dude oh it's a
cool baby toy yeah when you're a baby
there's bop-it oh these are cute there's
50 toys in here lots of candy lands
Hungry Hippos down there
Symphony is getting ready to write her
thankfulness note to Claudia right who
are you gonna write your thankfulness
letter to I don't know how do you lie
I'll help you but you tell me first who
has been kind to you daddy okay you can
write your card too daddy
another hill um there's Claudia thank
you for being my friend okay then yes
you
wait it was X anywhere oh wait no to
Daddy
is that it yeah thank you buddy mommy
made us some ravioli honey
big ones whoa yeah can I still eat in
here already squash I'm in high so you
like ladybugs more than anything that's
not a bug
yeah okay like I like it more than a
flower or grass a tree or a butterfly
bumblebees yeah definitely more than
bubble my beard I've showed you guys yet
rigsy boobies I'm pretty nuts
I wanted a white I wanted bright white
so what are you guys thinking my beard
crazy I was like that is that Daddy when
I go really
hey what do you think of my beer do you
like it I burn in it good bananas great
it's almost like they're just making my
eyes and I just see me for who I am and
not really I look like I interesting
like it hasn't made me very much at all
the difference to the cats really weird
he's all right tanea yeah every time she
sees me she's like oh and I can't shave
because of what I did in my skin
underneath this be rich I mean why don't
you guys have to deal with my gray beard
for few days I was gonna shave it all
okay with that huh come on camera it you
sure
yeah you'd love my sauce Samudra posted
over to us getting her jacket on very
first jacket
come on Rory oh you come two more yes
this is all my beard looks like
illuminated by the Christmas tree this
way we're going that way there she is
guys the car hey this little light of
mine I don't know why Q come the trees
called this little light of look at me
guys come on dude haha we let the Oreo
inside I say are you in the house she's
supposed to come with us old say there
but two more Christmas starts on funny
yep though they are does a reflection of
our tree you guys want to see two more
trees there it is these people have a
little Santa rockin right there can you
see em can barely see I'm rockin how do
you guys feel about the light set to
scatter what are they called
I don't know but they're like 50 bucks
and I feel like it's just kind of a
ripoff it doesn't look good just looks
like a mess so I just like it's a
cop-out if you're going to create your
house
it's a Christmas lights they're old and
they can't you're right you're a lot of
people who are watching I guess is good
for some people you are exactly right
but I just don't want me no walking car
get your energy out buddy
hide it under a bushel No
so cute you guys today twice Oreo seems
to have opened up out of her shell even
more than ever and then I've ever seen
her before she got on the couch and now
she's playing with Symphony like chasing
her and barking at her
oh so close
oh yeah mama do you love him yeah gee
buddy I'm getting too old for y'all I'll
wear the scarf all day long today
seriously I put it on this morning and
I've pretty much wore it off and on all
day long and I have a big thing back
here for my hair getting stuck on the
scarf and making a knot oh I hate it
when that happens how do you prevent it
anyways comment of the day today goes to
Mariah Nicole good solids can you guys
check your P o box in a few days because
I'll be sending something and I really
want y'all to receive it well actually
if you guys saw a few vlogs back
probably a couple weeks ago Sam and I
got a little pink slip in our mailbox
saying that if we didn't do something we
think it's really cool that we were able
to connect with so many of you for the
last what has it been two and a half
years almost three years
you guys are so generous and loving to
our family by your words and your
actions and it really means so much to
us but we are embarking on a new
adventure where we can give back to you
guys that is something that's in full
swing right now Sam and his twin aren't
doing a lot of planning and designing
and it's going to be super awesome so we
just feel like it's time to put a stop
to the PIO box and taking from you guys
and just do everything we can to give
back more anyways guys we'll see you
tomorrow we'll be doing more for our
scavenger hunt and it's gonna be super
fun and sweet don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
we're in this together
