oh I'm gonna kill brushes do we have a
new chef on our team put it under your
tongue but actually this is what the
house is gonna look like on the inside
symphonie starting ballet again tomorrow
good morning guys I just wanted to show
you all my new official working out
girls shoes I have had my other shoes
for a couple of years now and they kind
of cut into the back of my heels so Sam
let me split and get some new tennis
shoes and I got this great new Balance
it's like a sweater fabric on the top
they're very comfortable
never in my life worn this company of a
tennis shoe my feeling kind of good kind
of good bubbie was sick today yeah
really bad fever but it's down now
we took motrin and come on come on
oh yeah job like oh yeah I put it under
your tongue goes under here looked it up
that's 99.5 you have a low-grade fever
buddy we're done good keep it down so
I'm gonna give you another motor okay
you don't get what you get sick you're
the right at me yeah okay
symphonies are back from school we are
headed somewhere cool are we we sure are
we're here for a night she Symphony
starting ballet again tomorrow some of
you might remember if you've been around
for a few years a symphony did ballet
when we very first started vlogging we
took a break from it because school and
her schedule just became a little too
full but now that we've just been
experimenting with other things like her
chef class and stuff like that she's
decided that she wants to do ballet
again what inspired you do ballet yes
she loved that movie and it inspired her
and made her miss dancing like she used
to do so we're gonna try on the shoes we
need
now we are moving on to tap shoes
because the ballet class that she's
taking has a combo of tap - so try on
the one okay
okay there's one last thing symphonie
didn't know she was gonna get to get
when we came here today but I want her
to have one and she didn't get one last
time and she's much older now this is
gonna help her be responsible for her
outfits and just her little accessories
for ballet so Symphony I'm gonna pick
out a ballet bag there's only two to
choose from so you like that one okay
let's do a girl
she dances are you doing I'm trying to
sketch up I want that roof of the house
I think I'm just gonna make you just
like this pepper here yeah got it that's
what I'm gonna do so I'm gonna do for
the roof of the house
there we go Oh chef class might be over
but that doesn't mean chef symphony is
going anywhere she is gonna make us some
dinner tonight from one of her recipe
crispy baked ravioli all right so let's
first get out our ingredients don't you
think
okay let's are you smelling anything
does it smell good are you gonna help oh
thank you Bob are you feeling good
Oh kill brushes do we have a new chef on
our hands to be more mix it baby now
Charlie we have a sweet little assembly
line going here today because I'm
feeling it yet do you like it
kids are all snuggled in their beds and
I am at the new table working on the
layout of the new front of the house and
Oklahoma so I'm trying to figure out
where all my studying ago I'm gonna be
using two by sixes I'm gonna have a long
window here this is gonna be a door and
a side light and then a picture window
that's just gonna be where the door is
that actually this is what the house is
gonna look like on the inside if you
guys are curious and 3d mode that's how
I want the front look like the windows
are going to be like this you're going
to come in the door and right here is
the little foyer area and I'm not
opening into the living room this is the
add-on that I'm making right now I'm
gonna have a little area here like a
little bar area this is what dining
rooms gonna be and you come back here to
the master bedroom that I have to add on
to the previous room this is gonna be
like a family game room this is the
utility room come back here and this is
where the bedrooms will be of two
bedrooms back here I might do a second
story I don't know that's it right there
so while I take this week off of being
in Oklahoma learn more than a week and
trying to draw up the new walls I need
to make so I know how much how many
stuffs to buy and this and that and
weight a lot of work making a house I'm
trying to figure out where everything
goes and how many of what you need and
that's work you got to sit down you get
really think about it you can't just be
like I want a wall there and it just
appears nice you have a builder so I'm
doing it all myself so I got to do it
all myself which is cool but tricky but
in the next couple days I want to start
on a bench for this I'm having a lot of
knee pain so I'm trying to take a break
from dry empty and physical how do I
sound old but cheese Louise wrist pain
knee pain I know what's going on with me
he's in here working out I better not
show you guys honey looking great all
right guys so comment of the day goes to
Rene Pagan you go girl with your
exercise program I know right man I just
heard something on the news about
setting goals like like we're Nia's that
now takes a little bit to get there at
least for me where I learned from the
news this morning was you got to set
tiny goals not goals of results but
goals of getting to the place that you
want to be to get into those results so
basically setting small goals to get to
the gym buying shoes okay I bought me
some
shoes I'm okay and that's a small goal
that's how my my mind works it works so
much better that way so I need buy the
shoes and then get all your outfit ready
thing just go to the gym and look around
okay I made to the gym workout go home
it's overwhelming when you think about
doing all that so you just got to make
small goals she knows more about it than
I do she made a big goal though I didn't
I you guys if you follow me on Instagram
which you do - yes hmm what I did was
set a goal of the first week of the year
when I made it I was like okay okay I
can do to eat and then now I'm just like
when you keep going I mean you're
cutting out fried food that's what I'm
saying
like you're doing you know one thing at
a time so I'm like I want to cut this do
this and do that smart real smart smart
girl here all right guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you
they're so sad he was so sick his little
hands were shaking this morning did you
grow some new muscles today I could
really dig you uh you could barely pick
me up oh I'm pretty heavy nothing
