morning guys
I don't wait to go either running pretty
late church starts in about seven
minutes here twelve minutes oh good
morning my little snow bear
oh hey bruh what happened today why did
you want to go back home
it was like let's just turn the car
around and go home fix my hair
Moses in deliver he pales in comparison
to the rescue and deliverance that Jesus
Christ brings to people today examine
his life keep all short three four five
okay my turn
I got a for Sunday naps were divine
today I got a two-hour nap now we're
playing a little board game while the
kids have a snack and get good and woken
up me and symphony are teaching a room
you got it fun I can help you there's
some big stuff I don't want that to get
quiet okay good idea good thinking
Symphony has found a new love for
vacuuming with the little vacuum that is
yeah cuff is actually about to be seven
in two weeks and he asked for a little
vacuum like that for his birthday some
kid I think I'm gonna get unlucky I'll
take these I have a surprise for
everyone even you and you and you and
you
okay you ready ready whoa whoops yeah
sorry Oreo let me see what are they so
Jimmy's good it's okay I already went in
the front yard and it fell from the tree
so sorry
nothing is happy Sunday afternoon or
evening I should say guys can you guys
see the tree from back here I can we're
gonna get the ornaments on the shed
daddy leaves it open on occasion oh I
probably closed in on occasion oh look
at this place we're gonna get to the
artim a lid let's put our thinking snow
cave to the ornaments and you got to dig
and throw stuff for decoration again
he's full sawdust Oh
my yellow yellow water vest yeah I don't
know man let me do some so far I think
some stuff out here well why don't you
hug it one day here's a yellow vest
right he really wants me to get okay you
know possible that is on my list of
projects I've been looking for your next
projects to do put a probably that right
there
not a fun project for you guys but
decluttering can be good for your mind
okay grab the handle you gotta grab I
mean you grab the lid you gotta grab the
handle which is none look the handles
under here Tiffani's so strong can I do
exercising a lot at school you do what
kind of exercises well I run around the
gym guys did that make you do that
yes every day you guys remember the
Train remember the trainer
goodbye what goes around the tree wait
wait guys so there's been a long I think
is totally missing why music Sam my PJs
you found lamby no I'm sorry
hey guys
Oh
okay
Oh
my first ornament to hang on the tree
our lantern went camping as a family
with some friends from church it came
from the Fairbanks family under here oh
this is our tree skirt it's a little
small who's Abraham's a one of you guys
sent us that one big black that was
actually some in my childhood tree
growing up the moon
sugar cookies not a real function but
the recipe was like strong we don't need
the ornament beginning Shibuya pick a
dish don't blow you put him on the tree
what do you get all excited about yes
daddy's the little hook we just push it
on shy of roids free to do what he did
it dude pretty much down with the tree
yes number that's right but then we got
to put the star on do you remember our
tradition I gotta pee you on top of the
tree I've been putting on top of the
tree seat you're a little baby you did
you plentiful I just pretend you did our
star get bigger look over there all
right we'll get close now we're going to
put the real angel top of the tree and
we'll let Symphony do the honors all
right with the angel up there looks good
Symphony she's leaning a little bit but
that's okay here's our tree what buddy
oh no would you do
oh right let's chocolate droplets
I'm coming down my favorite slide all
right the mountain has come to a closing
and Nia is gonna pick comment of the day
randomly ready there where did you guys
leave Juliet when you went Christmas
shopping PS sorry if I'm installed her
name by maggie Redcorn
good question Maggie we left out the
kids day in at the church yeah she hang
out with Nicki
yeah well hope you guys enjoyed
decorating the tree with us what what do
you want to say it want to pop that
pimple and you know so bad does Papa
knows that box over there guys that says
Hasbro on it we're gonna open that up
tomorrow it's going to be exciting
I'm not exactly sure what's on there
it's kind of a surprise for us as well
can we fine
don't forget guys we love you remember
to love each other
Oh
we're in this together
