happy raining Saturday she said hey you
guys today we are off to do some
Christmas shopping we're gonna drop
Abramoff's at church which we're having
like a parent stay out how you're gonna
make kids day in we're gonna get to put
all your friends at church buddy
it's gonna be fun they even have PB&J
see his face light up Symphony is with
my sister Rachel what are they up to
hi sleeping right now oh and he is
driving because I put the boy dressed
right
shake my head like an air see you later
dude
Christmas winter rainy date is starting
Sam's a sleepyhead he has his cooter my
deal is he doesn't wake his butt up I'm
not doing the pranks
this will look really good in our loot
living room it's like faux wood don't
have plenty of wrapping paper at home no
I don't think I have a bunch of like old
rolls for like three or four Christmases
past and I want to get rid of them all
and Sam's like just don't like that's
what you just said get rid of all then
you said so far away I want to use them
all up this year you should just get a
bunch of these sandbags I'm gonna throw
that back put gifts inside look the
perfect plumbers it's not funny yeah
it's a little faucet fussing - going for
Andrew I could top his gift with it is
that it waste
yeah it is you don't give ornament as a
Christmas gift which is a roll-top the
guess Oh pennies
those are going to be something that
like this corndog
Julie or this one's really nice goes
with the theme of the room doesn't it
Rick
oh no mister the first thing a wifey did
Christmas shopping wifey Tim today I had
any babe I had this info should I wait
yeah had a very set idea on what I
wanted for decor and Sam came along a
separate side of you wanted to argue me
like no that doesn't match that's not
what I wanted but I decided to be an
agreeable wife and let my husband choose
the tree skirt instead of trying to
argue with him and make a big fuss about
what I had pictured in our living room
so I wanted to I wanted to make a big
present but I didn't really think the
one that you picked kind of goes so
that's just my wifey little tip I feel
like after that moment he really perked
up to what if I had to shut him down and
I was like no I'm doing this and I'm
picking this so anyway we're gonna go
mess around Walmart or Target
do it don't do it
it was fun shopping it really was
sometimes it's stressful sometimes I get
overwhelmed by it all but I had a good
time
so now we're wrapping gifts get lights
on the tree watching the office oh
really it was napping now Julia's awake
and Sydney is on her way home
what did baby doing oh it's so bright
oh I'm sorry she still manages a smile
she's a sweetest girl always manages a
smile oh you're such a precious girl you
would be such a sweetheart I did see it
you're gonna be a sweetie
Metheny we'll be home in just a little
bit from Sam's sister's house and I got
her two gifts today that she asked for
hey I told her no I said it's too late
honey you didn't tell me one of those
already did all the Christmas shopping
so I did go ahead and get those wraps so
that she doesn't know what they are
dangerous man hey do you have an answer
sorry
you have an itch everybody you like that
thing yeah you know what this is for to
hold a stocking you could put your
stocking on there if you wanna hey
you're supposed to see that why'd you
show America's gonna start pounding
sound everything okay I was talking
it never gets old turning on the street
you guys it's just magical every single
time oh no what happened
Oh No
what about uh-oh so one of you guys
asked in the comments below we were
worried about something shorting out and
it did rain pretty hard but how do we
fix it pretty sure this is the problem
area I thank goodness it's wearing a
reach right just had somebody stop in
the road and said oh hey we were just
going to drive by to see the tree
I was like sorry I just had a fuse go
out should be on in 10 minutes let's see
if that's true or not here in a second
what a bummer don't do this
to Daddy all I just have one random and
go out like that that's concerning man
alright stress again you could come back
now you come see the tree everybody
anybody come and see r CJ goes there oh
why it's a whi this is mine I picked it
up check that out guys that's cool
where's Abraham's this one oh you got a
snowman yeah mommy got the dear Helene
sippin II got that one and then we
rolled Tyner Tiny's got the baby's first
Christmas
there's no bunny on it but really cute
little still little woodland animals
Magister theme I wonder how much weight
this can handle cuz I want a lot in mind
ever here they are buddy you could turn
the switch on for me okay you want to oh
woops sorry
turn the switch on push it
hey maybe we got here
oh isn't that cool buddy you got you a
ninja turtle warning is hanging upside
down Suzy's arm hi Rach here I'll just
take the stuff and you can go I'm
thinking yourself nice hair
a nice sweater thanks Sam Mitchell died
her hair blue-grey silver black what you
got her hair smoky blue - okay do you
weigh yeah
Thank You Rachel Richard got me more
lights because I ran out of lights oh I
can't just use the horrible richer got
the wrong I got the right lights but the
wrong shape we got the little circle
balls are really cute and coolest tree
yeah thank you no no don't open them I
don't wanna let's just look at this
gorgeous almost Oh cute I know but I
really wanted the round shape it has
like me woozy type look to it I copy if
you look at the pictures they're
identical but I don't know how I didn't
notice
I don't me a big Walmart carries those I
don't finish look online first yeah
daddy
do you know what this is made out of I
have no idea clay no way I made it by
myself
you made this guy everything whoa who is
that oh it's me you in a dress such a
long neck hmm I can't
damn it and you look pretty cute though
I like that school were created look how
sparkly this clay whoo
either cookies for a current one no
they're for liking your horse cookies
Oh horse cookies in my bed you didn't
ruin Christmas after all Rach
congratulations oh all the way back
to Target and got them
like you guys sure what you're really
festive I've become kind of a pro at
really light on fries waiting almost
little perfectionist so many people are
stopping on our Street guys is crazy we
had like four cars almost like a traffic
jam out there people just drive around
slow looking at the trees there's
something out there right now my sister
said the guy who actually decorated for
Terrell the city of Terrell stopped out
there and said wow he beat me and he's
just out there yeah it was a family just
sitting on your car they might just want
the tree that needs a home could be
viewers so this is who was parked in the
road over there hi guys that came all
the way from Wolfe point which is about
a 20 minute drive just to see this I saw
it on Facebook drove over here okay so
one of the girls that was here was in
Rachel's grade one of the guys was in
Sam's great in high school and then two
of them were in my grade in high spit
that was really cool getting to see some
old friends Sam your tree that's rigor
bringing people together yes ready to
light the Christmas tree are you ready
turtle guy hmm
so there's a living strands of lights on
that tree I usually just go with like
two strands they're kind of short
stories 50 lights per strand and I still
didn't have enough I think the top is
going like kind of dumb because I just
stretch it really tight up there 3 2 1
oh wow that's really cute it looks
really really cool at the bottom yeah
another spray oh look how is it like you
like away broom yeah Merry Christmas
buddy daddy we're missing a piece
yeah we are honey get another strand
okay wait maybe two what we do need to
get a star we'll get that later okay
yeah well in a word look for soap woody
well I handed blue oh man did blow they
are pretty huh what pen is blue
offender
because your patient great thanks Sam
all right guys coming on today comes
from Jessica our I really really really
really really want a salmon your shirt
now you can have a shirt guys we're
selling winter themed t-shirts but I'm
not positive if it's going to be
available today your today if it is
available I'll put a link in the
description we're having some trouble
communicating between this is a shirt we
designed we want to come up with
something that was wint trish and
something that um something that
symbolized individuality and all of our
uniqueness coming together and making
something really big and amazing we want
to convey community together Ness you
know like we promote here at 7 a.m. is
together exactly so this is a shirt we
came up with together these are
snowflakes guys each of the individual
snowflakes represent all of us the big
snowflake represents us coming together
and creating something bigger and
stronger and there's something as
beautiful as the individual snowflakes
we're going to have this available and
blue kit that's women's style sweater
and a hoodie I love this hoodie you
definitely want to get my hands on one
of those I'm trying to give the price
down cheaper right now the shirts of $25
because of the detail on the shirt they
have to digitally print them and so it
cost more I thought it would be no more
than $20 I was trying to get down to 15
but they said that's not possible they
said they could make down to 20 with a
cheaper quality shirt I want to offer
two different shirts for the people who
do want to pay the extra price for the
better shirt but um anyway they'll be
from twenty to twenty-five dollars for
the shirts oh and also again these funds
are going straight to the fam basic org
website which is in the making right now
we have a team together to develop the
website so far we just have the home
page we have all the concepts down how
we want it to look just takes a lot of
time and it's it's kind of expensive to
get a website going like this but more
on that soon again all this is going to
that fan base it'll work as a reminder
is a site that is going to be
educated to you guys our subscribers and
a way for us to help you guys a way for
us to give back but we'll see you guys
well don't forget we love you and
remember to top each other
we're in this together
