I think it does happy girl huh he's
supposed to be taking a morning there
and get her little outfit cuz we are
going to the Christmas tree farm this
was symphony and Abrams when they were
little
good morning guys it's tree farm day in
this together
the founder guys the matricis 50 to 80%
here we go
you get a tiny tree well I don't see why
not for our own work and you can put our
presents on there there in the present
we get bit around one set and we make
for you
yes sir John
before we want to cut our own if you saw
appreciate it ever let's go cut a tree
her baby
come on there's a bright star shining
tonight I have never seen before
it makes the snow come alive with light
like a spotlight on the glistening
winter floor and I'm thinking of you and
how I'm just nearby
I know what I gotta do I must give it a
try
so won't you come up with me tonight on
a Christmas tree it's a
the cities in this gown so come and take
a Christmas true
me tonight
we can take a shortcut through the park
walk will close holding hands there in
the dark have some hot chocolate in a
day
that doesn't that sound like something
all the cool little attractions are
closed here yes for land we shoulda came
yesterday that's what's called yes land
oh we shoulda came tomorrow butcher came
tomorrow yes ma'am on a Saturday I can't
tomorrow land I think we decided we're
not going to cut our own tree down this
year because we want one of the softer
ones I think a spruce the nicer ones
that don't leave a mess and they're easy
to decorate because they don't hurt your
hands I think we're going to get one of
those instead this year
oh there she is beautiful it's the one
this is a one I found the one about the
one
it's just perfect this side will show
that'll be the one I'll be the part that
goes in the corner we're gonna keep
looking
I found it I found the one this is it
what about this one this has a good
little poof to it but there's no room
for presents we need a lot of room for
the presents don't we a lot and I mean a
lot of room
it sure does yeah I think that one's too
tall oh this one's pretty nice low
profile
here's a low profile one I like the low
profile low profile is low profile short
for low profile whoo I found it this one
this is the tree yeah it's a nice one
I just won 100 bucks I wonder probably
cuz it's a little bit better shape than
the other one we sing jingle bells at
school yeah sing it I only hear you sing
it sing the whole song Jim Bell jingle
bells quick what do you guys think this
tree this one I really like this one or
this one this one actually you know I
really like it so I keep going back to
it I keep going back to this one yeah
this is the one like what do you think
of that one suppose
that's which whatever they found it
there it is that's the one guys you like
that woman this one right here
the kids have spoken hey Charlie does
that look like Charlie for you every
ticket okay I like to carry my own tree
in my own thing okay
that's the manly thing to do so we're
all crossing it now because it takes two
hours we're out way way off our
treatment two hours
sorry guys rub frosting it this time it
takes too long we're just going to get a
green green that's our ornament oh cool
this is wrong
getting to snowboarder yeah cool thank
you oh you're get that one okay we have
a tree officially I'm so excited
tomorrow we're going to decorate it
first we're gonna go get some things to
decorate it with I would like to have a
theme last year we had a theme of like a
rustic kind of woodsy theme
leave right he can make some paper one
follow matter how oh maybe he really is
when the Safety's in this gown
it's a come on auntie
Christmas roll with me tonight
is much too short
it passes by
so take a leap up
guys look at this big girl sitting and
playing she's sitting unassisted but I
put this behind her just in case she
starts to wobble o Christmas tree o
Christmas tree coming in the house you
guys blanket o Christmas tree o
Christmas tree o Christmas guys this is
the real Christmas tree been about 5 10
minutes she's still here playing she to
beggining baby I'm the kind of day one
go dead Go Daddy Go Daddy Go Daddy Go
Daddy
so this spike here guys goes right into
the bottom of the stuff here and put a
hole in for us so we don't have to do
anything oh now we got a hammer up there
you want to give it a few whacks get hit
the metal part right there yep help yeah
all right now daddy's gonna do it
all right Wow daddy's got the big bun
every Mississippi you guys get to stand
it up you got to get under the tree and
lift it up yeah forget over if you've
got this go in there push it up not down
all right I guess I gotta gosh the tree
is too big again no honey you just made
marks on the ceiling
imean
roll the piece we dropped it off the car
you broke it you broke our Christmas
tree oh yeah I'm pretty slow oh yeah we
could decorate yeah yeah I'm excited
that's kind of nice looking no guys what
we can fail at cute and dilly notate and
Julia's mouth I saw them when she
smelled really big and I stuck my finger
in and I felt that she really does have
teeth and I have a tooth and I have a
grown-up tooth coming in you both have
teeth coming in the same spot oh that's
so cute I'm so excited
here okay put your hand on her shoulder
hey guys let's try to see those teeth up
close
somebody's going on a girlfriend without
Rachel here in just a little bit and Sam
is on a boys night with his brothers
okay guys I'm having a hard time
focusing the camera but you can totally
see them damn it you can but not all
this rain you can okay comment of the
day goes to Maddie
Stosh if can I please please please have
a winter t-shirt I love your channel and
would love to wear it to school on that
note we didn't get everything ready like
we thought we were going to some stuff
was behind and so we're gonna announce
it tomorrow for sure tomorrow come back
and we will have the winter t-shirt
ready for you guys to view so excited
about it I personally love it Sam loves
it it's something that everyone can
enjoy and but until then don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
we're in this together
