good morning guys we're just chilling
having a lazy day I have to tackle
yesterday's petitions there's so much
left over from the party last night it
was so much fun you guys
I think I got a little bit of a sore
throat from being outside I thought I
was getting sick but I actually don't
feel that bad so are you getting all
dressed up for grandpa
I think Abram heard me talking about my
grandma he went and got his shoes he
said these are like my papa's shoes
still cute you want to do what Mama's
doing are you gonna do the dishes with
me or why here yeah it's tight is tight
tight okay there you go you ready to go
no maybe you should dig a little more
and this is where you made your
chocolate pie yeah yummy hey I made a
chocolate pie and is it tasty oh you're
done with you is it good yeah it plugged
that ball whoo he's popped the ball yeah
Ted's gonna be kind of a boring vlog
guys I'm sorry
I think full responsibility for that I
was really busy this morning Nia having
kids and now she's really busy and I
have a kids and well when I was supposed
to be taking Oreo to the vet she's not
eating like she should so I was gonna
take her to get her checkup and just get
her looked at make sure she's not learns
cuz it seems like it's getting worse
she already had a which already has a
horrible appetite but recently she's
like just like see like she's getting
skinnier and if it's not worms
it's her anxiety and I'm gonna see if
they'll give her something for that like
Andrea or xanax or something I don't
know what they give dog that kind of
thing what Jack stated but remember when
I forgot cool Jackson dude yeah what'd
you do did you tell your teacher what
did you do did you push him back
yeah good did you say please don't push
me what did you do did you cry did you
do you give them a hug oh did you give
him a spanking
what did you do man what did you do you
don't laugh and cry all day yeah did you
fall to the ground and act like a fish
out of water
 you're doing right now
a little Higgs just entertain yourself
yeah Willy Bick
watch your step take a bite
I love pickles how many lucky ones well
I have tasted so sour if I'm look how
many I'm getting that day for me a
coffee cup juice yep
mango juice yep now you put coffee in it
Oh juice
did you think I was lying to you
Symphony mm-hmm well then you will pay
punching your dad die away you okay you
getting too feisty with me I know you're
strong girl you're copying me on the cow
yeah but I think I play with you I'm
playing with you and I grunts you're
gonna good point sweetie
I don't know what to say to that how
about this I won't throw your couch
anymore without your permission if you
don't touch me anymore without my
permission
okay you got a deal sis let's shake on
it let's go to the lights on guys really
hair up to here and all the pickles that
ate this was a brighter jar uh come on
you got this
Oh
maybe should have counted it down from
30 well I just saw oh there it is
another matrix even in nature Satya
honey my stuff oh sorry
this morning I Starbucks when I met up
with Heath the cashier said I know this
is weird
this is all the way off all it's 30
minutes from where I live she was like I
know this is weird but I just want to
say I really love your tree shut those
crazy I've never liked the day after I
light it somebody at 30 30 minutes away
is complimenting me on the tree it's
like man I've been posted the video and
it's already going viral and I know
something I'll bet that'll cover like
this I'm back guys and as promised we're
gonna start our advent calendar now I'm
just gonna dig it out honey I think this
night calls for a non-alcoholic
sparkling blueberry grape juice cocktail
I'll drink to that
this is from the great torini we're
gonna have drink on hill because it's
just that kind of night for us looks
tasty
oh sorry yeah what do you think of that
it's really good I wish real wine tasted
like this two three it's your own felt
Christmas tree we're going to decorate
it for Advent remember we did a forum it
was like that's kind of toy at all mode
your Christmas ornaments like to put at
the bottom of it
don't put it right here something looks
like a drunk series like it's on the
wine out laughing that good somebody
blueberry juice a holic joy yeah paper
you might want to hear the story that
goes along with it for tonight but
everybody to hear what I wanna hear what
Moe jeez yeah since when do you call
more Moe jeez hey do you guys know
what's coming up yeah what's good
christmas is coming up what do we
celebrate it baby Jesus's birthday
that's right we celebrate Jesus don't
world
come on are you guys excited are you
excited for Christmas yeah yeah this
time we're gonna start with hope what do
you think about hope can you give me an
example
what I hope friended fat Chris I hope it
was at Christmas or like I hope I get
this toy I hope I get a raise at my work
sometimes grown-ups have hopes to but
the thing about our hope in Jesus it's a
certainty and it's not just something
that we wish will happen that might not
happen but it will it will happen our
hope in Jesus he says he will return
maybe you can pick a face else I'm gonna
put one there ooh
that's true good princess we can tell
hey who are you door over here you did
bouncing around okay what's up
are you gonna put anything in my eyes
this is a dish I have been wanting to
learn how to make and add the perfect
mix for at Cosco it's risotto
chicken mushroom
with my wife
oh I can't understand what everyone's
trying to tell us God we way sir here
but I say get to my phone see if Siri
can understand okay daddy why sure
interesting question Stephanie please
call me Sam what you're saying is it's
Tiger Connie wake up until next time yo
she thought he said see you later she
doesn't know either buddy do you guys
know what he's saying let us know
comment section below this is what the
tree looks like when you're driving up
on it guys just getting back from
Walmart to get some milk some cereal
camera just doesn't do it justice though
just doesn't are you doing is it kind of
chilly today I was reading in my book
about what is your place that you want
to have quiet time you should have a
place that you love you find your place
and I decided that this winter this is
my place sometimes I like to come out
here when the kids are all sleeping mad
and just pulling their life's biggest
questions you know like why do we stand
when we walk or why do we sit when we
poop just stuff like that this crazy
world that we call life guys so comment
of the day goes to Julia Neal the tree
is so amazing that it made me cry what a
special memory for your kids to have to
remember and look back on with y'all
congratulations on fulfilling your dream
Sam Thank You Julia in the comments
section everybody's being so kind and
just so thankful for you guys so
thankful that you guys are enjoying this
with us in this dream of mine that came
true it was just so exciting but uh yeah
we'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
he got me he got me
we're in this together
