my brother you are
made by the same guy
by the same heart
got to live
got to give
well
in this together we are getting all
geared up for tonight you guys it's
going down I went to Walmart and I found
candy canes
chocolate mint candy canes we've got
regular marshmallows and I found these
adorable peppermint marshmallows heck
yeah should we taste one yeah hot cocoa
is warming in the crock-pot and just in
case I run out quickly I've got an extra
little batch right here I'm mixing up
and I'm going to keep it to the side
Sam's getting the yard ready making room
for parking uncle Andrew just arrived
like two seconds ago where you put into
work whoa careful his little elf helper
down here there you go sister hi guys
it's can stop any phone
I'm so excited my hair is a hot mess
this is not how I was gonna wear my hair
this was like my pre Pony before ever
get helped by go get dressed for the
party the great Teddy's here I gonna do
some tricks for us tonight there might
be a little little impromptu with pretty
tiny cool I'll be offering honor to
celebrate thanks man my brothers are
here Andrea hi Andrea hi Andrew nice
haircut buddy
what Andrew split up about time savers
hang out I'll show your head right hey
guys would you bring me wrong oh no we
brought healthy fruit
it looks like fruit that's was singing
the first for a few days this is for you
no foolin I really want you to have this
you want to look at it inspect it do you
like it just a piece of paper if we take
just even a piece of paper oh it gets
better
what's the theme verse love one another
love one another I mean look at that you
just build a little harder emoji how's
it looking babe looking good we ran out
of hot chocolate before anyone but your
siblings came almost ran out of hot
chocolate I didn't know people are
drinking it major and Matthew got some
Oh
Sally's over with the best necklace here
that's awesome you have to take it off
though where we like a tree does I think
it overpower it I'm just kidding your
take this is Sally your neighbor welcome
Sally see that someone from the park we
need something light out here guys can't
see man where is everybody
sandy and Eric just made it I'm supposed
to say something to everybody a little
nervous about it I asked Mike to do it
and he said I want you to do it man be
praying about it but other people show
up honey I'm turning in nervous I wasn't
nervous is happy to go I don't want to
say I have been praying for you all day
you have I'm not going to say much
because I know I'll just start rambling
because then I get nervous I just start
rambling we're about to announce the
lighting of the tree and Heath just met
it right in time thanks for coming guys
happy birthday Macey Macy's four years
old today this is who we actually did a
tree for we got a lot of people waiting
over here back there you can't really
see it here so we're going to go ahead
and light the tree okay how do the
nachos taste like they're bad oh yeah
that stuff is so good at simpatico
we have some school friends here my
school friends are you guys not to bring
anything and my mom's my ravioli she's
not the baby we got dinner covered this
time I didn't this is something I've
been wanting to do for several years now
and I just think it's such a it's really
cool that it happened I happen to be
able to do it on the brightest year of
mine in my family's life having you guys
are my family and our GC grew big thank
you he really just getting us to where
we are to them normalizing Oh just so
happy fingers appear just won't wait a
little burst before we turn up I did
name this tree saw this little light of
mine no she's not going to be little
wait let your light shine before men
that they may see your good works the
fire father through the death of a dead
again goodbye this time
so much better than I imagined away
amazing bro this is better is it there's
something close to here where you drive
through and you get to see all the
Christmas lights this is better than
that
we did a Bible story and it was about if
you have a my I didn't really today
yeah and I just if you have a light you
have Jesus you want hang at me your
pocket oh cool yeah so that's what
sifting learn today she didn't tell me
that on the way home
Nicky never recall Ionesco her even hers
in third Hungary I had in first grade
though it was much Monday I call NEX
heizak succumbing for it magic trick
magic trick see these guys can't stop
looking at you guys mesmerized over here
if the true were to fall it would
definitely go that way yeah it's time to
break out this baby
we ran out me and Sam haven't even had
any yet and we just had some people show
up so I know some people are you going
with this together
I'm really excited how everything went
gods but I am a tad bit disappointed
Erik the guy who is notorious reporting
out people's laws just given a hard time
out and found a spot with lights
networking hey what's up man
there's the tree he delivered the lights
yeah we're living up tonight man I'm
glad you made it to see her Sam who
popped in what did he do
we're z4u there he is
not this sub Oh heard you put my ball
I'll asked everybody not to kick it bro
I ain't kidding
doesn't my hand I just said you kick it
like really ref you popped it yeah give
me 200 bucks
whoa yep it was 200 bucks
nice sweater age sweater every day okay
you don't even watch our videos right
back just watching together is how the
trees can feel yeah oh you heard that
yeah that is really I wanted - you
talking there's a spot that's out guys
here's what a Merthyr what a lie Tim can
you go fix it for me
yeah like jump up no the lift is over
there I still have to live I like is
kind of dirty okay
he's car died it's making the vlog he
popped my ball his car died that's how
life works
Christian vlog not a karma vlog you got
a corner boy he's here to save the day
man really yeah Katie's a car I've been
working hard over here what's he doing
little buddy
where you going to it the leaves
okay were you going to take them your
playground okay
come back this way sipper you showed
them how to climb a tree get out of city
streets do something funny do something
funny
everybody's gone now it's quiet out here
what are you little so sweet huh no
that's the seed yeah that's the part you
eat so cute she grabbed it from why
she's getting a bottle well she didn't
eat much of her baby food she was so
cold and just so crank homages made her
wine I don't know I just felt like she
needed a dia mommy milk oh yes giving it
to her then she started reaching for it
then then then I just looked out like
drinkin already doing there
hey everyone's gay PJs on buddy we'll
clean that dirty face look at that xxx
guy time for comment of the day with
finally my plate of nachos I have an
eyeball and everyone's nachos all night
long they were really good where are
they you were help she just wasn't warm
enough just when you got it don't think
that think of it was the speaker I
bought the speaker so with blare music
when the tree turned on and somebody was
turning it down while I was plugging in
the tree ah comment of the day goes to
Bri Bri are you guys gonna do the
Christmas countdown this year yes we are
starting actually tomorrow I planned on
starting I wanted to start this last
weekend but it was busy and it didn't
happen at church me and the other
leaders of reach kids we came up with an
Advent thing that we're doing with this
felt Christmas tree and each week there
new ornament on the tree that goes along
with the things of Advent which is hope
peace joy love all that and so I'm going
to be mirroring like basically doing
exactly what we're doing at church here
at home with the kids also but I got our
own tree and we have our own ornaments
and they're different well thanks for
watching us light up our tree and spend
time with our close friends in our
neighborhood and our family we'll see
you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember
something each other
Oh
we're in this together
