pull-up band to the be to the a to the
si suit we missed you guys yesterday
right honey
don't lie we miss you guys a lot really
did it's not the same right here without
the camera in my face we are off to go
get ready for our little shindig we're
having here tomorrow night our tree
lighting party
Teletubby looks like a widow Teletubbies
come on broseph what's up man get some
what yes we are what kind of juicy you
are
mango juice alright you got it
hop on him did you find her yet
we lost mommy went to go drop up some
donations while she got a head start and
now we can't find her
hey put the sample though what are we
have your cheese puffs thank you
hmm here I'm sure one of those she let
you look miserable
I think she got my cold so sad they good
the truck we good
what was that so far where I picked up
as a speaker and a table I got a speaker
because I want to blast music when we
turn the lights on tomorrow and I think
it's going to be oh would you look at
that thank you
hey who's behind you I can't find
anything for the hot cocoa disability
leah was crying and I handed her this
cup down for a little bit I'm gonna
clean the driveway girl filthy it is
mommy's nursing the baby outside did you
say hey videos
oh hey Bevers how was school
look at that flare
I'm trying to get a spot out of concrete
where the acorns love marks please
Thank You Timmy yeah take courses with
guitar this pressure sprayer came and
get it off
well I missed you today I could tell I
could tell when I went into her crib in
the morning after she woke up that she
thought was my sister
where's my sister when I play with her
baby she's been reaching you take I
don't know
we all wanted one people come on come on
come on
citrus degrees whose no germicidal huh I
mean an acid is what I need this accept
oh how about acidic toilet bowl cleaner
yeah that sounds strong I know they have
some major concrete what there's a
driveway cleaner but I read some reviews
on the Zipp and they weren't great
reviews
that's a nice driveway yeah this is what
the lady in the paint department showed
me your attic acid the only problem is
I'm afraid they'll kill the grass and I
decided the driveway I kinda want to
wait to hear what you guys have to say
because I noticed you guys are going off
so we get opinions on us so maybe I
should buy these two and then wait to
see what you have to say before I don't
know I really gotta get started ooh
yummy can I have a look can a brother
look whilst naming the kids went to Home
Depot I tried to make a dent in our
Costco trip and Juliette here just kind
of had a meltdown like a big big big
meltdown so we're having some baby food
we took the sweetest nap together on the
couch well she's left in my arms I
didn't really sleep and I did rest it
was very relaxing quiet in the house and
I haven't held her like totally asleep
in a very long time for that long so I
was really sweet she's pooping right now
baby I do Lucy took your head here
there's her loose tooth right there
that's your loose tooth right and she's
got two adult teeth going in right
behind it
look at those oh man what do you guys do
is that what you journals do you pull
my poem ourselves that one it's ready
she said that one is ready to come out
already and that once it comes out the
other ones upon me pull it off oh well
it's really loose let me see you shaking
a little bit Lucy shake it
why are you doing that with your food
look at those messy baby she's learned
that she can make these noises while she
eats and so she is going to town with it
for the record
Julia had her first taste of sweets
yesterday carrot mango wait carrot mango
banana but give her a little bit after
dinner yesterday we bring peace to my
son a baby pepperoni pizza for you guys
do me super new dude you can't use that
old pizza one day's gonna be able to be
both of these pizzas that's gonna be
crazy good
she's sleeping yeah so how she been
doing then her crib you haven't updated
updated you guys yes student really
really good every night gets a little
bit better I don't wanna jinx it but
it's she's doing really good tonight it
is officially a week I think it has been
almost a week officially and she's doing
really good I feel like she does better
every night
and how she do the first type of pair of
that's not really well the first night
she went in she was used to sleeping in
her little cradle and she was really
wanting to stretch out so she had been
waking up three times a night that's a
lot for her and now she's only been
waking up one time in the middle of the
night that's it one time I'm so blessed
I feel so blessed by that sometimes
she'll wake up once in the middle of the
night and then again like at 6:30 in the
morning but she goes right back to sleep
and I don't consider that the middle of
the night so I guess she kind of wakes
up two times because I usually go back
to sleep but anyway she's to be so good
I'm so proud of her the key with her is
nursing her a little longer than what
she normally feeds like even when I'm
all out of milk just let her keep
nursing for comfort and then laying her
down while she's still kind of awake and
turning on her mobile with her little
she has like a little lovey that she
sleeps with and you haven't heard this
yet she was sleeping with this blanket
like in her swing next to us so we could
see her and she never left it over her
face or anything like that all night
long but so when we put her in her crib
she couldn't sleep without this blanket
and we didn't want to leave it in there
overnight I was stressing out two pieces
thinking like she's never gonna sleep
again so I found this little lovey that
seems brother David's wife forgave her
it's a bunny and it's the same material
as that blankie so she kind of puts it
up against her face but it can't block
air because of how small it is so school
all right guys comment of the day goes
to Jessica shin I want to see the tree
emoji crying emoji crying when pouring
out tears one just one tear ahhh all
caps she's excited oh my gosh well guys
a lot of people are saying that I didn't
show the tree yesterday on purpose
because tomorrow we're having a party at
our house that our driveway a block
party to light the tree with friends and
family and people in the neighborhood
and even though they've already seen
come back tomorrow to see the tree it's
gonna be amazing
don't forget I love you and remember
we're in this together
