this is it guys my last two boxes of
lights that's right two more boxes no
that means no this doesn't get two more
branches but I'm very close to being
done so here we go
a long day ahead of me I have to finish
today because tomorrow is going to be
raining I gotta clean up all this before
it rains
and then Monday is supposed to be
writing in a Tuesday we're gonna like
the truth but come on you guys pinky
that's your looks like your middle one
why's it hurting you smash it I don't
have any electrical tape now it's black
tape last night when you guys saw me in
the vlog it was 3:00 a.m. I had a really
late night with my friends trying to
finish up the show we didn't finish it
up so we're gonna finish it tonight we
only have one episode left oh it's an
hour and a half symphony you be careful
we are at one of the final spot one of
the final spots so I got to do this
branch here and all its branches and
then I'm gonna do these right where I'm
at I've had to get off this basket a few
times
I'll get my rope here I'm using a rope
there's a harness take off dead sticks
here and I had to get off and climb some
of the tree to get to the very top
because this thing only go 60 feet and
this tree is probably like 65 and that
was really important to me when I was
doing this tree to get the very top as
high as I can possibly get so when we're
at the end of the road you can see that
alright here we go
in a message
of love
sympathy Ivan way
this Christmas
we'll be something my sister believes
that trees and plants can actually hear
you and feel your presence and stuff
like that if that's true this tree
probably got more attention and more
touch than it ever received in this
entire life I have basically touched
every square and inch of this tree with
my hands every square inch of it
everywhere and took up all the dead
branches I'm sure he feels appreciative
that I took off all the dead parts and
the mistletoe that was killing it
so I'm wondering if all the touch and
pruning I'm doing outweighs the bondage
I'm giving it and the few staples that
I'm using what you guys think there's
cliff hi cliff I am tucked away in this
tree it's kind of tricky getting in here
look at that view that's beautiful yeah
awesome
Sam left me to edit the vlog today it's
uploaded
that's rare he does not ever just leave
it in my hands I think he had a
particularly with the tree I don't know
what happened the kids are having
horrible meltdowns so when once they go
on a little road trip don't want to ride
with me to go get something where's our
heart
we're gonna go to los hermanos and get
tacos for the rest of my party tonight
let's go come on hop down no we don't
need shoes
but you guys I got a spoiler from it
it's so stupid I wanted to know if one
of the characters in the show played a
double role I thought for sure that she
played a double role so I went on imbd
to check it out and sure enough she did
play the double role and I saw a
question and nope there was a spoiler
and one of my friends already finished
it and I told her and she just wrote me
and was like you know it's probably good
that you have somewhat of an idea
because I was really shocked and had to
process it so we'll see I don't know how
I feel about this
I'm having some mixed emotions because I
think I know exactly what happened and
exactly how it ends now
I got 20 street tacos a large queso rice
and beans and an order of p6 just
because it's not about and they're
symphonies favorite need to get so much
food my goodness just three girls and
one man why in the TK I guess
technically that is right geez just
finish the tree that car didn't slow
down everybody that's been driving by
has been stopping that look at the tree
neither we're only done the winter it's
like wow you did a good job like
magnificent you guys the light on her
face guys that's from the tree it is lit
out here look at this how do you hold
this I feel good accomplished but at the
same time I feel kind of sad that it's
all over oh it's been a dream of mine
for the past several years I finally did
it and I really enjoyed the process of
it like really enjoyed being up there
doing it so much so that I try to fix a
couple more light strands just so I
could get back up there and do a few
more yeah but it's crazy you guys
because not every single branch is lit
but it looks like it is and you can tell
that he had to like pick and choose
where to put things and you just did
such a good job making it look balanced
art yeah balance it just looks like an
art work I did feel very creative I was
up there more than I thought I would
just felt like I had to choose what
branches would look good which one's
gonna look at underneath it on top and
what he says I should cut off guys
you're welcome sweetie this guy over
here cliff he's just so excited he's
probably as excited as I am about this
he's such a nice guy okay he came out
was like walls up in the trees like it's
a masterpiece he's a really cool guy
he's been helping samret can do little
things so cute and then somebody else
another neighbors stopped by just now
instead you can see it all the way from
205 which is a highway that's way over
there let's hit this car will slow down
you're being evicted from the living
room sandy didn't make it she has a
migraine Courtney's here loading up on
more food and we are about to knock this
out of the water what happens who gets
married who doesn't who has babies who
doesn't does anyone I don't know we
don't know yeah what is your final
prediction let's give our like legit
predictions and then we're gonna
FaceTime our friend Katie later
following my prediction is that one of
them gets married and one of them has a
child of some sort because they're gonna
do the circus oh yeah yeah oh I don't
know oh she does a baby she's a baby
like lure like and then she's a young
single mother like Lorelei that is my
prediction they want to say it all the
way out loud that is my total prediction
and that's not the spoiler I got a I got
a spoiler house on Courtney
but the spoiler I did get led me to
think maybe that's how it actually ends
don't know I still got on the last four
words it's ridiculous spoiler alert stop
watching you be I don't watch this show
yet oh my gosh
ah my theory was that she was gonna be
pregnant I was right thankfully it
wasn't by the wookie if you don't know
we don't know are we seriously not gonna
get to see her life come to like
completion we have to wait another 10
years maybe Netflix will do a spinoff
he's like oh yeah I mean I can only hope
so
maybe that'd be amazing huh and her is
she pregnant with is it Logan is it a
wookie that's what happened to Jess if
you ran off and he was like me well
overall I'm really happy with how did
happy I am like I want to go back and
watch all the episodes now from like the
beginning or all the beginning yeah me
too getting and just saw the scene with
Dean made me cry Calum Menagerie OVA
Abram is so adorable and the way he
pronounced things
thank you I agree he is adorable he
pronounces things really cute right now
I'm kind of sad for that face to end but
anyways well we've officially watched
the Oh more girls reboot for the first
time yeah re-watch it now I swear those
the last like 10 minutes 10 whole
minutes we're like counting every sin
does it say like let the boy sleep that
was in friggin we were saying it I just
wanna do the whole reboot not leave you
I can see you later
don't forget we love you remember to
love each other
we're in this together
