he's going straight for the hot cocoa
this morning with Mama's mug hey buddy
what happened everyone woke up with
marshmallow that is not good dude it's
all over your nose it's your hands yeah
we pull it out you take it out buddy
I'm gonna be careful I want to kiss you
I'll put those away
I feel you okay your cereal your poor
closer to you get over it
good morning guys our day started off
very similar to how I finished symphony
and her hot chocolate how's it going
today guys it's Black Friday here in
America for those of you who don't know
Black Friday is a day where we go
shopping and get a lot of deals on a lot
of things but I'm not joining in this
time on and caffeine and milk you wanted
you guys to know Captain America but we
are planning to meet with Sam's cousin
Jamie from New Zealand for some lunch
at chick-fil-a chick-fil-a and if the
day just keeps dragging on and on and on
within our spawning it sound like uh
gonna have to cancel here in a minute
guys cuz it's my girl girl watching
party I gotta go to the store and get
pizza and pop-tarts and here all kinds
of red vines and junk food since we have
these plans today I'm letting the kids
skip their naptime in hopes that we'll
leave soon to go meet Sam and his cousin
I mean Sam's cousin Sam's on going
because he is stuck in the tree again
hey we're in the same shot together and
I'm not even in a tree with you they
going what do you listen to to blink-182
bunch of lazy little bombs except you
cutie and check me you don't think
you're a lazy bum today not all day but
right now you sure look like a couch
potato my goodness no ready to go what
it's called a keeper as you can see
everyone skipped their rest time I tried
to get a little bit of quiet time in
didn't really work out though okay guys
the Juliet 6-month birthday approaching
she is gonna ride in the target buggy
like a big girl today we're gonna say
how it goes okay are you guys ready to
see how cute it's gonna be ready here
you hold the camera for me oh oh please
doing here
okay Oh guys
let's go
hi big baby what do you think the
returns line is super long the kids now
they're waiting in line
wait guys we're right interviewer what's
your name I'm Ashley Ashley it's nice to
meet you you guys say hi Ashley hi we're
gonna take a picture with her and her
mom this was supposed to be a quick trip
into Target but the returns area took so
long Juliet's getting fuzzy receipt
because our starting the line
turning out to not be someone really
looking forward to my quick little
target trip just kind of wobbling over a
little bit I think maybe you're a little
too small for this skill we tried it
right we tried it just didn't work out
the way we wanted to well your children
did pretty good in that store yes I like
papa yeah I know you do give me Park Oh
way over there geez I'm way way far away
well that was an interesting little trip
to target we took it wasn't too bad but
it got very overwhelming I know what
time to check out that gift
Abram is very excited rice chips plans
kind of fell through with Sam's cousin
Jamie and pretty sad about it
the kids have been looking forward to
going to chick-fil-a all day so here we
are run the drive-through
Hey
somebody woke up oh you didn't wake up
beer I do got plays well instead of
going into that chick-fil-a I decided to
just bring them to a park that's near
our house and they're so excited I'm so
glad I love the weather right now the
the plans with the place of Sam's cousin
just wasn't working out and I have I'm
hosting a little get-together at my
house this evening and so I needed to be
coming home quicker than I would have
been able to Berlin where we were
supposed to meet and it changed a little
bit anyways I'm really bummed I wanted
to hang out with her guys
all right we are now on our way home and
it is so funny pulling in on a trait
when Sam is up in the tree it's like
hilarious I wonder what other people are
thinking like I'm seeing our neighbors
have to go around the lips and
everything Oh cliff is in our yard he's
so sweet
guys I'm so excited oh my goodness oh I
had a couple of things coming for my
midnight party last night then we found
out that the reboot did not start until
2:00 a.m. our time so we decided to move
it to tonight and we're splitting up
tonight and tomorrow night okay I love
that hood boy the poodles already Gigi
fans will know what this means
oh yeah the first guest has a ride hey
Courtney singing right there I saw this
meme and it was like that moment when
the Lala laws from Gilmore Girls are
happening in your real true life or
whatever and so now every time like a
cinnamon or like heartbreaking or any
kind of moment happened I think like
this would be enough this is Courtney's
mug for the evening love the service in
my Lorelai because they're best friends
and she's my bestie and this one
actually got her friend Katie yeah boy
with the poodle lady thank you but she
couldn't make it tonight and the mug
that ordered for myself didn't come in
so I'm keeping it in Sandy you're not a
true fan she gets the paper Luke's cup
that I brought from that 9:30 last party
guest has a ride where's yep did John
boutt√© in here let's partay watch some
Netflix I'm not oh you're in your jams
oh yes Jenny hates Gilmore Girls totally
welcome to our Gilmore Girls
extravaganza party this doesn't mean a
lot to you but they like pop-tarts and
pizza and we have Luke's diner coffee
that a girl or girls thing Pizza yeah
yes and tacos and Tater Tot okay so
let's make it back here kids are in bed
and it is time to start our show
well Sandy's penetration I'm gonna make
a plate I heard there is a debacle with
the coffee no we figured out except no
house smell this never been another rail
links diner but it smells like it would
be good fine just as ridiculous as I do
nobody just me yeah I know that girl
okay I seen her before good place season
1 episode 1 oh no we're really trouble
playing this our office oh my gosh think
over the plane we're studying it it's
really starting these please please
please how many cups again on this one
none plus I put your safety does that
happy but if Adele be stupid can swap up
the first 15 minutes of Saving Private
Ryan but at least those guys know oh my
gosh no that's her thing so excited
that's how you look when you get off a
plane that's how you say hello you've
been stuffed in a glorified tin can for
the last seven hours surrounded by
people with consumption diphtheria
scabies wait no don't lie why I
don't know what you no idea they're very
rural but the kitchen definitely our
games matter I'm not going to give away
some of this bread hey guys my friends
just went home it dawned on me while I
was laying here just relaxing that Sam
probably did not in the vlog and sure
enough he didn't we made it through
episode three and we chatted about
different things here and there and had
our little revelations about things and
our excitements when characters would
come on but I feel super pleased with
how they like brought back the
characters and how they all stepped back
into their roles there are a couple
things so far that I've disappointed me
just a few things here and there I'll
share more later on I don't want to give
too much away I'm really excited to see
how it ends tomorrow and the last four
words cannot wait we're coming along
with me and hanging out with me of my
friends during our watching party well
for the beginning of it anyways but
anyways we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
we're in this together
