good job heart it's done I'm gonna give
it to her today what I don't care how
much of an old man
what up fan to the beak to the egg to
the s I soon there those guys the table
is finished I just have to pull your
thing the top put a nice clear coat Oh
talk protect it from spills and stuff
it's done I'm gonna give it to her today
so probably my favorite thing I've ever
made in my entire life I just absolutely
love I'm gonna show you the top of it
but I'll show you the rest of it when I
give to Nia later ok so there's the top
of it yeah nice little table top there
take out that texture I got on there you
guys saw me doing I did it last night
with the ball-peen hammer and did the
whole table I just love it so much it
was such a risky move for me I was like
should I do it cuz either I'm not gonna
like it or I am and I just love it I
look it makes you want to put your hands
on it the texture out here
see that it's not so awesome I mean this
is a sturdy table to like it does not
budge at all well it's on unbalanced
ground right now but but it doesn't go
anywhere when you push it this way like
all those tables do you know they come
you a little bit I'm gonna show you
underneath and everything when I show up
Taniya but let's put some polyurethane
on it I'm gonna show you how I got so
sturdy I mean this thing is solid guys I
can't take the anticipation I was just
looking at the photo album on my phone
the app and I was like oh I want to push
it so bad we're connected so if I look
at the pictures and it's gonna ruin the
surprise
I just can't take it I don't do good
with surprises I want to know
immediately I hear a baby bunny talking
in her
I'm gonna teach you how to move your
hair how do you have a hey what you
doing oh good night Oh what do you see a
crime in your bed what is that oh good
job hard oh hey you doing thank you
wonder what
that's right side good job
cut you guys I swear there's really like
nothing sweeter then watching your
little baby try to read and pretend to
read it's the cutest little thing and
she's actually getting some of the words
right I just love it that my kids are
bookworms I think it is the coolest and
sweetest cutest thing ever
I'm a bookworm it seems a bookworm so it
only makes sense that you would like
looks to say Posse back to you
seshu say juice no no no stay mama
that say buh buh buh buh say Dada da
back pops a cc stay
hey do you want to get down did you have
a good nap well she didn't make it very
far she had to stop and read some more
when a sweet sweet baby bunny we're
going right down the road guys and you
got to see how cute Juliet looks i can't
even solve looking at her what day is
this
sometimes when we gotta like right down
the road co-op saying do you want to
ride above a seat
yeah Jules what are you doing in bubble
sheet
I'm telling Bubba I gotta admit I have
missed this while Sam was in Oklahoma
yeah I got to have our little lunch
dates with Jules in a while little
Barbie you're going to eat a sandwich
okay yeah
for the record I'm known for creating
better sponges at some point so I'll
have to test it out in a little bit and
I haven't been here about it
okay maybe sorting Richards got a
minivan which not that many though so if
I eat their sandwich guys there's one
thing I do to eat the whole thing I'm
going to reorder myself for eating
healthy
with those three cookies no that's a dog
packet so what I got here guys is a hand
massager
my carpal tunnel I'm I'm assuming it's
carpal tunnel because I'm waking up with
numbness in my hand and just an aching
wrist aching hands just my right one
really I broke it twice when I was
little the tree once I grabbed must have
a big wrench so backwards and landed and
broke my wrist actually knocked a bone
out of place another time I was climbing
up a water hose up a tree that we had
tied way up in the tree that's coming up
and this snapped and I fell broke it
again so could be related about I'm not
but since I've been working my hands a
lot I've been needing more massaging so
I got this really good thing put your
hand in there has a heat on it and
pressure so just squeezes your hand hard
pushed uphill relieving let's see what
happens here
starting pretty nice I should do it
harder
just feels like a very puffy person
grabbing both of their hands and
pancaking your hand between theirs and
then releasing and then doing it again
wait a minute no the hand is growing
around oh that's nice
so yeah pressure on the palm and then
rolling up to the fingers very nice I
don't care how much of an old man I look
like right now this feels really good
you just left to go to the gym and and
pick up set day so I want to get rid of
that and replace it with that that's up
there because I made mommy a new one
I've been breathing in the house and
surprise the thing is these terms are
definitely not going to match it yeah
there's the bench so what I'm going to
do is eventually make a bench and to get
some spools to match the table it's a
nice table just about wobbling right
there my table doesn't have that you try
to do this at all
little crud take the legs off you know I
should probably leave the table in here
until she sees the table the new table
and see if she likes it you know because
I don't want to put the legs all back
together if she doesn't like it
oh I'm having trouble getting it through
the door here it won't fit through this
door got my house obviously but I think
if I take the pantry door off like a
slide from the legs in there
yeah this is not stable either with this
cable and it's really I have to
tightened I'm just like hold on the
table says I love you always
Wow look at that that's so cool what go
have something in my teeth
mmm oh you are you laughing just wonder
if you're really liking about I know
just curious possibly question Murphy
action I don't how Kenny question me
like a Joe so cool
do you think it's cool are you saying
glad you like you I know what you're
doing that he's doing that because
that's it I do what are you expecting I
really I was expecting exactly this but
obviously I had no idea this was even
think it took strip yeah texture I feel
like this is pretty much what I was
expecting
oh really I was hoping for things that
had like ex looking things in it okay I
was hoping to be able to see metals are
you worried yeah definitely no it does a
good job
hey guys just getting ready to serve up
dinner on our brand-new table beautiful
amazing unique farmhouse Industrial
people I love it so much you guys it's
far out does all my expectations that I
had for a table I just love it every
little detail that I kind of sort of
wanted in my farmhouse a share plus more
this is like elevated I love it so
tonight we're on chicken minestrone
minestrone whoever you say is you call
me and CEO wouldn't want to be young see
ya see you wouldn't want to be ya say
see ya see ya wouldn't wanna wouldn't
wanna be ya see ya wouldn't wanna be I
can't do it one evening I have a kid
that's alright sorry friends are coming
over on a night that's really stormy
here's been thundering and lightning off
and I'm just gonna check my text
double-check there's my Iceland buddy my
students watch your show do it I can't
you guys better be good a Katie in class
better not be giving her any trouble
well the table serve its purpose did and
now I'm going to clean it off so it's
beautiful and clean for tomorrow
excellent how'd you like it back nice
and sturdy you did some dancing on that
table
alright guys God willing we will see you
tomorrow same time same place 5 1
o'clock now 5 anymore at what o'clock
Central Standard Time on YouTube be
there or be square at the Sam near
channel don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other put it under
your tongue but actually this is what
the house is gonna look like on the
inside
starting ballet again tomorrow
go beautiful name
