so it's midnight on Thanksgiving morning
picture this I'm in the bedroom watching
a monitor as Mia's in Abraham's room and
I'm watching her pick him up out of the
bed and rocking him because he had just
died read the bed so she's holding him
after she cleaned him up I'm just
sitting there watching abram are you
okay I was talking to the monitor being
silly
and he goes hey hey then he grabs him is
they are you going to throw up he's like
mm-hmm and then boom went everywhere and
so here we are now
Happy Thanksgiving
in this together whoa hearing a strap
right here mommy looks cute too but
Thanksgiving this is my cooking hair
game where you make the turkey thankful
hashtag dang ball about to go down and
getting y'all I only put this apron on
when I'm doing some hardcore cooking
Sam's pondering over his job
I'm true
only wasn't
so what about you news it means take
your hands and grab the turkey really
big it would be slippery and slimy okay
I'll do it
you're not a fan of this raw meat
touching here Tyson penis count one two
berry girl five six ten so far we're
gonna count I guess I just got to do it
okay hold that magolor really good for
me I did beat if she wants a nap
I'm just gonna put this in the head Oh
Symphony has so kindly grouped
everything together in little stacks for
each casserole that I'm making stuffing
and green bean casserole yummy
some cookies the kids are chowing down
on some early chocolate chip and red
velvet cookies with cream in the middle
while watching the Thanksgiving Day
Parade I'm making Julia her own little
Thanksgiving meal from lunch when she
wakes up from her nap sweet potatoes I'm
going to put a little bit of just a
smidge of ginger and also a little
smidge of nutmeg you really want to put
a brown sugar and it's Thanksgiving I
think I'm going to look at that tiny
pinch so a little bit and there you have
it
sweet potato baby casserole they're
finishing out their third day of
thankfulness Abram he'll look at
somebody whose Symphony you did a
beautiful job on your turkey he said it
like that all those words just like that
Neos i Scrabble Scrabble and I was like
well one day you'll color like Symphony
when you learn said normal I'll scribble
Scrabble are you gonna Scrabble Scrabble
forever whoa oh my goodness as you see
he's feeling much better I'm getting
ready to prepare the stuffing fixes and
symphonies facetiming naina
happy Thanksgiving naina happy
Thanksgiving to you guys we I love you
we miss you
and Rachel made it uncle Juju's back
there doesn't that look pretty good yeah
is it done do you think I have no idea
they're so funny hey buddy what do you
think before oh here we have green bean
casserole sweet potato casserole
stuffing rolls two pies more desserts
cranberry sauce stuffed jalapenos at
Rachel's boyfriend made salad from
Rachel to the Etzel potato salad I mean
see her sweet potato casserole humans
forget it no Turkey will go on her
dinner one of you guys tell us to see if
your meats cooked throw it out the
cupboard and see if it sticks
just any cupboard all right let's do
that one oh I think he's cooked and
cooked shoot so how much longer do we
need to cook it Mario your some of this
yeah how about some of this you want
that or you God it's for Oreo you know
where to go come on mmm yummy she's
excited for Thanksgiving yeah you go
girl
hook there she goes stored in the dirt
good idea
and
everybody's full including Oreo I bet
you guys are full by now - sorry about
my voice it's embarrassing look be bout
Jamie you guys are underneath the
mistletoe that's all over this tree
check this out guys that is awesome so
holding a tree is this so cool how it
all for you together so nicely yeah all
that right there that's mistletoe it's
so thick right there this is all dead
Tiffany that's just great right on top
of the crape myrtle there's eggs in this
nest I thought is another squirrel's
nest so it's trying to take it down
wait me those are acorns oh they're just
acorns who thought this was full of eggs
sneak peek of the tree no wait till
Andrew Rachel leaf nobody gets to seat
but our family at a Tuesday I always win
again crazy tenant row just crazy they
want honey
the Cowboys water I don't want football
I like to watch the Cowboys where they
play for dinner
handmade my mommy
Oh
lick your mouth open no me she's been
very hungry today all day even my mom at
one point with change that baby's eating
too much I think she's having a growth
spurt though she will be six months old
in just a few days today was a pretty
big success you guys we had a little
hiccup here and there you know how it
goes with family but it was really good
overall everyone to like my food and if
they didn't it aligns me my stepping was
a little dry or something I don't know
what the word is but it just was I think
it the way that I wanted it it had a
great flavor not the right texture but
people seem to accommodate me and feed
it anyway
she is just going to town with this
green bean casserole Oh blame her that
was probably my favorite dish ooh
I went crazy with that okay so how Coco
Tommy or Julia gets her bath is she
keeps stopping it let's see if you're
more it suppose to go swimming I suppose
about you women can't touch it it goes
swimming she said get out of my bathtub
good if you're good you're so shiny Oh
oh yes don't let it get in the baby√≠s
but um when it got to you oh yes we're a
boy lady different cute is that tasty go
you almost got a marshmallow you missed
it got a big drink a little bit everyone
break him down he's skipping that today
and he wanted decorate his playing with
markers and we don't have any markers
you're so cute learning how to sip
called sipping for kissing kissing good
Cola kissing some people say they kissed
the coffee yeah everyone was so thankful
to Jesus ha Kalka delicious me pink day
I can't get enough of this gold ring in
her hot cocoa it's so cute I never take
a drink I like nightly oh this one
because as my name in it this man
hello me this is from Glenn reading um
Melanie's sigh Melanie side Symphony you
are so thoughtful and sweet sweet thank
you thank you thank you thank you
Melanie never dumb copper the day that
was cool
hey don't do our altro to tell Gary
good night guys it's you tomorrow thanks
for watching don't forget we love you
and remember to drink hot cocoa like
whenever I say hot couple I like my whip
mm-hmm door what you're such a cutie
in this together
