right good morning crib sleeper I tried
to come in here before somebody got her
so I could pick her up first thing in
the morning but you're just your
daughter you are my brother
you are my sister
made by the same guy nobody say
got to live
got to give love
well
in this together good morning guys how's
it going
julia is taking a rather late morning
nap and so this has been kind of morning
where I send the kids outside just so
that I can take a shower wash my hair I
didn't get to dry it and do my makeup in
peace and quiet let's see how it's going
out here honey we're pretending we're
going to Florida oh we might a new bus
oh cool Abram are you feeling better
you're still sick or oh man you don't
look at it no one Apple okay yeah what
you open these for me hey pick that off
and like this and just set it back at me
look at this guy
you see him literally rolls out of bed
puts a sweater on and hat on sideways
and some Sun shines and he's ready to go
I've just been having an inner meltdown
today that takes me so long to look
decent and get ready and I sent the kids
outside today just so I could put some
makeup on it's not ha all right you look
kinda saying you you feel it's how you
act
beautiful mom rolled out of bed whatever
you're so sweet
well you're sweet thank you alright
where do you guys want to go over here
or should I take
did you hit your head you okay
baby
alright y'all thanks riding Sam pause
blue liftoff y'all have a great day now
bye bye now bye bye now uh goodbye
everyone to go here cross hook hey don't
cross your arms he wants to go again
ever we could go again later buddy I
decided this morning that we are gonna
bake pies for tomorrow the desserts got
left on me I was in charge of green bean
casserole the turkey and we ended up
having no one who was gonna bring
dessert so I was like well we have to
have pies stuffing and I was gonna get
store-bought pies and I thought you know
what it's so much more fun to mix the
eggs and the sugar and I looked up a few
recipes and it's not that hard if you're
not making your own pie crust so I got
pre-made pie crust and we're gonna make
our own pecan pie and pumpkin pie you
ready
ha ha ha are you gonna make the pumpkin
pie or the pecan Pat farrance we are
probably gonna do the pumpkin pie first
Abram do you want to come mix eggs with
Symphony are they cold ready everybody
sure you want to crack when you get
really nasty I'm gonna let sissy crack
and you stir it hey let me get you guys
a whisk
three edges in the bowl little chip and
the bowl and we can do it at the same
time what buddy oh wow no not brown your
eyes hahaha Hopkins hi a broom is a
clinical been hit this next one is
closed symphony when you take a little
smell of it buddy you'll see okay ready
guys look at this big girl measuring
stuff and being so careful you're doing
such a great job
you know I love doping you play I know I
can't even define they just can't see
you on this side of the camera but you
know whither oh great
election cycle
thank you for being patient
sweet mother monkey milk where did you
hear that oh my goodness the
instructions say that the pie is ready
when the knife entered comes out clean
oh it did not come out clean I've got
this cookie and now that the pies are
all done and our table is cleaned again
it's time for thankfulness day number
two baby bro Wow one for Symphony
Symphony can you read that for us
listen I love my oh yes second page for
today flower I colored this same picture
at my school did what's above the
mayflower what is that a picture of mm
it's a map can you read what it says it
says McGraw yeah the crossing of the
Mayflower a long long time ago the
pilgrims had to leave their home they
got on a ship and they went from
Plymouth England and they came all the
way over here to Massachusetts I gotta
let the ship come what that's right what
would you guys think if you left your
home do you know why they left their
home they were being forced to go to
church and to worship in a way that they
didn't want to they wanted freedom to
worship the way they wanted to worship
or to make it pure again and so they got
on the big ship and they went across the
water hey Phil day yeah the Mayflower
and they went across lots of water and
they landed in America
the makes our I did the you don't want
to practice our memory verse for the
week yeah okay it's 536 the Sun has been
setting at 6 o'clock as you can see I'm
walking into living room it's really
dark again and Sam is still up in the
trees
oh it is pretty light outside darkness
can't even see him whoa oh hello how's
it going up there
good
how many more branches do you have tell
daddy what it is daddy kisses my flower
know what good one choose me distant
Mayflower you said it right you threw to
ease my flow yeah
oh my goodness symphony you have made
such a beautiful map symphony has a love
for maps I recently discovered that
probably about a month ago
so I intentionally planned that one of
these days we did these little worksheet
I have a map for her Hey
Hey what are you doing realize you're
awake I didn't know you was awake you
you are here they are in our room
alright I would say that's pretty clean
one little speck of pie
I think the pumpkin pie is ready to come
on out oh my goodness all ready for
Thanksgiving tomorrow yeah okay guys
today is everyone else's Thanksgiving so
let's go around and say what we're
thankful for tonight what a pain
airplanes I'm thankful thank thankful
ever thankful I'm thankful thankful
thank you Bangla I'm thankful to be able
stable in with my family every single
day thankful for babies
um I'm thankful for Juliette mommy daddy
Abram and mommy I'm thankful for my book
and my bed is busy down Sam what are you
thankful for no chunk long I'm thankful
for you guys who also make it possible
for this dude right here to stay home
and thankful that we get to be together
and for the way we balance out each
other there have been a couple of times
today where I got a little overwhelmed
or a lot of room and Sam just totally
balanced out even keel feeling in the
house anything and I'm super super
thankful for that so that being said
happy Thanksgiving to you guys come back
tomorrow to see our Thanksgiving special
I'm thankful for my watch to your lost
and lost
Oh hope you guys are having a good
Thanksgiving come back tomorrow and see
our Thanksgiving special we're gonna be
spending it with our family and we'll
see you guys later
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other bye you guys didn't join
me on the bye
we're in this together
