good morning guys it is the morning
after we got home from our cabin trip
and we are settling back into our cozy
hearts so wonderfully I love my home I'm
sure some of you have heard me say this
before but coming back from a trip just
makes me realize how grateful I am for
my home I just love it I never feel like
I need more or bigger I just I love our
little home there are times when I feel
like we're cramped in here if we have
company and stuff but I just never come
home thinking like oh we're back I love
it here I love our home and it's not the
stuff that's in it it's the feel of it's
the atmosphere here it feels cozy it
feels intimate I just love it I love the
kids have their rooms they both slept so
well last night better than they slept
on our entire trip we all did Juliet
felt better it's just so sweet to be
home what I'm being hopped-up
yeah
starting to rain a little bit when I'm
up there wow so cool
trim in the tree our neighbors blowing
leaves
now I am going to plug them in you guys
can't see that yet
I have just been going going going
non-stop today getting things squared
away from my read business getting
things ready for June yet we're putting
her in her crib tonight officially and
so I've been getting her bed all cleaned
and cleared out it was full of stuffed
animals and a sheet that the kids have
played in the cool cover my neighbor
she's very curious about what's going on
out here she daddy doing out there I
know you see your reflection in the
camera I mean finally got my face put on
some what it's very minimal and the
light stringer is inside side immediate
stringer is that what I'm going over and
you know what yeah the light string
you're not rained out guys yeah is there
still raining it's just such a fine mist
but it's really heavy mist I look so I'm
down again
keep doc puppy like that make sure
nobody shoots him don't mess up my
lights man he's gonna nibble him very
good so today we are thankful for our
family and so this is Symphony's she'll
do the Epis for family and then she has
a Thanksgiving word search underneath
and then Abram has the same epistemic in
color it and then underneath he has a
scripture with a coloring page that cute
does anybody know what holiday is coming
up in just three days okay no that's not
a holiday starts with Thanksgiving yes
Thanksgiving can I have a lolly with
symphony f is for family you can color
the pictures but you trace the letter
huh I'm on my third box of the day and
I'm fortunate enough that it's not
flooding me out it's raining off and on
but just like a just like a heavy mister
in there
nobody you can't go on there okay it's
too dangerous buddy man will it move on
me oh yeah it's really blue for me
there's a nest up there that I've always
wondered what was inside I haven't got
to look in there yet I'm gonna take you
guys up with me let's go see what's in
that nest bye buddy
I love you I love you
see you guys you see and this is where I
actually cut a string of Lights right
there I don't know what the heck
happened oh I was trying to get that
with my axe and I accidentally chipped
the string not the first one I broke
take it all down start over again got to
go all the way back down there and start
all the way over be a long night
all I gotta say bow down here we go
let's see what's in that nest there it
is right there I'm even close to the
tree here though I'm just going to swing
this thing around like this see how that
this kind of swings me I love that
future
what are we got here just a bundle of
leaves don't see no Eagles
yeah just the bundle of leaves false
alarm guys no Eagles kids are safe no
need to worry all right
I'm going to trim this up a little bit
there's like a cancer on the tree I
think it's mistletoe I'm not mistaken
and it just it's getting all over the
very ends of the tree and I'm trying to
get rid of that while I'll do this this
is the view from top of the tree during
a rainstorm yep I think that's it for me
boys going down oh yeah coming down real
good come down real good
calm down boys we're picking it down I'm
gonna take it right to the door train
gotta walk it off
my kids look at me
I'm underneath the pork in my lid yep
I'm gonna shove it in right there
mm-hmm you guys saw me cooking my squash
earlier they are out to cool before I
scrape out the noodles but check out the
sauce and the meat that's going inside
of it honey
ah what is that inside sweet peas
broccoli roasted peppers and tomatoes
onion garlic grilled chicken that's it
same here I don't have one I'm gonna
smooth this
I'll have 100 of these canvases it's
really good kid daddy
I'm 100 it's kind of brand risky yeah
whoa geez roughly give me a little talk
whoa whoa whoa Bobby every time I think
I was getting hurt he just never
you want to avoid heat I've never done
rustling something not the same of girls
and guys how you want a rustle damn
Stephanie give back yeah you're just
scared you know what you guys missed
cause he sucker upside down and put her
on the couch just like this essentially
well you wanna rassle gonna get hurt one
of these monster crying sister don't go
to Walmart yeah tired just watching know
how you do it you know what babe I don't
know how I do it here 31 years old and
I'm still wrestling like I'm 28
oh my gosh uh very simply when you're
shopping for a turkey what are the three
things you want to keep in mind okay
you're consuming that's true you didn't
need to pick a good gun but what if
they're already killed well sorry about
that
that's the second person here yes okay
what about something to cook it in
cooking cool Nia wants me to pick up a
turkey for Thanksgiving I've never shot
a turkey before I don't know if it's in
the copilot or what
turkey yeah they're inside the bags
which one should we get oh man so many
choices sugar get a baby Turkey there
says they all say young turkeys on it I
don't know what that means
oh man let's just get this one that one
all right
it's kind of small big all right I'll be
that one looting I would like to take a
second to think whoever that girl was
who brought me the crispy fried onions
fried french crispy fried onions
whatever they are a viewer found him for
me and whoever you were thank you so
much how do you catch her name those two
girls I reckon our bill all right grab
some bananas driving me bananas all
right we need celery's me Simmons s
celery where's the celery oh there it is
almost here right there
that's on you Oh oh I appreciate it man
oh good day sir they are hi guys I
didn't get to get you guys your butcher
name's David Jalen and alia they found
the French fries for me thanks guys
French front arms
yep you sure are ultra rare pop we've
never gotten ultra rare before Abram you
better cherish that one I even got a
poodle you got a poodle you got a poodle
need a little you got a barrel you got a
poodle we have to stop putting off
putting her in her crib I've been
putting it off because I'm sad to see
her grow up I don't think that's why
he's putting it off yeah before we get
to Julia corner
first time won't be a little probably a
cute little montage for that I'm gonna
be coming today it's McKenzie Ram
she said why did y'all not take Oreo we
didn't take Oreo because they don't
allow pets the specific cabinet did it
and like I said we don't have much of it
we can have any choice on what cabin we
could pick that was the only one left
for those dates but that is Juliet's
first night in her
this is thinking come on lots like that
if there it actually I think
