the kids are outside playing restaurant
well I'm trying to get the house cleaned
up a little bit the cabin I've done
dishes I'm still working on that egg pan
from yesterday though my mom was telling
me that if I soak a dryer sheet like
from the dryer in some hot water with it
it'll help the egg come up I don't know
how but I'm giving it a go either way so
while I wait for that to soak is this oh
Clark Evan had an area for laundry I've
had two loads of laundry I've been able
to replenish their towels and different
things here at the cabin but also go
home with all plain laundry I'm so
excited about that got it guys it's all
cleaned up and ready to be washed maybe
the last day but we are pulling this out
can you go pick another one with
Symphony you're gonna want another one
yoke I hate Symphony Oh Stephanie fell
down the stairs not just me it's that
curve right there I think we haven't
spent much time back here so I'm gonna
set up camp back there there's Tokyo
Avery was so excited about it
you look so sweet in there it's a pop-up
tent you brought all those books okay
put them up on that ledge right there
hey I join you guys actually I came to
read my book and today we're leaving
yeah so I gotta finish it's not my book
I started this book called believing at
all by Mark parent I found it sitting on
the table up there
like this looks boring was I'll just get
a shot I'm just sitting here so and I
started it and from the beginning it was
like extremely relatable it's about a
dad a dad wrote it about his two sons he
has a three-year-old son and a
one-year-old son for example yesterday
we were talking about going fishing me
and I were thinking about taking the
kids fishing I was like oh we don't have
gear this will be a test run for us this
trip so we know what to bring next time
I got home started reading my chapter
and it was called the trout and it was
about basically the importance of taking
your boys fishing and how you need to
take your kids fishing it's a part of
life that you cannot miss out on as a
father and son lately I've been getting
to know cliff my neighbors an old man
dem Street and I took the kid over there
and in this book three chapters are
about an old man and he's a neighbor of
theirs Wow I just realized something
else he who's diagnosed with cancer but
kidney cancer and so is cliff they
thought cliff had kidney cancer but you
went in found out he didn't have it and
in his book this guy was diagnosed with
kidney cancer they removed a kidney
anyway it's been it's been awesome it's
like living my life through this very
poetic man na Juliet no can you scoot
over a little bit either way good god
you too baby face hi baby
oh I gotta get Lee a little face peeking
can i gallop on to nuzzle where's my
family you guys ready to go I was like a
no yes no - kind of a no / yes because
I'm setting it started on the tree so
this is the spot where I found this ass
book I'm the last chapter was about
moon in house the brightest that's ever
been in the past 180 years 128 years and
that just happened here the moon was the
brightest and biggest has been since the
40s or something like that anyway I
never thought I would lean in to hear
the answers only to discover that they
are revealed without the utterance of a
single word I never thought I would have
to crouch down for the lessons I never
thought that the greatest teacher I
could ever hope to discover was a child
you
everybody said bye Kevin
we loved you pepper ventilation
no we just terrify our sauce flipping
backwards my body hurts I'm excited to
get home to our way to movie house and
there it says call it that from now on
the curtain is a great babe like yellowy
they are yellowy
interested in I'm your pumpkin hey
you've been missing that sent me heavy
ah
no nice to be home buddy always feels
good at me home yep as our gold play
button still there yes I don't have to
scrub the toilets I did before laughter
stop oh my gosh good apple cider vinegar
here you go buddy
yeah you what are you pointing at it
what do you got there is this let's go
see if your room is still here what you
have some water
hi Julia how was your ride pretty good
yeah
hey like dad does it look like I want to
play right now get me out of the seat
right now oh it may be not far lose my
temper or you
like she didn't said hi Oreos
our paper IOU okay sorry hi so where
what half past three see you right now
longhand or the shorthand Wow good job
so it's 3:30 no no thank you buddy any
muffin for dinner buddy Oh what do you
for dinner muffins
cursey a Weber time to get back into our
normal routines I hate calling routines
though regular awesome life gets up
Abram you gotta get up get up there
Tandy story time okay angels bow before
him what a mighty kids are in bed
somebody's upset because she got crazy
during song time and she wasn't
respecting me when I told to stop
whining while we're singing that song I
said if she sees her song she could sing
the one that she won't sing but no she
didn't want to obey her parents
therefore she gets to go to bed early oh
yeah I'm having a parent power trip over
here me and Sam just had a total light
hair loss can you really describe it I
think they had to be there we both
looked at each other and we were like
what what what what like we both like we
did something wrong at the same time it
was a very funny comment of the day
comes from two people
Courtney Moffett have you guys been
uploading the vlogs we're back to 60p
guys during the trip we were in 30
frames per second which is what the
quality was really different because I
was uploading the vlogs with my phone
using it using it as a hotspot so I
using 3G to upload the vlogs and it took
hours sometimes like the whole day
hungry evidently all right what's that
buddy
the other comment of the day comes from
crazy Hedgehog does anyone else like the
cabin vlogs I feel almost like this is
where they should have lived the pasture
that
we went to just approach me started talk
to me about you should definitely buy
cabin here that the growth there is like
crazy and that he got into it and since
we're young you suggesting that we get
into it and then we know friends who
just bought a cabin there they're
building their own cabin the building's
own Kevin and renting it out and when
they want to go you know they can go
whenever they want but in between they
rent it out and the pass was telling us
that people are paying these off within
five years because there's such high
demand to say they're crazy really cool
more than that to pan this little house
it sure did crazy but we will see you
guys tomorrow
maybe we'll be in Oklahoma what maybe
we'll be living there in the next 50
years who knows you never know what
might happen we might have a cabin that
will go to everyone's wrong maybe you
guys will someday be renting out our
cabin wouldn't be crazy to think we
could hold a basic oh my gosh y'all have
really thick can't fan basic ah oh we
have to bye guys we'll see you guys
tomorrow
don't forget as always we love you and
remember to let me charge hey that could
be on a sign inside the cabin like how
they had items welcome aside yeah rope
ah bad basic I can see it now no enough
young look at like a cool metal thing it
says don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other on the
mirrors oh my gosh I'm getting online
right now I'm gonna go buy one
we're in this together
