good morning world Oh baby did you have
a good sleep
hey where you going you can't hide from
us in this together morning girls
he and I had good night last night right
by the fire we were all freezing this
morning because I couldn't find the
thermostat since we've been here and
then I went really looking hardcore for
it and there it is right there right
behind the door Wow nice lie dude can
you go get me the matches can you help
me click little stuff like this well you
okay that's a good one
x-6 see how we stack it like a little
cabin that's so oxygen could get all
inside of it or while it burns looking
good guys we're doing hot dogs for lunch
Oh can't get close enough though these
sticks are so short say thanks mr. Rock
Sidney's up sex you can't find a tree to
climb we're gonna go find one okay I
can't find the tree a tree let the tree
out when a time um it's too hard to pump
because whenever I tried climbing it I'm
up my head oh man maybe you just need
some help I can figure this out together
okay here's our wieners kids you guys
got to see these marshmallows descend
the stairs
but you got to do it just right yeah you
get a little boost yeah we down here I'm
feeling so much better now you guys I
just got to rest a lot this morning my
head was pounding
I started thinking the spray that they
used to kill the wasp could have made me
sick I have a pretty weak immune system
sometimes now we're going to enjoy some
hot dogs cooked by mr. rock all right
kids
dad's going to show you how to make a
real some more okay okay Tiffany this is
what you want to do are you gonna eat a
whole bar huh and then you get your
marshmallows and put those on top of
there then you get another graham
cracker and place that on top of there
and then you cook it it's that simple
guys don't be silly
what I'm cooking it I'm cooking it
that's how you cook us more look it's
cooking I want it to be nice and golden
I like mine golden symphony well let's
mine gold any more word mother more than
mine
tell me you wouldn't take a bite out of
that oh no no the plastic is burning off
symphony Zelly good no it does it but
like my chocolate ball will be so good
so what's more whoa babe she wants you
to make mommy a marshmallow so she can
have it in her milk inator I know but
you said she wants smart well just want
tomorrow Daniel jokes today the hot dogs
are gone
reach your hands higher whoa haha
picture first put them in a challenging
situation without it intimidating them
you know what I mean that's oh you got
to start with the kids start with
challenges that don't intimidate them
that's what I've been working on with
both of them
I'm gonna go hide ok yes get on your
Tiffany give me 10 seconds you're gonna
find me here we come two three four five
six seven eight
no I don't think she went outside you
left the door open buddy whoa
I don't see her anywhere
oh right
one two
we found you there you are that's
hilarious
daddy I don't know I was trying to
follow his tooth the dryer I couldn't
get mommy you're right here today's
Nana's birthday sniffing he's talking to
Nana right now mom how old are you today
Wow honey this looks amazing look what
Nia made us for dinner
I'm giving Juliet for dinner this is our
routine the big kids take their bath and
then I feed Juliet like how cute she is
when it's all gone she could so
frustrated when it's all gone she's kind
of calm now you see cue Luke chunky no
baby nerd chunky chunky jinkies
she's eating her mixed veggies those
things have lasted me a long time that's
the last little batch that you guys saw
me make Juliet she's a clean eater
I swear Abram was messy messy all over
the place I would not have been able to
just beat him in the Bumbo he would have
had to have a tray and a bib and towels
everywhere
ah do you like camping do you like
glamping that's what we're really doing
guys
and on that note comment of the day goes
to funny married stuff such a cute
family the bear hunt
lol you guys are camping like I want to
rot in a cabin
haha but my hubby and kids want to camp
out again in a tent we shall see you
should totally go glamping at least once
in your life especially if you have
little bitty ones you could just do both
you could have a 10-ounce under the
cabin so that you have access to both I
brought a pop-up tent I keep saying I'll
pull it out tomorrow
I'll pull it out tomorrow I'm really
really gonna pull it out tomorrow I was
sick today
and that kind of hindered me from doing
really anything I was going to wake up
and make pancakes or a good hot
breakfast but anyways feel
better now and hopefully I'll feel good
in the morning good night everybody
say don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
but in this together you do have your
daddy's nose
