we didn't do able type what was your
head my low point was when champion was
felt the cliff remember that seventy oh
yeah oh boy that was scary
my brother you are my sister made by the
same guy loved by the same
got to live
to give love
in this together good morning guys
welcome to our cabin we did good by
getting a cabin not tents because it was
pouring
since millon are so we are stuck in the
cabin trying out the cabin fever the
girls are already playing board games
Abram and I are just running around in
our underwear how's your morning going
buddy what do it ladies playing this
morning
players oh I love that game
why do you guys invite me to play with
you oh you guys want setting up the
library Symphony his mommy sure does
have a big imagination make sure you
look at all the tables for your options
good morning and welcome to the Raider
cabin library please help yourself to
any books today good morning little man
back there if you'd like to take a book
you must come and check it out with me
oh okay let me scan it hey Jim thank you
oh hi little girl I would like both of
okay in my forest with my family sure
when they got to the beach mom Tiger
said remember our safety rules to stay
safe you have to stop what you're doing
when I say stop hey my turkey and cheese
grilled avocado so big the Sun is out
it's looking beautiful out here now
we're gonna go on a bear hunt soon right
guys after lunch I trust you think of
bring me a rake but it did it I brought
some wood only originally leaves and
create a big leaf pile right there come
on dude
whoa what's in that door
maybe there's a rake in there it's
locked but there is a rake in there we
got to get our hand to this Oh simple
you can fit your hand through there
can't you try again huh you got it
Tiffany yeah we got a rake we could make
a pile guys yeah wow there's an accident
oh it's a broken rig what could that
little drop of water be it's probably
bear tears me and a mom we're thinking
baby you smell a bear Hut yeah
whoa that's a big lead if I trip him
over there whoa Wow let's keep this one
though whoa we're keeping the biggest
one you can both hold the one how about
that Symphony smells a clue one of the
reasons I want to take the kids out here
and not say no to camping because we
can't get the tent right now working but
yet because I want to expand our kids
minds yeah we are one hi this is just
such a great way to get your kids um
more comfortable with nature did you
find sweetie it's a hole it's a bear
print a baby bear print there's this way
this way guys and I think this is very
helpful make them less acute issue about
things you know just going to open them
up expand their minds someone what did
he like woo what does it say what does
it tell us okay
we like bananas all right let's go find
maybe we're looking for a monkey not a
bear
here okay I guess it is a bear look it
looks like it's a caterpillar that's
underneath the ground it says find a
bear close to fine nothing on what that
means sparkly oh yeah a bear definitely
did cuz it said a bear knock down yeah
this is where I fell okay
come on buddy you can do it just come up
halfway and grab my hand but nah nah
everyone what does that clue say buddy
read it dad meant went almost to up
Kevin it says we're almost to the cabin
yeah awesome yeah come on don't waste
time you're almost there
whoo nice so we're on the right track we
got lost for a minute in the woods oh
when we came out of the woods we ended
up on somebody's private property so
we're on the right track now according
to their clothes should be what is that
yeah we found the bear guys he was here
all along waiting for us
hey bear oh he's a nice bear
this is clips
yeah clock see the wasp up there guys
just three more right there there's two
more right there wonder a wasp attack
we're going to leave the premises for a
couple hours so they could come in and
spray it there's just a few that I've
killed so far yeah where's the city at
the town the village how do we get out
of here is there that what is that way
that's a pretty Lake yeah that's
beautiful Emily I like the little island
I'm sure brought my community I get the
hero room somebody goes oh I was this is
our parents because go in here instead
reduce the Snickers I can barely breathe
don't know wonder why it's not snowing
cuz it's so cold out there
ow
I like painful so after two hours of
sightseeing we're back home
hopefully the wasps are all taken care
of and Ling all over the filling at the
devil Julie next time my low point was
when champion was felt the cliff
remember that 70 oh yeah does my will
point that was scary it went really
almost babaca it wasn't that big it
wasn't like a 100 feet mmm Wow I'm glad
bear
what yes vacuuming it helps me to thank
you lay down right there huh
no no this way like this ah got it buddy
yes I can't your we'll do it together
yeah now those be good now you hear
no fighting pushing trilling up the bed
or anything like that okay
Wow yeah you can fall just no pushing
talero good night not very happy but
look at these jammies these were
Symphony's jammies she wore them in
abram more than they came from bebo oh
my goodness you wear them just as well
as they did as you do you certainly have
oh my he's ready to see what a fire from
a real man looks like
yeah uh-huh
Oh me uh-huh oh yeah I'm getting warm
it's getting toasty up in here we're
gonna snow but anyway comment of the day
goes to just cook hawking Sam are you
doing no-shave November because if
you're not when are you going to shave
your beard a lot of people keep asking
about my beard I don't know why I guess
just that lovely yeah I'm going for
no-shave November trying to bring
awareness to prostate cancer also know
Shave November is all about at the end
of November I'm going to shave it off
clean shave me is going to hate it I'm
gonna hate it but it's gonna be a fresh
start it's going to be different you
know it's gonna be different that's what
I'm going to like about it because I
like differently sometimes we will see
you guys tomorrow for some more exciting
camping adventures who knows what
tomorrow brings with the rate of family
I don't know she doesn't know
nobody knows we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
we're in this together
