yeah what I ended up yards off how's it
looking addictive good morning guys are
you ready to see somebody transformed as
an Indian Symphony ready I made this for
you because your costume didn't come in
can you go get your belt you try it
looks okay yeah looks so good
Indian princess you did a really great
job today
you guys know we can't blog symphonies
class so the viewers didn't get to watch
you perform can you tell us what your
line was no loud and clear that plant
seeing them learn to cut who who did
that any the Indian and the pilgrims
where did they come over from what ship
did they come over on Mayflower yeah
yeah
pecking all this stuff clearing that bro
right there Wow so we're going off to go
camping for the weekend at a cabin
though we're not we're not roughing it
this time we're just trying to get away
for a little bit you know force us to
spend time together because we don't
spend enough time together but look what
we got melted a year's on business hey
bro do you hear that we're opening the
package that always gets in the room you
hear that the sound of a package opening
oh another giant box we have a clue we
have an idea what it might be we did a
big old play button it's the golden one
congratulations for surpassing one
bouncer vez you're bigger than Vancouver
you're bigger than Venus you're even
bigger than Las Vegas 1 million
subscribers we know that being able to
touch the lives of so many people as a
reward enough yet
we're proud of what you've done so we
hope that you looks at this gold play
button as a token of our esteem oh it's
kind of heavy
what's up man oh you have a pick now
guys what's up
oh I got it government oh gosh yeah
episode where oh yes I'm three one here
for you lay the letters you placed on a
list nothing it's just so heavy man
discover go YouTube play button so I'll
Bruce yeah
what's best for our YouTube channel here
going subscribers oh now just so right
here
you call me why God you guys nice and
thank you um I'm speechless I don't know
what to say YouTube thanks for the
awesome gold play button um
fan basic obviously we could have done
this without you because this isn't a
war based on 1 million of the fan basic
so thank you guys
we obviously give the glory to God all
the Lord goes to God we wouldn't be here
without him and just thanks guys
we are I like a lot better-lookin here I
like into this gold play button alright
guys thanks so much we're sure to put
any ideas make that wall are we walking
the door
people are just like whoa these people
are millionaires all right let's get
packing guys got here oh heavens no go
back
oh cool what's inside plays toys you put
a bunch of toys in there ok
you ladies ready baby girl are you ready
we're going on a bear hunt to Broken Bow
or Brokeback Mountain Oklahoma
oh I forgot my little company um have
straighter underwear too I took it over
for everybody no I packed Abraham's
underwear I packed extra for a ver then
I was looking for Sam's wallet and
underwear drawer he is in a merger oh my
gosh if he didn't lose his totally
shocked to include all weekend yeah I
don't have my wallet
cut up on my wallet so we're going on
with Oklahoma without a wallet hopefully
we can make it there on empty change
carsick no baby all right April what do
you want for dinner buddy
I'd like to slice a deluxe sandwich here
sometimes it's so spicy that you can
taste the chicken it's like making my
mouth do that right now you should get
it I'm gonna love that you like when
your mouth desist never try to bite your
ear this is a turn about your ear since
you ride a neighbor but your other ear
you got to be real fast okay you got to
get it before it turns with your head
you did not mm-hmm
all right fine why don't you let's have
chicken here
Nia took over driving at the wrong time
that's her girls over here
you guys okay right there everywhere you
cousin right we did go in a circle cuz I
remember that truck we did we just went
to here at circle after the T turn lift
is a little under tension so we're lost
Oh cute how they look in this super kid
super kid
vertigo Symphony aah Leah grab the
papers we need the coat on there daddy
what buddy do like a must in a holiday
no there's not gonna be mas in there
where we go sis okay watch out Jenny
biggest step right there all right
morning nice leading skills welcome to
our cabin wow this looks like a hotel
lobby we're the same
heywhat upstairs
man upstairs guys so this was the only
cabin left and this area for these dates
and so we didn't have a choice which
cabin to reserve we had to choose this
one this is um one of you guys
everything is made out of wood at home
even the wall where you just can't see
it because it's painted over right
you're gonna party up there buddy
neighbors breaking in the toilet
here's the other room this is gonna mean
a van is it Oh your pants are down yeah
guys they have a basket of fruit you
guys want some take one take a
strawberry oh I'm sorry
fold me I thought is about sort of fruit
we have salt and pepper yeah you guys
wanna eat some pepper just in paprika or
some red food coloring or vacuum yeska
eat the vacuum cleaner
she's a koala bear on this half and then
a kitty cat on this half but there's no
Wi-Fi here so I don't know how I'm gonna
get up the vlog I may be able to do it
from my phone if I can get service what
we're not doing common to the day Juliet
oh you'll do it she said she said they
liked it when Juliet does it we tell the
end of the vlog okay I don't know if
it's the end of the vlog yet she's
trying to skip the comment of the day
already it's not that funny
don't that funny good job buddy
okay Symphony sir new Symphony can you
find the surfboard - it was some user
noggin Symphony a different one Juliet
talk of huge naps I've been down here
so before going to calling the motel
so comment of the day today goes to Mia
please please please I've asked before
but I'd absolutely love the recipe to
know how to make your banana pancakes
please love y'all it's a super piece of
cake 1 banana 2 1 egg you mash the
banana crack the egg whisk it up I got
the recipe from April from April and
Justin TV we'll see you guys tomorrow
for some exploring don't bring her over
to love each other that was all over the
place
but in this together
