come on buddy we got a surprise for you
the car oh no not another one zoom in
this together doesn't get out me I could
I really want to see it reaction one
wishes don't guess anything you might
get it right in we don't want thank you
everyone for staying a big boy seat oh
he's gone so fast you guys would get to
witness it you like your cup holders and
I had a muse uh we're leaving now my
next time you can you can hold my coffee
for me
wait that's yucky oh my gosh
hey Chloe you like it man yeah looks
like Batman see you yeah Oh Booga I get
a more bigger car tight high has to be
tight safe daddy I have been bellows
nice buddy
and big things - I love it didn't my
water will beg by kospi Abram but I know
where your baby car seat is yeah with
the doctor on my window guys know what
diseases you can wipe it done - no it's
back there
we're gonna donate it hey anybody
no unite not doing
just when I was feeling like a
responsible father remembering to pay my
kids school tuition this month without
anybody having to remind me I go
upstairs bring a broom to his room and
everybody's dressed up in the PJs fail
so April's wearing slacks and dress
shoes we're all his friends are wearing
cars shoes Ninja Turtle slippers I just
hope he doesn't understand and hold us
against me as he grows up because this
is something I would have felt against
my parents for a long long time
they forgot PJ day come on dad you ready
to go she said she's tired of being in
her seat what Oh
Sam got hit in the eye by an acorn but
blink look I mean lawn mower aah oh my
gosh are you okay
I just have this over there sweeping
I'll wave to him he throws mower goes
lost
did he see it happen doesn't even know
what happened
he probably all right oh yeah it brought
me to my knees
Oh Oh what's a blood shot
hayri my handsome again we got a little
basketball thing to enroll you I think
they're gonna let you do it
Abrams a little bit too young for
basketball at his school by like three
weeks I think they're gonna let him do
it hi come on buddy aha you don't
already
does that look cool boy hey watch it
blow back it boy something basketball
you want to do it you hey Abram do you
want to go to Starbucks with me yeah
yeah yeah yeah get a cake up for Nava
maybe can hold your hand while we go in
the parking lot please well thank you
whatever Sam picks up Avram from school
he usually takes him to Home Depot or
somewhere like well I don't want to go
to Home Depot I don't need to go to the
store fine
I think we're just gonna drop through
Starbucks and get a little drink is it
your new seat wow dude you like it yeah
a little bit it will fit gun which guy
and I am get bop
did you get that cake pop as the cookie
dough cake pop yes ma'am thank you might
you cookie as well that's for sissy you
want to get it for her yeah should I get
it where is dizzy Vanessa she's always
our Starbucks girl and she's a fan basic
Oh like that like billy-o did I go on
the runway yeah no we're home no we went
blue hair oh is it that one man no he
didn't do it with me oh yeah yeah yeah
dad no we don't live in a blue house
yeah no no no
Oh buddy you're just joking okay let's
go home oh hold pressure I didn't know
it was gonna turn bad and ugly
I was just playing a joke on you buddy
stands on the porch painting looking at
me like I'm crazy looking good over here
why are you doing painting this trim to
match the house somebody's calling me
you get a cookie for me no that's for
symphony nice pants sipping is home
Juliette's awake how are you ladies
doing hey little buddy hey lemon oops
Monsieur too hard steak some smooshes
for me you mean this beautiful but a
crime hit right right there my eyelid
yourself pepper
hey you you'll play out sorry
you play with me sure ah that looks
beautiful take look at mommy
it almost looks like I'm not wearing a
headband it looks like I'm wearing a
bell Maya does it's so pretty
I'm gonna guess your daddy look who's
ready for DC tonight her shirt says I
woke up this cute let's check my mouth I
made macaroni and cheese in there
Oh oh that's cool hey what's up Mike so
guys hello laughter Megan um they're
killing it running to kill sir scale yes
I Lucy happy birthday over you what's up
Brian yeah I like it it's so everybody
can see what they're looking like hey
you're looking good worse baby yeah this
is what everybody's looking at by the
way guys celebrate women's retreat
celebrate the small group what we got
here okay we're going barbecue brisket
are you doing over here Jim doing to you
you can eat maybe food in that seat time
it oh my goodness so stinkin cute what
was your favorite memory has an
eight-year-old record enough yes it is
hands-free vlogging bo can use to us a
new thing I'm finding it difficult just
to look you in the eye you can look
yourself in the eyes you want to do
what's up Tim what what what is it
there's some like a bit look at that
good job buddy
have you seen what you look like I think
it's a pretty sincere smile just just
just for the video thank you so I would
say with the birthday girl you can
appreciate people what camera just are
laughing camera my father do you see is
somewhat of a sport much full pan
alright let's go you and me come on Oh
he messed me up
have you got a banana in your
bellybutton you got buddy yes you're
really scary
underwear oh you gotta stop that but
you're not getting me this time but
underwear ever here's some PJ's
Christmas PJs oh my god this can go home
you gotta get Rock rapid plot
we did it guys we good I've gotten
dressed well my eyes getting worse
let me see it look really red right now
it's bloodshot yeah we're going to come
of the day comes from nan de Melo and
Frank's cotton Candy's called Barbara
papa which means dad's beard that's
hilarious
it feels like a beard like this comp
Kenny actually felt like fine hair
they called it floss is what they called
it chuckles but yeah that's good we will
see you guys tomorrow God willing
tomorrow we got to get ready for trip
we're taking this weekend gonna get
packed tomorrow because on Thursday we
have a busy day with symphonies
Thanksgiving program Thursday morning
and then we're leaving Thursday night I
think that Wi-Fi there though I want to
figure something out oh well anyway
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other
we're in this together
