so are you ready to go boarding thank
you honey I don't need this on a Sunday
morning okay raise your hand if you want
to bake with mommy it's a surprise and
I'm gonna let you guys watch her look at
the picture in this together good
morning
more please yes I please
good morning Julia good morning planet
you to be to the 12 months I've been
saying that about my clothes for a long
time it's the last time we're in this
year but here I am wearing it again what
I'm super uncomfortable why do you think
I gotta go shop and just replace
everything in my wardrobe is something
like a couple sizes bigger you know what
save money if you just use the gym
membership that we pay for all honey I
don't need this on a Sunday morning you
go to church with us well watch your
head yummy all sorts of snack in your
seat huh yeah look at all these snacks
and it's coming to church with us good
morning Nana you're looking very cute
today
I like your gray empty gray boots
UGG boots from none other than me just
kidding who BOM for you to myself
this is not just the creation in front
of you but that all of creation didn't
happen by accident there was it is this
cosmic explosion that accidentally
created life over billions of years it
just happened to form itself okay what
we believe going back to the beginning
right is that in the beginning what God
created all things he spoke the room to
existence and so there is outside of
creation a reality that exists beyond
pretty safe during heavy somebody said
she just had a tummy ache and she's not
saying when I started feeling really
super as always we're sharing a Cheney a
combo sometime not doing fried food
everywhere him so I had aunt Brenda I
have plenty of fried food money is not
eating a fried food I'm eating extra
fries trying to work your way to that
new wardrobe huh babe what what up boy
how you boys doing pretty good bro you
ready go for these look at Andrews beer
that's crazy
I know Andrews riding the ego to Matt's
writing his new as Adam board right wait
up guys
Ivan doesn't sit a little bit so Andrew
man I wonder watch the Superbowl of
masculine guys
hit the back with the kids today and
while Sam is that the Super Bowl
watching gathering whatever Symphony
started this yesterday Abram is painting
his second ramp remember if you add a
little water to the paint that dried up
a little bit it'll loosen up okay okay
yeah just dip it and then start painting
with that same brush that's it that's it
now start painting with it it'll make it
looser and better see that baby is
playing with mommy's back massager as
you can see the kids are in painting
clothes Symphonique show mommy and the
viewers what the deal was for you guys
to be able to paint again do you want to
show me what you had to do cleaner let's
go look at it and do a double check all
right symphonies room is all clean and
fresh it was really messy before it
wasn't it it was like we couldn't even
walk in here right I'm ready to paint
okay let's go really good yeah
we're going to get the Super Bowl party
started right now Super Bowl party
started
one important thing to teach younger
kids that are siblings because you know
they like to argue and compare and have
competition a lot is to teach them to
uplift and encourage each other so
Symphony I would like you to practice
being the best a big sister by telling
Abram something encouraging anytime I
like your ham thanks neighbor um you
tell Symphony something encouraging now
wow that is beautiful thank you while
the big kids paint we're gonna get
Juliet's baby up there like embrace your
teeth hey there's your baby doll can't
brush baby's teeth oh good job that's a
good job alright kiss you have soap
oh man good job where squirt squirt
squirt squirt and then take the
washcloth off can you clean baby oh good
job oh oh she needs her toy baby
oh she's thirsty oh you'll have to share
everything she needs her hair fix comb
baby's hair we brought this a little
slide inside cuz she kept wanting to go
outside and she was sick so we just
brought it in dirty and all
the halftime show is happening right now
but we're not worried about that because
we are about to play some HQ so we all
put our heads together if we don't know
an answer then we're all going to choose
one of them and keep one of us in the
game right so we can win that $20,000
yeah is it monkey boy what is it guys
honey I'm pretty sure really I'll put a
view place a business awning Oh
during hey guys so another thing I want
to share with you all is something that
my childhood bestie Emily and I lost
time the other day so what she was
telling me was that she does this like
prep at the beginning of the week and
she'll make one thing that lasts them
throughout most of the week for
breakfast maybe for lunch whatever I
guess she just does mill prepping I'm
not exactly sure what all that entails
but she does breakfast which is
something that I've never done I don't
do that and I want to try it this week
and I want to make with the kids this
deluxe cinnamon swirl bread mostly for
Sam and I throughout the week okay raise
your hand if you want to bake with mommy
the kids are cleaning up the paint mess
so we can move on to baking Oh Avery you
kiddin real serious about it hey Bobbie
right here needs to be cleaned up - yes
miss it smell good big man right here
what are you cleaning not your face eggs
Abram can you be in charge of the oil
still favorite look inside this cup do
you see that there's a line right there
can you see it okay that line says 1/3
that's how much oil we need only to that
first line okay buddy can I do it almost
almost there keep going okay good job
Bobby right now what you like
hold on I'll tell ya
next is Juliet's job here Jules help
mama with the water or the water shovel
Ready Set dump it a symphony gets the
biggest one she's Bobby gets the next
biggest cuz he's the next biggest kid
baby gets the middle one
you guys can stir okay
okay and it's ready to go in the back
with you guys here in a minute well
there goes one so sorry Matt your team
lost
how is my team hatred self every
seamless tonight high a dream from Petri
if I'm glad to cut Eagles wine they
deserve it they do they do go Eagles
congratulations fella Delphia do we have
any filling viewers out there I'm gonna
take my new toys home Andrew got me some
volts and Captain America you got me
this for Christmas you got big massive
Red Hulk oh my gosh tell me that does
not look like the most amazing thing
ever
it is now homework time we have had a
fun-filled afternoon but it is winding
down time almost bath time dinner time
the whole shebang one thing on
Symphony's list of homework things is to
break two pictures taped or glued to the
back of her homework sheet and I
selected the pictures for her and I
didn't tell her which ones they were so
it's a surprise and I'm gonna let you
guys watch her look at the pictures
nice evening these are the pictures
Symphony and baby Abram and then there's
three-year-old Symphony and a brand new
big-girl bed that was her birthday
present when she turned three
look at that Darlene okay it's time to
put my money where my mouth is my coffee
cake mm-hmm that was good really good
bubby mmm all right Abraham's done with
his dinner he's gonna try coffee tonight
right okay not really no no office felt
sick today I had a really bad headache
this morning
let's do comment of the day okay comment
of the day goes to Stephanie edge coming
up today hey-oh used to do that hey what
happened to the old intro I loved it
you guys should bring him back we should
bring it back actually I've been in the
works up here thinking what we could do
for the next intro and I want to do a
360 style this time it's gonna be really
cool I just got to figure out where the
location you guys have a location of my
where should we do the intro like a
really cool location cool background and
you know I want something different we
did a park one time where do you park a
couple times I like to do some I need to
be outside you need to be outside by the
way okay then for tomorrow's vlog we'll
put in an old intro just for the sake of
it just for the heck of it I mean I
think but anyway guys will see the Wow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other job harder it's done I'm
gonna give it to her today
I don't care how much of an old man I
look like right now
