morning guys good morning yeah super
snuggly this morning your laugh is extra
cute just like a morning laughing I met
Juliet some mixed veggies
thank you for whoever sent this even
what that he put it on the fridge
himself
yes captain
Abram Erica I've never heard him
actually saying hey
okay ready here we go st chompers Home
Depot sure did
a home away from home here we are yeah a
lot of stuff here
I need a blower because I want to try to
blow out the acorns from the grass it is
done a number your dinner dress yeah
we're gonna get a blower I wish I had
suckers you know for the lawn back in
for the lawn OU be awesome oh this is a
vacuum yeah
three-in-one blower shredder back um--
that's right we also need to put room
think I'm gonna get this one
I also need stain for my fence that one
transparent wood finish that'll probably
work I can I need a pressure sprayer
because my other one broke and I have to
clean my driver because it's just
horrible just like smoosh with acorns
from us driving over in which one so
many choices we also have to get a push
pop of course
got it Vinny a pink you hope miq Hey
it's Monday and that means I had lunch
monitor duty at Symphony school today
which also means it's my grocery
shopping day and these kind of days they
just fly right by it's already time for
me to head back to the school to get
symphony we did Juliette over there
she's so cute our rug I feel like the
rug is so big and it just makes her like
so teeny-tiny check out her socks today
you guys let's show him your cool socks
look at these are sparkly and Lacey oh
pretty oh it matches your little lips
yes it does I'll bring you home
something too buddy okay
something small yeah let me see this let
me see this let's see here okay let me
see check check check check check check
oh wait no you're going wrong oh it's
checks are check check check check
you almost got our last name right oh
you did get it right you just can't tell
yeah you can that looks like a bird good
job see what you got there buddy
is that your ticket put that on the
fridge guy here's the yard looks good
doesn't it no acorns acorns furry yard
want to be doing thunks what is a
flipper - oh those are cute
you want it look just Captain America
what am I sitting right in front of my
face I don't know what is that I'd have
to get one of these
what is it makes you kill me anything so
the other city picked out we are going
to do for dessert write something about
someone of this yeah baby wait till
dessert this is the only hate you get
it's really yummy I know there's a lot
of things that are yummy
but it's only one thing okay
she's so distracted so we set her
heart's beating fast she's so excited
but not my fingers going
that's not included okay I'm proud of
you for making a hundred kiddin me good
sweetie you are too cute today cute
every day no huh
what is that these doesn't right here
I'm getting ready to go to a meeting for
the church I'm taking Juliet with me I
was gone from her a lot this weekend I
can't leave her again I don't wanna
leave the other ones but they don't pay
money for their food she still likes to
nurse a lot especially a lot today
all right Shipley you're gonna tell
everybody where you got me
that's the only thing for today the real
cut Kenny Baker with a bromance with
buddy fool oh good somewhere symphony
that turns him on alright we're waiting
for to warm up when it warms up cities
one
tablespoon God the light is green it's
ready to go
it's really not yellow like Avenida
yeah that's good put it in there slowly
a little bit at a time okay look it's
making it
I'm outside of this
yeah
right now you have to chart together it
again just get out our ham here try it
buddy
what do you think completes ow oh you're
this girl every got some all right let's
see what you got there Symphony that
looks good so your one on turn the light
off eat it
kids go to bed now let's see if we can
see the super moon come on their ass
isn't she beautiful she's a super moon
how is it big it doesn't look any bigger
huh no I think you got to see it on the
horizon Abram got a phone from when you
guys and a picture that he loves to
Abram from Kayla Olsen yeah it's really
not that much bigger coming to the day
goes at a peak at one and a half million
subscribers yay I love your family and
that you share your love for God without
him we have nothing
also happy birthday Rachel thank you
very much tabby cat yeah we just hit 1.5
million subscribers think it's yesterday
we hit it we've got to mention it though
which is huge
thank you guys so much for being a part
of our life we didn't have it in that
big plan because I'm doing that tree out
there and so far that has probably the
most expensive thing out of all the big
things
all the big videos I've done but I'm so
excited make it happen we're actually
going to do a block party here at my
house on the 29th November 29 we're now
the neighborhood come out our GC come
out and we're going to tree lighting and
of course you guys are going to be there
too I'm gonna set up some cameras get
some good angles they put my drone up in
the air when it goes on it's gonna be
crazy guys so crazy I only have three
boxes of lights in that tree right now I
have 12 right I have 11 more boxes to go
that tree is going to look amazing
simply go and do the outro yeah yeah
love you and remember to get finding
Dory on your TV
we're in this together
