good morning little squirt hi flowers
Sydney looks like pollen today she's
gonna try to attract butterflies
hopefully not bees all right we're gonna
try to stay away from the beehives oh
look and there's another baby right
there
Haley candy are you what are you doing
over there
no getting your makeup on for church hi
Jamie
good morning everyone we're headed to
charge me the group from the woman's or
treater headed back to church right now
but I came home last night I did
I also rushed in the morning
we're headed to church we were supposed
to teach but we trade it with Chantelle
and Lucy
I speak instead
Omar mom Thank You Tommy where did you
get that I've never even seen that
before I don't know but I got a headache
and I gotta get some stuff for Rich's
party he does so run divide and conquer
yeah I won that way you go that way give
it good luck I love you keep although we
still have to walk into the same front
door no I'm going back there you go
natural
need a cake I'm really kicking myself
for not stopping at Costco because the
my little sister's here guys today is
your birthday today
yeah today she turned 30 today guys can
you believe it Oh II was so excited to
set up your birthday party for you oh
thanks sweetie
did you tell her as you said what did
she say oh look I sure don't see
decoration assistant you can help me get
ready for the birthday party
you betcha boy I'll tell what you said
about Rachel's birthday money oh you
tell her wish you can tell her she
opened it she just said she said we're
just gonna spin it on a date together a
girls day suppose you can say this is
Rachel's not yours yeah I don't care
we're just gonna spin it on a girl's bra
so I got a little something for us to
have some fun with I'm Rachel's birthday
look buddy look what I got for Ric's
with birthday it's a big ball buddy it's
not the biggest one they have but it's a
big one it's a big beach ball isn't that
big this thing here and switch this on
my daughter didn't wait for Matthew to
eat lunch because he is mega late that I
am ready for some dessert I don't think
I'm having let you hey Matthew well no
you and Sam look like you were just
doing some mega transaction over there
nice Jamie's working on photography
I love Jamie's lab mix over here the
boys are so to you for the first time
ever I feel like I want to have another
little boy one day and always felt like
no and when all girls it will be my only
boy but it's lower than a rod yeah yeah
hi guys welcome to the politie hello
guys right over there and then you two
here
motorboat sideways so you can see more
it's irregular happy birthday to you
away oh they're coming bad trick handle
filing rights happy birthday kid yeah
how's the chocolate cake guys this is
only good if bumble bee the bumble bees
are really hard so be careful trying to
eat them huh hurt your teeth hey kind
everybody of an Andrew Oh sad you can
have this I know you guys gonna play
ball come on come on
you're smash
hey what's up into the air
okay Romeo smashing
hey Matthew hey where are you doing go
down backwards okay put that on there
you did jumping on it no way Oh nigga
symfony up in the tree
hey Stephanie what are you doing up
there your monkey
I'll look at pretty Andrea my future way
and pretty Mia Sam's current wife Abram
look this wait Roman look this way this
is a junk the wind pushes the jungle law
whoa hey the party went really well it
was a great ending to a very busy and
fulfilling weekend for me just to kind
of give you guys a little more info on
the women's retreat the theme was hope
and redemption or Jesus
and I shared a little testimony over
what God's done in my life over the last
year his little rocky is my first time
to share the testimony anywhere except
for Mia's nest which was split up until
like my long videos I cried a lot I saw
one of my friends cry a lot like ugly
cry we weren't like just sobbing lightly
would like some ugly crying going on we
got deep and there were live asani Sam
they were like no boarders up between
and these women in our small groups and
even in the large group people who are
sharing their testimonies and this is
really beautiful did want a ball oh whoa
whoa whoa bonnie bonnie bonnie bonnie my
oh she's so cute to get serious so
strong in one shake a bar should get
will shake the bottom oh he's so happy
hey come on okay come on oh water
make one take a lot of showers with
junkies planer do you live what's coming
up today
Oh
but in this together
