why is it called a November by the same
guy
got to give
in this together
morning guys I got a big delivery on the
way right here yet dude I'm a little bit
he's gonna show me how to use it well
I'm gonna have fun on that thing
I am going to get in the Christmas
spirit by decorating this entire tree
and lights I'm gonna light up my
neighborhood and force them to get in
the Christmas spirit this year very
expensive job but it's something I've
been wanting to do for a couple years
and we've just never been able to do it
and so I'm gonna finally do it picking
out these buttons and knobs okay that
thing goes there symphonies doing her
homework and she has to do this little
app where she weighs and plays games Sam
is back here trying to figure the lifts
out see that he's on the phone I think
he's talking to didn't get to build my
Aimable yet you must not have finished
this last day where you left up press
the ear button at the top oh my goodness
there he goes boom Monday
he has been wanting to wrap this tree
and Christmas lights probably since
we've lived here hey it's a time
consuming job and he always be it's a
rather expensive job and we've never
been able to afford to have this done to
do it himself
do it you know Sam still has a very
boyish side to him I mean he's a great
man and a great leader and dad in our
home but I love to see him fulfill the
little projects that the little boy
inside him wants to do that's I'm so
weird but you guys know what I mean see
that I saw is awesome how do you feel I
feel like a real man inside of that
thing and you sleepy well-favored easier
sitting oh well she says oh she's
wobbling a little bit there we go good
job little girl good job
I think I got a little bit too detailed
on the end I use a lot of strangers for
this limb and this is this is one of the
shorter limbs oh my gosh I definitely
can't light up every limb I really
wanted to but I'm gonna have to buy a
couple more loads of lights for when I
do that I'm speaking tonight at our
retreat I am going to be talking about
hope and redemption in Jesus and what
he's done in my life over the last year
and I'm pretty nervous about it so I've
packed I've cleaned the house aside from
the dishes but I still need to get
dinner prepared for tonight and so I'm
super excited that today's video is
sponsored by blue apron and that our box
arrived just in time before I head out
in just a couple of hours we can have
purple grilled cheese sandwiches tell me
that is not so super cute oh we can have
white bean and vegetable minestrone
which is kind of like a soup pasta or
the shrimp and shiitake dumplings I
think we'll wait me and Daddy will have
that on a date night okay we can wait on
that one me and daddy do how about we do
these purple sandwiches tonight I think
you guys would really like them okay
we love opening up my blue apron boxes
look at all of this you guys it's so
refreshing and bright I love all the
bright colors oh my goodness and look
down in here even the ricotta cheese
came in there that's one thing I love
about blue apron is since everything
even the refrigerated items all in one
box and it's in like a little cooler so
like if I wasn't home it would still be
fresh until I got here to put it away
the coolest thing or one of the cool
things about blue apron is that these
meals are quick they pretty much all
cook within 40 minutes or less and so
I'm excited that I don't have to do like
a big prep and everything for tonight's
meal especially because I'm feeling
nervous that I'm talking tonight and I
don't have a ton of time ice off to get
myself ready I'm not wearing my hair
like this to the retreat I also like to
put on some makeup so I'm gonna go ahead
and get started
check it out looking pretty huh okay
guys and we have a really awesome
special that we're doing with blue apron
the first 100 viewers to click on the
link in the description box so we'll get
three meals your first three meals from
blue apron for free how exciting and
awesome is that I have to stir this
until the beet juice is all dried up one
cool thing is that all of the farm-fresh
ingredients that are sent from blue
apron they're sitting exactly the right
portion so you're not wasting any and
you're not having to go to the store to
buy extra I love that that definitely
saves on time I feel like half the time
I cook like home-cooked meals I have to
like make a quick run to the store
ricotta and beet grilled cheese
sandwiches this little salad side dish
gosh good no I told something we're
having purple sandwiches we're having
frozen salmon - are you ready to see
this
it looks amazing ready I feel like
Wonder Woman after cooking this meal
bring it on babe all right here all the
good tasters you take the camera on them
and don't speak yet it looks like toes
look at that wow this is marinated
fennel and persimmon salad
it's spinner oh you mean like a grilled
cheese on steroids did you see the
pumpkin I crushed
I heard a pop is like hmm and then
actually crushed the corner of our
little garden area got some tree limbs
down this is a lot bigger job than I
thought it was gonna be
you
time has come for me to go except I need
to get my pants for tomorrow out of the
dryer but I gotta go tell my little
munchkins bye all right guys come give
me kisses goodbye my love you want a hug
wait I'll see you guys tomorrow there -
no daddy staying here silly dude hey hi
guys
hi Juliet I got some bad news guys I'm
gonna have to send this back tomorrow
this lift so I'm trying to get as much
done as I can tonight while Juliet's
happy because I basically ran out of
Christmas lights I have two boxes left
and I know I'm not gonna have enough so
I ordered more and they're not gonna be
here till Wednesday and then we're going
out of town on Thursday so the lift is
just going to be sitting around for
several days so I'm having a sim back
tomorrow wait for the extra lights to
come in and then I'm going to rent it
again doing that branch at 2:00 today I
did that long one the trunk and that one
all we honor was getting close to the
house
but the bulb is still working it's
hilarious
what's it crying about this is giving
you a bath buddy put your water buddy
ooh
it's not a kiss you
Tiffany I heard you got a hundred on
your spelling test that means and and
mommy said you said I get to trade it
for another toy I think that's right you
do maybe we can get a couple puppy in my
pockets and see if we get poopy in my
pockets and season six shopkins all
right we can do that but what if I got
another baby live why would you do that
you don't want to babies yet yeah what
tell that one grows up to have another
one all right Rapunzel hair come another
day goes - hey it's Megan I love me as
well we're actually watching blog
sipping eternity what's so funny dude
some Oreo Oreo your kisses kisses Wow
Abram kisses you able to kiss ya give
everybody get him or you so I'm gonna
show you guys lit up sweet I'm
completely done with the project it'll
be a little tough little while but we'll
see you guys tomorrow don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
together
