maybe for superhero day hey don't leave
everything get back here the popcorn
yeah I can we can totally shut up Bobby
I joined a gym today that's right I sure
did and I'm so excited about it my
motivation for joining the gym was to up
my energy level before I had kids I had
such high energy and even since I've had
kids I still have a lot of energy but I
feel like it's slowly or quickly going
down and each day I wake up very tired I
hate waking up tired I used to just be
able to jump up and go get stuff done
and tackle the day you pulled over so
chilly out there said look at that cutie
no he did it he's so cute
get some sunshine well just cuz of Sun
he's me give her a kiss man no you
wanted a cutie
oh yeah you did good buddy you guys have
got to see what everyone got into all
taking a shower dude come here come a
little closer you are so many oh
buddy dick a gimmick hey oh yeah it is
kind of captured you don't want to be on
camera right now
oh hey guys I got to loosen cool put on
sissy she's not feeling good just a
little bit on your face make you feel
better
then I put it on my face
okay go ahead you think you ate some I
made you sick well don't fishy that
Mommy send me had a lie ahead a lot of
soul are not a salt the mommy put extra
salt on the goldfish miss you have a
fever
I don't feel a feve no I'm sorry sweetie
mouses Oh
sell it warm she said his warm did you
go to the nurse
you know I went to Botox
they took her temperature they did it
what do I do
yes needed to get the best man that was
it and he said no you went back to class
I know it was during lunch but when I
got back out of the office they were
they weren't at lunch anymore they were
at recess okay you don't know how to
turn the TV on just turn the TV on you
like that popular that's your size the
little ones you sauce yeah and they eat
bigger than you Nina I get ready to go
to the banquet the Keirsey banquet have
dinner with some church family and watch
the video I make you just daddy
toss me what is baby and it baby
hey don't be that I'll make you sick
right sissy did you eat that did you
bite one of those you swallowed it are
you serious
hey bone you don't eat this stuff all
right but hey hey no more get those
bleep she got me thank you
take your socks off you start on your
toes she does yes
Oh issues like what come on dude yeah
I'd watch your head
that's all you can do this is what he
ate by the way a snowflake all right
ready number one oh wow this is big Wow
oh wow it's our intro picture right
there
hi kami hello
camis baby soon first night so no TV
after 7:00 and they should be like in
their beds lining down by 7:45 okay
hello Bea sweetie
you okay
you don't sweetie been planning this out
for a long time gonna go help mommies
who don't know what to do with their
babies private Southfork Ranch Drive and
take a lift right all right remember
last year so left left her purse here we
had oh yeah baring it right with him
again
still is a horrible experience was it
exactly a year ago that we were here we
brought our littlest baby along so if
you guys recall from last year actually
section every baby has well every baby
has work here's our church hi Shannon
did you get the video did you get it I
drew it
okay what's up Johnny
oh hey don't like us Pasi would you
order
it's just chicken oh but I got the same
thing how about that
they got me on the big screen I have no
idea why but I'm very embarrassed this
is idiotic quicker talking about our
channel respect that hard just look at
my teeth sticking out somebody went
poopoo do you go in poop man it's over
funneling out all this gas how about you
babe but right next to me you got me
right a whole today I was around so many
people's like oh there is a lot of money
for such a good cause or as many for
they said this is their biggest
fundraiser for PRC and you can tell
there's just so many people there and
they look like rich people don't they I
don't think the clients want me to show
the video to such a big audience or just
meant for these people that's it put the
video went over good Owen yeah what is
he doing
look at my little bio bus you'd like to
buy Lube aren't you
ah
ah haha I'm glad I got that on camera
that was cute yeah all right honey so
you got the monitor today when is she
gonna start sleeping their crib tomorrow
not tomorrow going on a women's retreat
Oh should I do it without you
no hey no you can't put her in the crib
for the purse not about me I want to
start it on Sunday Oh comment of the day
goes to agile tummy belly sorry can you
send me a t-shirt please I am your
biggest fan yes you get a t-shirt
you just can't wear t-shirt I'm giving
away a t-shirt as comment of the day you
get a t-shirt
we have you honey so sinned uh how
should we tell should we get their info
Facebook page our Facebook page Sam and
Nia send us a message over there all
right guys what is so funny
yeah weak you see I'm SIA we got some
big plans for tomorrow or at least I do
we'll also get the rest of our furniture
tomorrow which is cool and the rug that
we got for that really yeah so let me
get to enjoy the brand-new rug with them
we're gonna have a birthday party on
Sunday the house is gonna be destroyed
but that's okay at least everyone can
come enjoy the renew rug she's getting
delirious go to sleep honey Shh don't
forget guys we love you and remember
yeah
but in this together
