good morning fan basic Abram and I are
off to go meet up with heat for my
weekly devotional we actually do it
every other week now a lot of people
underestimate the value of men meeting
together if you look at the suicide
rates their biggest among men and I
think that has a lot to do with just
women having great community together
they get very deep with each other
they're able they bounce emotions up so
they grow from each other and then as a
rule or folders for the most part don't
do that there's like this stigma
attached to being too emotional as a man
man really need encouragement and they
need it from other men see guys are
emotional too
someone's on nap strike today and her
name rhymes with Moo Liat drooliet I
like I'm down - I met Eddie bitty slide
for newborn babies but you're not a
newborn baby yeah oh
hope it's not too fast no no hi how's it
going who's that hey Z mercy that may
see ya may see what's up hey hey you
gonna both pretty time tired to warrior
up till 2:00 because of the election you
know I went to bed on I mean it was kind
of a so at that point remember we asked
the prayer for you because they got some
bad news well it turned out to be good
news right
right so thanks for your prayers it was
going to order zone having you
worn for penis good job buddy did you
order by yourself
Wow when that vibrates that means your
food is ready everyone proud of you
buddy
I tell them to go up and order himself I
gave him the card he's like I'm scared
too and he thought about us a little bit
he just took off it went up there by
himself you did it man you order by
yourself yeah everything what it caught
it it's called a mommy that means it's
ready picking it up there say my food is
ready
look you may hold it so may see it has
encouraged apron to go down slice the
first time he's going down by himself
you're a bright guy let's see it do it
man you got to get this on camera so I
can prove it to mommy
Oh watch your head he goes I want to see
everybody I'm so excited for a bra what
a huge accomplishment
you come Onoh gotta focus what the heck
what did it do that dumb camera oh there
he is oh just in time good job buddy
yes yeah I'm so proud of you may have to
be hard
okay Oh buddy give me a hug mixing up
how do you two know their home and this
guy is ready for a nap ready for a good
nap buddy
oh he's exhausted from all that playing
and going down the slide for the first
time can you grab my water for me right
there uh God dang thank you
so Heath and I we talked a lot about
loving each other and reminding each
other that you know you're supposed to
find ways to love people not just sit
back and wait for those ways to come to
you it's kind of thought that I was left
with welcome home welcome home
Sadie brought symphony home today from
school so her and cuff could have a
little playdate I love these hands of
Bob Corey
whoa is that what we ordered from Boy
Scouts cool thanks for supporting oh my
gosh you're so stinking cute I love it
ah me too your Boy Scout mom thank you
yes thank you so much me at the cupboard
birth of that voice couch wait guys come
here tell me your tricks guys maybe
thank you baby
hey many cups hi world hmm how do you
feel about the election result in one
word I'm like everyone surprised that's
a good word surprise all right all right
I feel like that was everyone I I feel
like that was everyone's response really
bravery
Facebook's been crazy I posted on
Facebook today just think in 14 days
everyone's newsfeed will be filled with
Gilmore Girls info instead of your
Lexington book it's gonna be such a
difference like today it's like real
life real issues and I'm passionately
mad or oh really happy and I'm having a
Gilmore Girls party I'm very small on
Black Friday at midnight when the show
drops to Netflix or whatever not told
cameos like you can only come if you
will watch it with us
we can't talk through it zero
I had an actual role we okay so for each
letter you take a junk who wants to go
first
there what t th e he did our huggy pate
there you go
you G I see - jeez okay how are you
ready for your second word asking a asks
hey you did it from F
yeah breaker where he's been digging
holes over here to get to the bottom of
the sandbox over here or you get to the
bottom of sandbox
oh man hope you enjoy the paper don't
what guys she did
there you go cool do we know what system
for instance oh my gosh I go and they
dinner with him
come on Oreo and we're like where's the
fan basic you probably left them outside
she's like oh man I did and now you guys
are all foggy all because Anu you Oh
real funny because he living it let down
the coal for how many I want you guys
have fun out there I take you on
individually or for this house or truck
on the table porch around on the table
hey what's going on under there what is
it hey was that doing under there oh you
girls are so cute hey we're playing
besties forever
oh sweet like that gauges all right
little one everyone may be in bed but
not you not yet glad you need to be the
baby food first
she's been doing pretty good where
they're sitting guys check it out new
hands
Oh
almost time for us to put her in her
crib and quiet baby all right guys time
for comment of the day sort of Sam's
working on his video for the PRC will
get to see it officially tomorrow at the
banquet so comment of the day goes to
pretty much over half of y'all instead
of just picking one comment I'm just
going to kind of share some of my
thoughts with you guys about this whole
election thing so I just keep having
this one thought that kind of resounds
in my head all day long some are happy
about the turnout some are sad about the
turnout some are shocked some are
angered outraged and you know I feel
like my like repeating sentiment on this
you know situation is that pretty much
just God is in control you know I've
seen a lot of posts on Facebook people
fearing for their future in their
children's future and if you're feeling
that way too that I say you know guys we
aren't even promised tomorrow you know
we could all die in our sleep tonight or
get in a park on the way home from
dropping our kids off at school tomorrow
there's really no point in fearing the
future whether you feel like what you
really believe in and what you hope for
and dream for is that's you know at
stake and could potentially be taken
away you're not promised tomorrow so
there's no point in wasting today
worrying about those things and you know
for those of you who are believers and
you're still shocked and maybe outraged
at the outcome of the election you know
I would just say to put all of your
faith in Jesus he's in control and you
know he's sovereign and no as for myself
I really feel a total peace about what
you know our country is facing right now
and that doesn't mean that my candidate
got voted that doesn't we still have not
shared who we voted for and a lot of you
guys are making assumptions but I feel
at peace because I know that God is the
ruler of my life and that I can trust
him and whatever happens like even if
the country just goes to crap and we're
all being put under all this turmoil for
me I know that heaven is on the other
side of this life and there's just
nothing to worry about so let's spend
our days enjoying our children enjoying
our friends our jobs our careers
whatever we've worked in Para passion
into
and just love each other so with that
being said don't forget that we love you
and remember to love each other shoulder
yeah
in this together
