that's right dude voted most handsome
and mommy and daddy you're getting ready
to go vote too
did you know that today we're choosing a
new president all right funny nose for
our country and this together
morning guys are getting ready to drop
apron off at school we've really told
our kids like next to nothing about this
upcoming election
symphonie a little bit because she's
older and she kind of understands and
Sam and I decided to wait and vote both
of the kids were honest you know be more
involved in hey miss Mary blogging did
you meet Miss Mary today at the bank hmm
I'm home now
and I have an apron and a sleeping
little bunny and I have party supplies
check it out you guys oh my goodness I'm
so excited we're having an election
party tonight it started out really
small and intimate just with one of
Sam's brothers and one of his sisters
and we realized hoops we played it on GC
night so contact our GC leaders and
invited everyone they took us up on the
offer and so we'll see how it turns out
hey babe
he's on a babe Hayley well honey
it is finally that time we are off to go
vote as a family in Houston with the
baby um so basically today is about to
get worse or worse you know yeah there's
only a few things that's more patriotic
than voting and of course enlisting into
the military and fighting for your
country is definitely the most but
voting is definitely at the top of the
list
Ally's for our citizens who sit around
and just raise families you know okay
okay we're getting somewhere now
silverware got our little photo booths
section ready red white and blue Oreos I
love it it looks so cute efficient desk
and at long last whoever wins the
presidency in Ohio apparently has always
won the election I didn't know that
little fact until like two seconds ago
when Sam told me
Oh a Republican is never one presidency
without also in Ohio voters are first
yes are here right in time for Ohio's
friend over the line somebody so boat
I'll miss is gonna explode on you I
school do it what's it do man do what is
happening in here oh my gosh Matt you
guys on the Trump train Senate Trump
train I know you're not Mike choo-choo
you don't matter train it's a secret can
I get a cute cute up in here trick room
sixth graders they didn't rush sure
everybody vote and they came over iPads
applause the kids each got to cast our
ballots got like three 277 Miller is 209
I got you go baby you go baby
what are you trying to get
that's a big piece do you want to be
sure I'll take this one
Thanks here you go one for you one for
you here you go buddy
that's candy you love each other as the
bleakest also love and honoring the sea
to respect right in these place who will
not show us love returns that a caiman
that you oh thank you thousand years ago
what's the cool kids doing I'll try to
do work Oh kids are doing work yeah I
know that's what the cool kids are doing
these days
Hey well said
really why do you like post these like
the next day or like hosted like being
like alright man how do you feel
Trump has won Texas I took me hearing
what also would win Texas I need to go
to Trump anyway everybody knew he wasn't
gonna learn yeah maybe for Trump
one-stop Captain America oh yeah come on
come on hello what's your name hi
Christian
so you're going to stay the night from
some party simple summer party awesome
Jennifer and Andrea would say today
nobody won yet the party is winding down
we have Andrea Brenda
oh and as you look the kids have gone to
bed except this little party animal Wow
trucha Florida we thought right now we
got a helpful I'm going to think of that
Matt hey feeling excited shocked
surprised hear it decided I don't know
you're disappointed I'm just like amazed
because you said he wasn't gonna win
booth I think I'm boozled hey you guys
doing over here
the thing about the mannequin challenge
win Trump wanna kinda I don't think
we're gonna know for sure till tomorrow
everybody's passing out
yes skin-boat people asleep on a bench
of my life it's crazy but it's like
Trump born pretty much yeah guys nobody
saw that coming
Trump will be the 45th President of the
United States winning the most unreal
Oh believe a role where you're been
going comment of the day wait first once
think Nia planned a really fun party you
did such a good job keeping beastmon
where things got boring people just got
up and did some pictures over there a
little photo booth and went around the
kitchen hey is really fun we have a
great time good job it was so fun thank
you it was so fun seeing that our house
can't accommodate people comment of the
day goes to galaxy girl gamer five seven
eight in the beginning Juliet had Trump
hair lol hashtag go Trump she totally
doesn't know that it's like this I can't
believe have as much pick up on that a
boy a symphony school dressed up as
Donald Trump for America day I don't
know what American guys like obviously
cuz the elections next thing well no
they have its spirit week like today
with spirit day
that's why she's ring green-and-white Oh
tomorrow's was it called copycat day
what do you guys think did it turn out
the way mourners its turn out yeah let
us know in the comments below there's
one thing you guys know we're happy
about that Donald Trump said he was
going to let supreme court justices who
were pro-life and that's what they were
excited
yeah so hopefully that won't happen
we'll see you guys are don't forget you
love you and remember to love each other
we're in this together
