Sippi you apps are not wearing that to
school today
um it's American day uh excuse me what
is that
is it American Day fourth of July today
you sure mom every bug in your slide
compact only way he doesn't like his
slide anymore all right
it's really fast if your move on can't
help you
that's when the sticky doors
oh good morning neighbor why don't you
let you slide anymore got a little
there's Julie it's crazy here joined you
yet hi Bebel fancy shoes sweetie I love
Jamie node what's his name
is that a football nose Gary this was
actually sent by one of the viewers we
opened a couple boxes while Neil was
away and I wasn't able to vlog it but
wherever you are you know you're abram
loves the bear that you sent here I mean
the episode loves it since he got since
he opened the box
I cannot find any better like American
it's not up yeah I got the whole crew
here with me this morning we're getting
doughnuts and letting mommy sleep in a
little bit hopefully this little girl
open
thank you oh yeah they told me that read
I guess not
what old buddy cahuachi
pink donuts by simply it is pretty good
girl simple more narrow good morning
guys this has turned into like a pajama
sweater I'm sure most of you have
noticed it's so cute Sam's with all the
kids to the donut shop this morning let
me sleep in I feel so spoiled and still
very sleepy just plate em girl
oh poor listen I see Sam and she's
swimming so cute baby hey do you guys
remember one day I was like wow look at
this big white fluffy dog but you
couldn't see it through the window this
is the one veggie have legs shut eat
this okay then she's not gonna bite you
with her big sharp teeth use a mind you
yeah say hi Thoren can you pet his fur
Pet his fur tell my mommy he talks a lot
and and when he barks he's wanting you
teddy
Oh Bobby are you okay Oh guys I just got
home from a busy day of errands lunch
today at symphony school wasn't that
great they made a room come inside and
he couldn't play on the playground and
everybody was crying and all kids were
heartbroken today olive Abram but now
I'm home with symphony how long
long everybody
you guys I'm about to make Juliet her
first baby food in the short cup
I'm doing sweet peas you're gonna attach
it like this come on I need somebody to
come help me twist you know baby food
this is smell like baby food
yeah boy how cute Juliette's little
shelf licks in the fridge it's okay they
look like her you gonna mana mate it hi
Amanda get ready for dinner here I made
dinner tonight so I'm kind of nervous
about hey you doing neighbor oh I'm
gonna leave it here in case you change
your minds it'll mean a Sam's first time
eight years what is it Italian sausage
tortellini soup dude no joke I took this
pot and I poured it into another pop
that takes a lot of work and that took
another pot pour that into that pot
that's impressive thanks bro hey buddy
hey Julie I got you Oh aren't you
something there with the kids yeah all
right go away do you ever wonder how
long with though it's a bad day to do
that bro you don't want to share your
low point
close your eyes pointed I am what is up
no haryana baby really do him a lot
we're making a graphic today you know
mirrors are like Oh Mina Oh seriously
like I was like at all we need it I
didn't feel like like being able to do
this from like no because he looked up
to me he didn't even say anything I said
no I want to go I want to be with them
oh you know yes me all right well
that's cool
I know when Mia mentioned that you guys
are coming over that was the most
excited I was there he what he really
perked up and this again be cool let me
get me get out of bed now lots of Pizza
I've been going nonstop
my entire day yeah I mean it's funny
some people learn wine down with our
friends I like it they got some hard
news today that they don't want to share
over sleep but keep them in your prayers
guys I'll be cool we're going to Bible
time with the other just man real
exciting story yeah yeah the story looks
like Ava got chickenpox or he's here
three - two - did you know she hit Moses
in a very special basket on the river Oh
Miriam couldn't watch it did you
so Stuart I'm gonna go over so well
tonight kids got crazy of course that
would happen with them here comment of
the day goes to Olivia Ortez when are
the kids going to get baptized um as I
mentioned yesterday I'm feeling you
should be baptized when you're able to
repent of your sins so when our kids are
able to do that that's when they'll be
baptized when they understand the gospel
and they understand why they're being
baptized and when they can make the
choice to do it that is when they'll be
baptized right honey yeah I just
thinking you know Symphony hasn't even
shown an interest and so you know she
just talked about it she's seen her
daddy baptized now so we know she knows
that it's a thing but she still doesn't
understand that try to explain to her
it's over her head I think so too I was
baptized at eleven and or seven or
something and I realized later on it
that it was over my head I didn't know
what I was doing there on that note we
will see you guys tomorrow God willing
we have a little x√¨ng party that's
going to happen right here in this room
just what family maybe some friends will
come over it's going to be crazy
tomorrow's election day or today's
election day right now or you guys are
getting in the boats I'm sure you guys
are watching that instead of this but if
you go vote is it too late can y'all go
up I mean they can in some places it's
open till 7:00 p.m. here it goes already
I'm like what look yes the Assembly God
but we will see you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
hey we should walk
in this together
