why'd you open the window just a bit
good morning fan basic today or this
morning isn't very exciting morning for
me
by the same
we've got to give
in this together yes I'm 31 years old
and I'm finally getting baptized I was
baptized as a kid but I don't remember
it
so I'm redoing it today because I feel
like being baptized is something you do
after you feel repentant of your sins
and after you put your faith in Christ
and I feel like that never happened to
me as a kid I was always confused about
the gospel I never really understood it
and so now this is just an active
obedience for me he told us to repent be
baptized and be filled with the Holy
Spirit and someone would be baptized
today in front of Paul my church family
Keith is gonna be doing it he's been
discipled me make disciples and baptize
them in the name of the Father Son and
the Holy Ghost and that's what heat is
gonna be doing because he's learning
discipled me it has helped me get to
where I'm at today but um I'm nervous
but super excited that's why I'm wearing
swimming shorts to church according
symphony and Bieber to be witnessing
this today with Juliette
in the universe Oh buddy what you got
there I don't know your teacher at
supper baptism the picture it's an
outward sign being worth change just
like a wedding ring is a sign of my
commitment to my wife it's not too cold
I promise
symphonie what did you think daddy
didn't baptize cool what was cool about
it what do you think it means did you
think daddy was going swimming
he didn't go swimming what did he do go
in that bathtub Abram was running out
there Juliette was trying to nurse and
he was like Sam's sister and Brian you
guys met him yesterday I came to see
Sammy what did you guys think
so everyone's so proud yeah baby
oh you'll never know him proud I love it
Chrissy Chrissy Nia forgot to ask how I
felt after my baptism I did yes
everybody but me which is fun of course
it's cool to have that experience behind
me now whereas it wasn't there and I
just now I feel like I've taken a one
more step further into being step with
God's plan for my life what are you
doing sitting
what I mean you're working on the home
isn't it from school
oh that's school you said you're going
home work this is school work I'm doing
all right
no punching daddy all right so what are
you working on homework spelling okay
what are you working on home okay oh it
looks like you're a went past the
chocolate but make sure you get all the
way up to the vanilla why don't you
write the word that your favorite flavor
strawberry strawberry the very top line
well you like the top line because
that's my favorite flavor at the ice
cream shop
hey guys I'm here at the Raider house
and I'm making a really fun meal tonight
that involves these little skewers is it
all bad news though
the meatballs are super spicy so I'm
gonna have to resort to no chicken
nuggets this is fancy
kebabs is that steak for that meatball
okay okay
I see you baby
hey all right it's in Julian's nursery
go get it
do you guys mind bananas for the first
time bananas we're food already
no you don't want to do it yet vegetable
week keep going
all right I won't do it I almost did it
I'm gonna have to make it then I'm out
of vegetables I'm not dude just make her
some ah I guess okay one two three what
do you think so you decided on rice is
it one Abrams pants and shirt all in one
it's not as if this goes to show that we
are more uncomfortable about how we
looked in it how we actually feel
because I do this to Abram I'll post
pants way up and hit the sack like it's
a normal thing because it's somewhat
comfortable but it doesn't look
comfortable so I think we base our
comfort on what looks like to other
people you know for example our house oh
that house doesn't look comfortable we
better move honey our house doesn't look
comfortable to other people's clothes
but we should move because it doesn't
look comfortable I'm onto something here
I don't know what it is but I'm on the
side of them that's my shirt hey this
mommy's hey are you
it's like a toilet paper money was here
I know I don't know why they're
gradually making snow cones
okay now stand up in training
yeah
Wow nobody here 4000 sir hey dude really
right you come get this off my head
right now Noah and his sons built a big
it was well everyone brushes her teeth
me and Juliet are gonna do comment today
comment of the day comes from that girl
she said Mia you should use coconut oil
and Juliet's here it will make it grow
thick and well that's a good tip I've
been wondering how to I just feel like
her hair hasn't been as healthy lately
like it's been getting a little bit more
knotted at the back because she's
sleeping or riding in the car I really
wanted to in today's vlog and say some
thoughts that I've been thinking all
weekend regarding Sam's baptism and the
prayer that we did over the 5k race
yesterday I just feel like those of you
who've been with us long enough will
know that you know we just went through
like the hardest time in our life in our
marriage ever last year and it has just
been such a big process are healing and
our restoration of our family and our
marriage and everything and I just I
have just been so overwhelmingly
thankful and blessed and just I feel so
loved by the Lord you know the song
opened the eyes of my heart and I just
feel like the eyes to my heart were open
this weekend and I was really able to
take in these events for exactly what
they are and I give all glory to God but
I truly feel like to an extent the Lord
was just giving us these little gifts
these little tangible gifts ain't here I
love you we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other hey bye guys
we're in this together
