time to get dressed ready get dressed
buddy
every Wednesday will be fun wins away
for morning guys we are up early off to
go to especially that we were invited by
I am second to open up a 5k and plan out
with the prayer and so we are running
out the door because we're only 10
minutes late ever I'm here mo remaini
guys there's a radio secret room where I
gotta get the baby kept it real Plano
and it's still dark out well no with one
two three four five kids and I'm just
kidding haha oh yeah I'm just living in
numbers I'll help you put it on after a
bruh then after the fun when I'm
supposed to open the whole place up in
prayer guys kelly raspberry in here she
says they're taking a picture take a
picture
RAZR MAXX I would remember all these
people really small crowd control got me
nervous you know it's a little bit
skinny a quick bio about Sandhya bigger
a local couple here Dallas with a global
following two years ago they became
internet superstars when they recorded
themselves lip-synching love is an open
door from frozen it's just when you got
that song out of your head it's now back
there right
since then the Internet has food in
every day at you have to see their
family adventures everything comes the
bright part you see announcements to
turning their pool into a giant enjoy
that takes the work y'all emoji enjoy I
need more copy their YouTube channel is
not merely 1.5 million subscribers
that's amazing and best of all they're
not ashamed about their fate and
pointing people to God so can you put
your hands together and welcome Sam in
the end if your whole family and we
start off your win for the 5k
preparing at the table America's
favorite religion and a strength that
were able to find for you today
I'm a part of the business risks and
we'll bring the story when you are four
boxes or actions and awesome give it up
for sanity and their beautiful family
but I got you to thank you guys
beautiful all right
you couldn't have asked for a better
morning to do a 5 or 10k this is it is
as good as it's ever going to get those
nerve-racking but I guess so I'm pretty
good I used to pray in front of too many
people go Mac a walk as fast as you run
he needs a drink
racer needs a drink Oh as you hang it
out go Symphony what place did you get
all right little metal was it I am
second run hi I'm the wizard Matthew
this is John guys I want to sell here
next long Manos off another so good to
see you got a good time kid me up on
stage pray for the first time from the
crowd I remember before me nervous I was
a little bit but what story Frank no I'm
I felt like that's not making the car
no but thanks a lot man we really do
yeah listen
yeah thanks for you guys do I mean just
love how open you guys are about who you
are face we have a really nice right
here so many murmurs gravity got so we
have to go can't help thank you up to
get man don't forget your second whoa
the race is over we're at brunch Matthew
mom she's in for wedding festivities
we're going wedding dress shopping today
she see there when there's so many
beautiful we're getting to pick dresses
for her to try out I'm gonna pick one
from this exclusive line yes I picked my
dress
Oh Giuliana I want to get a shot of it
and who is this from watch this
exclusive line again Oh Sofia told yes
and that's the only place
yeah we've ice to get that hurt and
Dallas is here so awesome there goes the
symphony dress are you excited to see
her in it do you want to try a dress on
today you do well we don't know that
you're gonna be a flower girl you're
missing her and said that you could try
one on let's let's do hers first okay
when you picked what do you think of it
it's gotta be the winner I don't think
it is but it's beautifully the waning do
you seem like it's a symphony veil Wow
right okay better name you're never shy
are you hmm
do call her Addie thank you Andrea needs
to try this one on
ah and this one oh my gosh that it just
that one you and Trey on to birthday you
like that one
you look beautiful
do you want to go show miss Andrea oh my
goodness okay that's true some of them
do you feel itchy some do want you to be
comfortable be able to dance hey maybe
when you come out this time you can do a
twirl this one's twirl worthy what do
you think of this one
oh great it's so pretty the last one cuz
did I yeah they keep bring it really
gorgeous one is Hardy one the one is
snowboard a soldier to show you guys the
cameras Matthew
okay she's putting on her next jet how
pretty will it be hmm hope how pretty
could it possibly be
wow that's like the best one so far
we're back now we did not say yes to the
dress we did say yes to about seven
fades alone everybody bride-to-be Z
today's a busy day for us you gonna get
the baby you forgot about her why did
and ask you to she's nothin go have
dinner with family my mom's sister and
her kids should be fun see ya Tiffany
what is this hose somebody vacuum me
they're like a really long back in
excuse me can you get down like that's
going in the vlog
Jamie that's going in a vlog why no
those funny I like get out I don't like
it so we're done eating now I'll just
chill not here Jamie this is Jamie hi
Jamie this is my cousin we uh we knew
each other as little kids and then she
dropped off the map like clearly she
went to New Zealand that's Mia on the
baby symphony
Matthew Rachel and this guy is Brian no
pepperoni here hi Brian which apartment
number that's a Rachel my boyfriend this
is Andrea and her mother 1000 I'm sure
they already introduced you to us so
you're a closing yet he has look
executive service crazy just white and
black hair sounds right this is Thule
she's six months old mrs. Julia hi guys
met her yeah she wants you Carly Kirk
you like playing your song Oh Symphony
you are gonna such a great mommy someday
what's this
just get him back here I see the baby
turkeys hi I see baby
oh all right guys come another day goes
to DIYs and more with Elle mad she says
I'm freaking out I love where y'all were
I'm sorry with I live in Pierce she
meant I live where y'all were I live in
Paris Texas I wish I could have seen you
did he love my town yeah
honest she wrote another one underneath
it I can hardly breathe right now Mia is
my role model on the fact that she's
within ten minutes and I didn't get to
meet her makes me so mad oh that's so
sweet
yes I did love your town I don't know
what all footage went in yet but I was
really squealing and excited about the
mini Eiffel Tower you need it much of it
I wish you got more of it cuz I wanted
to see it myself and she just got like
very quick footage of it but really I
didn't get like up close
I'll disappoint it no all right guys
well thanks for joining us today toes a
big day a very memorable day I think
it's gonna go down in the books
tomorrow's another day that's going down
on the books for sure
so we will see you there tomorrow you
don't want to miss it five pin-sharp
don't forget we love you remember to
love each other
we're in this together
