look at her why don't you put it on a
plate it's going to put oil on it and
see what looks like what is it you're
painting guys I'm having to wait this
together what's up guys I got a special
guest with me today check it out oh I'm
saying a special and extra special oh
yeah I always told you yeah she didn't
show us that I was a fair Sun I told all
of them now she said if she was hello
darkness my old friend I remember you
telling me that um if you were holding
on to all your boys on a cliff and you
had let go all of them except one you'd
hang on to me I never said that you
should do I never even talked about
cliff that be horrific you push this is
a new get us all
don't the good sound was that a movie
with Elijah Wood that's what it was
people said you did I thought that was
ya people we're not growing up people
thought I'd look like Elijah Wood so I
thought wait she like goeth Elijah Wood
don't you dare just like Oh Macaulay
Culkin right I was so terrified at the
car guys I want to take her to Oklahoma
with me so bad but it's such a long trip
and I feel like she just had to be so
miserable in here her heart researched
racing she shakes like crazy look at her
why don't you put her on a blanket like
I do pimples look she just can't even
stand it
can't believe that we took the dogs for
nothing everything's closed or drop the
dogs off
I took her temperature about 15 minutes
ago and it was a hundred and thirty
point seven so then I gave her a second
motrin so she's had two and in one hour
and then I put a cold washcloth on the
side of her face and when the babies
wake up from their nap she's gonna take
a little lukewarm kind of bad to kind of
regulate your temperature and bring it
down it's ready let's see if it went
down no I went down point one she took
her second motrin for this hour about
ten minutes ago
not even ten so I'm gonna wait about
five more minutes and retake the
temperature she requested to take a nap
and try to fall asleep so let's try to
do that as I see it yo guys yo yo yo
what's up you guys doing what a baby I
see guys I'm having too much fun like
way too much fun building this table for
Nia I took it from farmhouse to
straight-up Industrial she said she
wanted industrial farmhouse it's still
gonna be that style but I think it's
more industrial now than it is farmhouse
yeah I'm super-pumped either she's gonna
hate it or love I love it she doesn't
love it I could always sell this thing
make another one cousin I just love
doing this now I mean my shop is a mess
I'm gonna take you along and show you
guys what I'm doing so for starters to
give it that industrial touch after I
design the whole leg I'm gonna add some
hardware and I already have a whole leg
design so I know what size I need I'm
just gonna shown you guys what I'm doing
here I have these guys are going to go
on the bottom front and back these ones
are going to go on top this is gonna go
the sethe table is gonna rest of these
little fasteners here but I won't be
leaving any of this stuff silver it
doesn't look good for the design 1/4 so
we're ripping all of them this flat
black
that dries I'm gonna build a leg get it
all set up and radio to attach those
it's gonna look so awesome guys can I
just oh I just ran to the store to get
coffee creamer and I spent like 30
minutes in there just walking around
something so like liberating about walk
around the grocery store kid free
anyways I got symphony some fun stuff
for her channel so you guys'll have to
be on the lookout she came and snuggled
up in my bed in her jammies and we made
a little symphonies world video is
really cute so you're feeling better huh
really day whoa you're even hopping let
me feel your head you still have a
little bit of fever why don't we check
your temperature real quick alright 98.6
no fever symphony all the symphonies
world videos are over gotta admit a
little bit stressful doing two in one
night but we made it through right
Symphony mm-hmm and now we're painting
what is it you're painting how's that
daddy made me daddy cut that for you
today
that am painting the how to make I love
it
inner time I made potato soup about to
top it off with some chai Symphony went
up when I told you guys what I made
that's her favorite of soup and she's
sick today
alright so yesterday we left off with
the leg here it is got all my pieces cut
now it's time to put this thing together
and we'll go from there
so that is how the leg is gonna look
right there you guys think kind of a
typical design but I did add this up
here and I made these higher and I added
some curves here instead of just a board
or I'll go stop there it's time to rough
this thing up and make it industrial so
the first thing I want to do you I give
this thing a rougher look let's get my
plane engine and run it over I want
everything flush at the same time going
to get a flush and I'm going to leave
the the lines in there just years ago
so you can already see the distress look
I'm trying to get here do those cool
lines in there and stuff they just look
kind of natural right like a like a hand
plane and I couldn't do it with a hand
plane but it's faster that way now it's
time to see what the magic of these
tools can do
all right got that side all distressed
as you can see this co little marks in
here I love these marks they click
little train tracks and then I really
like these ones this is just the bottom
of this
it's fun to see what kind of impression
certain objects will make they go cool
this one it looks like a sword that was
just one of those little as an L just
different stuff so you take this out
it's gonna get this metal stake here and
see what kind of impression of eggs
there and give it a good whack a little
check mark looks like a Nike sign let's
see if we can make a wrench impression
cool these are cool little diamonds okay
I'm willing to me that I've probably got
a little carried away with this let's go
to put oil on it and see what it looks
like I don't know guys this is pretty
dang cool do those notches I just love
how that whale brings out all the little
different engines see the wrench we got
right there now it's time for these bad
boys I want to put this one right here
help support all that and for looks of
course and this one right here this will
this will tie into the bottom of the
table like that what you guys think put
some big hefty sexy bolts in there
I got these big beautiful bolts to go
right in the big holes here so they go
right in there but the thing is just
grab the top doesn't fit in that hole so
I got a drill the metal to make the
metal hole wider so this will fit flush
down on top of it
another big enough for that to sit
inside of their flat they got a square
bulb of birth then you draw through
so for these guys I was thinking since
this is so bulky I could put these
little things on here twist them real
tight and make it look like it's
actually like holding this all together
as an industrial look and it looks like
it's structural that's the thing you can
make you look at industrial but you got
to be careful making it look fake all
this stuff that's on there is actually
structural so now she makes a lot
stronger all the pieces this will also
make this stronger so let's see what
that looks like to put it right there in
the middle
not cool right there uh-huh is it too
much what do you guys think I love those
I feel like this kind of ties it all
together
and there we have it guys with two legs
tomorrow we'll get the tabletop on over
gay guys we love you and remember to
love each other Sunday morning okay
raise your hand if you want to bake with
mommy surprise and I'm gonna let you
guys watch her look at the picture
