you are my sister made by the same guy
nobody same heart we've got to live
we've got to give
well
in this together morning guys
yesterday at 12 a.m. our time what time
was at your time day 12:53 a.m. in
Florida my brother had his third boy and
you guys are about to meet him his name
is Eli let's see that cute baby David
family sick look at that hair that is
awesome hair dude hey man look at Lucy
blood oh my gosh it's so cool it's
usually black and he's got like this
dirty blonde I know you got our hair for
sure oh she's so cute oh my gosh he's so
cute Dave so sleepy congratulations van
what's this whole name
Eli Eli James he lied James writer yeah
it's pretty cool name isn't it yeah I
like you like the Book of Eli that's one
of my favorite movies oh really
I did like that movie look everyone say
how'd your cousin hey Eli hey hey nice
to meet you nice to meet you
he totally has a Raider nose yeah he
does oh my big ass he's he hasn't did a
dimple in his chin I think it's real
small so I think he's gonna have her
curious no he's so scared my gosh oh
that my cousin alright he's like he's a
good looking guy that's godly my cousin
what we got to pack today you are maybe
listening today Abram and I went and
picked out big boy toothpaste after
school coming here we're gonna put paw
patrol mouthwash right in there
where's your toothbrush here's recons
right in here you see and even though we
got paw Patrol everything he met with
Captain America toothbrush okay so let's
practice when mommy says okay Abram go
brush your teeth
hey yes what do you grab next yes and
what do you do after you brush your
teeth they're not loud yes let me open
it up for you make easy and how fitting
considering my brother just had a baby
last night or this morning that I am
going to go finish the video I'm making
for the pregnancy
Center I'm gonna go interview this last
girl the one we have the baby in the
hospital I'm actually going to her house
they asked me what my vision was for
this video because they've done a lot of
videos they've hired professionals to do
their previous videos and Shannon want
to wanted a new look for the video and
my vision is to make it more personal
get more into their lives show more of
their lies outside of the Pregnancy
Resource Center Cindy's going to take
symphony home so I can take this car
because this car over here has kicked
the bucket nothing because the trunk I
opened it to get out a tripod I wanted
to see if it would open up and it did
open up but it won't close so I got to
get rid of this car I can't drive it
anymore I don't want to put money into
fixing this so I'm thinking bout doing
some kind of giveaway I will see you
guys later you're still putting they go
duty what daddy's gonna make a video
about babies Oh what ah are you a baby
yeah 55 million babies have been aborted
since 1972 55 million lovely these
little guys potentially these little
guys 55 million a whole generation of
people it's a huge problem right now
dairy is over Big Brother's gonna come
help change your diaper you feel okay
about yet hmm
and I be yes I'm gonna need a diet be
diaper genie please every king thanks
buddy
go get her
they're PHP re from F R oh good job
what's the next one I think you
accidentally started writing October hey
okay the next one not the law every time
she gets a word correctly no mistakes
she doesn't have a by Teresa do you like
this system yeah okay let's do it again
she was expecting her thumb like full on
latched onto her little thumb and it
woke you
oh here's Mike okay dad let me see if I
can dig it up right there okay that's a
do it I'm an expert I used to do it all
the time oh oh my goodness guys look at
look at that latch oh my goodness mom oh
your suit you know it's bad but I just
love it I think it's so adorable and
none of our kids even thumb suckers
what's up in here hey that's right I got
like Steiner k-cups oh yeah oh yeah I
accidentally ordered two boxes who's
ready for package of the balcony hi guys
my name is Bailey and I'd like to
introduce myself I'm sending you guys my
personal favorites from our Bible toys
line your relationship with Nathan oh
yeah bring your kids so refreshing is
needed whoa damn license oh yeah
what is this story baby peanut
oh cool Symphony like a tonal nativity
set that's awesome
in Augusta Thank You Bailey thank you
super so much Bailey thank you so much
Fang Zi baby Jesus oh oh look at Mel
Carl's on to it this one's Juliet she
said Juliet some little plushies Juliet
likes her toy I get her playing with it
so cutely what is it hey desi boy so
your time yeah Wow they sent her lots of
baby toys I don't never baby toy what's
this your opening right now baby Jesus
oh it's another nature I can tell
because that that's awesome
thanks for the awesome toys if you guys
want to check these out her website is
bible toys calm i don't know i'm reading
that so easily remember but the toys are
actually really cool very well-made and
accurate i guess you could say cuz
daniel looks exactly like I imagined
Daniel would look like who is that
you can't tell who that is come on man
look at those eyes who is that I have
it's Joseph why isn't it so Joseph Oh
God um oh yeah it is just it's gotta be
that's Noah Moses Jonah Oh Jonah oh yeah
Jonah or Joseph that's none
oh wow
we're in this together
