good morning and a happy happy birthday
to this bitch she's five months old
today yes
hi little five month old let's see or
five month legs
you're quite chunky are you ready to do
a little photo shoot of your birth date
you did let's go do you are my sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to
got to give
well we'll know
in this together Oreos become a little
obsessive over this whole it's like you
can't get big enough we're like how big
it is what are you doing oh yeah what
are you building here you trying to get
to China I'm gonna pick up Abram he is
inside making a video for Nia's nest and
I think we're gonna go to Home Depot and
pick up some rope so I can make a
pumpkin pinata you got some friends
coming over Tim Madison and their family
and he has this awesome weapon he made
for The Walking Dead premiere they
dressed up for it we're huge fans and
him and I had this idea of just beating
my pumpkin up with with his little
weapon he made you at the chapel today
did you see the Jesus would you make
right here buddy what is this me a
little book yes it's called Cathy cook
yeah can you read it to us yeah okay
good morning Cathy cook oh good morning
catheter let's see it would you paint on
it whoa
scary pumpkin dude yeah it's kind of
scary we have all the shower heads and
everyone's like wait daddy we need to
get a new shower head and he's totally
right we do or the shower head went out
and simply bathroom which one do you
want to get by since you remembered too
many options for a man here
is that one okay yeah yeah okay all
right thanks buddy don't get that one
yeah you going home no that's a window
going that house I'll see you later
buddy
I love you hey bro midnight blue or
think that was yeah don't like that one
really I'd like that one better hila
suit up I don't know for sure though if
blends too much I wanted to see it
against the paint it definitely yeah
you're right like that one all right
midnight boy I'll get it next time I go
we pick Sasha there's we pick some show
are you really doing a shudder dance
right now yeah
I'm gonna go get symphony run by the
store grab some veggies I'm making stew
vegetable soup whatever you want to call
it I've always called it soup that I
married Sam and his mom calls it stew
and so now I always call it both how was
school today baby
gray Murray onions and bell peppers you
have an important big sister job to do
can't copy yep
now the deal is though no fruits because
we're not starting Juliet on fruits we
tried this method out with our kids we
gave symphony no firts the first like
week or so of having baby food and she
doesn't have a sweet tooth with Abram we
gave him like strawberry oatmeal before
his first feeding and he had a big sweet
tooth so I'm just gonna stick with it do
you want to do carrots think back you
cute funny you're sure
all right cutie you're gonna eat those
later candy no one put carrots inside of
it Marty
yeah it's a secret Tim and Madison are
coming with their kids I know we're
gonna break this open but I'm putting
something inside but it's a surprise for
them can you keep it a secret I'm good
at keeping it okay there's a little
doorway let's see if we're gonna fit the
carrots inside okay I better just kind
of a little smartly so dumb
what it's too big and these are really
bad carrots here's the strap it's just
big enough but it has to go perfectly
over it Oh perfect
look at that it's covering it up
perfectly okay tim has taken too long to
get here so I'm going to get this rope
up in the tree and instead of trying to
throw it up there I think I'll this send
it up there with my drone
oh honey your mother's crash it all
right
sure sir vada take two
you did it good job whoa whoa whoa no no
there we go you got this
lower it quickly
this is freaking me out just a little
bit here oh there we go that's what I
was thinking you'd have to do pull it
you can't get it you think I need the
car to do right in here this is what's
the strongest
it looks like a wrecking ball that can
do some real damage somebody gets away
in that thing
JB got the weapon to kill I don't want
to get dark
there's our weapon guys holy smokes
so you've practiced on smaller pumpkins
oh yeah so hey see that is so cool yeah
all right man people's brains in it if
you watch The Walking Dead you know what
I'm talking about yeah take it off I'm
gonna try to do it I'm gonna try to do
it in one hit
oh yeah oh oh wow that's a good hit
though most lot bounced back into your
face oh listen get some anger out
just imagine that's Tim Meadows Wow I
said th you need to put a hole sucking
right there ha ha ha oh yo you broke it
break that pumpkin yeah yeah oh oh oh
that's that's great come down to the
right oh okay this guy gets on you oh
you're watching daddy's craziness we
wanted a DS craziness
have a bad sorry Britney or your car
sucks clatters whoa oh this is about
this place I can enjoy this together
hahaha get all over here oh yeah there
we go that's about the best all right
Madison car behind me
Oh
yeah
my gosh that is gonna be a brew that was
me you go to finish her off you want to
go ahead yeah do it do it do it
you
such experiment wasn't carrots in there
we're in the world oh you're dead stop
it I don't stop in well really come the
world doesn't make sense
you put cares it he's definitely do so
much as I am about my cooking
everybody here about seconds tonight
Julia had her first real baby food today
she had baby carrots why did she have
carrots you guys know the bunny are you
ready to have comment of the day yet how
about a babe comment of the day yet got
it mm-hmm
I gave up on trying to find common today
because there's just too many good ones
so I hand the phone to Nia cuz from Lee
jung-jae fee 14 sorry if I butchered
that Christians don't celebrate
Halloween the ones we know do we feel
like what we did last night we came
together as a church community and
created a fun and a safe place for kids
to trick-or-treat and it's something we
did with our church community I think
just because you're Christian doesn't
mean you should completely separate
yourselves from culture and it's
innocent I mean obviously we're not
about worshipping the devil if I feel
convicted about it yeah it's a different
thing if you're convicted on something
you still do it
that's when it becomes you know sin I
don't think the Bible directly
references not celebrating Halloween or
anything like that
symphonie would say mommy a girl at
school said halloween is the devil's
birthday where the heck did that idea
even come from I don't even think
there's anything historically like
factual out there that supports that
idea but she could be right no I don't
even believe it I grew up I wasn't
allowed to trick-or-treat because it was
like Satan's holiday I think what we did
was turn something that some people
consider bad and we turn into good yeah
anyway guys we'll see you tomorrow I
hope you enjoyed today's vlog is bashing
up that P inada pumpkin
don't say peanut wrong
career videos pinata sunyata pinata
pinata avianna hey guys don't forget we
love you and remember collab together
we're in this together
