come on buddy bring my water you just
have a drink but and it's such a mess
out here we have the water I'm sit in
the car
good morning guys we're reunited with
our family everyone's in pretty chipper
moods today I'm still worried but
nothing I'm still wearing my wedding
dori I should have wore my hair like
this yesterday I forgot that I've been
wanting to do this style with my new on
our peekaboo highlights and stuff
totally forgot about it how are you
feeling today are your feet killing you
nobody what
Spyder I'm sure where is it horn Makka
pakka
happy Sunday morning guys
hi Mike Mike always shows up to help us
get the kids out who knows it overwhelms
us yeah this is not a mom this is
hogging talkin Milka Captain America Oh
captain II kept from Abram Erica's we
read your jacket it is more unit ha ha
ha that's what you had for breakfast you
gotta snap and she's wearing a very
fresh today it's so cute I'm awake you
know after how much you shake me I'm not
waking up Uncle Mike took another class
don't yours put that on a broom back it
up fellas Tommy
let her up she's awake now hi baby
haha you go mashed
Mike's not even angry sleeper Mike's an
angry awake
in
who gave me
I stand
I am is your
after church window washing the kids
learned about the Ten Commandments today
teach our young viewers something about
the Ten Commandments I'm gonna steal it
and don't and don't say God to anything
very good that's another one I've been
trying to figure out how to get my kids
to talk properly and not use bathroom
words it took a long time to get symfony
really on board with it and the
neighborhood came along now he can talk
and he's doing it and she's laughing at
it coqu√≠'s a mom at school she
suggested to me to make us buy a space
in the homework or somewhere where they
can do it and get all out say it doesn't
happen at school at church here there
wherever but they can say it at this
time and at this place then what
bathroom words like Pappa wheelie woohoo
like we're supposed laughter or in the
battle see that's what I said in the
bathroom when they have to go but that's
not fun saying it appropriately this
lady was maybe we should make a place
here it's just that she made her place
the dinner table I am not about that
she's a really wise lady I look up to
her God doesn't want that the house is
super quiet right now I just came to
check on symfony she is about to start
cleaning up her bedroom she made a mess
during her rest time yeah you gonna get
it all cleaned up you think you don't
know any section maybe I'll be easier
well okay let's start with section all
things Barbie okay this weekend was so
busy that I just let my laundry pile up
and pile up but I don't like do laundry
I fold it in this room and hang it my
mom bless her heart she tried to make a
little dent and the mess she did I'm
very grateful for her help the little
guy is awake now okay I think Abram
thinks it's cool when he's grounded he
really is grounded today for telling me
no I gave no sting your room let's check
it out I can already see in the doorway
sister Wow well you have definitely made
some progress but you still have quite a
few things to pick up sometimes I help
Symphony out and I'm just putting
everything in the middle of her for
there's still a lot of band-aid trash -
that was your first section I do not
know oh you found one of them sees
jeju-do Dindin you're gonna have pizza
with us
oh yeah email
thank you
every night pretty much we didn't do it
last night because we got home so late
and everybody was just so exhausted but
we've been doing this pretty much every
night before bath time and the rice
seemed to be a little thick for her
which kinda has to be a few of the spoon
so I've been giving her just a little
sip of water in between every two or
three bites she will be five months old
in two days you guys
yum-yum-yum-yum-yum whoa baby whoa
dinner's done and the cleaning frenzy
begins same as so much faster at
cleaning it's not fair
nothing about to tackle our pantry these
have made it into the donation pile so
far isn't it sad these don't fit a worm
anymore my name
I really go investigate hi I'm going to
go
comment below if you want to come
investigate with me we're going to have
air makeup it's going to be so much fun
please after yesterday you guys have
become a little bit obsessed with DIY
hairstyles I tried like for the little
donut on top of my head yes sweetie
Danny did you see yesterday I went to a
wedding and I had to learn how to do was
pretty hair kind of trash
okay I've got one contestant ready for
story time okay two and three
now there's four such a good feeling a
very good feeling feeling you know hip
and basic kinda in the vlog today was
kind of a probably boring vlog
what'd you guys think in today's vlog
just to have a lot going on seems like
it's been a while since we've actually
sat around the house and did nothing but
clean a little bit I went over to the
neighbors helped him cut up a tree a
comment of the day goes to Brandi Mason
she is sure there's two minutes ago yeah
do you have a morning routine and if you
do what is it you seem to always keep a
fun upbeat schedule and great attitude
share secrets please that is one thing I
really love about me and she is amazing
in the morning unlike myself for
complete opposites when it comes to I
don't think there's a secret but there's
a couple of things that I know she does
she reads her Bible and she drinks
coffee and she smiles I think if you
just put a smile on your face walk
around smile talk happy that makes a big
difference it really does try it alright
guys we'll see you tomorrow don't forget
we love you remember to love each other
see you on Halloween
Oh take your Halloween happy out
we're in this together
