good morning our college girl I'm so old
you never met her outside my tummy
before she is your babysitter oh she
likes you can be gay
good morning fan basic how are you guys
today we're off to do the photo shoot I
want to do the photo shoot she's off to
go participate in the actual wedding so
this will be interesting it's gonna be
fun I've never photographed Nia in a
wedding before
Miquel you think you handle this you got
this
she likes the formula nice anyone guys
it's so fun going somewhere where I can
be kind of like relaxed just roll out of
bed hair and I'm gonna go there and have
time to get all pampered I am making it
throw away bouquet on the way to the
wedding
I hear yes sir we made it
Fort Worth Botanical Gardens I've
actually shot a wedding here before once
before so I'm familiar with it terrain
scharping the drum
oh my camera Oh Oh make sure your camera
yeah I thought it'd be cool I don't know
if I'll time to do right now yup you
just got a new case to you broke it it's
coming off right there yeah
it's not tangled up is it step one of my
DIY bridesmaid hair is done the fun was
to curl it and give it texture oh my
goodness look at this hair yes the hair
stylist Oh Maria I need you to take a
look at my nest back there you look so
good is it like a decal yep so you're
gonna kill the over part off yeah that
is so stinking cute we're going to that
made Emily one hour and Counting how do
you feel I just feel not to do this I
feel kind of like married you're gonna
do fine it's okay if we don't get our
pictures first with you right here I
really have to chew it 16:14
oh yeah we need to do that Sam's really
getting in there with these shots
getting nice and creative for congratu
are they resizing it for you yeah the
recipe altered right here but they can
get your pop you're funny cheese it
we're getting ready for a moment that
employee requested who has a song you
get a page stretches yeah show me your
muscles so we got reading at all
Wow
all right so what a great day this is
for wedding I mean this is a October day
Michael you made now Hellinger I kiss
your bride
all right we're done shooting the
newlywed photo ceremonies complete panic
amazing up there was hard not to just
photograph you the whole time
we really lucked out the girls got the
sandwich a the guys had to stand in the
Sun and they were sweating like a little
pig I just stood in the shade the whole
time
pride is back there it's time to go to
the reception where is it a restaurant
it's in this it's in part of the garden
and now we're gonna sign these little
Ginga things which alright on yours oh
that's nice okay did you write one I got
to think it's a bit tougher
they wrote a really cute when I saw it
thanks for making my last wedding a good
one and I was like oh that's so Cuban
who wrote that it was like it over at
seniors
meaning
check out that Courtney sweeper out
y'all let's do it that's it an
embarrassing believe it though honey
getting you coffee and I came for you
asked me to grab it wasn't that okay
that's fine now I could spend with Emily
that's why there's out the way what's
this for we fill it in the end but why
why are we doing Joshy cuz it take
football games we throw tortillas in the
air and since she's missing it we're
gonna do it for our wedding
okay let's pick it back up awareness
really they're contemplating over here
kitsch oh my goodness
kicker I was getting all emotional and
he really did going I think I did want
to run after it
I love you made at home she was like
mommy you look like a princess hey
little nigga guys buddy hey man
oh this yep they make us do is it you is
that the baby oh what's up baby doing oh
no working in baby we did a little baby
I bet you missed mommy didn't you all
right what you guys have time what your
favorite part of the day was what was
your higher point tell us well your
mommy daddy will have to know this but
my high point puppet really having a
having a hilarious sigh at be Reza's Sam
is choosing a winner for the t-shirt
giveaway the kids are so happy to see
day
what a mighty God me angels Bobby for
heaven on earth adore him what a mighty
God we serve yeah I have three
subscribers here picked at random who
have won a cemani a special edition
t-shirt please write us at salmony at
yahoo.com to claim your t-shirt give us
your information so we can send you so
we got belinda mackenzie congratulations
you want a t-shirt Shaun bunny and a v'
a v' eight one four zero three bays err
uh here's common of the day I'll let you
answer this where are you okay so J dog
tree puncher asks when are you guys
doing another meet up with a fan basic
if you do can it be in Tulsa Oklahoma
why am i answering that I don't know one
we're gonna do another one we need to
play in a local one we need that
reminder we need to see some faces of
our subscribers don't you agree yes we
definitely do it's always so refreshing
to see some people who are watching our
family who are sharing our lives with so
what do you guys think though shouldn't
we do it after the holidays we're about
to be in November Thanksgiving then
Christmas or do you guys want one before
the holidays whatever one like let's do
one three weeks alright guys don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
we're in this together
