in this together
morning guys I'm heading out for a
bridal brunch my best friend's wedding
is tomorrow the kids are playing on the
trampoline does Ava I'm still out there
okay okay bridal brunch where we sit
around and talk about wedding details
and we eat and drink coffee and stuff
are you gonna be mommy's big helper
that's what you're spending the night at
be rose again tonight okay
yeah you and Bobby not only do have the
bridal brunch today but tonight is the
rehearsal dinner and Sam has his guys
night out for his birthday so just
seemed easier to have the big kids go
with my mom thank you laughing I love
you Abram don't forget any rooms
blankets and Hartley yeah okay y'all
don't forget him okay I'll see y'all
later
look at my beautiful best friend of the
broom and her nose - this is a quiche oh
my gosh so is this spicy oh no it's just
perfect we have bride cookies so pretty
time for nails with the bride what are
you gonna get done uh I can't remember
what it's called we're gonna do this one
e 12 wait I can't do it oh gosh toes are
done very different red this is a
bride's mom is his white mom or Denise I
still call her mrs. white she was my
junior high teacher
let's see your nail choice for their
wedding ma'am oh I see you're going with
the Space Age look um this is a really
expensive it's like the new they're just
so lovely overhead toes I am Naboo bun
daddy so you know I'm your friend
that and a my funds being Kaitlyn have a
lot of driving to do so we came over to
different coffee in between nails and
rushing around before the rehearsal
tonight it's just so exciting
we're doing such grown-up people
going to the rehearsal having this
branch and
and it's kid-free feels like a lots of
mega grown-up time hi fan basic are you
guys long time no see
I hung out at the house with the kids
all day Juliet pooped on me and like
literally just came spring out the size
of her little diaper cover pretty bad
but now I'm gonna go have guys night and
you guys are invited to come along I
take you guys along even though I know
most of you aren't even guys is it okay
if they'll go cuz it's guys night it's
true gonna make an exception for the fam
basic okay here's half of the group
that's coming to my guys night out
Matthew and Andrew you guys know my
brothers soon heard this so you guys
pretty good at this or I'm probably the
best you'll ever meet you probably are
I'm further Pecha tell you last time
that accuracy is more important than
speed I'll be the best you've ever met
I'm missing a ball we need we always do
something like that
thank you Andrew Wow look at this guys
we got the very end of the tough tall
top so they parked us basically how to
balance we running through the outer
boundary on the very end and puck off
field so my other only two friends made
it
EEP and Justin I have four friends super
my brothers
you guys remember Justin he's a Mexican
he still has that Mexico pan I thought
since this is my birthday night my guys
night no you're fine forget rose here's
all just rose to me now should I watch
some videos on internet and then once
they always notice for pig nose to know
that stuck out more than anyone else is
in your this is no in all right angry
your turn
you can fit on your brother that's all
you got come how far you loveless at
selling your children I don't think I
could seem to levels low as you have Oh
see I don't know how to measure ball all
right just he's got something on me I
just want to talk a little bit about how
far you come Sam when I first met you
you were nurse
now you're professional blogger in other
words you used to help people
congratulations are your can afford
themselves yeah I never fight a career
out of it oh no I'm my family you know
oh he was having a hard time camera
something bad is about me he said he's
in my corner so mad him while he's still
thinking about it now they say the
camera is five pounds to you on
Underland Melendez by pounds feels well
well for Sam it's actually 10 pounds
it's good although first Sam he actually
is that over way that was without funny
yep never Wow Jesse got some
might ask you to be the roads and I
haven't seen dependent frickin
marshmallow anyway did you miss the ball
where we got a thousand other house
listen there's a trampoline
hurry up and look at fine for littering
the reason why Sam became a blogger and
sucks is pretty much everything else he
doesn't like you ready to roast me last
chance congratulations Danny made
idiocracy
that would mean ooh what jeez
go me
well finish hitting balls Keith got
first place I got second who got third I
got stuck in the first game oh you did
yes oh just think I second the first
game I'll never forget I guess I could
the second game Matthew got last by far
I did except really practice he was
really good at practice
this guy really serious never mind Matt
you got second to last
I think you know yeah I got anything for
coming a good time yeah man that got
awkward nice to hear how you guys really
feel about me yeah I guess Brian akin I
Brotherhood what's happening now he's
got another one mouth he's got like an
endless list of roasting jokes with Shem
you doing people improve escape we're
talking about what if the roast kept
going on I started emailing me when I
got home like Sam boy I got some other
ones over today he won't say in person
and he's just so mad talking bad about
me what a nice guy you know that's when
you know you have a real friend my
brother furniture hey Sam's getting his
birthday spankings right on the side of
the road
y'all are crazy is your butt sore yeah
oh you got that on camera she was
filming that guys you were my guys okay
that's embarrassing one a well you guys
this long eventful day is coming to an
end I filled up the gas tank twice today
if that tells you anything my night was
really good
Julie I did wonderful and she just had
everyone's attention it was so cute
don't worry buddy was saying about what
she was wearing oh yes everyone was
given Sam some mad props from what she
was wearing because her little blip
first of all he even bothered to put the
ruffle bums on her and the ruffle
bottoms matched the words on the top of
her onesie and he had a bib on her
I was like the only other thing I would
have added would have been a headband
and he doesn't really like the headbands
anyway so nursing rehearsing but comment
of the day from Holly McKee did anyone
else notice that Sam and Nia are
twinning with their t-shirts today I
can't even remember what you did one of
us wore yesterday
on a stretcher
oh yeah I was very good striped shirt
too
mine was Navy and white yours is gray
and white that's right thanks moly for
noticing I'm going to have to go back in
CS side by side I'm like it when we
match an attention play it's sweet but
anyways guys we'll see you tomorrow for
my very bestest friend's wedding and
we'll see you guys there you get to come
along to the wedding
Sadie's going to be there my friend
Courtney is going to be there I'm gonna
be there photographing you yeah oh shut
window photographer all I'm winking
roads I'm gonna pretend like I don't
Fillion like we're meeting for the first
time it's gonna be so much fun I will
take it to the side to do it try the
photo shoot
anyways guys don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
we're in this together
