by the same guy loved by the same heart
and this together you want to spend
basic how are you guys today we're just
cutting up strawberries here for
Abraham's little Fall Fest always having
at his I took him to school today and
they were like you were in charge of
something I don't remember what it was
and I told him he'd get the memo I don't
know we were charging the thing that
just said there's a little paper in his
backpack about his party that guy looked
like four times but it was in there when
they told me it was in there but it
wasn't in there when you told me it was
in there anyway I found it in a stack
near our toy chest which is near where
we said everyone's backpack so bleeding
hearts is that a Halloween thing they
all have like Halloween themed things I
was thinking we could call it like
believing horse excised hearts okay guys
I'm getting ready to head to bubbies
first little class party but first
Juliet goods to get in her little
bouncer exersaucer for the first time
and hang out with Daddy oh my goodness
her feet don't touch the ground yet Sam
saw her if she starts to get fussy just
turn her she can twist to this spot to
this special spot but give it a sneak
out
a real one yes you can hear Anu I feel
so safe walking outside with my little
superhero by my side are you gonna
protect me from all the bad guys in the
world yes how many don't sting Bubba
need some shades yeah thought you were
Captain America thank you okay captain
let's go now put it up in the air
whoa dude you look awesome
man so cool so cute this little boy was
Batman and he character he goes I really
want to Captain America suit yeah like
what you're Batman he was like well my
suit needs batteries got the trampoline
all clean look at that guy's I required
some elbow grease prejudice you some
orange degreaser that I had in the shed
I bought it because it's on sale Home
Depot entire citrus degreaser I mean and
this towel soaked in it and I just
scrubbed away and then I just sprayed it
after I scrubbed and came off pretty
easily here goes captain Merrick he's
gonna jump on the trampoline show me
some tricks Captain America
whoa dude that was that was awesome can
you fly through the air let me see
whoa Captain America roll could he do a
roll in there well well there you go
cool there
Captain America do backflips no no can't
Captain America do the splits in the air
whoa that was awesome man
let me see captain Abe America dude I've
nice man whoa we could jump over the
shield Wow
captain Abram Erica is it my hero yeah
nice buddy Symphony's friend from school
every way you're such a good mood oh
okay yeah we are type of tease okay I
lost Naples already where you go
where's a room there is get himself in
Affairs in basketball hey where you
going
gonna get a picture whoa he's so cute
and he loves his ride can't even stand
it I can't stand it look there's a
picture
good card I'm gonna give you one no it's
a hamburger game
dude that's can have it whoa let's bring
to the table
where are these french fries and ketchup
honey I got him guys I got him
50 tickets for the doing this
are you good at the symphony
oh look at all these tickets we got guys
unions a noodle
you got some teeth trim another way
buddy
scary
what's the muck for my giveaway coming
soon to me his nest near you for channel
handing a big fall giveaway with local
boutiques that I stand up you ready to
buddy yeah we gotta fight this guy every
night to brush his teeth symphony was
not like that at all this guy see it's a
fight I'm gonna hold it down sometimes
last night I was like what is going on
in this room I'm walk-in here means like
trying to hold him down listen to you
honey no no please don't do it not my
son I just realized she's just brushing
his teeth
I know my birthday's over but I do want
to finish the list of things that happen
for my 30th year because I want it
record it just in case if nee Abram
you're watching this in 50 years from
now you'll know the things that your dad
was proud of I got to use my talents for
God for the Lord my talents of
videography for the first time it
started this year started making videos
for my church and that is just so
exciting I can't tell you guys how
awesome that does for me we paid off our
house and her car we own this house guys
this is our house it's just incredible I
went to Iceland that was cool and Mexico
went to New York three times my favorite
city Abram and I took our first
father-son trip that was big we went to
New York that was the big deal about one
of the New York trips that I got to go
with Abram I've never experienced
anything like that with my dad so doing
that with him it was just extra special
the first time doing that with him and
last but definitely not least is I feel
like Nia and I had a breakthrough in our
marriage this year since I've been home
and we've been really getting
know each other yeah I can honestly say
that Nia is my best friend was my best
party right there but yeah very awesome
ear I just have a few less Oh
thanks cutie yes you last very long in
it when he left we also started this
awesome new routine you forgot that one
yes it was a big thing we made this
change in our family right soon no more
tears comment of the day goes to faith
caters what happened to the t-shirt
giveaway babe oh yeah we'll do it
tomorrow we'll see you guys there don't
forget we love you remember to love each
other o
backbends
we're in this together
