so by now you guys know it's in the
boxes marshmallows jumbo Melos 8000 of
them these are massive boxes very heavy
boxes that's not what better way to
celebrate my birthday then with 8,000
marshmallows on the trembling there's
really not a better way to celebrate
your 31st birthday let me just say my
30th year of life was by far my most
memorable most um momentous um work
rewarding year of my life I give all the
glory to God he's helped me overcome so
many things in my life
huge things that were weighing me down
I've overcome and conquered and God
completely delivered me from them other
things that happened we're on the growth
of our channel which is amazing it went
from about 300,000 at the beginning of
my thirtieth year and now we're almost
at 1.5 million subscribers that's
incredible I had a new baby God willing
we'll have another one for my 31st year
just so many other things guys I got a
Costco membership I painted the pole to
an emoji and despite how goofy that
sounds it was something I felt like
conquered that was impossible so I feel
like I did the impossible after I
completed that job and I was very it was
a huge lesson for me but yeah there's so
many things but we'll talk more about
that later let's get on with the
marshmallows the kids are out simply
still school when she comes home we're
going to jump on the marshmallows on the
trampoline but for now I got to unload
all these boxes bring them out there -
in New York and Ania will be home in a
minute with lunch in a broom and we're
going to get all of this unloaded and
put onto the trampoline and it's going
to be a fun day we're also going to
dress up in our costumes this was all
Nia's idea by the way all her are so
let's keep going enough of me thanks for
the birthday wishes guys I love you
uh-huh let's have a fun day okay let's
have some fun
yeah my birthday
thank you thanks sweetie
are they already on there yeah we gotta
get in our costumes
okay junkie yeah everyone's still in his
nap so only wake him up my mr. credible
hi - hey well buddy let me get dressed
hey where'd it go your masks various
whoa where's violet right yeah violet
take your invisible shield off where are
you hey there you are
hey you can't do that in the house oh-ho
look at those ABS guys yeah hard as a
rock
man come on honey let's see how far you
can stretch hey whoa whoa nice
stretching oh wow violet you're strong
just like your daddy Jack good I am um -
I'm dad - all right incredible children
incredible wife she's already drew on
the trampoline what is all that
yeah no it's not eggs come look after
crebbil it's what you still don't know
in my mouth
you got it butcher eight thousand mark
I'm making another grand entrance into
the marshmallow pit just so you guys
know we know that this is a lot of food
even though it's sweet food and junk
food that is potentially I guess being
wasted and so we thought about that
before we did this project and we double
not match we doubled what we spent on
the marshmallows and gave it to the
North Texas Food Bank
I really have a heart for helping those
who are without especially the portion
of the world who are without food we
really want to make a difference in that
area of life we're working on some stuff
that we as a community here on Sandia
can make a difference in and so yeah I
just wanted to share that with you guys
if you're new here go ahead and hit the
subscribe button we do fun stuff like
this all the time we're always
celebrating in big ways and trying to
give back to our community at the same
time and we just love you guys are
thankful to have you along thankful to
be celebrating another bday for Sam with
you guys
Sam with man basic you know what I'm
saying and I'm about to make a really
big grand entrance are you guys ready
for it
Oh Oh
Oh
Oh
and that is how you have an
unforgettable 31st birthday eight
thousand marshmallows on the trampoline
now I've got to clean it all up
oh sorry clean it up right here you just
take some steps around ya scrape it off
Oh Sam gross what a nice brother he came
over to help clean up the marshmallow
make the biggest dam oh my gosh this is
outrageous
you got this birthday boy rose Wow okay
Sam that's the biggest boot so far whoa
oh man my buddy everybody bad buddy
gonna get it get it it's on your back it
is right there right there right there
grab it you got it there's not anything
there anymore oh okay all right guys we
want to take this to the next level
we're gonna spray the tripling with
water and see how much more stick here
we can get this stuff and we're gonna
try to make me into a marshmallow man
it's funny Sam and Andrew say
marshmallow the same way marshmallow you
guys noticed that Matt you getting this
I mean yeah it actually cleans your feet
accident stick at all it's actually
clean my feet what did I say
the slimy marshmallows got abran stuff
Superman one injury him have a good
little system going on over there boy am
I glad you came over here I would have
been me up there tires you out everybody
is all cleaned up and marshmallow free
and we are going to do a present or two
before we have dinner we still have
about 10 minutes back there
Sam's gifts this year that he's
unwrapping are a little different the
things that he wanted are like they're
not on the shelves so what I've done is
a little different are you ready to
check it out Sam yeah new batteries oh
those are just to weight it down oh haha
okay number one first its presents
charade
she is gonna act it out it's the thing
shoes no army room no bicycle yes do you
buy no way that's awesome
symphony wants to go with you though and
so we weren't able to exact we're gonna
take you shopping okay no way bro stop
you little sneak no here we go even
cooler thing alright somebody bought
mommy
surfing skateboard
we got me a skateboard booster board yes
that's important mr. Boyd wait wha
that's strange I call phone iphone
iphone7 what was it it's coming
everything you came to buy one in the
store it's not on the shelves so it's on
the way it'll be here in this now sorry
okay one more a man uh-huh man min min
min what the min moon maybe hey I'm
going the moon to the moon no you could
know I don't
what are these done yeah really you
really want me to tell you what they are
yeah golf balls golf balls what is this
the moon I'm going night golfing you get
I'm giving you a guys night out
Oh guys night Oh I planned a guys night
out for you this Friday and you guys are
meeting at top golf that was a lot of
fun honey thank you yeah I was really
cool it's actually pretty cool to give
gifts that way cuz I now get to wait for
mine oh they're coming anticipating them
and you know that the fun is in that
part - they're not just opening it is
there me maybe my favorite dinner is it
really your favorite it's one my top
favorite stuff it was one of your tops
man what you the great this time oh my
favorite
I hope you liked it it made a little
different this time but thanks for the
happy birthday wishes guys thanks for
joining us today on my birthday so happy
to be alive so happy to start a new year
with this woman this family and you guys
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other dinner
we're in this together
