you don't want to go what that's what
everyone said - oh great I'm making me a
Valentine's Day present you gonna do
this for the fan basic you guys are
gonna share a special gas I saw coming
this morning somebody saying it then
this when I did a Fanta the B to the a
thing and it got almost 60 likes on it
so I'm sorry for skipping out on that it
realized you guys loved it so much if I
knew you loved it
I'd like make t-shirts for and
everything but anyway for now I'll just
butt up fake to the B to the a to the SS
ooh there you go well guys I'm off to my
little workshop here it's this little
guy though you guys miss my little
workshop as you can see I have some wood
stacked out in front of it that's cedar
it's my first time working with cedar I
started last night I'm making me a
Valentine's Day present I'll give you a
sneak peak coming inside oh don't tell
her honey if you're watching don't watch
check it out you know that is that's the
top of our new dining room table that
I'm making for nee if you wanted a
farmhouse table you've been talking
about for a little bit like you know
what honey
I'm not gonna make you one I am I make
either one for Valentine's Day the smell
of cedar guys compared to pine which I'm
so used to working with such a huge
difference it's like so sweet and this
is like smells so strong that you can
almost like feel an allergy attack him
room but I'm not really susceptible the
holidays if somebody was they'd have an
allergy attack in here like crazy look
at my floor in here look everything
covered in Cedars I decided that were do
some planing in here last night which
wasn't a the best idea but honestly as
you guys know I love a dirty floor you
know so I'm learning how to do different
joints here these are alder from board
you got one two three four five six
seven these are called the bread boards
on the end here okay I'm making mine a
little bit different from what you
generally see I'm making a little bit
more narrow not as long a via sleek for
a small kitchen I added this little
middle piece here as like the little
little accent you know and right now I'm
just trying to make the the tabletop
flat so I placed on teeter-totter on I
just asked I said honey if I were to
make you a new table would be okay that
the plates and stuff like Teeter toe a
little bit on the table said no and I'd
like them to sit flat so good
go figure and while I work I want to
listen to some Christian music in here
Nia got me this trow BIA that's for the
iPhone 6 & 7 I'm gonna use it for my
content if it's a different size phones
so you slide your phone in there they're
supposed to project the sound better
I thought it was chilling so my phone
here and does it project very well so
I'll see if this thing works I don't
remember if I showed you guys this thing
but it's made out of solid hardwood I'm
gonna go to my playlist again undeniable
let's get started
well I ran out supply so sipping in our
heads at Home Depot doing daddy making
right now
you know Valentine's Day is coming up
right
I'll make your mommy a new dining room
table nice oh but it's are you working
outside and I knocked on the window yeah
that's it I said leave my friend Julie
she brings salads for her lunch and it's
not the time you get it's like losers
circle then when there's toppings in the
chips they're not on solid chips they're
Doritos and then we tried each other's
because mom you sent me some of her
salad chips from chick-fil-a for some
reason okay so for going across the
table to tie in the two legs I want to
use metal piece of this what that'd be
cool guys I have this gonna cross
instead of using a piece of wood just to
add a little industrial touch to it and
I need some like catchment thingymajig
I've never built with metal before I
know it's so common these days you know
how to build these kind of things with
shelves and people to make its tools out
of it I'm just gonna add a little touch
that's what I need right there one of
these pieces where's that at help me
find her maybe throw a screwdriver we'll
just take it off no I saw it matters
that for the workers
and yeah it's probably for the workers
unless we're going here yes between the
legs so we decide to go a different
direction with the pipe I'm going to do
three of them instead of one across so
those more fittings in there and give it
more of that industrial look so let's go
home our family's coming over we're not
dinner with everybody today everybody
even Nana it's gonna be a blast
all right so symphony picked out some
lavender paint and until we're doing yes
we're not gonna do it today we're gonna
do it soon and I'm gonna have you paint
this heart and then I'm gonna write
something on it in my pretty lettering
I've been trying to do I wish I could do
it we're gonna go to the clubhouse you
don't want to go that's what Abram said
- I thought you loved going oh great
everyone doesn't want to go to the club
houses begin neither does Symphony now
Sam's mom is coming over today first
time in a very long while she was gonna
be here at 5:00 and she such as me at
6:00 and I really just did not want to
wait that late to go I just probably
should just like make the big kids go
with me cuz I dressed you're ready to go
and I'm having fun once I get there what
I do fokin about I guess Sam's already
working in the back
favorites doing his exercises special
guest super excited see now he's been in
pain one hour later two hours later
three hours later still burning remember
when you let me wear one of your jackets
just for you let me wear it outside in
the next forgot to take it off in the
car in class bye oh you're like this is
my daddy jacket were you like look at
all the sawdust on it that's from him
working all the time and building stuff
no I was a different way not that way
dang good try alright we're getting
ready for bed in a room it has a special
song for you guys
Abram Young introducer hi guys we'll go
to different 24 different twinkle little
star Godhead place you will you up above
won't shall I like a diamond in the sky
twinkle twinkle little star God has
placed you with you
I got this we usually read a Bible story
at the end of the day as you guys know
but symphony tonight wanted to tell the
story herself without even looking at
the Bible you gonna do this for the fan
bases okay so after a play on Sunday he
decided that he could let the Israelites
out of Egypt and then so he changed his
mind again and didn't let them so they
came to chasing after him and God made
it where Moses couldn't just lift his
step and then there's stopped parted and
in the Israelites and Moses walk through
the sea on grass and on dry land and
then um when Pharaoh Cain and his army
they um they drowned it because Moses
put a staff there and made it work oh
they all drowned it in the same business
good job sweetie
we were gonna read this story she's like
wait I want to do it in my own words she
told us the story tonight out of that
girl she used such good words like on
dry land and his army I just felt like
she did some good kids are in bed it's
time to build man I love this site
and that is what the leg is gonna rest
in right there pretty cool huh
all right guys we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
that's going to put oil on it and so it
looks like what is it you're painting
guys I'm having too much fun like way
too much fun oh it's simile spa
