clicking smile let me get a smile oh
you're not gonna do it's a huge oh gosh
dumb dad my brother you are my sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
where I won't
and this together one guy
quiet in the Raider house Sam is working
at the PRC Juliet's not being Abram in
Symphony art school and I am crafting I
love crafting I am making the case for
my best friend's wedding this weekend I
didn't wait until the last minute even
though that is like me I did not want to
have these sitting around my house and
potentially get ruined by my kids who
think my craft area is just as much
their craft area looks pretty good you
guys right wait a second did I double up
one flower ah I doubled up this flower I
think that one and that one they're the
same yeah I know I was gonna make a
mistake I just didn't think it would be
so early on into the project ah oh
leakage every knows the happiest girl in
the world
good morning or should I say good
afternoon hmm yeah did mommy get
lipstick on you
no that's a mosquito right Yoshi got bit
up by mosquitos yesterday look at these
legs how many of you guys use your kids
nap time take it ready for the day do
your hair your makeup get dressed all
that and then right when the baby wakes
up oh hi baby
my name is a blur would you learn at
school today
damn eating I suck oh would you learn at
school today
ah
welcome home symphony what's the matter
let's go fine I'll help you look for it
okay show me where you lost it
where'd you lose it uh that it no is
that it flying around my heart is broken
for my daughter right now is it nice
that we can worry about such small
things like losing a ladyboy why don't
we go make rice krispie treats to get
your mind off of it with marshmallows
rice krispies hey come on and dance - we
can dance turn your game come on yeah
you are true alright ingredient number
one ingredient number three are
marshmallow cream gradient and number
five
wait did they just say they were going
to dance yes I did say we're going to
dance guys we got a Nintendo WiiU here
we finally broke down and got a game
console but what's awesome about the
game that we got with it
Just Dance 2017 is that you're doing
more than just twiddling your thumbs and
sitting on a couch in front of a TV
so really interactive game the whole
family loves it so we're going to do
some dance in while the rice krispies
are cooking what is so cool about this
weekend you don't have to have a bunch
of controllers to have a bunch of
players you can use your smartphone and
that's how we're going to be dancing
today using our smartphone you can
connect up the six of them
we did this with Matthew and Andrea when
they came over make sure you're
connected to the same network find a
just dance app as you can see this game
is available for ps4 Xbox one and Wii U
so if you have any of those consoles I
totally recommend this game guys so much
fun so easy to play and get you moving
and having fun with the family I'm going
to have a link in the description that
you guys could click on to get a free
demo of the
game you'll get the dance to sorry by
Justin Bieber
alright so now both of us are connected
I'm happy and Nia is jazzy who's ready
to just dance we are we're ready to just
dance up and hear it for rice krispies
dude don't get me wrong just dance and
this has so many songs guys a huge
library of song probably any song you
probably think oh here's all the songs
guys it's just endless what you're gonna
do Justin Bieber did you guys know stand
with Bieber fever
yeah you have Bieber fever yeah I just
like today
whoo that was awesome obviously we can't
dance but it sure is fun truck get us
know it's fun I want to like learn the
moves yeah that's what's so awesome
about you can actually learn these
choreograph dances there's so many of
them
I've always want to learn how to dance
and this is just the easy way to do it
right uh-huh I think I got good flow I'm
gonna say I'm a dancer I definitely have
known I think I don't have but tight for
rice krispie treats yeah ready
well is it awesome is it ready am I
ready yeah let's cut it up babe put it
in our bellies okay guys if you have
those consoles makes you check out the
link below and thank you just a 2017 for
sponsoring today's video we really do
appreciate amber introducing us to that
awesome games oh man you're not quite
ready yet
oh I can like that real song - that's
not made she misses now follow me
Randall Walmer to go get some pictures
for a project Sifl don't for school I'm
just like a scrapbook Tiffany what's
your project for tomorrow what's your
project for tomorrow but why does mommy
have to get pictures oh I'm making them
at time run at work okay one two three
and four a timeline of what I really
want to get the project done tonight
tomorrow is Sam's birthday yeah yeah you
guys are gonna help I guess right
there's enough I feel like szostak the
other one on top so we have a what is
this Symphony a giant roller roller and
what are we marking here yeah we're
gonna do one year maybe a half anymore
she just spits it out but she's getting
most of it it's kind of hard to feed
them when they're in between spoon
feeding and bottle feeding because all
we want to do is suck right baby you
don't want to learn how to chew yet and
I totally get it
chewing takes too much work I hate
chewing my food all right we're ready to
add some pictures yeah big growth spurt
from newborn up to one years old I'm
left-handed and so some smudges happened
yeah it's a bit of a bummer Symphony's
doing a fantastic job of cutting her own
wallet-sized photos out well it sighs
yeah those are called wallets are you
ready to label together Symphony and I
glued and place them where they go it
got a little tricky up here so I kind of
had to take over we're actually gonna
use a pencil and I'm gonna have to do
the writing because as to be very tiny
but you get to pick the words what it
should this son first time with be belt
first time Andy slim okay holding my
baby bag for the first time right this
one is spending time all right talk cool
my timeline would add some glitter
somewhere oh yeah cool glitters I'll go
pick the hell we are all done and mommy
has to take a picture of the girl with
her timeline she got to decorate a
little bit you're so cute good job help
him with this symphony we made a great
team don't you thank you little tall
shoes yeah it's like the tip of her head
though listen and I had to put the
pictures up above dad
that's cool it's a good job uh-oh last
one it's that time again comment of the
day you see those boxes back there
tomorrow you'll know what's inside you
will also know where Halloween costumes
are tomorrow's a big day
it's called me fun makes you come back
what did she say comes I get out I'll be
right there baby
comment of the day goes to Jesse Wallace
Nia looks extra beautiful in this video
that got a hundred and eight likes and I
totally agree in fact I stopped I was
editing and I showed her this picture of
her said honey you look so gorgeous
today I'm just like I was just in awe
she just wowed me by this shot
maybe not the face maybe not the face
but just look overall just so gorgeous
I'm still in love with this woman and
I'm just so proud of it but we will see
you guys tomorrow don't forget as always
we love you and remember to tell Sam
happy birthday in the comment section
know guys you don't hurt you Mon you
don't have to really good 431 no I don't
I look like 1441 whatever money I look
like a 31 year old I don't think he
likes 31 yes symphonies exhausted
alright guys we'll see you later
don't listen to her don't tell me happy
birthday I mean you care if you want to
but what
puttin this together
