good morning pumpkin family Corey
Parker's Erin that's your new seat right
there everybody have a seat
okay in this together come on up there
basic how are you guys today looking a
little bit foggy I'm off to go dude
start the video that I was supposed to
start last week on the Pregnancy
Resource Center here in Rockwall I was
supposed to interview a couple girls
both both of them called in sick last
week
so one tried it today we're trying to
get this done by November 20th I think
I'll tell you more about it later but
anyway I'll see you guys later
oh my gosh real-life conversing what are
you guys doing today we are gonna go
work at Susie's pulling out lunch with
her bubbies gonna sit down hopefully sit
down and have lunch with her well mommy
works I love your sweater thank you I
look like a it's like a Captain America
sweater nothing in like football I like
it because of the neckline but yeah I
can nurse easily with it I'll see you
later captain neighbor America ha ha up
top boobs
oh yeah Wow because you ran into fat
boobs Stewie's dukey's so you guys are
gonna come with me cuz he's got a really
busy morning I'm taking Judy's car so to
Carla's car change of plans guys I'm
here at the hospital the patient or the
client I was going to interview about
her story she actually ended up going
into labor so I'm here doing some b-roll
with Joann he's the manager of precision
gym so how would you describe the
Pregnancy Resource Center and like one
sentence
I don't know we have for hope and helped
girls facing unplanned pregnancies
helping them choose life it's helping
choose life it's so exciting to be here
today because we've never had this
opportunity you know to film a girl that
came to us for abortion information
changed her mind and it's willing to be
vulnerable enough to share her story and
be that transparent and then not only
that but let us come to the hospital
which is about to deliver this baby that
would not be here had we not been you
know it's really cool yeah their text me
was like we got to cancel the meeting
she's in labor in the hospitals like
well why don't we just go to the
hospital get some shots over there yeah
like yeah let's do it
yeah and that is the Pregnancy Resource
Center Oh
this place isn't one of those type
places that uses scare tactics to scare
women out of having an abortion it's
more of a place that women come to to
get free pregnancy tests to make sure
they're actually pregnant and free
sonograms and then after they get those
this place helps them realize their
options of adoption as well as not
choosing abortion and there Shannon who
got me the job hi Sharon hey you don't
um what the oh thank you and this is
will they give the free sonograms right
here in this room this is what we're
gonna be doing the interview my client
just got here I would love to introduce
you guys to her but you know prepared
seriesins I'm never going to ask when I
thought I was pregnant and that was just
like oh - like I'm 17 I can't do this
and so they really sold me out on the
abortion and I had had deep thoughts
about abortion honey I'm home
thanks honey what are you doing oh just
put the baby down so I can go do some
dishes I was gonna go grocery shopping
but hi you look like a little chillier
down there yeah she does kind of feels
like I pretended that I just got home
I've been home for a few minutes my
shoes are off I'm cutting the blog vlog
probably going to go up late today
cousin expect to be out this late it's
three o'clock already
hi you can do it in a princess Molly
game yeah
all right baby lunch duty was really
cute today Abram and Symphony were so
excited to see each other she saw him
from really far away and they ran into
each other and they just collided sissy
Bubbe it was so so cute then when lunch
was over symphony had her arms around a
room from behind like this she was like
my bubby he's going to quest with me my
bubby so cute how they love each other I
never had a brother and always wanted
one they just have such a cute bond
Sam's little brother angels a closest
thing to actual brother that I'm ever
gonna get I guess all the brothers the
mid-major you know anyway guys do these
dishes y'all it's piling on up ha ha
what do we have here guys someone's
practicing her sitting skills hi cutie
look at you baby doing a good job she's
kind of leaned over
this is supporting her front and this is
behind her welcome back Symphony are you
ready to go run an errand with me and
yellow exam me what you keep playing
pretty pebbles is the hardest area to
clean up just FYI once I get stuck it's
like I don't really little boogers or
something okay I know right you want to
put them back no oh okay
get the rest crispy treats where are
they right over here
let's get alright symphony on this next
aisle we need some marshmallow cream do
you see it up top okay thanks good try
actually Symphony let's get these
instead of Reese's Pieces pumpkin
sprinkles you weren't supposed to see
them it's a surprise you guys want to
play
don't break the eggs alright you know
how to play so this is not a great
hopper poles or trampolines because of
this it actually hurts your feet so this
game is the reverse of practice let's go
crack the egg when you roll on the ball
trampoline people got a chart break open
y'all ready for this alright let's start
with one egg Oh cracking don't crack it
you got a job don't crack the egg
don't crack on the head here goes Wow
strong egg oh I'm sorry it's just you
see Tiffany got yoked goes out of here
so the kids and I we're having pizza for
dinner yeah how do you baby don't worry
we're not going to eat you up with it
kid
mMmmm I'm having to do everything
one-handed because this baby won't
really let me sit her down
it's really not like her but she just
sit there that's so easily and as long
as I'm holding her she's like she's
crying
what
and the bubbly potion for mine
yeah done so cool maybe my cold is
actually really good mmm just cheddar
cheddar crackers
yeah look ladies platter French hey why
I'm pushing back out of that flap I
didn't go that build it daddy'd you
think I'm allergic to peanut butter
actually I wonder if it actually will
make them I'm gonna have some me time me
time
the guys say me time I think that's just
like a girl's word girls phrase comment
of the day goes to Bella viscera she
says you can smash it referring to the
pumpkin that I have and that is what I'm
going to do I'm going to smash it
somehow I've been decided upon drop it
from the Mia still had her church
meeting I'm sure she would say the same
thing if she was here that we love you
and remember to love each other
but in this together
