you are my sister made by the same guy
now by the same heart we've got to live
and this together good morning kids
you know why why okay girl yep back in
open a meter then you're not a kid
thanks Symphony you've been so sweet to
me lately favorite what's this mommy
doing here nose reading oh I hate this
hot no my son else's nose should not be
connected at any time anyway she's like
well I see that you like this
comfortable she's like that when I'm
done good much better than the bulbs man
boys you're sure cover up you little
dippy y'all look at her little outfit
for the day oh please bring a fall
outfit isn't it some cute have a Sunday
morning guys welcome to reach Rockwall
will we reach in Rockwall go go go go
pumpkin patch numero dos of the season
putting so much before us where are they
no maybe a stop for gas I already see
the pumpkin I want yes this one right
here is this you Peter yeah exactly that
thing what's wrong - deck thank ya looks
like a smash stomach huh what funny I
see the same thing looks like somebody
had had a triple bypass which way do we
go that way no not that way dead-end in
here maybe you go that way yeah hey
there's a ball right there
ah here we go to the window
all right you both go through the same
time oh yeah you know you're not come on
buddy come on no not yeah you got it
what this reminds me of the scene from
Gilmore Girls where they go through the
corn maze getting closer a little over a
month away it's exciting
this one yeah think about getting one of
these pumpkins three cool decoration at
the end of the driveway or something
there's something crazy with it try to
put a big face in it so I think he's
going to give me two of them for 120 I'm
going to carve them with the chainsaw
will you okay
it might be a bit much I don't I might
be a bit overkill they do have some
thick skin but you can get in with
knives I think about carving one of
these with the chainsaw bo what do you
think I was thinking about juggling Joey
go for it man
he can lift them I can't but I don't
think I could let's do it need help you
got it
oh wow there's the other baby I've
always wanted to buy the biggest
pumpkins out of pumpkin patch I think I
got the biggest ones in all rockwool oh
man thank you so much that's gonna be
fun it's gonna be a lot of fun
all right guys what do you think we
should do with them I know one of them I
want to do something with the chainsaw
and the other one I'm gonna leave up to
you guys any ideas and yet is what we
should do one with tokens I think he
should do
like self-portrait I'll see who you
blowin up put a grenade inside one you
got one for me no I don't but it would
be cool by did it where you guys going
y'all go on the hayride no we're gonna
go to the other pumpkin patch did not
see that someone bump can patch hopping
this is a legit pumpkin patch Bo
so it's 35 bucks to get in this place
but you get a hot dog and some animal
feet no EMU Symphony yeah really
Juliet there's no emus here okay nothing
to worry about
oh how God well this is a kind of cute
place you got to get it just you got to
put your hand in there so you can reach
it
here's their hay maze this doesn't hold
a candle to the last one we run to but
you're on the wall of the maze supposed
to be in that part Symphony hey hey well
I'm just hey it's hey what it's hey
Julia isn't this awesome Wow oh god hey
Rach it's your first behind hey dude you
having fun on the hayride
is this your very first hair right I
think so
oh it's eating a pumpkin hahahaha yep we
made it back again please no please
please oh no yeah I would pay not to go
game
everybody ready for the show to begin I
can't hear you
I can't hear you I said I can't hear you
I can't hear you till it's ready - all
right guys here does it got my chainsaw
got my pumpkin I'll be feeling the
chancel is gonna get clogged pretty fast
I'm hoping it won't but I'm expecting it
because this is very moist obviously and
all that stringy stuff inside is
probably going to clog it but I'm gonna
give a shot
what glue there's no goo oh I haven't
opened it yet yes I'm about to open it
okay all right mommy you got a film hey
we're ready good
are you definitely ready for this
watching that star
that's why sorry guys
people it down it started three times
for now why not just use something
Hey look at you oh the baby that's a lot
of pumpkin there you go now push them
off in yeah I made I didn't cut all the
way in nevermind well well let's take
this off here Stephanie get inside whoa
oh that is crazy like those fees they're
huge those are going to be so tasty
hey Bri flu god that is gonna what why
are you gagging you don't want to see
that that is cut you going in sis sit in
it yeah come on whip right there like
butter that was awesome
if I had known it was going to cut so
good I would have drew the face first
and then I'm cut out cut out the outline
let me finish the face I got to cut the
rest of the mouth here yeah well watch
as the finished product he's actually
pretty cute I like how his smiles to the
side gives a lot of personality without
a master here's all the seats hit me and
I got other pumpkin no not yet got a
feeling buddy they're slang do we have a
candle I cap inside yeah a big handle we
don't have a big handle yeah we pro I
think actually in the bathroom ascended
one those are the pumpkin guys again let
us know what we should do with it she's
still watching over here we have one
batch and I'm working on my second bags
or second third batch we got some
popping action in the oven whoa
try pumpkin see you buddy
ah no I don't I can't even trouble these
ones are a little bit different they're
a lot bigger but you can crack them open
and eat the seeds inside gee yeah here
here's one right here that opened up
already
here you go take that seed right there
that's good huh okay all right what
bottle story do you guys suggest we read
tonight
now what saw something I see hey Daniel
Daniel Sam Oh Daniel lines down okay do
you know girl that love shopkins I
didn't know girls I love shopping me
this really hasn't rincon okay
somebody's nice and formal I don't know
y'all we just had a major parenting win
I went to go tell symphony goodnight she
was all covered up in her bed and I was
walking out of her room as she's goes Oh
mommy you forgot this and it wasn't the
iPad and when I went to tell her
goodnight it wasn't poking out at all I
couldn't see it that means she had it
under her covers and I like symphony I'm
so proud of you for doing the right
thing instead of being sneaky and
keeping it in your room she goes yeah I
thought about it but I just didn't want
to so me and say I'm rewarded her with
five extra minutes tonight before bed
they never get screams like that in
their bed before bedtime
maybe during nap time I'll let symphony
do homework or something but never ever
ever at night but anyways we're gonna
end on that note we're so excited and
just one of those times where you like
yet she's paying attention to some of
the stuff or teaching her don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
Oh
puttin this together
