we say the morning guys can say good
morning good morning feel amazing this
baby's a little puppy this morning cuz
she's a little congested and she sounds
like this whoa oh oh my nipple you like
the England ear and this together I hear
that they're sleepy but not cranky we'll
see what we come into got a cookie we're
here to get our babies you can't even
run out to us I think I might jump up
and you got our emu snack
she's our emu snack a certain new
nickname not just emu Betty Moo's snack
right house-sitting oh this guy yeah
that where's Larry
yes how long has he been sleeping buddy
yep a little Jay that there's awesome Oh
daddy buddy
oh okay Kevin Blakley dollars oh man
when he gets possessive over me he's my
favorite and we're back to mommy what
stay with Daddy
he doesn't know what no he doesn't he
doesn't know he's just so today baby he
really wants to see dad know what right
now I think
daddy I like your new outfit
I always said a dirty boy we didn't
expect to rush out of here when we got
here we wanted to stay and visit but my
sisters
where I've got my house to decorate
pumpkins with the kids and our house is
all locked up and we're pretty far from
our house Abram I got you pumpkin you're
gonna leave them Dez got you both the
pumpkin of pain you know where I'm the
pumpkin patch I got a pink sir
honey would you order where's this
Rachel magic bullet anything are you
wearing make your own baby food have you
heard of clear Nietzsche are you
freaking kidding me what there's so
steep ugh what the heck look at awesome
look they open up what you can open up
oh this is ridiculous like that's not
good those are insane Michael what I got
you something else where you can look at
them what the heck that is so freaking
awesome good the cool cubed you're doing
such crazy stuff
hi I'm in charge of pumpkin painting set
up I'm going to put a sheet on our
little picnic table over here
how are y'all kids aren't drunk
trampoline I guess get rid of that water
tea load the trip lane good
this is the biggest trampoline I could
find the biggest a round one it's 16
feet
I think the normal side was 15 so it can
make some cool videos every high you can
job how you can do it
your highest Chuck ever does not like to
jump on those feet we're done me three
Wow sitting good job I love the
traveling but I can't get on to all the
kids are on it cuz they freak out but
still not really adjusted to it yeah but
a my kid come on said they give you some
credit here I'm 30 years old I'm almost
a full grown man you are a full grown
man
you think so you guys have such an
awesome aunt Oh coming over painting
with you guys and then cool not all ants
are willing to do that okay what color
do you guys want to start with first no
you guys don't deserve it go inside
Rachel is actually going to Florida
tomorrow flying out the floor to help my
mom I'm also out there to help David and
Rachel I broke her foot and she's pretty
much in mobile right so this is her
goodbye to us oh when you go to races
for two weeks right cuz you got a job is
cool babe that's a nice color man so
shiny there's glitter in that Bank
yes metallic blue Oh metallic blue cool
leave that baby
you find a snail did you find a snail Oh
baby varies you want to cut at an angle
it's so sits in there you want to that
doesn't fall through there comes CB you
guys ready to suit inside of pumpkin
looks like Abram turn down your honor
look inside like a brother call cool
seeds you don't like I don't see how you
do ever want some cheese
he watched a yo cheese it's cheese
Mountain Man me seeds no seeds see all
the C's right there we got to clean them
just as splatter some person nigga at
you something yeah it spoken over my
Popkin PI out of it she's Weiser your
toothbrush and she goes oh it's a
crafting toothbrush oh that's cute
Symphony and I remember you tell me wow
that's beautiful in glittery this little
oh I know I'm gonna make the Metallica
blue even sparkly
Oh looks like it no never
just keep jacking up assure me hey
that's a good way to put it simply do
you guys like my pumpkin boogers dirt
and pain such a boy
how symphonies going so far oh I like
that you're painting each little crevice
a different color this one this one got
like silver glitter like into it into it
wow that's beautiful babe I'm gonna
raichi what is going on here I'm gonna
galaxy yeah yeah man she's painting the
galaxy I'm actually doing mine
differently I want to keep the letters
like lost I'm coming right back I gotta
check the seeds isn't that so true this
fall is amazing I love the weather
outside let's check on our roasting
seeds they have twelve and a half
minutes left what do you guys think I
should put on the pumpkin seeds what
flavor does everybody vote for Sean Hale
with sand exactly about brown sugar
you're really yeah oh yeah the time and
a leg
this one's for you everybody passes by
our house they're gonna say what the
heck does that mean
it's an inside thing are you gonna say
it's a family thing they're cinnamon and
brown sugar pumpkin seeds and over here
I'm marinating some balsamic vinegar on
those mmm yummy sand outside playing
women it's that big oh good need
checking Chuck
Brennan oh my gosh
do you like it so good seems missing out
just one of those things that I'm gonna
share I can tell stay big upper there
the burn Tony sorry you got this little
pumpkin light for the jack-o'-lantern I
don't know about though it's not very
bright and if like the candles just snow
none were more traditional for sure man
to the basic I just don't think
anything's gonna happen I'd see some
rings that's about it simply say goodbye
to Rachel and she's acting like you're
leaving forever
Sydney she'll be back in two weeks
that's like two days for you yeah
Tiffany I don't usually see you
corrected is gonna be unique platform
buddy Nicole what is it what's coming of
the day hey comment of the day comes
from Nancy fender I saw a couple other
of you has questions like this I hope
she's okay I know that had to hurt take
her to the doctor and check her ear out
I was thinking about that - he's a bird
should we take her to the doctor no
wasn't Santa open wound okay just barely
just cause a little braying all right
what's trovador mama girl my neighbor
come on in buddy join the club that's it
bye mom I get all the kids Oh audience
okay good big family I got the two
babies we will see you guys tomorrow for
church good
hello yeah one church tomorrow buddy can
you say good I said okay
bye we love you and remember - from your
finger okay
we're in this together
