I get really sensitive about animals
this is going to make a contact with a
this officer just made eye contact with
me it makes me tear up my brother you
are my sister made by the same guy
nobody say
we've got to give love
where I won't
in this together good morning everyone
how do you guys like my new hair it is
such a fall morning today guys the air
feels crispy and light even in the house
and I'm making banana pancakes down here
we have coffee with the cinnamon
fragrance going and it just feels so
fallish and we are doing such a family
fall thing today trying to pick out a
pumpkin I'm compassionate at the gentle
zoo we just learned about this on our
way to go to different cooking batch
 patches in there and then
there's like zoos sucked as a maze back
there and while the big jumping pillows
see that back there go have some fun
that pumpkin bad it was cool tokens
awesome this is how you pay for
everything here so this is $30 worth of
stuff
first up spiky turtles giant crazy
hey you
we were
yes yeah
it was good
for you
I'm doing the phone
I get really sensitive about this is
when they make a contract with me the
sauces just made eye contact your feet
to get her eye
man that was been bad did you pick my
daughter me head look at this guy so
dangerous I just watch the back on the
camera you can see that ostrich is going
it should try to take her ear off so
hard I'm not the show the owners that
they need to put some kind of barrier
something between giving the kids at
least a warning sign before you leave I
feel so dumb house painting so close
okay I had no idea this is called the
gentle zoo grip on a big pillar buddy oh
man the fun go top and jump this thing
is crazy
biggest thing I'm here to see some like
this before
perfect
I wash up with you
I have new nickname for Juliet it's EMU
reverse their clone or even guys okay
Wow no it's cookies about if this is
ever going to be a vers highlight of
this little trip right buddy
he's getting so
hair teddies does not look like a baby
right now despite what it looked like we
did not come here to get our kids to the
emo who came here to get a pumpkin
personality this is the daddy now
they're all so beautiful do you like
this one is this one beautiful as
leprosy it's pretty though
no leprosy photoshoot here can you help
me get ours we're gonna get this one can
you help me lift it Knox and show
Michelle this is the pumpkin Sydney
chose it's a Cinderella pumpkin Oh dirty
on the bottom that's pretty though look
how pretty up token is we're home guys
and after that fun trip I am in the mood
to decorate starting out with some fresh
flowers I can make cookies honey
actually I can't
where should these go maybe Oh yummy em
I was gonna cook either one you need the
cookie dough me a little bite of that
want a cookie dough yeah what's on it
first you guys tell me what's on it what
is that yeah its World Series issue yeah
it's a baby Jack what better way to end
a fall day
spending time with your grandparents
Abram took a little nappy yep
the kids took a nappy in the car and
they are getting to spend the night with
Bebo for the first time in a very long
time
her health is not always that great so
when it is she likes to take advantage
of it and she's doing that today and
she's having both kids spend the night
not just Symphony a little worried about
her my mom is fragile she's a hard
strong worker but she's fragile and she
doesn't operate like she's fragile she
likes to overdo it in other words hey
daddy is it anything they're moving in
dad give me a kiss oh mama you're shy
both of them yeah hey bubs you got a
pink one well the money is left to dog
yet New York oh no man those are cool
you like it we think buddy
hello emule snacks are you in a little
in your snare oh they can't have you
that aim you can't have you for a snack
huh but I can eat you like what say you
need a baby go jump on the trampoline
really yeah we can do that you wanting
job yes yes sir yeah me and I are gonna
take advantage of this time without the
kids to go see a movie
how about it babe let's do this yeah
we're starting to feel a little bit
young again maybe too young
cheerful we're getting to the point
we're getting kind of risky you know I
think we should take a step back babe
and just be careful tonight okay I think
we're going a little overboard just
rushing out to go see a movie
Oh actually we changed our minds you
don't want
I think we're just gonna be lazy and
enjoy the new TV we can't find any good
movies that are new that are out so
we're going to watch without a paddle
you know special about that movie for us
of the very first date mom our very
first date right yep the very first date
we went and saw and Mesquite right yeah
I think so I MC and we'll be dating
phone call hello I remember every date
nice day we're actually official yeah I
think so are we going out yeah okay okay
I remember about our first date on the
way home we kissed while you were
driving and it felt so dangerous
oh I remember in the movie theater I got
upset at one point and I think I like
overhand or whatever you did I did I
remember it oh I was nervous
I was crazy I was crazy jealous in high
school and there was some boys sitting
on the other side of her there being
kind of loud I feel like she I feel like
they had her attention totally did not I
don't even know there were boys sitting
next to me I was focus on this guy oh
come on you kept looking at him what
Alyssa Luedtke it was so endearing when
Symphony said I'm so proud of you to Sam
for putting up a safety net around the
trampoline that little sweetheart is
wise beyond her years does she say I'm
so proud of you yeah cute huh
she's a cutie I didn't catch that she is
wise beyond her years I agree with that
she says something really sweet today
when you went to go drop him off at his
house she said you're not coming with us
I'm not gonna go as a family it was so
sweet I really wanted to go after that
but we had a guy here to checks up my
purse but anyway we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
we're in this together
