I need you guys's help you are my sister
made by the same guy nobody say
not to live
to give love
in this together one remaining what are
they gonna do about rodeo day gonna take
it inside I'm gonna wait for the ring to
be over cuz it's night it's not even
time for school yet
what's raining hard out there though
it's goin really muddy it is so dark
when white is gonna get all away I know
I'm trying to figure out if it's
canceled we're going tonight
there's our Carroll girl not a package
is served in the morning Oreo bye
it's off to rodeo day for this mama I'm
excited it was rainy this morning so
rainy but now it's bright and sunny and
rodeo day is connection
laughter you let's go find Romeo today
let's go find Symphony and go find her
so I'm gonna try to get some shots of
Symphony they're done some really cute
stuff here
we'll see if I can get her alone and get
some shots so they bring a video bases
sound right there oh they're happy to
see each other let me see your outfit Oh
turn out cute sister ah that's a good
balance if a foot good job says appeared
to Abram Sandy's in the cart with
Juliette we just had lunch with all the
first grade parents so you have a school
buddy hey guess what that's yeah well
let me see your junk oh good one bud
yeah hey did you take a nap today
yeah you did what letter did you learn
about today huh
somebody's in the car who do you think
it is no it's sandy what you guys doing
out here
can you come play in the back I got
something back that I want to show you
guys bare window no I will show you
something in the backyard this way
don't keep looking I need you guys's
help with something following the lead
lead lead wherever he may go I need help
can you help me you know what we're
doing here
you don't you can't tell what we're
doing we're building a trampoline how
did you go yeah this is a big I need you
guys help to build it
hey homie
and
keep walking stretch it out there you go
we got Phelps freeze on you could jump
on it but then I gotta put the net I got
a safety messy guys bounce off your
phone
burning boy
you got my
Oh
now ready go good job not a big strong
girl Salon de Rayder in the house you
really could say that soon ya gonna be a
mrs. Reiter hi
your hair is coming down getting cut
thank goodness my goodness it was so
long we could I don't well here I'm
sissies next it's mommy's time but she's
doing you now she's frustrated it's so
cute
this is new for her she grabbing her
toys and eating s'mores and now it's
symfony turn or working her way towards
Rapunzel we're getting there it's
getting long yeah oh it is getting so
long over your hair is right here tickle
make me gag to fly let me see your hair
buddy all right here looks good al Bobby
look handsome
guys are just playing some Mario got
here have we shown you guys this yet
doesn't it look great we decided to go
with a little corner piece to save space
I personally love the way that it looks
and he has such beautiful curls it looks
so healthy and nice sister Oh selfie and
really thank you what's going on here
honey diet to follow urgent so you doing
like red hair red brunch I'll be cool
well too bad that's not what I'm doing
there same thing yeah I'm getting dark
on the top kind of like how my hair was
when you guys met me my hair will be
dark with blonde picker boobs and this
baby can't sleep she's so Restless in
there she got quiet for a while but she
just squirming around like crazy hi baby
do you guys know this is this is a hook
for the springs on the trampoline
I discovered it after I was done
assembling and after I have a 5 or 6
posters on my hand
he asked will let him do it cuz he's my
brother I love them you guys like our
little setup back here so there's not a
little fire but it feels like it we
gotta leave that off guys we have AC
going and the heater are over here Oh
Pepsi heater there's a heater you got to
turn the heat off but here you go man
it's gonna be a hard choice Matt because
there's a lot going on in the comments
section today what do you think about
the comments section so far I think it's
been an interesting debate between
voting for Trump and Hillary trying to
find what something oh I really like
this one right here I noticed the coffee
table Sam made by a giant pain wait I'm
sorry janae
bhaijan a pain I noticed a coffee table
Sam made so you met a coffee table
sit outside well nice don't ya that's a
good comment there's one that sticks out
from Almo yeah it's all tax not
political at all and she pays attention
all right Matt you gotta do the outro -
alright guys thank you and don't forget
to love each other
oh and we love you too what horrible I
don't look at anybody every member and
Robles guys don't freak 8 we love you
and to love each other remember to love
each other and remember - it's a lot
more complicated than Excel may be
anybody tries to say they get it wrong I
know even like really true fans that we
met like stumble on it really yeah
that's so pretty to get it like you got
the have your theme yeah that gives you
to replicate
we're in this together
