guys we officially have a potty-trained
three-year-old he slept in his undies
and he woke up dry all right it's like a
really long time yeah you do have a
prize you go get it yeah I'm so proud of
him in this together
Sam got him ready for bed last night not
me so when I was getting him dressed
this morning and I pulled down his
jammie pants to see dry underwear I was
so excited and proud are you ready for
your prize hey if you know paint it's a
different kind of kit design your
airplane yeah it's a jet plane designer
the ultimate jet plane designer now we
did have another three years of this
diaper in business another three years
but that's okay it's okay you're so
needle okay my coffee there okay we'll
stop there come here buddy trace the a
yeah
kind of okay we're changing up our game
you didn't like that one but we still
want to learn so Abram when I tell you a
letter you have to hop to it ready a P
oh there you go and see play all a nice
tune
yeah this is the final product of Abram
ship the other sail didn't want to stay
up so I just take it off
you did a good job on that buddy give me
five
so we have a ship here and we're gonna
make a jet now I hear you're blue no no
Abram tell daddy why you got this
surprise today tell him that is so cool
hey so far he's gonna a on there ya know
it just he got a little glue on the top
look do your star we're making Captain
America theme I'm trying to make a
shield he's awesome
Abram tell daddy why you got this
surprise where did you two jet I woke up
I woke up dry yeah that's awesome dude
and he drink a lot of juice before bed I
didn't even know you put him in
underwear I was so shocked I was just
like so excited yeah you want to say yes
all right no more pull-ups were you dude
it's underwear all the way you really
don't need potion dad you know I know
buddy you didn't put your glue on you
got to put more glue right there played
a time to me it's so sweet with Ezra
he just gets all smiley and she just
wants to turn over and play he turned
five months old yesterday and she'll be
five months old in a week and a half but
I say she'll do it oh he's a little bit
taller Symphony was always taller than
Cup hey yeah let's play silly faces
Abram personally faces include a lot of
moving rain hey guys
tomorrow's rodeo day and symphonies
practicing her best cowgirl boys - basic
long time no see
haven't seen you all day I got to meet
up with Keith this morning for symphony
okay turn this thing off for you
tomorrow
hi sarnax symphony in two caliber yeah
we're gonna transport this girl record
computers just a Halloween costume we'll
get her some real cowgirl Kintyre try
Mon let's see what they look like I'm
here to say yeehaw my boo
Tiffany cowgirl isn't a cowgirl without
this Tara's clean potable new it's a
colorful food did you guys know that it
was proved that this is actually an
ice-cream emoji not a poop emoji if you
compare this to the ice cream cone emoji
the ice cream is the exact same shape
but it's been all ice cream it looks
exactly the same
hey you is this little bit strange
and everything on it you can't get it if
you don't have money you need money to
buy that thang yeah where's your money
in your pocket oh it's in my pocket
where show me hey in that pocket your
money is in my pocket ha
we'll get this little baby hi baby
you're such a sweet girl like L sweet
she is why are your eyes so watery h-1
home waiting for Sidney Turner first
cowgirl outfit you guys almost ready in
there
beautiful that's pretty cute we'll try
the other option
yeah two different shirt ready here we
go
you're so buddy that's cute I look at
you being what you tuck in your shirt
though let's tuck it in with a nice
cowgirl belt oh dude oh look a lot
better
one last shirt here we go let's see it
all right that is cute I love that color
how do you like it - says go give us a
little walk over there and back let's
see the cowgirl walk though put a draw
on your step
come back would you like a pound go look
around all right come back there you go
so much cowgirl hat maybe Chris I will
look it's adorable put it on stretch it
over your chin all right you know bigger
Abram put the tissue away man all right
this one's a little bit bigger sure
though no that's for oh this is for
doggies mom bad oh there's a cowgirl hat
right there okay it's not a cowgirl of
course it is put it on yeah that's
perfect
drew yeah ha ha ha good job
look on the Walmart guy all right look
in the Walmart everybody where the
prices are as low as as
there we go there's a child hat you undo
a pink what color your shirt is red
though oh this comes with a bandana -
and a little star a sheriff's star you
guys want to play a game yeah yeah
it's a stinky game is called stinkers
what's that smell
so we have these cars here guys they
have different smells on them they're
scratch and sniff cars
this is monkey fart you kooky coconut
okay is lousy lemon does kooky coconut
again there's a grimy garlic bad apple
put the blindfold on put it on okay open
your system or first um the lemon one
try again what does it smell like yeah
you may you may have not seen this card
it just smells like the women one lemon
really miss not here's what it is guys
all right you can look gasoline it's not
kind of good actually I did hey everyone
blindfold yourself buddy okay close your
eyes now close your eyes smell it
what is this what is it when you do like
you front
lucky for lousy lemon it's my sonamoo's
no that one yeah that supposed to be a
bad apples nice good this is what
Sydney's gonna smell scratch it for you
you Betty look at this one daddy
you the garlic ooh Eugene ahead hey Jeff
really smell like COD I love you oh that
was the worst Miller I'm so pretty good
now
Hey raunchy rat rotten egg okay do igloo
puppy breath so we just finished the
debate and let me just say I feel like
Hillary won the first debate I feel like
the second debate there was a tie and I
feel like this third debate Trump killed
it yeah he totally owned it I feel like
I still don't know exactly who I'm gonna
vote for if it's going to be one of them
- it's definitely going to be Trump
because Trump is pro-life I'm pro-life
100% in fact tomorrow I want to be
recording some women testimo
testimonials from women at a Pregnancy
Center who decide who opted out of an
abortion and I'm going to be
interviewing them and creating a
testimonial video comment of the day
goes to irie-kun Sam after having a
railing for over six years we've learned
it's best not to have one at all I
actually thought about that is it going
to get in the way of like the kids being
free on the porch us coming up and down
us moving stuff and now the house better
not Lee I'm really second-guessing
putting up that ruling because of you so
thank you for that appreciate it we'll
see you guys tomorrow don't forget as
always we love you and remember to love
each other each other
we're in this together
