oh poor baby oh my gosh Samsung got his
head stuck in the chair or took care of
all this in this together
do you have any idea what time it is
it isn't one of him simply just called
us out of bed so she's throwing up what
happens we okay we're in the trash daddy
good job sweetie
is it kind of in here yeah okay oh this
is like in your head she has a headache
I have one right now
I've suffered with headaches pretty much
all my life no cleaner get such bad
headaches he just stole enough just like
this which is a headache
the chewable morons
hey guy what just go set the table buddy
you got school today good morning can
you say good morning daddy he's thirsty
you don't know what can you do video
with you it's gonna cut open that
monster and what do you think can be
inside lunch
you think there's gonna be water are you
still sick anymore yeah that motrin
helped her I guess you want to take
another motrin yeah you sure
okay bye buddy I'll be right back
Sydney's got to finish your oatmeal on
the car cuz we're running night cuz
somebody woke everybody up at one
o'clock in the morning mommy didn't know
you did
are you ready to go to school now just
do it go give these shoes who's ready to
learn you are you excited to learn are
you learn more letters
yay yay well there you go in today you
don't know yet he has another little
hole
somebody just woke up from her nap she
has got this new face with her tongue
it's so cute there here it comes it's
like a turtle coming out of his little
show show us your little tongue a little
bit
Abram is back in my possession and we
were going to go get a treat at
Starbucks yes for a cake pop because a
little girl as we're walking downstairs
said Abram and he's like what yours I'm
gonna get a treat and you're not it's
hilarious I mean look at me and say I
get a cake pop
anything higher up I get a pink cake pop
for my son thank you
Abram and I are in the mood to do
something manly right buddy
younger do something manly together yeah
so we go shop for Kirk frogs
I told Nia what's the point any curtains
up so what are we trying to hide you
know we already share our lives with
hundreds of thousands of people every
day why are we turning hide what we do
in our living room for my neighbors
you're hunting me she said we stood in
that privacy so I'm just gonna respect
that and get it some curtains put up in
there I'm just going to do this little
knobby looking one okay so I lied we're
here for more than just a curtain rod
I'm actually going to make a rolling
system around our front porch and
luckily they already have them like kind
of pre-cut into different styles I'm
just winging this guys just like a door
my project I just wing them I'm glad I
looked at this works right there here we
go that's better
what's mainly getting me to do this is
Beebo she has been home occasionally
building her a railing when going up our
steps and so I thought I'm gonna go the
rolling I'm gonna have to build a whole
reeling around the whole porch
good job man look at this ant pile what
does that look like to you guys I can't
believe the answer building that's right
in front my house in front of the kids
well you this thing what world you think
you're funny don't you wait L poured
poison down your whole Symphony's home
from school we're doing snack time and
spelling words yesterday she wrote this
hello today she's not home that's not a
T hey but you kind of can't tell let me
help you with that this is supposed to
be an F there we go for well I started
work on the rails and I ran into a
couple issues so I guess I'm up the
whole dog hill tomorrow because we're
going to GC now curiousity I need your
opinion on something I want to order
some shutters for the house for this
window and this window it originally I
shutters and I want them to compliment
the roof I'm leaning towards one of
these three of course especially this
one you guys think shudder there ten is
a shudder right there does that go with
the roof sipping likes this one this one
here and I eat it hard there and there
there this one's pretty cool too it's
like a purplish echo that really goes it
through look at that kind of that really
pops it but it doesn't match the door
that's the only thing guys we're gonna
do this one I just know it you do and I
got white I don't think I like white
because it just blends in with all the
trim and frankly I want to add a third
color to the house this is actually
probably the winner you guys think this
one on that purple one guys it feels
like a summer day today I've changed my
clothes three times it's just so hot I
started out in full with a tire with
like a sweater
then I change it to a tank top and last
night
my full pants on so here's my total
summer bus
I mean oh we're a GC tonight hoping a
member of our team see me I'm gonna be
with the women kids oh oh it is so oh my
gosh he did this the other day right
don't want to guys I'm hit freaking out
no oh poor baby
oh my gosh Samsung got his head stuck in
the chair or take care of this Mike you
got to cut your chair okay they got in
there some how about we go down the
model yes he can't get his head up here
so he had to get in it oh yeah there you
go maybe no that's more don't you put
take him out like this put the back of
his head out first no to me what is the
back out first like that
gomey yeah so I think the plan for
tonight while the guys are moving we
have a member of GC she's moving and
they're moving for her moving yourself
out and we are gonna play in a swirl to
live it they came for lupus so I don't
have been again work things why not say
when we need more people to be devoted
to the work of putting this thing on and
yeah I always have an allergic reaction
to their cats at this house it's not
horrible but this time it feels a little
weird hey no we have a whole disaster
happen not a disaster but and I'm Holly
and situation so the guys are moving the
stuff into a town about 20 minutes from
here 9 o'clock already and they're
moving it into a third and I'm here with
all the kids and I walk after bad time
with no parties no house key kind of
stuck with a bunch of really really
tired and crazy kids hey guys GC is
ending it and me my friends now play
play play ha and theirs
right guys now we're having movie time I
made bad guys sorry you guys head oh
wait I mean you just spend a story - yes
slightly again this is not fair for you
guys I'm so sorry hey no no no no yes
this is not fair it is nothing cuz we're
serving a family
oh no I'm saying out there sit down cuz
it's so late hey anyway don't forget we
love you and remember to get me a broom
later yeah we love you and remember to
help someone new oh that's so good sissy
we're in this together
