if you can't see look up guys what's
that my friend be are you gonna go get
it high up there bed my brother you are
my sister made by the same guy loved by
the same
we've got to live
in this together good morning guys how's
it going yeah you're gonna have you a
little surprise
I'm trying to get back into the swing of
doing things with him at home like I did
a symphony
he just learns differently and being
symphony learned similarly so it's
always been really easy for me to do
hands on some week since she was five
years old I've been during like home
school thing today huh you saw it
already you can't paint it yet first you
have to build it we're gonna build that
a little and then you can pinky
sure let's open it up what take my
waters yeah we are gonna make a wish
ship you're right if you get the glue
open while I apply what hey I didn't
holy this is all for you this see that
I successfully kept Juliet awake until
it's time for me to leave for recess
which is not recess I do want to know
which is right now this is can take a
good being long now mMmmm I hope I think
she'll take a good big long naps usually
sleepster alignment I can keep their
eyes yeah that's the best thing so I can
work oh you mama can work much come on a
fan to the base to the double odd to the
sea today all right buddy Abram and I
are gonna go invest again we have to go
find out how Oreo is getting out of the
yard
yeah let's do it dude last night I
trying to get Oreo in the house and she
wasn't out here and this morning she was
in the front yard so she's getting out
on the back yard somehow and we're gonna
go figure this out do you think or you
could fit under there oh we know you
like oh well that's how she's getting
now the fence is open who opened it tell
me not you I'm reading these flowers are
just so heavy they don't even stay up so
pretty though I just cut all this down
too all this right here goes so fast I
can't even keep up with it you play on
your tree house buddy dad's gonna take
down the pole yeah it's I cut it open
but now I got to take it out to the
trash so it's all dry over here finally
now I got a bigger mess to clean because
it rained but yeah get this thing out
here
you got it
all right take it to the trash thank you
got the pool this man told with the
Abrams how of course what do you guys
think we wouldn't put there to replace
it and be you guys can easily guess
symphonies home well he just now put yes
he did my shouldn't it was it them I
said Abram don't be too loud when you're
in you then he said I not then I said
even you want me to do my homework and
he said no he said that Abram Rainer hey
what were do you have left them what do
you got to do with bumped I have to
write it back and I do the rest of the
way because he's doing that Abram can
you let her concentrate buddy stop doing
that sick knees trying to concentrate
you had a parent-teacher meeting today
and the teacher said Symphony has a
little trouble concentrating nothing at
a time right name right she said to be
it's probably part of it Avram
interrupting her while she's doing her
homework all the time no we're not gonna
blame me
it runs in family we just gotta got to
work on it you guys ever get the mood
just to make some trouble I do tell you
what hey bro can you come outside real
quick buddy
does Gare you thank you for not blowing
it sis are you doing up there if you
can't see look up guy it's high after
bed I bet you can do it though
be careful you don't have to come over
here go there you go you got it can't
let go right there
go cross stand up you can turn that bad
stand up you got one foot here one foot
there like that yeah now put that foot
over here there you go come on now step
over
look you're doing it look at you
awesome good job just shake it shake the
tree hold on tight shake it real hard
shake it dinner is on the way we have
meatloaf and cornbread
Sam expressed an interest / craving that
while he was in New York so I decided to
make it this week you've been a while
since he's requested or you know shared
with me these cravings and things I
thought I'll just make it and yeah buddy
I check this out a tree come on oh there
it is huh symphonie did you know that I
had a meeting with your teacher today do
you know what she told me what she told
me
now you ranked number 6 in reading
that's so good you mean ranked well I
don't really know how to explain it but
that's a really low number on the scale
between one and 22 Symphony is a six in
her reading and math and that's really
good and the teacher was impressed I'm
super proud of you baby your teacher
also told me that you share funny
stories with the class
you she also told me funny story
his mother felt a funny starting about
baby meal oh yeah
that's her baby but she said they you
tell funny stories and that sometimes
she told me that one time you and Cohen
just looked at each other and busted out
laughing he couldn't control it you're
having like a giggle moment huh oh my
goodness how do you feel like first
grades going so far oh I'm not sure not
sure great I feel big I feel nervous
sometimes why do you feel nervous
sometimes isn't you at spelling test
them and I'm gonna get word mom what
makes you feel scared no learn well what
makes you feel nervous bro I don't for
my watch others fell Magisto you just
really want the answers to be right oh
my child that is so me finally got those
of you asking you about my forum the
other day this is what it is see that
area sticks out from my little glove and
I just go in for stuff and I burn my arm
on the edge of that because he's the
biggest person in her
I'm picking out a table it's
unincorporated unappropriated daddy
hahaha mr. alternative play outside a
lot today
kids aren't bad jobs willing to come
into the day it comes from beyond
Mitchell or be Mitchell it's coming
really stuck out to me it made me feel
happy love this family so much love how
faithful and loving you are we have made
it and every night thing to have all of
them to sit down and watch cemani and
their beautiful children you always put
a smile on our face so hi Mitchell
family thanks for watching guys you're
awesome
I just can't imagine like us being in
your living room it's just it's crazy me
to think that this family sitting around
watching our family just something so
cool like just kind of crazy about that
but thanks for watching I really
appreciate it we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to know each other net belly's
got a lot of gas in there
we're in this together
