hi in this together
happy Sunday morning fan basic welcome
to the Raider house every man I are
matching today as you can see yeah but
I'm doing this short he's sporting the
parents Juliet and he's gonna strike me
okay mommy's looking as beautiful as
ever
thank you I love fall it's so fun
where is Symphony ah there she is
are you organizing your bookshelf look
at you girl
where'd you get those organization
skills from coz it was tough for mommy
and daddy not for me I just like to
organize that's awesome cute I'm sober
that's my favorite thing music really
Wow alright guys just as promised we're
going to tell you what the new contest
is it's not really contest we want to
make it easy for everybody so all you
have to do is be subscribed to Sammy Nia
to be entered into the drawing for
t-shirt and we're doing three t-shirts
again there's a limited amount we only
have I think 20 total or something like
that so if you're not subscribed
subscribe and you will be entered into
the drawing now it's off to church maybe
we can make it in time today what do you
think teacher class I'm teaching
sickness class today buddy I mean that
you're doing civics class today we
picked a wrong day to be late I didn't
realize it me is rushing in there with
other kids me that baby
she's so patient
the Lord sent manna from heaven good job
we'll do that again remove it we don't
know what it's like wow FRA fall from
heaven do we have you ever had to happen
yeah you know it's like to have water
fall remember what up for ian's it kind
of what do you guys think I'm gonna do
with this popcorn oh yeah
don't do anything to tie off all right
this is above and this is heaven
all the people underneath are hungry
okay now throw it in there well they
pick up the man I'm gonna go see what
Abrams up to
how's class going here man
so far so good we got manna oh you guys
go a Manitou yeah our mana was popcorn
doesn't she was I knock see Oh another
time yeah
he's cleaning up and I'm out here with
the kids I play a little station for
sure thinking about ten minutes between
class and their parents come picking
them up I really love this there is a
station I think we should do this exact
same thing at our house a magnet's and
movement station bean bag
so they got Lincoln Logs over here and
Jun it on herself will chain you butter
will Ching follow the footprints on the
ground they're bricks where to the
footprints lead to Bass Pro Shops that's
where that's where we're going to eat
lunch they go this way they go this way
over here right here it's bear prints in
the tummy rub
just like money flipper
thank you for not tuning oh wait
sound like you just said well I owe some
big pieces of fish mommy I did they got
me too Oh fish restaurant yes I got
barbecue mm-hm
Juliet is having milk she's having
cookie better in toaster oh my get this
guy's Juliet's having a hard time
daddy's always gonna get in the to tell
her she's so cold Oh their feet she's
like been enough well we're headed home
already we didn't get anything chosen we
came here begin with gift card about
show shops but we did get this little
hooker duck a little fishing game for
the kids comes with like a little
swimming pool I guess for the kitchen or
something off to the house maybe we
could fit in a Sunday nap this weather
is just like begging for now hey why
now I know my a check out this cold
Posse I found Juliet while she's
cheating I felt like in the shape of her
little gums he she loves it she can bite
on the little silicone as she sucks I'm
glad they make little things like other
teeth even though she keeps dropping it
they definitely did not have capacities
like this one Symphony was a baby you
need help with a word well that's a
tricky word sound it out HSN very most
enough you know it's just a typical
Sunday afternoon for me although I
didn't have to skip my nap I had a
little bit of rest time doing laundry
now Symphony's laundry to be exact you
guys don't wondering for five people
like never-ending seriously
I love the way the kids have been
playing this afternoon
they've been playing games around the
house they played the go fishing game
this game the game you guys earlier they
were playing like library or something
like that I am now getting dinner ready
we're having like leftover night me and
Symphony are gonna have the soup I made
two nights ago it doesn't like that idea
don't worry yours won't taste like
leftovers usual tastes fresh
check it out guys leftovers at its
finest
look simply Juliet is looking up to you
right now she's trying to figure out if
you should cry or not and when she looks
at you and your time but she's gonna
start crying in her big sister she looks
up to you she's upset because we want
her to practice riding her bike she
never rides her bike anywhere she rides
Leakey every time we come outside to
play I mean what a nerd learn how to
ride a bike eventually because we all
want our advice together you don't ride
your other one try to balance on it like
Abram does you got to go fast though you
have to get some speed a balance you
know did you get a smile Oh baby I'm
sorry
No hey I'm so Charlie I'm so sorry
I don't you look away here's a cool
trick try that pliers hey that better
now try we got to put some wd-40 on it's
been sitting for so long
there you go Symphony good job at now
you can ride Leakey because you
practiced constantly she did really good
oh yeah
like someone that would on a rail car
sweet like a cowgirl oh nice that was
really cool there's a car coming though
she wants to turn to go play she's just
been so fussy I just thought she wanted
me to hold her but hey she would enjoy a
stroll her Nikki little chunkiness okay
come on we're like we're like that odd
family it's like oh they are families
out for a walk again I'm walking with a
stroller Sam is way down there on a
razor
one of them has no pedals and then one
of them is back here on a pony cycle
here comes a weird family I feel like
this is like our thing like we come out
and we just hang out and go for little
walks and little strolls and when I was
a kid our thing was to hang out of my
dad's little workshop area and he would
barbecue or we would you know just have
dinner and then have our dessert outside
in that little area and I would play and
my parents would hang out and talk what
was your thing as a kid like what was
the thing that like you and your family
regularly did like this Power Wheels
really my mom got us all Power Wheels we
should just come out in the street and
ride her power is all oh really I want
to do that for these guys laughing all
day every day yeah I'm gonna come in
today guys but today I'm gonna do it
random at random here sit with you stop
it where you want to come to be yeah
there yes all right
how old are y'all Raiders from Katherine
Jie
how old was everybody simply told okay
um I'm six Abraham's three Juliet is
four months
and you're not well daddy's blue if you
get 23 I'm actually fine I'm 31
cuff that you were both in your 20 hey
how old is Nia mm 24 not too far away
and 28 28 I thought is 24 guys I know
some of you expressed interest in seeing
the video I made for my church so I'm
put a link to that in the description
they posted it to their to the reach
YouTube channel don't forget to
subscribe to be a part of the salmon a
t-shirt drawing there'll be a link to
that below and there'll be an annotation
and all that stuff to subscribe you guys
not to subscribe so you guys come on
don't forget we love you remember to
love each other
now don't forget we love you and
remember big ego bye
you
we're in this together
