oh he's up there just killing the tree
I'll buy you something special bro close
your eyes with the cutest baby girl
she's a total rubbish freaking rude
don't know what's up guys welcome to
what your town it is time with my
brother Michael something like it is
time we're gonna do something really
dangerous today again I'm super excited
about it I said today was a hundred
percent chance of rain and just looked
at it went down to 50% so we'll be
running it started this is what we're
gonna be doing gonna be scaling maybe a
couple trees night maybe I'll do one
easy one so as you can see this tree
right here is dead and it's leaning
towards the house on and make sure I can
get that tree down that it falling on it
the plan is the tie rope to this tree up
there I gotta climb up there and stretch
it up here through this tree right here
and hopefully this tree you'll be able
to pull the rope with this tree towards
this direction it was over there playing
in the water
yep there's the rain come on come on
dirty boy oh my gosh she's so dirty
you made it you guys she seriously woke
up saying mama watch don't honey I'm
watching oh is that what you're gonna do
okay say hi or you
hello not for you huh here you go attack
let's go to school everyone well it
appears I spoke way too soon
well right on the edges that were about
to get a little break in a minute and
then we'll get up and get to work what
we got in here
our Spurs these are my Spurs
these are so so cool man can you imagine
what we would do with the pair of these
when we were a kid you got skinny spikes
here so that's what's gonna grab the
tree in this one now I just can't wait
to see Sam climb a tree because I want
to go next okay now let her go Mitch
hey man you're gonna go you're gonna
wear those oh sweet
wow this is tricky so you gotta whoop it
up like that
okay where'd you go where is he oh I got
my little one off to school or my big
one as I should say and we're here for a
part day hey sandy
hey girl do you want to get down and go
play okay I do I do we I did bring her
real clothes but it's a little chilly
out here and I brought her a dress I'll
change in a minute sissy
I'm sure your diaper needs some lovin so
this is not the park where the moms can
sit down and just chat and watch the
kids play this is like a kid we have a
million places to fall oh whoa I could
have not been good I did it guys tonight
I'm gonna touch this trip to the longer
rope loop around that tree pull from
there
oh nice okay I can work with that
and miss the house at least I made my
hands right too small keep pumping it
it's gonna fall over there it was the
Rope this is my first cut like this I
should have practiced on different tree
what I did wrong this hinge right here
just put opposed to be the same
thickness all the way down as you can
see on this end I'm at it way too thin
cut treat holding on through it right
there
all right so let's offer there
a shorter well now with hips but I told
you a slider at all we could actually
keep pulling it and let it fall right
there all right Michael's time the rope
now you pull it this way and hopefully
it'll land right here right in our face
where we're pulling it down it might
there's a good chance that this tree
will land on propane tank and you'll see
a massive explosion out there man
yeah she's so dangerous guys Oh
nice job man you got it down here comes
Ranger beautiful cut there if you ask me
oh look at you driving around with your
almond milk Lauren you're so put
together
come see Sheridan can you come give her
love as read they're all the same age
they have the same birthday when Juliet
she's a straggler she's made it a little
longer
who wants to see me and my friend monkey
barely we've been out of practice she's
ready for the day now
all right guys we're calling it a trip
we decided to stay only two days this
time because Michaels anniversary is
tomorrow
he misses coral I miss my family of
course too and then tonight Michael and
I were actually gonna go pick up a
special guest so that's part of why this
was a very very brief trip another
special guest coming on over can you
guys guess who it is coming down below
maybe what did I say oh you dropped it
she's a total oh my freaking wrist
really drop it out there yes grab your
wrist okay yeah I'm really good right
there my wrist it's awesome once already
snapped over speaking slice over
well my tolls are everywhere from all
that off-road and got some snacks for
the road
I bought Michael something special close
your eyes it's cowboy hat cowboy Cool
Ranch chips
I found these things Doritos crunch nuts
I thought we could give a try together
you wanna give them a shot it better be
something with your trauma or just a
small pack if we don't like you enough
to buy anything but we like I could get
more later yeah yeah it's new thing so I
thought nacho cheese shell with roasted
peanuts inside yep bones would give a
shot this is a joke right
no yeah I'm really gonna wear that I got
us these tender bites I don't know I
thought we could give that a shot to one
of these
you're intrigued and got me one to south
honestly
hey guys I'm back home now I have done
my work out taking a shower I've cleaned
up the house the oil brushes it has only
4 p.m. and we have gathers it's coral
sliding into the daylight yeah yeah
Juliet got her big bow on sing it I like
big bows and I cannot lie
another babies can did Natalie where's
the cutest baby girls non-id Juliet are
you guys being mischievous
oh no nighttime oh you guys are so cute
oh oh you guys so beautiful are you guys
mini Mike and Sam but are you gonna
behave better than that when you go to
school yes we're gonna go get symphony
from school Oh symphony are you so happy
with your welcome back from school you
want to go do some fun stuff should we'd
go hang out put your head on let me see
wow you look so cool
Wow that's right treads on you better
than to come in here I'm not even I
should just be over there following
Andre around instead I'm doing my own
thing and look what I found for the
girls lemon I just got myself a lemon
t-shirt like a couple weeks ago for that
wall you and I rent
let me get user to give uncle Marco hurt
by Michael gave his hat to Abram we just
drove Michael off at his hotel room
everyone take a little bath there we had
a little downtime before we have to go
get Jessica so we're heading out now
come on come on sup Jessica
hey don't kiddo alright guys well we're
gonna have some good times here you know
things are always quite exciting when
Jessica's here and all that stuff is
gonna start tomorrow so thanks for
hanging out with us today Jessica don't
forget we love okay
they got away come again another day
corn real that's a person
