yeah brother see it
morning guys I'm getting my braces
checked out finally it's been a long
time six months I think I'm wearing
glasses what are these are these to help
with the light protection okay moving on
to the mom business take care of it look
at this guy Sam has rollerskating
through the mall he busts it at once
while ago already Wow
you got that down fast stay on the peaks
it's like walking on high hills are you
so confident what high heels feel like
walking in how much practice have you
had bring the show telling me why are
you so who's up there mind the fam basic
a part of the Healy's Club I am now I'm
gonna turn to learn how to do this Sarah
shopping trip may be so fun so we got
tamales return my laptop and use phone
nobody
like how cool this is guys we're at
breadwinners in the North Park Mall
we've been to this restaurant before but
not this location the kids menus our
books so the front cover of this book is
the kids menu paste it inside and then
the rest is the story so I'm gonna read
it's a mer grant the aunt sympathy would
love this she's learning all about ants
in school head thorax abdomen abdomen
she taught me the song yeah
yummy
mommy got the chicken and waffle in
action I think I might be trading you
I'm kidding I like chicken waffles too
many flavors on my way to me
hey she can't use the fork she doesn't
know how we don't even have space for
these things then what Sam has a
neighbor Museum have a deal we can like
match what we spend here we made am it
meant to spending a certain amount of
money each not going overboard which one
should I get it well which one you like
better so noise he's cute
which one the one on your right is cute
we've got water fishes good
I've been to three different game stops
looking for this guy I'm not even joking
and I came to find those two different
ones but the guy just showed me cuz
they're actually the same guy just push
on his head and his facial expression
changes his face changes when you push
his head it's the same guy look guys
it's my favorite game of the toy rocket
do you ever watch my car is gonna kick
the ball yeah
since how you actually put the game you
just try to hit the ball at the car how
I missed it
guys I'm certain learn how to use my
healing
got it Wow honey you're really mastering
those shoes
but let's see it that's where my money's
gonna go and buy your new outfit
that's a cool hat man we got to keep
that clean okay let's go surprise mommy
she's over there in the Apple Store
so what are you getting same one
we've been here for like five hours and
I'm finally walking away with my phone
only it's a newer version of the phone
finally gosh I was very tired we're home
now guys it's night time Abram just got
his ghee today I didn't bring a camera
but I did filming on my phone it's
really cute just a special moment feel
this you know that's called a what now
me what's your little teacher called
Sergey
sensei he knows the words of so well
better than I do you don't fighting the
bad guys oh gosh hurt viewers shirt it's
fan basic shirt huh that's our 1 million
subscribers special edition shirt ok
what are we waiting for
ok mystery jammies can't wait so we're
gonna do a little fashion shampoo
jammies yeah alright go ahead
that makes things a little bit easier
for me you know you got to get getting
PJs on with the kids a little bit funner
than just it's time for bed let's get
the PJs on we're turning it into a
fashion show
so he's excited to get his PJs and pick
them he's making it a mystery for
everybody come on to something here
should write a book of childbearing and
child-rearing all right Halloween PJs do
they match mommy's roses look they match
her roses all right you want some pizza
left other people for dinner
mommy want to go pick up Stephanie that
she went to go work out hope she's okay
her phone's on all the Domino pizza
delicious Larry make pizza bites out of
those yeah sure Danny try not to say
your fingers try Tiffany something she
just got a macaroons from Abril my tried
the chocolate one April said he didn't
like it
we probably you can share it me if you
want
only if you want he insisted that you
get your own box you could have to me I
need a bunch oh hey I had to sell five
honey sippy did you make it you did
that's cool
this mid-slam at school you know why how
many third of the trash something what
is that behind you on the dryer Oh
I called you you could have a blue or no
cuz I did bump you know what your drink
I told you look over and I grab one did
you really think I was like you yeah a
little hey you said under will eat my
dinner I'm having me Irish potatoes
cabbage and corn from Mackay and as you
guys saw me earlier trying to decide
I have exercised every single day for
the month of January I'm gonna do it in
February but I'm adding on no fried food
which is gonna be so hard for me I hate
running I hate exercising and I love to
eat fast food especially Taco Bell and
McDonald's and Sonic this sitting right
here
it's gonna taste great
since we last talked I did laundry and I
took a shower and you know I'm ready for
bed
but first we have to comment of the day
and it goes to Fred Bob Sam cut the tree
down it's just going to grow and cause
you lots of problems down the road all
the leaves and SAP and everything will
fall on your deck also puts a nut tree
the nuts will fall down to cut it down I
had not thought of that but I've got Sam
his thought of it he probably has a plan
in mind however that is all good advice
in case he doesn't have a plan in mind
now he can get a plan in mind but I do
love the tree I love the idea of having
a tree in the middle of a deck doesn't
that sound so pretty and creative don't
worry I'm sure Sam has a plan for all of
these things anyways guys don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other you don't want to go what that's
what Abram said - oh great I'm making me
a Valentine's Day present you gonna do
this for the fan base if you guys are
gonna see our special guests
Oh
