there can't be too wet and can't be too
dry that is correct
somebody practically made breakfast all
bars
that's right she did everything she mix
the eggs poured the milk everything all
by herself until she needed my help with
the hot part so now I'm standing here
supervising hands-free since she doing
great you guys had enough is that the
egg he's dying
no I would do a little bit more in this
together
wedding everyone I can't believe my
little girl is old enough to make
breakfast pretty much by herself and it
was a big motivator for tired this
morning I might have gone the serial
route but she got everything out ready
and so I got up and started cooking with
her we make potatoes on the side
hmm you're amazing
mommy make me know some of the eggs
oh there is no good mommy oh thank you
so much sweetie sure that Julia try your
eggs
No no Troy no daddy no hey mommy but
very good now swap it over in the
dishwasher
oh let me just put it over in my head it
out for a family fun day we're gonna
have a picnic at the park and I keep
forgetting my awesome sunglasses what
happened
how about my bun into which one of you
farts put a sticker on Julia's head me
Symphony it's in her hair
founder spot oh I got cookie butter I've
been hearing a bunch of stuff like all
over the place ball held legit this
stuff is so what is it oh my goodness
this is amazing I can't even push him on
there
oh hell right there I got it well let me
just make you office the career joining
us guys a pilot and his daughter pulls
up this is where you're actually an
Archie secret hi guys
picnic with us you know use a pilot
Roger place for living is that awesome
everybody you done sure super super I
yeah all right here you go can you pump
your legs go out put your legs out now
in now out out now in
guys I just don't know if I missed
talented as that guy back there he's
double-time in it I'll give it a go he
wasn't quite brave enough for the
Chile's all right master everybody right
here here hold my hand hold my hand just
stuff your foot over little kids all
right let's have a race symphony
Madeline here we go on your mark get set
go
Jeremy is it
barely skin-deep apparently skinned yeah
and then Hobby Lobby now look at my
buggy isn't it cute my bestest friend is
getting married I'm calling her social
FaceTime me I'm getting her hey call me
hi okay I love you FICA
the bride is happy with my choices she
loves everything and she called me in
the middle of a fitting for her and her
husband chiweenie for their wedding band
so it's just some cuttings just
happening dresses like my lifelong best
friend and she's getting married so
emotional here shopping for me see
hi baby welcome home from the park
did you have a good time miss blue eyes
I made a pretty girl how my sweetest
baby oh how cute
she's so cute give me a twirl get off
get off
don't be scared come on go go get it
Bonnie we love you speaking of Oreo have
you guys been watching this presidential
race it is nuts just completely out of
control it's actually pretty
embarrassing I'm embarrassed for our
country that we've come to this point
and I feel like it boils down to us
kicking God out of the country and
saying you know we want less of God as
possible and now we're trying to choose
the better of two evils you say but I
don't have pal
yeah no petals and I think there's a lot
of American Christians actually worried
about the turnout but I think they're
overlooking the fact that God is still
in control
he still has a power over America no
matter who gets into office
we already got verse proverbs 20:1 one
the king's heart is like a stream of
water directed by the Lord he guides it
wherever he pleases so no matter what
happens God is still in control so
there's no need to worry
Abram other Oh buddy all the way
oh it mostly I'll go to Marissa's house
watch your feet guys oh you try to hit
me on this leg buddy good news okay dear
got a hold so you got this here and
there anyway you can keep me going today
buddy
you'll carry on you got a piece of hair
in your mouth on my leg
no what oh yeah yeah
what a silly girl go busy oh man keep
pedaling where did it go down a hill
we're not gonna go up it oh I can't deal
with you guys on here mommy's still not
home that means I gotta do the dinner
kids are watching The Incredibles we
loved that movie
seen countless times such a good movie
isn't you guys like The Incredibles it's
just good clean fun we could be leftover
checking a little soup I think we'll do
wolf brand chili do you guys like chili
with people without beans
right here by this one's yours
we don't have crackers and we don't have
chips so I thought M&Ms would be a good
substitute not to dip it why not
I thought it'd be good yeah you put in
the hot chili don't melt turn to like
chocolate chili hmm
I'll here's another big one what I did
not try that one though good
wait what mmm damn right now we put it
in the chili of course you feel it a lot
of M&Ms that's 20 okay pretty
interesting
tastes like it like a really sweet chili
do you think it's good huh after opening
my avocado I was trying to take out the
yeah a little the nut there and I sliced
right into my thumb look at that right
into it look guys I don't think sweetie
oh my gosh to the hurt too bad it's just
okay can you get it for me for you thank
you
go and look does the piece of my finger
gonna cut off that is not a finger yeah
lady and I edit shaking I'm are you
eating sweetie but I need you be a good
daughter put that bandaid on for me
absolutely that band-aid
okay thank you sweetie
something-something Oh Bing bong you
stepped on some Bing bong story time
mommy hasn't made it back so we're just
gonna have to move on without her sorry
guys
we're gonna read about Abraham's baby
son he is the stars of this song
backwards yes look at the stars in the
sky God promised Abraham as many
children and grandchildren as that is
different tonight in both Abram and
Symphony's room tonight when I was
putting them to bed in Abraham's room I
imagined him as a teenager laying in his
bed and I got pretty sentimental about
it and I just spent a little extra time
with him and then in Symphony's room we
talked about exploring again and I asked
her what would you like to do if we went
exploring again she said she wants to go
explore a building that is still being
made so we're gonna make that happen so
let's get the common today we owe you
two today first comment comes from
Armani pagan what are all you guys going
to be for Halloween that's interesting
he has to buy a lloween and his last
name is pagan we actually got our
Halloween costumes today and we're
really excited about it that is a
surprise thanks for asking but that's a
surprise
next comment comes from jazz more I
really want a t-shirt today worse or
yesterday we were supposed to announce a
new contest I was going to do it today
but I forgot again so I'm gonna tell you
guys what it is tomorrow morning my boys
just like really cracked so until then
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
in this together
