hi guys
there's Leakey all wet put her on the
porch social Drive I forgot
me neither oh my and you're gonna cop me
Julia's just hooking up a charger
charger light over here how little baby
I love her PJs
I Love You PJ hmm hi or yoga morning or
yo oh they missed each other over the
night time mommy spent lots of time with
Juliet right right right
this is our family photo shoot when
Abram was a newborn I was looking at
this picture specifically because I'm
getting my hair done again and I'm
showing my sister-in-law-to-be what my
hair looks like and how I want it again
outside it's crazy the different
dynamics going to a family war versus
going to a family of five that was a
really really hard time life going to a
family is much much better much better
transition for family oh god Peter and
window hi pinky sneaks hey mom Hey I
like your shirt hey we're going out for
some girl time where'd you get this
Howard get a serious case of Bed Head
symphony and her baby are coming are you
leaving her here oh I coming no you're
coming with me
honey we have to take our bait our two
babies again leave us
great-great-granddaughter gotta have
this good no time bye
see you smelly boys later awesome we got
our coffee fix Stephanie what did you
get
Jerri jellies I forgot to get Bubbe some
I was gonna give him some bubbles we may
come back we have to come back to get
them symphony how does it feel
are you excited remember last week we
did it at home nail salon you didn't
know we were going to go to the real
nail salon this week did you me and Bebo
had it all planned out someone's ready
for a nap think she'll fall asleep in a
minute
I tell the king don't even touch me
they're about to make and I'm gonna get
a flow in itself half I'll show you my
flower when it starts and doing through
my pillow dress right now she's doing my
flower guy gonna look really pretty nice
mom
stupid water over there she's not
getting her
Symphony has ladybug nails I wonder what
Bebo gosh this is so far what my
fingernails look like not done yet no
not at the picture oh I'm done a movie
you say ok Beebo show me the results of
your nails very pretty
we're having lunch now symphony your
baby can't climb the walls yes you can
it's against the rules for eating at
Oscar Delta looks amazing
sup guys get ready to go to fixate I'm
going to be filming tonight with a
couple other guys Bo and Mike I have my
my tripod my video tripod right here in
this trunk but I can't open the trunk
because of this because it's damaged
right here
the trunk is stuck closed as you can see
that's overlapping it right there so I'm
going to go into the seats which I think
are broken see if I can get to it in
here yeah that is right there oh yeah ok
this is the only seat that will go down
in here well I got the bag cool I like
filming for the church makes me feel
like I'm utilizing my gift where yeah
and my talents for God I feel like he
gave us these talents and that's why you
get him to be using him for his glory
hey so I think a dr. Seuss character
yeah that looks like it his hat fell
inside his hat it does right do you
think I look like a tin hat oh there's
your pen we left it on your shirt yeah
but that we lost it
no as I stood to cool
a reflection we got here early so
Symphony can practice because she's
performing on stage today
what are you performing exactly I don't
care you don't even know oh wow so
you're not practicing I'm here buddy
I'm waiting welcome to fixate oh wow we
got food at this time all right and I
just ate in the car what's going on over
here guys what is this about hello hey
show what is this use the image of the
invisible God and people are just gonna
Pat in their thoughts and their prayers
how are you expressing yourself tonight
what's Helen are you going to be using
oh I use the challenge
is that where you died oh you organized
it but you're gonna be in here right
yeah okay good
what's up he looks great in here buddy
everything looks like everything's
coming together perfectly yeah he's my
boss tonight sup boss
Isaac over here Mike and Jennifer's son
he does little sketching like
superheroes and stuff that's all I've
seen and he's going to be over here with
his own little canvas sketching some
kind of image of a Bible scene or
something as you can see both getting
really into it it's time designed to
kind of remind us of the idea behind
Colossians 1:16 that your passion just
isn't even a hobby to pass time away or
to entertain yourself it's actually
something that Judas is - gah - so
nothing
Oh
that amazingly really great limits
awesome through does somebody make they
used her cookie well I can't really
injure you Tony that's her disc sander
Tony yeah this was her way of worship
she says it's the best way to worship
everybody do you want another one
okay no no eat it put in your mouth this
is my ego
pick that chubby
pineapple and sausage pretty pink pretty
then good right who woulda thunk it
alright guys let's go inside late you
can't why not
Jess signs birthdays on it October 2 how
is it
ooh but not really to fun it just like
Daddy Oh see daddy's birthday is coming
up this hi baby
huh I would tell her what dealer your
digger would dick oh hi she's gettin so
ticklish yeah baby yeah baby oh yeah
fixate the kids are getting started on
their Bible story he was requested some
water tonight was really amazing it's
like that old of him you know turn your
eyes upon Jesus look full in his
wonderful face and the things of this
world will grow strangely dim in the
light of his glory and grace that is so
true while worshiping tonight and being
in the presence of the just so strongly
in the presence of the Lord the things
of this world really did grow strangely
dim and that's how I felt kinda Li felt
that and just thankful for this night we
had and thankful to the people who
worked hard on it together
are you go Symphony oh no worry about
Daniel Malaysia so what you see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other we got your
two comments
we're in this together
