good morning hi never made by the same
guy loved by the same
to live
this together oh hi cutie hmm need me to
peel that banana for you I like your
smile that's a giant yellow smile hey
guys how's it going today my day has
been filled with trying to recover our
house from the window of situation
yesterday we had to let you take
everything out from away from the
windows so literally there was like no
floor space in here we now have floor
space again and let me unpeel it
these are little phrases that I feel
like our kids say that I never want them
to go out of like symphonie used to say
the word girl like Gil like a fish kill
me thanks buddy
say thanks mommy look what Abram did at
school today isn't it so cute how can
this girl wake up so happy
sleep does the baby get sleep does the
baby blue our babies have always had
really distinct characteristics and
personality traits like from the womb
and from an early age Abram was always
very rambunctious he was a rambunctious
fetus in my womb and he's just a
rambunctious little boy did you learn
everything is there like a place for
over 600 yeah I'm at Sandy's new
property he's moving so excited I'll
show you the land if it's all cleared
off they're custom building their own
house let's go see where our friends are
gonna live let's go check it out Jamie
oh hi so Sandy's in-laws on a steel
business Sam actually used to work for
her father-in-law when he was in high
school and they would like build stuff
with this metal and like iron gates and
stuff like that this is a newer house
that they built that her that her
in-laws built and they have a piece of
land on their land and they're gonna
build a house
we're gonna go feed the chickens we were
hopeful and they had their like head
like a zoo like this is 135 acres or
something crazy like that
looks like your shoes on Abram you don't
want to touch up they're not alive
they're dead go feed the chickens
cool dude I know
let's go shoes on he sure does that one
looks like you have boots on this is
gonna be cuffs new house touch it it's
just a toy like it's got wheels I'll
take a look at a window inside okay what
do you got daddy my cousin where'd you
hit your roll
my kids are getting in the music now
what did you guys start getting into
music I remember I started getting into
the music like in high school I was into
music until I get the high school yeah
now kids are into music at like very
young Ananya and then when I got into it
I started making it like right away a
little bit so much how's the music
classes like I'm a really little girl
I'm like high seven wasn't easy classes
in school and stuff having a favorite
singer and stuff like that so the first
CD I ever bought get this guy's this is
gonna be funny
oh these first two years ago oh I know
black and blue by the Backstreet Boys or
Walmart a bowl our first one at Walmart
and it was the soundtrack to Moulin
Rouge they also got nelly backwards here
wait a minute now eight was my first CD
really yes it was now eight I forgot I
told her no right for City cuz I got in
the car opened it up to the back of the
car and we listened to it on my
headphones my CD player that you had to
hold like this while you're driving
because if you hit a bump a visually
upgraded over to next one where he could
actually like jog with it I mean he's
really getting into the kick and tonight
carrots for the kids that look carrots
so I wasn't in the rock today because I
was working on a video for fixate which
tomorrow I hurt and it's about fixing
our eyes on Jesus and gifts he's given
us and this is the finished product here
- daddy's video back
it's just drone footage and interviews
on footage of wroclaw which of our
churches and where we want to be on
mission but when it's out on you - I'll
just put a link if you guys are
interested in seeing the whole thing
guys how delicious does this look oh my
goodness you ate the noodles for the
first time tonight different shape
noodles who did not want to triumph or
anything
Wow yeah
don't try a green bean yeah like don't
go green do beanyone just in case just
try it man it's like a dollar that's all
it is man those be like a bright red or
blue yeah you know all right buddy you
don't have to be bad green bean bag
green bean you're going in my rush
you're going in Sydney's tummy he loves
somebody it's such a joy feeding my
family especially want to make something
from scratch I don't make things from
scratch as often it may be this is third
Bowl he's asked for Sam's on his second
symphonies IV on her third on my second
yeah I love it when they love my food
y'all it just makes my whole day when
y'all love my food man it's hard to find
something that he will eat three
helpings of
the bath time girl has a lot to say you
just got all fresh and clean I have a
new song for Julie at you guys
jeepers creepers where'd you get those
blue peepers jeepers creepers
where'd you get your blue eyes everyone
in position everyone in your places Oh
Juliet's not happy anymore yes check too
long you guys gotta see this site it's
so cute
mommy one two three four she's so good
she is in here with you
one day you guys will share a room or
she'll go on the bunk with you yet stop
being so cute
sorry guys you're just gonna have to
deal with our heads as we do come into
the day because Annie is nursing and it
goes to Skylar's Channel
can I get one please I really won that
shirt I love your videos that she said
meant to say I really want one of those
things we are gonna do another contest
tomorrow so come back don't forget guys
we love you remember to love each other
we're in this together
