good morning everyone the big kids are
at school the loud ones are at school
it's just us in our quiet time we like
our quiet time we can get it don't we in
this together
good afternoon fam basic up to my
favorite part of the day picking up a
broom bring the kids home as always the
best part it enlightens the house oh
it's all so excited about today is we're
getting his pictures back
neighbors carry around this kitty cat
now since he lost his puppy in New York
yeah oh you do I really would hey what's
this I hear about you thinking you're
taller than me
well yeah I'm talking your shoes make
you taller than daddy the teacher told
me that he was bragging about his shoes
and that he picked them out this morning
and they make him taller than his daddy
are you sure about that buddy okay what
do you are no yours tall's daddy yeah
big are you sure yeah all right come on
big guy we got the package the one we've
been waiting for me it's for us of you
okay want to see it where is it lay that
guy put a little pumpkin let's go go
right here front and center math reading
oh thank you buddy
sandy brought symphony home today and I
have a little surprise for her symphony
you got a surprise for you behind my
back already see it tada
you mean we're gonna go today yeah I'm
gonna let me see your teaspoon bye
Stephanie
have a good day at the fair we love you
oh here you go every Monday don't get
done with welcome to the Texas State
Fair Bowen she'll is going to meet us
here as well as my brother Matthew and I
think his fiancee we'll just see about
that
so will you own the first miss misses
school girl here at the fair rides first
I was thinking like fried Oreos just who
really moves
oh you mean Big Tex that's some sour
cream on it
our first fried food experience of the
season fried frito chili fries if that
wasn't already unhealthy enough all
healthy eating is out the window today
for sure
somehow
look LSAT cool guy
look over matyoo
hi Bo hi Knox he's too little you guys
go down
Oh
I don't know you guys got stuck quite a
bit my neck hurts our Matt yeah you did
give me how was it my poor cars
riding the four-wheelers
good luck buddy good luck yeah
there's three one two three
we're about to risk our lives on the
jumping jumbo hey you okay with that
there there I said don't mistake this
ride for jumpin Dumbo this is jumping
jumbo okay there's a huge difference I
don't know what it is I'm figured out
yet so they look along like Dumbo it was
a big difference are you so scared
that's here good
look at all these people trying to amuse
themselves we're addicted to amusement
guys now they're going to ride the
dolphins they're going to go round and
round and round oh this one's rock ok
these are the rocking dolphins look for
the cute
it was a dolphin them look like a
mermaid oh that's cute about the right
of hot-air balloons and so's Nia should
we believe it
get on the boat upload the craze is
right here needs getting on let's get it
going let's get it going let's get movin
real sick
hey bruh I'm looking at e getting fun
Ochs you ready for the ferris wheel
buddy
yeah writing the famous bass section
says with what you guys talking about
places to live in Dallas together moon
get married
I love your sister
we're really doing it guys are doing it
wow this is incredible already you can
see put pokeballs up here look at your
Pokemon go up out let me get it get it
get through achoo it's okay
well that's pretty good skin pretty cage
there mater ah you know it's like Oh
mr. baby is making me feel just when
Juliet bring
crazy
thanks buddy
what in the world don't you have
somewhere else get this guy a huge we're
right here because we left the lights on
and he sees all the bugs jumping over
here yeah late we found a great color of
the day guys he's gonna read it to you
what is it bit it's from Tabitha Higgins
so my hubby left for his first lengthy
deployment today and our son 9 years old
made a little video on his little
sisters tablet saying how much he missed
out already and at the end he said
remember we love you and don't forget to
love each other it made me smile he
loves watching your family every week
with me you guys will definitely be a
positive distraction while daddy's away
that is so cute I just read it was the
first time ok sweet I may be small early
big so cute
I think if say bye to Bo though Bo for
watching this bye buddy
alright guys we'll see Mario forget I
love you remember to love each other
we're in this together
