the water cause of gravia for a long
time
all right here we go be careful even if
it tries to grab on alright yeah okay
you are my brother you are my sister
they
by the same guy loved by the same
there's love
where I won't
in this together so here's our poll guys
this is what it's looking like and I'm
almost positive that I'm just done with
it there's no way I'm going to be able
to drain this water and I think there's
a lot more that pink stuff probably
sitting at the bottom of it and not only
that the paint is starting to bubble
quite a bit on the bottom of the pool so
I think I'm just going to go ahead an
get rid of it dismantle abhi first
starts to get too cold and get rid of it
even though I had planned still but I'm
not just save him for next summer it's
going to be fun you trying to eat the
pink stuff sorry guy that wasn't pollen
it's all clogged
man I completely ruined it see the slush
instead of trying to drain it by using
these things and then drain which is
right there takes forever to drain use
that thing like forever I'm going to cut
open the pool that's what I'm gonna cut
it open and I'm gonna empty this pull
and style okay I want to make it fun for
you guys and for me so we're going to
need this
alright kids I need everybody to stand
back I'm about to cut open a swimming
pool the one drained the waters ruin the
pulls ruined what um summer's over
sweetie we'll have a poll for next year
though we'll get a new one right here
right there
yeah flow into you now I'm gonna cut on
the other side because the ground is
going this way and I want the water to
flow out over here but first I'm going
to cut this little support thing
whatever it is this little strip I'm
just curious how much support this is um
providing for pull I'm gonna cut that
you guys me stand back I've no idea
these things might kick out or what whoa
get back well nothing happened nothing
all right keV here's what I want you to
do lay down right here
and I'm just going to cut open let all
the water go on top of you come on come
upgrade to the camera so we can get a
wider shot you guys can see more of this
action take place kids are going to step
here see if I can find a good angle for
you guys to water cuz of grab you
all right here we go
be careful even if it tries to grab on I
am NOT ready for this oh thank you oh
are you just gonna cut it anyone who's
gonna cut
you
you
you
okay buddy that was often that's crazy
I created a room at scared a bro he
wasn't expecting that
oh there's the emoji actually doesn't
look too bad oh my gosh I ripped all the
way around the edge didn't realize that
I started it here and it just spread out
there the whole thing crazy just crazy
house awesome
his toys started floating away has a
little spin of toys right here sort of
floating legs started over there uh you
couldn't even drained it right there are
you serious there's a drain right there
now they're peeling the pole oh okay so
slippery Sophie - what again that's it
you okay yes take it off okay it's oh
yeah let me have it buddy yogurt popcorn
and tomatoes and chicken nuggets and
fish stick wow you guys have like it's
dinner - yeah me and daddy are having
tilapia oh yeah
in my window man Oh baby gotta eat down
there I'm sipping I heard something
really crazy happen at school today what
happened Wow there's a bad guy that
wants to come to our school
there's a bad guy did he get there he
didn't make it
cops got him well that's why we came
oh that what it was he's got the scoop
on that I'm not gonna I'm not gonna
scoop it out for y'all though you know I
I don't know I just feel uncomfortable
scoop it out for you guys
somebody was threat I haven't even like
talked about in front of symphony that's
why I don't want to I don't want her to
like hear like they kept I think dr.
Hern kept it like very vague for a
reason and I want to follow you know her
okay what can I ask you on buddy Captain
America maybe blue white and red
and you like you know you can't buddy
I'll be right back laughter get out of
here you're so cute in your robe
clean up a little I universe the castle
we can have ice cream with the family
but dude do have ice cream here oh great
um can we get two
um
I got Haven birthday cake - you think
you'll like it
yeah do you think you well look like
Captain America event cover it thank you
so much yummy oh you're so Captain
America ice cream my you don't have to
eat it all it's not too much dude I got
you one scoop of ice cream
Oh buddies ships so funny he thinks he's
right oh this is here dude sit down what
sissy there's yours
there's mine there's mommy's Wow a big
one
no it's a small this is happening right
now you guys all three of my babes in 1
crib hey are you being careful with that
you being extra love done right now I
think loving on you years you love being
in here with your sissy aloo be do be do
we need any word let's do the baby-talk
challenge who can do the most annoying
Baby Talk I don't think they quite
understand the concept let me do mine Oh
Ruby dooby doo
hello mommy mommy warning comment of the
day goes to amateur fun life with me
and she asked what happened to the
salmon yay give away the t-shirt
giveaway I don't know what happened he
made up these complicated rules the
first three people to answer all three
questions right and they're all separate
and she hasn't figured out who the
winner is you're supposed to do that was
on my trip but she forgot to do it we're
still wouldn't do that
excuse me I don't know when but soon but
we will see you guys tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
we're in this together
