good morning guys our boys are back the
boys are back in town and I've had
something on my mind the whole time they
were gone
smells a sharpie and Abram come here
buddy here yeah I need you I haven't
measured Abram since he turned 3 put
your feet together stand up nice and
tall okay stay right there okay wow you
had a big row spurt yeah okay good at
that sis this girl oh so fast bus hey I
want to buy my carrot oh come on sit
good boy stop are you I'm blocking guys
jeez let's just act like we get along
she had run away to church guys as a
family once again very nice we haven't
all been to church together and hello
honey
I haven't been answered some has had one
for show the last time could deter to be
taught symphonies class so I thought
more accurate on the sides are
voluminous we might cut right by that
white one
maybe all right I love you guys no no no
keep going buddy on the very end there
yeah take it out of it what what are you
really
so when I asked you what trips you have
less close you get Webster's is a
roadblock to your advancement in the
back to your grammar tonta I'm not
talking about like you told your little
40 that's good I mean that I'm talking
about growing in an intimacy and
closeness and surrender to Jesus be able
to hear him since his guidance and see
you move out of here even the lives of
others like that's what I'm talking
whatever there is that can slow you down
he's already overcome he's already over
wounded you guys ready to see what I
brought home from New York
yeah I got a couple of mugs I already
have a Time Square mug there's the other
one
I'm Samuel alyssaginsburg ears state or
New York City I mean that's New York
State these are the statements I got
that matter look at do you remember the
first time I went to New York I was
looking for this one and they were out
of stock oh really
yes I wanted to know I'm sorry we don't
have it you can get one similar oh got
Abram a little wobble bobble head
Captain America bobble man this is your
bag of stuff okay
all right don't be no wait wait I'm
gonna hand it to you another time this
is six mini cupcakes
yep me neighbor pick those out for you
yeah
who shoes are those nice no but like
yeah dark my stuff and shoes your
matching shoes yeah
do you love them he really are you sure
I love them ever pick this up for you
little coin purses Sorella New York
Abram give us the Juliet this is what
you picked up for Juliet okay this is
your other one
yeah that's your other one yeah wonder
what is this okay
yeah do you love it I love it
big apple here huh here's gift for you
can't believe she's a small icarver and
everything about these better so
frustrating he asked me what she says on
text authority I had the right-sized at
the counter and I called her just to
make sure and she said her 67 not today
no she doesn't wear seven right either
shoes 15 she was a six in clothes oh no
it has to be the fanciest mascara I have
ever gotten
don't break it now it's a mascara Wow
good stuff guys and this right here she
said it can use his blush eye shadow and
lip gloss oh nothing like that it's
completely organic so you could
basically eat if you're hard ways Megan
you need to take it do you love it it's
perfect for fall that's what I was
thinking I said I'm so good for yeah oh
my god oh good
a score buddy hey score pal did you did
it yeah damn hmm
I also got you this Symphony more
chocolate lots of different kind just
for you I got near the shirt hold it up
to the camera just be shirts and that's
a t-shirt better better you wanted to
really dance
yeah I actually wanted this shirt look I
was like do you have this the medium
he's like actually this is for girls I
didn't open it up I just liked the fun
of it
oh sure okay I also got my sister and a
pair of glasses by Cleo
Nietzsche this is a local designer
seaport area
let's see which ones were these those
are for Nia there you go honey whoa
thanks see what a cool okay oh my
goodness oh wait buddy what's it whoa
those are all of the damn rose gold on
us yeah they're awesome cool see ya
hello so far did good whoo yo I got
these glasses for my sister she likes
steampunk wait yo games up
she can see you you can still see out of
them with him down sounds good can you
see it's kinda like a bicycle certainly
if you like these guys I got Rachel yeah
thank you oh I got my brother Andrew a
pair of Oh police because he really
likes minor and then I got Matthew back
up and then house that everything we're
forgetting anything
oh yeah we got that for you
oh yeah the flashlight right whoa Wow
you take your socks off you'll get a
better grip on the tree whoa nikrif our
Mississippi nice footwork babe what
what's that buddy we're watching sitting
to climb this tree I've never seen her
climb a tree there you go you got this
well huh well come on put your foot back
up there see if you get up here put one
foot here push it put your other foot
over here come on come on come on I got
you come on
oh my gosh okay I just can't do it again
that was a close call babe I just can't
do it again why today I'm here to the
swing I made it for symphony when she
was born this wing has been here for six
years can you believe that that's how
all this rope is guys is over six years
old
Oh missed us it's kind of hard to like
gauge where it's gonna hit get back one
two missus
this is all we play out here in the
country
it's called throw the pillow in the sky
and see if you can hit your head
boo-yeah boo-yeah boo-yeah here we go oh
yeah
Sydney is the winner of that one oh it
turned right at the last second every
time I don't understand why did you
start your phone cami now we're playing
with your phone her gums I'll see it I
should hit the viewers but it turn right
at the last second I don't know how much
longer I can play this game
what's up until Oh guys Oh jumping
pillow oh hi
I see the bear yeah he's in the stroller
he's right in front of me he's looking
at me I see already run stroll you guys
I mean Juliet Juliet Oh what time you
got excited my baby
I realized that yesterday he knows what
gosh this guy is like a master at
decorating for how long he goes oh lucky
way alone he even has real black cats
hanging around the house just following
me and bats look at the door I'm cool I
like the tree that's enormous
oh look there's a leg in the yard yeah
oh there's a head right there
you admiring your yard a little bit more
to go I got the silk spider web stuff
cool are you gonna have the coffin to
open for classes this year oh these all
guys it's that time again yeah you know
it we got the Pops forms go home kids
early go ahead have a movie night
tonight it's grown-up time movie night
yesterday let's read our Bible story now
knowing that educators design during the
presidential debates as students
homework do you feel you're modeling
appropriate and positive behavior for
today's youth well thank you are you a
teacher what a great question oh well
you know the president at apology
because as you know very well your
campaign Sidney Blumenthal
he's another real winner that you have
and guys this debate is not it's like a
boxing match
should you be enjoying straight oh nice
- one on three thank you so said you
want to make car alright guys we're
gonna go ahead and call it a day we're
gonna finish this debate and go to bed
but um thanks for hanging out with us
today we'll see you tomorrow as usual
unwilling you just trying to cut me off
without rope don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other love
each other Trump and Hillary as hard as
it is
we're in this together
