good morning fanbase you guys today you
are my brother you are my sister made by
the same guy
nobody fame
there's love
if
and this together good morning everyone
symphonies rocking the birdie Bell
headband today oh my goodness that dog
is so fluffy
whoa racy and basic do you have any blow
your nose and tissue gets all over it
sure
so our checkout time is 11 o'clock and
it is about 11:30 right now
they still haven't called us to get us
out of here and usually they don't as
long as I'm nobody's trying to clean the
room we should be okay I hope I don't
ever check out a hotel brand oh no hotel
we just scram don't even bother going
back to the desk I would never have a
problem with in cash and so take
advantage of that today because our
plane is out for what's that buddy and I
don't want to just hang it at the
airport three hours this is our last
girls day together before the boys come
home how do you feel about that so what
was your favorite part of the trip
yeah I know daddy guy anything how the
airplane was poop the taxi would be
bubbly the bubbly potions was your
favorite part of girl time especially
the blue one that one was such cool I
think I have two favors one favorite was
going to IHOP with you and my friends
and my second favorite was cuddling on
the couch yesterday reading our stories
together while it was quiet didn't it
like a bummer I did like the bubbly that
was your favorite
did you miss mommy on this trip yes did
you miss her so much that you wouldn't
do this again with Daddy and I must
Weiss you still say funny
oh you did are you gonna do this again
with Daddy first thing on our agenda
today is make a class we are making
homemade applesauce I have two more
minutes before the blog is uploaded and
the clean is right outside our door
I like making out fast with you I always
love cooking with you and with no loud
boys around yeah all right here we go
wait for me buddy all right I think we
can put the lid on now and wait for them
to get soft Wow we made out just in time
this is what we've been doing every day
- he opens these doors for me and then
he goes back over here and goes through
the revolving door I'll see you outside
see ya a bowl of warm water this is
going to be where you soak your feet and
I got you a special bath balm just for
this weekend I didn't know what we were
going to use it for but I was waiting
for the perfect moment that's us
I can walk
whoa does walk oh it works think it's
rolling in the water you know that's so
cool
who's this just as fun as going to the
nail salon sooner as you're making it
yourself
I knew that bath bomb would come in
handy oh is it you know it tickles up
now go on to sleep it okay dip your butt
back in okay came with that symphony is
about to head to a birthday party I'm
heading there too she's riding with her
friends in the car with the mom and I'm
gonna be behind them just in case we
have to leave a little bit earlier than
the birthday girl ever say goodbye New
York City
this is sweet and sassy Oh
is awesome
the girls are getting started on their
makeover
a symphony are you picking out your
dress okay princess show me what you got
I love it I think everyone went that way
to their hair chairs check it out guys
it's just us this is nice I love it
hey oh sure did beautiful yeah yours is
really long working our plane
pretty sure we left Abraham's dog at the
hotel this right we try to rush out of
there before the cleaning lady went in
there he kept moving in and out of the
suitcase unless he put it back in a
suitcase it's the hotel I called him the
soup is there doesn't call me back
no no almost this one that one right
there sit down there's a window we have
been having a really hard afternoon we
finally got her to take a nap so we're
talking a little quiet and it's time for
us to finish our apple sauce the apples
from this morning are really soft and
we're going to mush them up and we're
going to have some yummy delicious
applesauce yeah this guy hasn't broken
down on our whole trip at all and we get
on the plane to go home and his window
isn't right there where it's usually
yeah and this can't handle it look at
this game explain the window there's
always we're gonna try it by hand and
see how soft Oh looks so good once we're
in the air you can stand up in without
the
sounds okay
right like you
you don't want the cookies she said no
crying on the airplane let me just do
some I got okay I'll buy two scoops it
is enough okay your scripts oh this
one's for you oh are you ready I am
ready you go first you roll it back this
case is just like that straw doors
daddy I can't thanks for being pretty
good
there she is a beautiful Camry
beautiful as ever oh I missed her so
much my mom did that by the way Sam and
Abram are on their way home I am
following him on the Find My Phone app
because Symphony has a little prank up
personally from when Daddy and Abram get
home sis we got to talk about this
they're having movie night this was like
the last thing on her list of things she
wanted to do for girls night that we
haven't done yet serve I'm moving out
with pickles and popcorn our favorite be
jokin okay we have to talk about your
prank for daddy no we're making an
emergency stop at the same gas station
we stopped that on the way to New York a
little bit it's called yeah funny
everyone's got taken emergency jump
there Symphony she's hiding the boys are
almost home I'm gonna kind of stand at
the doorway so they don't think anything
okay I'm gonna be right here buddy this
your wedding in the window long enough
what is this hey sue is bringing me
that's my welcome home oh man
that's not really fair brand-new shirt
why'd you sell a string us
I thought you missed me way camper all
those kisses if she deserves I say it
every time the best part traveling is
the family reunion is so exciting to be
back home with her very well all
together the family is a whole now
there's a great trip that feels awesome
be home really is a city with me so
we'll see you guys tomorrow for the huge
reveal of what I got Nia Symphony and
Juliet don't forget we love you
we're in this together
