Wow together what are you doing no no
don't shoot yourself with the crossbow
I found this crossbow at the dump for
Abril morning guys how are you doing
today Juliet and I are spending some
special time together
who ever seen each other miss each other
so much I said jeez let's take a picture
she sinks so many words from last time I
saw her you just tell her what to say
and she'll say it what can you say hat
ah can you say ah I'm sorry did I kiss
the baby lips too hard I'm so sorry
well is that okay where's she going what
she needed to do you know make up the
window like that yeah Sony had car
trouble again miles away so today we
resolved all that we took back the
rental car we had eleven hundred dollars
of damage just because she hit a curb
it's crazy those curbs out there can be
savages especially you out there who's
just getting your license those curbs
are dangerous you hit them right they
can do some damage what a pretty face
can I say hi dad Oh Oreo hey yo yo yo we
owe such a solid chunk of baby this look
at that solid baby boy I got the baby
and put your toys fill your toys Chloe
your toys
gorgeous oh you outside it's a beautiful
morning yes it is are you oh how are you
doing how was Hawaii oh yeah she got a
whole bunch of snacks when we go home
okay your drive
let's just go backwards down the slide
thank you get out following instructions
hey mama hey mama
I remember when Avery was Lily's he
would play in the snow and like just
completely ignore the fact that his
hands were probably about to fall off
it's cold out here my hands are freezing
Jude just seems to completely ignore
look she's like touching the metal and
everything maybe it's just a reminder of
what whiny babies we are about cold
weather well
hey guys I'm back it's like today marks
one full month of me exercising every
single day all month long
I made my goal I'm so stinking excited
and as you guys might remember my phone
broke and I can't even document this on
Instagram I want to document it the day
it happened and I can't even do it so
whatever I'm cooking Sam and myself a
healthy lunch we are gonna have
something so healthy I don't even know
if Sam's gonna like it but I will sweet
potato Charlotte
regular potato and cabbage yeah I gave
Juliet a sucker no judging please she's
sick she'd get to suck her agent Wendy
sucker
she went to dum dum do you want me to
take the trash off for you okay I'll do
it you caught me in the right place at
the right time sissy
time has come avocado or coconut I'm
gonna do coconut cuz it'll mesh better
with this
the third tree our neighborhood has cut
down and I've kept the bottom up I'm
going to be keeping the bottom industry
they just got it let's go check on the
progress
these are done with my next tape yeah
you guys wanna come to such a windy
windy day
come back now now get out of the way
Merry Christmas
run straight straight
what's up buddy boy bagging her in okay
she's an interesting piece yeah she's
got some instant angles viewers no I
don't see it
okay then there's the leg oh okay I see
quite a stretch of the imagination there
huh I'm trying to see what state it
looks like don't look at the state kind
of Florida and then the Georgia and then
Texas which was right next to Georgia do
that look come here come here just
sipping his hand to see if Symphony was
this big when you put a hand here Jay
can we do a little finger you nerd
simply was just a little bit bigger than
her when we did this she literally
picked it up he put over her head she
just dumped it on her face oh you okay
yeah gosh don't say yes what your head
hey buddy boy bunny guys I went to go do
traffic this afternoon that's my duty
after school
hello update on Juliet although she has
been precious and in a really great mood
all day she still has had a little fever
so we're having some motrin here baby
poor girl homework time right away
symphonies making some oh don't cut the
tab off you need that ok goodness that
made me nervous every day I do
symphonies here cute now to her face it
every day she comes home where the pony
told me why did you do that because I
like to be down I don't we need to get
some headbands out so you can start
running no no I don't like get me to hit
B & B in there oh you just like it free
I understand that I'm gonna have a
little game of Twister I am a neighbor I
wrote this in Oklahoma
I've been look so I mean it on blue left
and I also got right foot in the air so
I just stand like this this is new
compared to what we played as well it
looks like the boys gave up on us so me
and Symphony are gonna play let me what
would go on any color of your choice I
got right hand blue right yeah I got
right hand green right hand yellow
right hand in the air a snippet of your
turns left hand green right foot for me
on the green ok you got left hand of
your choice left okay left hand color of
my choice okay guys the kids just went
to bed and know that I finally have this
guy back with me at a decent time guess
what time it is am got all the way to 8
do they know that I don't think they do
yeah I got the 8 and I was getting to
like 1 and 2 what the heck I thought I
was suddenly got brains here's the other
brain I just thought it was so good at
trivia
which of these organs is found inside
the skull Santa Claus enters houses view
what Germany America majors ballet
doubles as the word for a small village
a fellow Hamlet or Macbeth wait wait
come to this told you all right guys
let's get to comment of the day and it
goes to Jana Jones I think me and my
husband needs marriage counseling as
well thank you for sharing with us I
love y'all I just want to share with you
guys today on the Holy Bible at me and I
started a new devotional we thought we'd
share you guys what it is it's called
your best us marriage is easier than you
think and today's devotional was
basically about more awesome less awful
yeah and it was about finding ways your
marriage where you're stuck what God
have you do to unstuck those things in
your marriage and one of the things for
me was being more giving of my time and
being it just a better communicator of
my emotions and mine basically boiled
down to being needy and in certain areas
and needy of Sam's time and attention
for the kids you know just overall
neediness we're just trying to find a
balance there as you can see I want to
give less shown to give them more so
we're just trying to find a compromise
that's we're right right now all right
guys we'll see you tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other we don't even have so much faith
believe me
don't eat it okay
