my brother you are my sister made by the
same guy loved by the same art we've got
to live love we've got to get
where I won't
and this together oh she like so far
without messy de you do I want to watch
a movie can you try Glee yeah you can
okay we really cookers handsome dog
perfect skirt captain haircut all right
cutie show me your smile you're gonna
well the photographer I'm just over here
doing laundry Julia is sitting next to
me and she's reading the back of the
highlights
she loves it thank you oh my goodness
you see that boy he's running in the
rain it says jump in that's what it says
cranky sorry my cat game is over then
groovy in your pink everyone want to do
some after-school painting I'm trying to
get ready for New York that is happening
tomorrow
this came so fast I thought we had a few
weeks after our Mexico trip but nope
you put his shorts up over his belly
button so adorable what is this about
Oh so how was school today buddy great
and dog take a nap did you fight with
anybody
yeah did you cry today it's cool yeah
you did
Oh would you bump your head on now what
a chain chair yes
oh I'm sorry that's Apple and I went to
Chapel are you at the chapel did you
sing songs yes he just took off to go
get symphony when she gets home
stiffening our gonna going a little
special date tonight because I'm leaving
for the next three days and I've been
meaning to do this for a while and I
thought you know tape every day about
the lever and he go spend some time with
her and she's also gonna regain her
spelling tests that she got a really
good grade on she says shopkins six is
out now she once really wants that and
she really wants a baby that poops
I'm sure you guys are curious as to what
happened to the swimming pool after
putting five hundred bath bombs in it
and that is what I'm going to show you
right now it's actually very strange not
anything I would have predicted this for
sure all right so it's blue now I'm
trying to salvage this water by the way
I didn't mean to waste the water I
wouldn't plan on wasting the water when
I did this but the stuff on top is like
gum it reminds me of like ooh black I
don't know if it's a mixer what's in the
trees above and the soap believe this
look it's gum it literally feels like
bubble gum it is so weird I can't even
get that off that's not coming off
somebody help me I can't breathe
there's no way to clean this off the net
so that's for sure he'll have to get a
new one and see what happens here just
like I said I still have other plans for
this pool
oh it's getting heavy get heavy you know
wait out
my skimmers ruined feels like I'm
scooping gum out of the pool look at it
the texture the color the consistency
all of it just feels like bubblegum look
that is gum well there goes Abraham's
Tonka truck oh man I got away for the
rest of it to go on the edge of the pool
what was that room there's a little bit
on it grants gonna be green you look
gorgeous
we're gonna go on our date now you ready
for it after you princess what you got
there in your hand
what is that for um we're gonna go do it
cheese are you gonna get to me now or
okay let's go get it what is the first
thing on our agenda today
what are we doing first thing going to
pop what are we gonna do at Walmart
we're gonna get my baby in love
that's a scared looking baby you're not
pay another Cyrus dude
oh oh here it is yep let me guess which
one it is
well there it is this one that poops in
peace I'm Bianca binky you shouldn't
come with a toilet then no you have to
change your diapers
that's the whole Bri Oh poster come to
thank you I don't see anybody feeding it
look you can't put anything in its mouth
it's closed
Oh comrade food okay yeah that one does
eat her mouth is open
yep that's it
all right this where we going now all
right where do you want to go good I
mean even in the car then you go okay
you want to go to the drive-through no
wait you don't have her car though
they'll be funny though just like walk
and be crazy do you want to yeah yeah
okay she got a couple of uh was it
puppies in my pocket and kidding my
pocket is she's gonna open while we're
here
you open the key in my pack okay what'd
you get what'd you get what'd you get oh
my goodness
it's like uncle David's cat isn't it
like a Siamese cat oh man I'm gonna say
no cameras - yeah you're gonna bring in
your campaign good you're reading all
the rules Oh sweetie oh wow
still proud of you come on rules are
tional rules are meant to be broken
sweetie what are they made for to follow
oh I wish I knew that in high school dad
you got it hold on tight hold on
I hope my head see daddy I'm too little
for this part boom
oh hey it slow see you like that okay
I'm gonna go backwards
wow you're fast you should be you should
have been up a hamster pigeon again I
keep trying to go up so River her rattle
that's a sweet sister mommy mommy
okay we got a car on his nose
you ready for New York City in the
morning yeah we got to wake up really
early Wow
execute I think she just go peepee no no
no no poopoo
did you want the one that goes people or
is that one okay mounds okay okay
fuzzbucket
okay guys comment of the day pounds from
Ryan ago Agosto why are just a Berman's
am going to toy fest and not you girls
well the simple answer is just one girl
time right right actually really what
the thing is that we have just been
traveling so much we went on three trips
within a six-week period and this woman
just needs a little break yes maybe
she's teething and I think she needs a
break symphonies in school and I really
don't want to take her out longer than
you know one day a week at all for the
rest of the semester Li's so yeah we're
just us girls are gonna hang back
mommy-daughter time we're gonna sit
we're gonna spend some time with my mom
gonna go out with one of my girlfriends
Mexico Marathi it's just going to be a
sweet time with us together and honestly
we are looking so much in fact Symphony
said mommy I can't wait until the boys
are gone and it's just girl time we
won't have to listen to Abram whine we
won't listen to him scream I can pick
whatever movie I want and Abram won't be
there to get upset oh yeah okay guys
don't forget we love you remembered each
other
we're in this together
