10:02 New York yeah I go to the city in
this together morning guys
I'm having such a horrible time wait you
have a headache and stuff not that I'm
complaining it's beautiful outside and
so many kids are playing outside I have
a little present for her for turning 4
months old she's learning how to grasp
things but still kind of hard for her to
grasp those little things like the
little plastic rings on things so I got
her this elegant baby bunny like how
cute it is it's so precious every time
but just a minute buddy let's let baby
go first oh you like you like it that
bag you guys can't see but it looks like
there's a to fee but that come through
right there it's white and puffy
for month oh she does like it oh that's
what my gums wanted to feel mama II knew
it mama
you knew it put your little wrist her
fingers through there there now you're
ready you're all set sometimes that
seems too early into would you call me
Leslie I mean what come here I don't
know go on mr. Strummer good morning
guys
this morning was one of those kind of
mornings that I really regret not taking
out the camera as I was getting except
near a preschool she told me that a guy
what a boy was chasing her and another
girl around kind of kiss her and I was
like excuse me and I asked her what her
response was she said she ran away I
said did you tell teacher she said yes I
told his teacher but then we had a very
important conversation about when she's
a lot of kiss and that was when she got
married that she saves her lips for her
husband and she's like yeah
yeah it was really sweet I had a good
morning with her and other news
Abram and I are going to New York City
in three days we are definitely gonna
ride a taxi I think while we're down
there we're going to spend four days
together it's just him and I going it's
for the Toy Fair but
we're taking some extra days there to
just spend time together I want to do a
few things with him I want to get some
cool shots of Abram in New York City
because that is like his thing we were
gonna ride a helicopter together but
this guy hasn't decided if he wants to
do it or not it really so fun and look
at jump M&Ms we're gonna go to the mmm
store yeah and I'll get some elements
and dad will give me a nice whoa another
drone yeah in New York yeah we lost the
drone he wants me to give him another
one he said dad promise me you'll get me
a drone welcome home sis can go wiggle
paper
when you go down your swine Oh ma'am
all right so what are you doing this
evening guys Oh what do we do what do
you want to do is not floss is it miss
Foster's old floss where'd you get that
oh maybe we want sweet flowers after
dinner Tara New York yeah go to New York
City
- are they to tell you boys go to New
York see that's when you go you marked
it on the day we're leaving
why'd you do that looking forward to us
leaving back to Costa Rica and New York
sink your own talents skyscraper cool
sorry about us leaving what are you guys
gonna do well we're gonna do my um kid
we're gonna make real a Pathan Oh fun
wait how are you been counting down of
us leaving yet you like it Mikey Mikey
laughing Julia you like it Julia
mommy was living so the aim boys chase
at school time to kiss you but guess
what no but guess what happened what
Reagan said Max's in love with me in
love with you yeah forget what what do
you say he's not
what did you say though in response to
that I said okay I'm gonna tell my dad
is that really what he said
are you sure cuz you didn't tell me
until I asked well I said that good job
that is what you need to do every time
the situation happens so what do you say
when he said that what what Mac said
yeah he said he's he's not in love with
me he told you that yeah he realizes
kind of play started so early
I'm not really like he's got the
conversation line or cuz wait cricket
free Pete today
no fro-yo it's Yolo simply Yolo those
are uncle matches anyway okay guys did I
already know what's coming up for you in
April I'm Sam yes they do if you like
you guys something even cooler than New
York is happening on the same day well I
just I just now got like a notification
me and my friend Courtney and possibly
some other girls we're going to a diner
in Plano that's being transformed into
Luke's diner from Gilmore Girls all
across the nation to over 200 dinars in
the United States is being transformed
into Luke's diner for one day only and
I'm going with Tiffany yeah she just
said come on rusty whoa sis good catch
we officially have a six year old going
on 13 or 16 she's like my bestie let's
go
adorable words she can't talk that old
yet can't be happening hi how are you
what's your name Marlon it's nice to
meet you we're vlogging right now
they're in a hurry to get their yogurt
though
it's amazing to try giving it
it's no games Orchard hitting a blue one
what else you want a brownie or he was
born that may help you buddy
that many
that's good
oh you don't have to use the spoon boss
this early loan yours up tell me that's
not the most adorable yogurt you've ever
seen
Oh
because gay surgery
speaking of surgery you know how my mom
is from the Florida yesterday right well
today walking down my brother steps she
broke her foot in three places
Nana broke her foot especially sad
because she went there to help take care
of the new baby I know they're more like
taking yeah please be careful guys Abram
skinned this finger you okay man
he wants to pull it off for you wait
yeah we need to we need to surgery on
him sis come on sis let's do it do it
come up
yes they're constipated or something
we're home now
and we want to thank Carl for the yogurt
and pizza oh yeah thanks Carl
you guys one of you Aubrey sent a
package to Julia and look how adorable
and thoughtful it is here's one of the
outfits a little bunny and then I pulled
this dress out knows it oh my gosh
that's such a cute dress for fall and
then I walked away and as I was walking
away looking at it I realized there's
little bunnies hidden in the dress
that's so thoughtful and so cute I love
it
Thank You Aubrey hey tomorrow you have a
very first-ever school picture so let's
pick your outfit we could go with this
one excuse me it's not too big you just
go rehearsing she was holding it all on
her own on her changing table while ago
while I changed her diaper she does her
hair not shoot funny - whoa you will
okay cutie move it when tell the viewers
they come back tomorrow to see which
outfit I chose you come back by the end
of another day everyone is sleeping
everyone and I of course I'm staying up
late so I can catch a few moments of
mommy time your mom's out there do that
when everyone's asleep you just kind of
stay awake hang out around the house
read clean just you know little things
that you can do whenever there's no
yes around so it's time for me to do
comment of the day and I chose comment
from black sheep girl why do symphonies
eyebrows appear brown but her hair
appears blonde hmm
when Symphony was born she had dark hair
like Juliet she didn't have as much as
her but she had total black hair black
eyelashes black eyebrows everything and
her hair and her eyebrows - everything's
lightening up as she gets older but her
hair has lightened up quicker and more
anyways we'll see you tomorrow one day
closer to sanity rooms awesome trip and
my cool diner experience I'm so excited
and we will see you there don't forget
guys we love you and remember to love
each other
we're in this together
