Oh what do we have here a broom what are
those
guess pull balls sort of their bath
bombs and they're going in our swimming
pool today in this together down in
digit
yeah but not good guess so yes we have
bath bombs 500 of them and 50 boxes here
half I've been open more than half
coming over but several of you guys were
suggesting to us that we do this where
we were obviously not the first person
to do this the first precise I'll do is
with Roman Atwood he did a hundred in
the bathtub
and I think after he did that you guys
started telling us to do it in our pool
and we got 500 of them and so that's
what we're going to do today just for
the heck of it to celebrate Friday and
to celebrate the ending of swimming who
wants to help me put all over the yeah
the bath bombs in here that's good crazy
it's probably going to be a very uh not
very precocious smell in there
we're opening 500 of these oh that's
this way I found to do it it's just a
cup of album yeah
Abram look this one's called monkey fart
yes miss Benet there's another bus here
put those in they're still going strong
last box
success 500 bath bombs coming it's fun
this is a cute memory for me and I know
it will be for the kids too getting to
help this morning we did half of it last
night and we save some for the kids to
be able to help us with it's so fun like
it's so worth it to do things like this
when you can just to make a memory all
right come on buddy
okay this is the plan I want it to build
like a dam in the middle of the slide
and then build all these up and remove
the dam that I'm all going at once like
that would be the easiest way because
they're way too heavy to pick up and
throw over the edge especially all at
once that's impossible I have a tea set
up other kids going to pull when I do
this what do you guys think is it safe
for the kids I'm also curious to see if
the chlorine and the soap will have some
kind of chemical reaction and create a
mushroom cloud some sort maybe there's
bubble wrap conservatives a good dam
here it's just a little bigger would
have been perfect
this is how the dam works here
everyone's going to be right at the
bottom when they all come in right okay
it's always fun to see your plans
working out so far so good
cool what scary cool but scary you ready
for this buddy it's the moment you've
all been waiting for
look guys there they come
they sink to the bottom they're gonna
fit us up guys go get a swim around
looks silky top of the watering silky
alright guys I'm just gonna put just one
in the baby pool and see what happens oh
no watch challi
I'm coming down there now we have brown
water I thought it's going to make our
water pretty but it did the exact
opposite
was that not incredible guys that was
like probably the most amazing the
second most amazing thing I've ever seen
happen in this backyard what do you
think yeah that was pretty cool I wish I
was in there to feel it I do so Creed as
I do I'm actually exaggerating it was
cool but definitely not as cool as I
thought it would be
oh wow Lake all the glitter on top yeah
I'm just now seeing that look at them in
the box
are they fizzing in the box really crazy
their mommy is like snow cones yeah
there's no same thing okay no cones this
won't you see if they taste like it's
not coming don't get out buddy you
another bat bomb
you're all shiny nice and shiny like a
new penny my reg Superboy
your legs are bubbling yeah are you
steady or about that and I everyone
wrong that one's the coolest right okay
guys and now that that fun is over
I am party-planning I'm going to Austin
tomorrow with a big group of girls for a
bachelorette party for my best friend
Emily you guys if you've been here long
enough you've met her a couple of times
she lives out of state and when she
comes home we get together but we are
having an overnight bachelorette party
for her at a hotel in Austin it's gonna
be amazing
all right now that that's all over the
water looks pink you see the water I'll
show you in a second after I get this
grill going everything's wet out drift
through the wet out here I could get a
oh man I even lost the flame Oh
looks at dusty it's actually just like
really Lily watch the ripples meet in
the middle swatch is cool
should they come spoon and they met
I have never grilled chicken before and
it makes me actually kind of nervous
because if you don't cook it all the way
you know you summon on what do you think
look too juicy I don't know
it's really hard to know we need a meat
thermometer nice Ted really this is be a
hundred and sixty five the girls the
inside of it yeah ah should you just put
it on a little longer all right yeah oh
my god you can do both of those
he sounds gonna make and I'll just be
doing the comedy that's like a fail corn
all right here just have one bite yeah
all right guys me and Symphony are here
at Walmart to run a quick errand we're
going to start on the town
and Halloween customs I stop we can go
look at them and not buy any right right
we may not look at them today either
because Julieta I normally don't have a
craving for ice cream but lately I have
been and so I'm just gonna get two small
ones no they're for us to all share
tonight
symphonie had to stop and test out this
chairs a comfy noticing something about
Symphony I've never noticed before this
Walmart trip right here she's a
scatterbrain and me and Sam we're both
pretty scatterbrain we're both
indecisive and have a hard time making
up our minds and we're just kind of all
over the place sometimes when I thought
and she very much is like that why do
you think we're here um the only reason
I could guess this so I can get a pat
why would you get across because I love
Castro mom well but these are just
stickers Oh cranky was a matter guys
she's kind of an type-a see lately like
what she does with her lips oh she's
taking it now of course what I'm trying
to show you guys comment of the day goes
to Sydney lamb and she says what if you
don't have a Twitter I saw a lot of
comments like that saying I wish I had a
Twitter what do I do if I'm a Twitter
and I want a t-shirt as we said in
yesterday's vlogs we will be doing other
giveaways so this one is an exclusive
Twitter giveaway for those of you who
follow us here on YouTube and on Twitter
I'm sure there will be opportunities in
the future where you can win one just by
commenting below a video or maybe on
Instagram Facebook I don't know we'll
see what the future holds but anyways
we'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other hi
we're in this together
