every blankets out here because he what
it on it what did you do to your blanket
yeah am I sitting by it no he actually
diary it on and this together good
morning guys
it's been a rather rough morning at the
reader house Abram is sick I just
finished making him this sick pallet
because I don't want him throwing up in
his bed
I also don't want him throwing up on the
couches yeah baby did get a shot are you
feeling sick bud you ready get out okay
let me get you towel started here and
trickle down the stairs and all over the
floor in the rug and now it's time to
get the sick boy all cleaned up and get
him out so let's do that
somebody woke up in the process oh hi
Vic you to use everything no one you get
sick no I don't want you get sick - is
that comfortable - mommy do a good job
making you a sick pallet okay I'm
remembering a trash can over here too
Abraham's little lovey's are clean and
he's asleep I think kids are such a sad
feeling I'm thankful that I'm not sick
so that I can take care of him
I just hate it he's so sick I'm scared
that this one's going to get it or that
simple
this little girls crank duty today heard
a crank I think these little boo-boos
have something to do with it or maybe
those little gummies in there yeah what
is it what is it oh there's this week's
weather and of course you know me just
doing laundry all day are they
hashtag my life
every day is special every day has its
unique special moments that are worth
capturing and today for us it's Juliet
being almost four months old and to
document that I'm going to be shooting
with a 50 millimeter lens that comes and
this power to create canon camera lens
kit it has a portrait lens and a travel
lens inside it gives you two portable
convenient resources in one package here
we got the 50 millimeter lens that I'll
be using today this is ideal for
everyday photography but mostly it's
awesome for portraits because you get a
beautiful blur with this and it's
excellent and low-light and then we have
the wide-angle lens here this is a 10 to
18 millimeter this is ideal for travel
photography or just walk around
photography and after getting nature
landscapes or like buildings and stuff
like that
oh my beautiful nap Dameron x2 too
bright
turn on the ISO speed here yeah let's
get one between your legs
one sec sweetie we're trying to shot
here
stay there Katie Oh beautiful
Oh bless you thank you I got it here's
some of the pictures I got guys there's
this new face see how soft the
background are this is the perfect
portrait runs the 50 millimeter could
fit on any of the SLR the Canon SLRs but
this one the 10 to 18 millimeter is a EF
SS EFS lens and it only fits on the
smaller sensor SLRs which is probably
what you own which is the rebel series
and that D series and stuff like that
that is how wide it is basically get the
whole room and to get your hands on this
portrait and travel lens kit click on
the link in the description and you guys
are going to get a discount
automatically applied when you click on
the link some of the new things she's
gonna start doing within this mine are
grasping at her toys like fully grasping
not just kind of flailing it around
she's awesome
Barney how to recognize the voices from
like other rooms that's just too fussy
guys for this come out with us
hi wittle baby enjoy oh goodness
seniors tattoo guys did your summer
tattoo yet oh I didn't mean check out
matching tats in Mexico oh my gosh Dana
it's not real abran is cutting a square
out of his work it is I gave him
homework his homework is to cut out a
square Evers blankets out here because
he what it on it what did you do to your
blanket yeah sitting by it no he
actually diary it on it hi kami welcome
to the vlog you haven't been on here in
a while she did such a good job think it
or you think she actually misses you
she's probably gonna say hi how was the
game history she let her in the house
for us when it rained right did a storm
pretty bad where we're going kind
I really just like rain okay cuz only
kids toys were like blown across the
yard I thought maybe huge storm came
there I don't know how that ended up way
over there but she let Oreo inside and
or you ended up pooping on Sydney's rug
diarrhea so she ruined the rug rat take
the rug out or she took it out for us so
nice look they're watching sick think
about all these stairs that was pretty
impressive sweetie I'm gonna say it
nicely here I'll go I got outdoors
you just enjoying the outdoors hi hi
what's up there goes our little uh
what's her a query look Korean square
you equestrian equestrian right there
goes a little equestrian I'm so glad
Abraham's feeling better now like this
guy of course I do
whoa sweetie you must fell you did I
didn't mean to god one right now you
rode on two wheels I was pretty awesome
but you don't have a helmet on so don't
try to pull this kind of church where's
your helmet okay as you guys can see I
clean the backyard and why did you throw
away our favorite kiddie pool you know
it's crazy I had to these bags out here
huge one full of all the emojis blow up
stuff and the little yellow balls
people will take anything a what
alright guys ready ready read our Bible
story here trying to get the kids wound
down here but this guy's out of captain
Abram Erica can milk a gherkin he has
Captain America he has Captain America
hmm
we're gonna read our Bible story to get
these kids in bed it's been a while
since we've done this at least a week
we're trying to get back on track
starting tonight and we're taking
vacations and throwing the kids off
their schedules those everything out of
whack
including Bible study time but we'll see
you guys tomorrow don't forget and
remember diarrhea
we're in this together
