good morning Katie wearing pants today
see the trash man yeah in this together
everybody's at school when this girl's
got to go to the doctor no did you see
that happy face coming out of the house
to sneak guys not to go subdue her to
drinking and prod makes me so sad I wish
Symphony was here she looks a little
skeptical of this place yeah my good
news Sam eating a healthy balanced
breakfast one peach one carrot 1 Apple
I've been away the baby Alex eat hard
Jackie oh my goodnes gonna break it
she's only gained like two and a half
pounds since she was I I guess I was too
weak checkup and she came not a lot but
not a lot of chicken yeah they don't
tell me you two get over 24 and 3/4 whoa
- Pete yeah I think she's in such a good
mood because she senses that she's alone
with us when we got back from Mexico and
we put the kids in their own beds
because we'd all share her space for six
days she was so happy like she's a
finally quiet time with mom and dad
though starting up any solids until that
visit we'll talk about that fat with it
okay so technically you can start some
if you want on a performance of each I
would say just start with a little bit
of ice your own
human ages of deafness colonies in
Salford Festival
yeah good no no no so it's going now our
face on the same area well she has one
on this side too how she does yeah okay
I thought they all ones make of it she
didn't I think one on this side and two
on that side I didn't really like how
she came in here and just gave her shots
to her and I didn't tell us what it was
he's doing much better now Hey oh my
goodness gracious
oh she did so good
what did he like to see this angle of
Sam every time we do something that's
her angle okay she'd love to see it she
knows you're heating some daddy's week
ago handsome yeah dude good gear the
check up went really good and she will
be four months old this weekend so the
doctor said it's okay to start
introducing solids turn we started
introducing solids to the other babies
around four and five months old
so I'm going out of town this weekend
and Sam and I want to be fully prepared
for whatever comes his way with all
three kids all by himself
actually Nana's joining we're gonna do
some rice cereal for the time that I'm
away he'll be able to mix these two
together and feed Juliet once or twice a
day just a little bit of rice cereal mix
up kind of like oatmeal but when I'm
with her I'll be mixing my breast milk
pump a little bit and give her some
breakfast with the other kids it is so
cute hi everyone how's club buddy good
good it looks like next week you're
going on a bear hunt hey you're going on
a bear hunt on Thursday what is it
squares yeah thank you are you trying to
call me a square you'd love to go on
bear hunts don't you what'd you learn
about bee bees did you really would you
learn about bees Cuddy you call it a
bumble bee
oh and let her be oh cool dude mommy who
wants juice were you nice to your
friends today yeah we're your friends
nice to you yeah did anybody hit no
nobody nobody hit today oh that's so
kind
hi mom y'all camera whoa why does she
bark at me we say hi to you like you're
coming at me with that I was just
waiting oh hi Stephanie
hey how's go sweetie I sure
I'm just doing something I'm gonna be yo
you so beautiful here fugly have any
white space we use Ziploc bags the whole
time in Mexico good see dirty cute girl
what he's doing Italy job hi guys turned
aside
oh yeah he now can sometimes family
the girls are inside Tecna guys are
outside what's up guys I might hear what
might be my and I was just perfect
timing
yeah beau Jeff does disappear on us cuz
we start to get a little bit personal
and it makes him uncomfortable that what
it was
uh-huh choked on a piece of meat Oh
rainy stakeout here he just gonna join
right I hear the art yeah just reflux
Mike he cooked us some steak here but
we're talking about heart idols here's
the list of heart idols you guys can
pause the video if you want to see which
one which hurt Idol you have Dasom just
joking through the phone basic a joke
what really the fan basic a joke same
basic or does you're confused about what
do you call a player BAM a polar bear
with what way there what do you call a
poor boy polar bear wearing earmuffs you
didn't read the rest of it oh no what do
you call it oh that's yeah that's upside
down it's probably why you couldn't read
oh the answer anything you want you
can't hear you of a knee-slapper close
cook cupcakes quickly you're supposed to
say it fast a tongue twister say this
fast three times say fast three times
good dicks good cupcakes quickly good
skin cupcakes cookies bastard
in a speech class in college you had to
learn a tongue twister
and so being kind of the goofy question
is already the craziest one they had
yeah until East I know it's all the guys
names Esau so they're like this you saw
would Saad would maybe you saw would
first lesson you saw would saw me yes I
would
what's our oh the look of the wood saw
one day is always aa solid and no one
ever saw whatever saw what's always of
all the wood sauce whatever sauce I
would know I don't what's up what's up
we like it what's always always alright
good job with I thought he saw some
we're still going burn I've done that no
Virginia word where she can bend one
hand side rocking his sister Bernie bit
our baby say that five times fast
Bernie bit our babies so Mike see later
burgundy hugs yeah we are home welcome
home everybody captain Dave America it's
nice to have you back with us
ah got her Dave already is out Nia's
been taking care of the baby for me I
mean like in the car suit taking it in
and out of the car because I really hurt
my back today I don't know what I did I
pulled a muscle or something but it's
bad you ready for your surprise go your
room good
okay mmm cool so dick your sister that's
why I picked it goodnight big thank you
like you're a ver their advocate rich
you're not a big kid dude yeah oh you're
just a little kid
let your baby toy Yonex okay whatever
oh I have one more thing for you burping
nice - Cissy stay sane the roads like
again get over here dude let's put your
pants on you have matching hats sis he
gets the pink one and you'll get the
blue one Apple one but she said blue
make a family about it
it's the big color that really to see my
bagel it's it's personal
ya wanna wear to school yeah where are
you pulling only surprise out from
you're just making them up as you go
yeah yeah I'm doing a good job back I
can fit in my Jimmy yeah sure yeah
hiccups yeah I love it
Jimmy's been willing to attack swipe you
could do it one time sly chip say daddy
hey mom
say yeah well really honey get me cares
eat your competition dad dad there you
go
alright guys hope you had a wonderful
day me and I certainly had a great day
together we had some alone time this
morning is awesome - tonight we talked
about heart idols
what was your heart I oh I think I came
to the conclusion that my heart idol is
like a relationship Idol like if things
are off between like me you or me and a
friend or even all the kids then I'm
just kind of like mom - our world is
killing just like crumbling yes like a
relationship Idol I like things to be
smooth with the people I love I can see
that my heart idol I've known this for a
while as approval seeking others
approval but I did learn that I also
seek to not the approval but also have a
heart idol of wanting of I guess finding
value and my kids needing me and I might
find too much value in that I should be
finding that in Christ and ah yeah we'd
love to hear what you guys think your
heart I don't listen let's get some
conversations going down there but
meantime we'll see you tomorrow God
willing don't forget we love you
remember to love each other
we're in this together
