hmm gonna eat you my brother you are my
sister made by the same guy nobody say
not to live mum
to give
Oh
in this together welcome home home
Juliet Sheldon I got the new camera mill
yet so I'm using my phone for right now
it should be arriving today he is
getting ready to go to lunch with he was
still in bed 11 a.m. today
around 12:00 yeah he's still sick he has
long to wake him up with me so happen
with the GoPro was I had it in the
stroller that was sitting outside our
room downstairs so I went to
lost-and-found to go see if somebody had
found it or had fallen out or something
and sure enough somebody did take it out
of the stroller and it wasn't another
guest of the resort is actually the
security this carry took it out to
protect it from being stolen because as
they said when they see something of
value outside the room they take it so
they gave me back the camera which was
very cool but then I got back to the
room and the SD card was gone we lost
all the footage but they denied that
they ever took vasty card out
it's beautiful day today though a lot of
boxes here guys what's going on here
I
okay okay
that's crazy way to wake up oh my god
that was crazy dude okay
they wanna think you're out of underwear
dude scaredy let's do these since you
gotta go commando nah you know what
eggies okay what do you want to do a
movie how about we put your tree house
how about we don't thank us yeah how
about we play a play-doh yes he'll pick
out daddy like that pull it out oh look
who's right here oh oh come on oh this
is her ice cream cone maker yeah so this
is be hard to help you how I said when
you ice cream cone
I'm making did she's not here yet I'm
sure when she gets home yeah
my buddy hey get it or yo you glad we're
home baby watch this okay
I got a senator when he gets bathed and
stuff you go pee I'm gonna go right
there all right whatever put in the
grass dude that dog is so scary so silly
she's excited we're home Betty we got a
camera welcome back guys we've really
missed you
it is not the same without the fan basic
here in the Raider house through the g7x
it's just not the same so you and a
family we're going to go to Costco every
got some new additions to his room
everyone showing what you got what you
get man a pillow new curtain I got on
this little satchel here just for
decoration purposes only no I did I did
oh you guys it is so funny that
yesterday we were in Mexico sweating our
butts off and today it's all cold and
fall and I've got my little fuzzy
sweater on a lot fall weather I was
super excited to go have a little
extension of summer in Mexico and come
back like full-blown fall which is
always bad I
so guys today symphonies first day back
at school was Johnny Appleseed a hence
the plaid tell me some of the things you
guys did like what we can learn how to
make our real how you needed cinnamon
that was all you need to make it no
water in a cup okay this is isolated hit
me in the guy we haven't been to Costco
in a very very long time our
refrigerator is looking bare and our
pantry is looking like it just needs to
be cleaned out such organized from empty
boxes Jack Givens oh I have some serious
shopping to be done some use for some
reason wearing high heels for
Churchill's oh is she staring at you my
god her saying she's doing
thank you Costco's in the Christmas
spirit symphony ready for Christmas so I
know I am
that's exciting she knows all makes me
happy so great oh yeah that's nice we're
actually one in one of these four living
room oh yeah I think that looks good I'm
gonna get it he'll be over $100 I don't
know if one spend over 100 bucks I'm
mainly here to get some vegetables and
fruits because I want to get back on my
healthy eating diet
I know needs back there rolling her eyes
but it's true I want to go for it again
give it another try
it's because we've been traveling so
much it just gave up on it some of these
cucumbers we go over some spinach whoops
sorry buddy
Juliette likes how it feels in here
carrots just a peek into some of the
things we keep on the regular at the
salmon Nia Casa where did you see it
this little boy today at LAN she was
like I don't like these and I keep
telling my mom she doesn't listen right
here I was like I bet she listens about
he should probably go in Judaism what do
you do with that $200 teddy bear oh yeah
awesome look let's get one out of here
thanks hey what are you doing this thing
you eat you
Oh
I'm gonna have a picnic on the rail
welcome we're eating at roses and Nia's
nursing and the kids are coming up yeah
get out from there oh wow that's gonna
be perfect on your tortillas yeah you
see them wash them I get records on my
fingers yes at least all that's good
just gonna like eat crazy things let's
go see the girl holding the sunrise you
want cheese on it no you want hot sauce
No
we are here I need a cilantro
we just can't get enough of Mexico haha
exactly we're gonna eat that much
Mexican through their resilience in one
night the last night we were pussy a
Mediterranean food happy for that way
Japanese but we did that Mexican sauce
Arizona's a little happy food dance till
he ascends even having a little
discussion about school today we saw at
much and that a boy had a bag full of
mud and bugs yeah it was just cussing
you've heard it in his lunchbox
the rain believe me we're in a bubble
right now and the only thing that looks
to it is the stock market but if you
raise interest rates even a little bit
that's going to come crashing down no
butter Kalitta keep Mia brilliant
amazing and it just seems to me that
this is something that the American
people just want to see and I have no
reason to believe that alright guys
we're going to finish this debate we
will see you tomorrow it's good to be
back and it's good to have you know back
I was talking about could be back on the
blog but it feels good to be back at
home to the weather out there guys was
as horrendous I hated to be outside like
the moment outside you just get drenched
and sweat like I come back to the room
right after taking a shower and I'm
stinking but what Saavik said we do have
something a little coming up with me and
Abram just mean Abram that you guys
should be on the lookout for but we will
see you guys tomorrow don't forget
and remember each other
but in this together
