Oh baby it's you ready go home and see
mom in the girls there you go okay one
of the moms just looked at me like
really it was in baby mode right now
Symphony taught her a new word today say
good morning guys Juliet's down for her
nap and I'm trying to get a hold of
someone from Apple at Northpark Mall to
see if I can bring my phone in today to
get it sick I know there's a couple
local repair shops but I know also that
once they get into your phone it's no
longer under warranty and you can't take
it back to Apple they won't touch it
anymore after that so it's like well
don't risk it and let them fix it I
don't know oh hey good morning guys let
me see their eyes are still fuzzy from
waking up so yes I went to the
lumberyard and I forgot some very
important things that finishes ports
which is flashing for the end of it
can't put down the boards and tell you a
flash between the house and things only
a couple other things yeah we are going
home today as well so I gotta get
started early and get this things going
I just want to see the top of the porch
on before I go home everyone got a
little crossbow there it is I found it
forma but don't the things kids latch on
to you know all the things I buy him all
the things I give him and stuff does not
carry him around like he does certain
things like this crossbow and I found
laying a pile of junk at the dump he
just loves it absolutely loved it guys I
may not be doing anything with my phone
which could be a blessing in some ways
because daddy is coming home today but I
think Juliet is sick I may be taking her
to the doctor you guys see her I
something's going on with it
she's how cute she needs pointing to her
it looks kind of like pinkeye but it
could be allergies baby it's mold
Bhoomi issues the same it's just by
looking at perks of having a nurse but I
think I'm gonna take her temperature
here's the deal I have this one and I
don't know how to use it so you can look
at it and play with it while I use this
one I need you to go just for a minute
come from just for a minute
yes poor process angel I'm so sorry
of course I called during their lunch
hours because it's 12:15 so I'm gonna
give Juliette's new children's motrin
just to bring that video what a cute
butt you have at the cute bite
except for me we got a delivery bud
it's got a lot of cinder blocks here I
don't even know how much I need I have a
feeling it's going to be more than that
I want enough to start with that's a
whole pallet there's 106 of them right
there and that is for the addition I'm
gonna add right here on the end of the
house which is gonna be half of the
master bedroom well guys I just bought a
second planer because I'm really ready
to get the board so on top of this deck
and the planer I'm a lot of the joists
are bowed like this so it's making the
board stick up and the perfection it in
me it's trying to remedy that with this
planer and of course I ran over it as
you guys saw so here I am just did my
precious time here in Oklahoma trying to
fix a brand new tool let's get back to
work
it's mr. Joe here waterproofing the
edges of these cut boards the ingrain
has its exposed to water so all right
you see that campers to everybody we
need to protect the beam from getting
water inside of it so we're using this
tape flashing and I need you to help me
smooth it out see it's silver on this
side on this side black it put it down
there like this push that against the
wall there you go oh sorry push that up
against there Robert or else make it
real smooth can you do the next one for
me too oh yes hope thanks pal it's
silver
here comes move it out buddy boy
remember you got push it in the corner
first the walls come in second so push
it in the corner and then push it on the
wall try that side pushing the corner
real tight there you go now put it on
the wall nice now when that rains the
water won't get inside of the water and
make it rot it'll come down the edges
and fall off and there we have it that's
gonna protect the the crease and those
beams from rotting because it's so tight
water will get trapped in there now
water can't get trapped in there next I
got to put flashing on the edge to
protect that gap and then after that's
finally time to put the board's on
we're getting ready for young Chefs
Academy
I will be right in the parking lot
waiting for you sitting with Jules I
love you there goes our little chef
I usually go and wait in the room with
Juliet and one of the moms just looked
at me like really goodness me and drop
your kid off and go but she has a fever
I can't take her in there without
there's so many little kids that play in
the waiting area so we're gonna wait in
the car and hang out and if she gets
bicycling and I'll just have to unbuckle
her and play with her back there so yeah
baby I'm ready to go I am just ready my
hands kept taking in work ready for a
break there all the band-aids we have
these itty bitty guys
this is our welcome sign to the new
porch Abram drew it can you guys guess
who everybody is you probably won't so
I'll just tell you that right there's me
of course he always makes me the biggest
which is so adorable that right there is
actually Joe that's Abram that's juju
that's mommy
that's symphony that's Juliette put John
juju on there so cute well someone had a
little accident had not changed her
outfit yet for the day so I had to go
inside and change her so bad being
inside I think I'll just walk around
outside with her for a little bit till
it's time to go back in class I know I
need to wipe her nose guys it's just oh
man
you mama's understand it I only have so
many hands easily check out this messy
bun I've never done one where most of
her hair was up like that no baby no
that's Ryan run around go play get me
forty hair and to me pin to me yay
Symphony taught her a new word today say
eight times but most of the time sweet
sugars fractious body I just love her so
much same with the other kids I'm
nauseous these little people hold so
many things that are special and
meaningful and it's just such a
wonderful thing to be a mom hard as it
is and as time-consuming and challenging
as it can be it is just overwhelmingly
such a blessing and just so wonderful
it's like marvelous and way think about
it what are you and go see those doggies
say hi doggie
a little dog on the side and she started
barking at it yes oh my goodness they
have so many treats in there for dogs we
had to sneak back in they made grilled
cheeses she looks like she loves it
so as you can see we weren't able to
finish the deck or even barely get
started we just got the trim on almost
all the trim there goes Joe see Joe you
saw brother it's crazy when you do
everything right how long it takes to
get it done trying to do everything that
it suggested with building rapport the
flashing the taste the sealing of the
end everything the tram the the
hangovers and it's just taking so long
so I didn't get the deck done the frame
is done but I got a late down we're
gonna do that problem in a couple weeks
I'm gonna take a week off as I'm
exhausted I'm cleaning up early we get
out of here and head home pay for
drawing guys I'm having so much fun out
here
you ready get out of here man
it was in baby mode right now can you
help me sure what happened in baby mode
she would how to do burr band-aids
got a wrap tape around my fingers which
can't come back without band-aids okay
don't let me forget this is where I have
to detach myself from this place guys
that's one of the problems me and I are
having right now as far as the distance
between us it's me being unable to
detach myself from this project and the
detached from here put my mindset here
all right I'm in family mode can't wait
to see the girls okay I just can't wait
okay buddy why are you crying
no sure love my boy I sure love my
little guy even though he's act like a
little baby here to go home and see mom
in the girl says we gotta get some big
hugs and kisses right it's been five
days
yeah let's do this let's go home and
give those girls some kisses mommy's
having car trouble again poor girl into
a lot I guess that's number a new car
for her see about that you know when we
get home maybe give mommy a new car I
don't know you know I just get everybody
a new car okay guys so well his name is
in her cooking class
I let Juliet walk around outside as you
guys saw and I stumbled across a floral
shop and look what I got
fresh half dozen roses with greenery and
like dirty-looking
I mean it's so cute I'm gonna replace my
Christmas arrangement with this but
first I need water
so you totally did
beautiful beautiful band-aids oh they're
so clean it's just so beautiful
what we're two band-aids for the metal
flashing cut bone for the drill blister
one more bandage for you I thought you
had a boo-boo
why did you need bandy you're asking for
band-aids all day Kevin father booboo
find a boo-boo and put it all okay
it's that good no it's okay just use it
like that it'll still stick all right
guys we got some catching up to do so
without further ado don't forget we love
you we love each other
