Juliet oh good huh
good morning guys we slept in so we're
having these pretzel crackers for
breakfast such a bummer they stopped
serving breakfast at ten o'clock our
family usually gets up around ten
o'clock in Abram is finally eating them
for the first time actually feeling poor
bless you oh that's pretty good coffee
here which is cool thankful for that the
most peculiar thing has happened guys I
ended up with Justin's passport and I
cannot find mine it was tucked away
right here in my bag where I put my
passport and I'm just so confused how
this could have happened like it makes
no sense to me
I just looked texted him see if he has
mine but it's just so strange just
figured out what probably happened
we both gave our passports to the front
desk here at the hotel and they gave me
his and they gave mine to him what a
horrible mistake to make you know why
did you work travelling together yeah
what a little traveling together
somebody would shut up at another
airport with my passport
who the heck is this guy
man that would have been horrible
Sam attack venison in a minute get a
minute usually their eyes use your laser
eyes
Julia snapping so we stopped at this
pool again
the first part of the day at the beach I
gotta say guys the beach with kids is
not that much fun
we're back from our day out at the beach
and then the pole and guys I got
peripherally sunburned thanks can you
guys see that tan lines yeah we see yeah
bad it's horrible I don't know what
happened I even put sunscreen on but I
guess I didn't really reach my back that
well it hurts pretty bad already they
believe it back in our room for like an
hour maybe
so symphonies been doing her homework
we're headed to a shopping center in
this resort it is so cool I got a little
peek at it earlier there were all these
different little shops a coffee shop a
crepe shop all the crimes you can beat
Sam likes crepes and we're gonna have
dinner with our friends and I think a
burger place or maybe a taco place
somehow there's two different ones there
that we saw oh and I want to check out
this fall maybe make some reservations
for me and the girls okay
Saturday I don't know we'll see
records question he's so excited are you
gonna write them I get the ride with the
printed okay where you gonna sit I'm
gonna sit over here Juliet you should
also like baymax
I'm going to Disney
see you later pal
bye all right
oh I won three points on two points
there we go now we got some light
you win
Mexicans keyboards
everyone's got a fan of Bounce how
humans ride the carousel hey got c4
Stephanie again it just keeps hanging
himself he's so excited all right it's
excited about carousels like slapping
his face but he's gonna bounce
okay this is own little person I think
Sam wants him to be like exactly like
him we have to just give you something
I had to deal with
what do you guys do everybody's sick
from the ride Juliet's happy hour the
kids are taken aback oh you like this
ding ding ding ding
we're back at the hotel now guys getting
ready to wind down for the night bedtime
here is like 11 p.m. instead of 8 p.m.
like it is at home and so comment of the
day kind of ties in with what I was
talking to you guys about at the
Carousel
it comes from KJ morons NOx is a carbon
copy of his dad so cute and so since I
was just talking about it earlier he may
look like a carbon copy but he is his
own little person a mix of both his
mommy and his daddy we have like desires
I think for our kids to like and do and
say and just kind of be the person that
we are I know for me it was kind of hard
to accept when I started seeing traits
and Symphony that were more like Sam or
more like Sam's sister than me not that
I don't like those traits but I would
just thought that my daughter would be
more like me like in the silly
Department or in the ladylike Department
of and you know Abram has kind of a
fearful side of him that Sam has not
quite been able to embrace all the way
and I just think as parents we have to
learn to embrace so God made our kids
and just learn how to cultivate the best
the best in them because that's who they
are we just have to make the best of it
and raise great little humans who love
Jesus and love others right you know not
focus so much on the things that we
didn't quite want so that's my little
spiel for tonight the rest of the group
is going on an excursion to another park
outside of our resort and we really
wanted to go but honestly guys we just
feel like we're kind of wearing
ourselves out trying to do and keep up
with everything especially with Juliet
should get so hot she can't go in the
water as frequently and cool off like we
can and so we're just going to hang out
at the resort maybe go shopping go to
the pool probably skip the beach
tomorrow unless we go into any time but
anyways we'll see you there don't forget
guys we love you and remember to love
each other
we're in this together
