can you say good morning to fan basic in
Spanish where no we're not - I know what
it is yet
Juanes dias amigos or buenos dias fun
basic I don't know safe at basic in
Spanish welcome to a beautiful morning
in Mexico oh man
the bird will say good morning to you
guys as well
you and daddy I need to tell you
something watch out because anywhere you
go there might be a peacock or monkey in
a tree
Julian is working on the morning nap
honey
when lzf me fellow familia de Cicco just
want to warn you guys this is happening
- that'd be pretty soon after breakfast
guys my muscle man is back we're headed
to breakfast at La Plaza buffet like
Phoebe Buffay just the sounds alone or
gorgeous oh my goodness look sissy
hey crew hey guys the weights are here
this is a the second portion of our
traveling extravaganza so guys I did a
horrible job at formally introducing our
travelling cruise so we have the jouster
family downstairs say hi bow and show
were so helpful yesterday when Sanford
on his passport and I was just too
stressed out the blog about it so thank
you guys for the help yesterday I didn't
really get to formally thank you or
introduce you on the vlog but you guys
rocked and the Wade family Angela must
be with Luke somewhere look at their
tails hey guys what you're looking for
why do they put the tail straight up in
the air but why do you think is that a
way for them to like test the wind
direction I think they're testing the
wind direction with their tails like all
these cotys hi guys put your little
babies don't look at all these everyone
you see him buddy we made it to our
first poll of the day without the ladies
just Bo and I with the kids weren't
there reserves
transportation back to the airport
outside and warm
well looks like though bouncing ball out
of her bowls way down there I got a jump
over this five foot ledge don't wants me
to risk my life for symphonies ball
jumpin Tony all right guys now Sam is
going to risk life and limb to save
symphonies ball here we go oh gosh
you're a real Bear Grylls you survived
my goodness look at the baby
she's a candy cane we gotta get her in
the water let's go to pool I found a
ball for you man yeah it's a ball
why what I thought is any pool look what
we happened upon my goodness where'd he
go we have a little reptile friend here
at this awesome kiddie area we just
found we went to the pool that Symphony
and I were at four hours yesterday and
we got kicked out because we have yellow
bracelets and you have to have a green
bracelet to go in there so I guess are
we gonna hang out in here yes in here hi
you guys coming
no do you have dental floss
yeah sipping is to pick something $9 for
dental price I told Stephanie since you
did such a great job filling my shoes
when I left my passport on that she
could pick out something nice pretty
cool maybe maybe I'll get you that oh
this smokes oh wow I actually did a
pastel painting of a swan look at that
thing
excuse us what is that thing what in the
world are we looking at looks like a
squirrel and a little pig mixed into one
animal
you shouldn't have to do any work with
$9 floss thank you you don't have a card
okay buddy Oh April came running through
here and he stepped on something sharp
so I started patting my hand around and
got my hand riding to the thorn so now
we both have us whole I won on my palm
and he has one on his foot and we're
both just like scratching it like crazy
it's just so bad
your turn the profile kidding this is
the gift Symphony chose what do you get
what's your name Savannah little survey
Savannah jackal rain we're gonna have to
carry the welcome to the Deaf world yeah
whenever it comes out we'll just cut it
back not crazy
hmm
we're finally headed to the beach super
excited you guys are gonna love this I
got a little peek at it earlier
yeah there's a wedding going on look at
them boardwalk craziness which way do
you want to go Bret's
taking my breath is literally like just
like drops off right here no world this
is amazing
whoa how's it feel good
already yeah blisters Oh peanuts pops
Sam what's going on here dude was
nothing to go her Symphony we made some
friends at the beach this is Ron hey Ron
and his new bride Cheyenne oh this thing
is sick she just came up to me and said
me give you this big sweet hug it was so
sweet we've been talking for a long time
no I don't think so she said you had and
watch logs around the honeymoon no
seeing that there's like nothing I can
do your fingernails like so strange it
almost looks like your nails are painted
only gonna have to go back early before
our dinner reservations
he doesn't have pants so do you guys see
symphony and Sam she's on his shoulders
this guca we just did a little photo
shoot in the sand she got a little bit
on your mouth yeah he did you see did
her shirt says beach babe hold it like
this
and wash your hands we're doing for
dinner Japanese restaurant
which is that Japanese
learning how to use chopsticks head he
has like that rice right there trypsin
chicken
ah who's eating that the shell shows
that yours
angels eating that oh my gosh everything
like that octopus scared of you got it
Oh
hi mo where is he
I am about to put this in my mouth
sorry sorry I can't do it oh did you
hate it Osho deepen it he's gonna get up
I playing really cute outfits from when
we go to the beach and we're going to
beach tomorrow and so this is the middle
scheme of our outfits turquoise and
white and stripes no she got a little
burn today it looks like oh no baby did
you get some bone oh you know so you
have to come back tomorrow and see all
this fun stuff we're going to experience
we'll see you there don't forget guys we
love you and remember to love each other
big beards like had an ouch
we're in this together
