oh she just pooped on the towel and this
together
morning guys we're taking care of a
little situation in here
Tiffany 4d leather couch already guys
already sandy sat down on the couch this
morning with a black shawl and when she
got up it was all black all right you
know the wd-40 is working though mom and
dad are here hey mom and dad hey yeah
the thing is the scenes and like even
that little button area right there
but this parts like in a little better
and unfortunately rooms to go was no
help zero help whatsoever even though
the couch is only like two days old it
was really annoying that they were so
unhelpful it looks like that out
somewhat it's a lot better than it was
can you guys even tell that there was
black ink in there compare the two
cushions I had no idea this was an issue
above the couches wearing clothes
getting ink on it we're really weird but
guys check it out five more minutes till
the GoPro keynote I'm so excited to do
an announcement of their new drone maybe
a new camera
they haven't had a new product out in
the long time I've been so excited about
announcement at any point ever that is
really good at like building it up
building the anticipation they showed
some shots with our drone in a library
kind of indicating it's quiet and picked
up sound so I'm super excited I'm just
sitting here waiting for it for minutes
I need everybody just to leave me alone
for about an hour okay and then you can
just go in for me yeah
really Abram Quatro action but it's no
excited Nick Woodman guy's a CEO welcome
for GoPros 2016 watch a man
yeah whoa exports seven languages
English French at times you can talk to
the GoPro now stay not the hero five you
could talk to you watch this
laters guys is karma
Sydney blind buddy from that black girl
outside mama better incredible here baby
Sapna car ladybug oh just some case you
show me I wash it off the ground
but you're scared of ladybugs even doing
that state of ladybugs don't like
underneath not scared pebbles are you
Charisse it keeps going on cows don't
eat it she never says I'm like what was
it body no I wasn't God had nothing
doing that she never something like
Priscilla but dots for short
Kip was really sick a fly away at any
moment Priscilla look boys the late
birth they get for you it makes noises
here we got to take this out
do you like it
so I'm mom's here had a perfect time I
just got this little item in the mail it
took a lot longer than I expected in
fact I forgot I even ordered it but
there is the biggest Walter cushion in
the world I want to get my mom I want to
get our so bad so I learned when I got
David that you're not supposed to
inflate them all the way because if you
played them all the way makes them too
tight in the pop so I'm trying not to
whoa
well mom on my treadmill at the pistil
therapy also at 60% of my weight well
good job we're gonna do a video each
time that's awesome
do you know your Nana Julie is she small
when she saw me her hair bows around
here goes
opportunity oh she loves her Nana
Tiffany come here I want you to have a
seat I asked for price for you but you
got us today I said oh man I miss my mom
so stupid I like I put it halfway her
but everything was working out perfectly
that's a big one session isn't it
do you like my toes I used my birthday
nail polish I got today went got my
nails done
oh say we're gonna bleep that out they
don't know what we're doing yet so guys
tomorrow is on the really big plan and
an evidence of that I have stacks of
clothes behind me for five people what
could we be doing that would involve
stacks and stacks of clothes
what is this you might ask one two three
for more evidence right back there on
the bed what's going on why do we need
four suitcases why don't need all these
clothes thrown all over the house love
girl that's what it looks like on
laundry day - bye seriously huh tomorrow
is a big day we're so excited you're
just a little travel bug aren't you ah
tell me tell me about that I got her
some teething tablets and I've just been
kind of afraid to give them to her this
little I feel like four months old is
when everything started with the other
kids you know it's when I very first
gave them any kind of introduction to
solid food or puffs or a CD tablet even
four months olds kind of early four
puffs but I did give them to Abram can
anybody guess what we're having for
dinner
hey eggy the favorite
there too so be right now hitting the
spot would you have forgetting Juliet
huh - probably
daddy what's your high point what you're
now what your high low my high point
let's go
I know Wow
how's that yes that was my high point
the GoPro announcement and then new
drone what your heart point
I don't know was your high point Thomas
seen Bebo and banana both in the same
day yeah hey hey good day yeah birthday
what did you do mmm Oh Ju the NAPLAN
data do ya you're really gonna have it
today working at Symphony school today
that was pretty cute and fun lion Giulio
type went when can you go into the nail
salon with mommy for the first time you
guys can check it out on my Instagram
here girl 9 baby just had her first
teething tablet we have had a rough
night tonight guys lots of tears and
screams and heartbreak so we're getting
ready to do bath time we're putting a
hold on packing because this baby is so
fuzzy it's really sad guys she's such a
happy and content baby that when she's
sad it's like extra sad
just so heartbreaking to see her hurting
and sad and cranky and sleepy it's like
she wanted to take a nap several times
to see me and she couldn't look it is
baby this is a new thing she's been
sucking her tongue and trying to eat her
all of her fingers and hand anything to
just make those gums feel better yeah
it's so cute that she went from
screaming and very angry and then all of
a sudden she got calm and started
smiling and laughing at me it was crazy
at night she had a little mood swing did
she have cheese a little bitty mood
swing
it was crazy oh she just pooped on the
towel I didn't put her in the bathtub
yet rose
well - do you see she looking at my
abundance let's go see what Abraham's
doin he's making noises in his room
what are you doing
huh
No what are you doing you can with this
you're kicking it what are you doing
what are you just doing that you gotta
go to sleep buddy we're gonna get on an
airplane in the morning man okay I love
you tonight it's my favorite time back
in that time we always know Juliet's
cranky and she takes about she's gonna
be happy for a little while tomorrow
when you see me I'll be somewhere else
I'll be somewhere else with my passport
in my hand
bye guys don't forget we have you and
remember to not each other
we're in this together
