you ready to see your bed yeah wait wait
what miss together good morning guys
symphonies playing let's go fishing
Juliet's just hanging out and Abram is
sleeping in again I have noticed every
Friday the last two weeks he's sleeping
in like crazy when he doesn't have
school so we're just letting sleep our
new furniture is on the way but before
they get here I want to show you guys
some stuff so I'm getting ready to make
a decoration for Abraham's birthday
party I'm being very minimalist about
his party not a ton of decorations I'm
just going to have one little area and
for that area I need something to sit up
next to the cake that says his name or
happy birthday or something like that so
I'm using graphics calm it is this
awesome website where they have
thousands and thousands of downloadable
printables and you can just choose from
so many different themes photos cartoon
drawings it's really cool okay guys so I
want to find some party balloons I think
that's what I have in my mind this
website has over 300,000 images to
choose from and you guys by getting a
7-day free trial you could download 140
images during that seven day free trial
so I was thinking something like this
where I write Abram in each balloon yeah
this one I love this one this looks more
like Daniel Tiger style like the
neighborhood and they have all the cute
bright colors so I'm going to download
this but can be so cute for his party I
love it okay now for me to write in his
name
I really like how it turned out what do
you guys think and now on to the next
step of party planning which I have no
clue what that's going to be kind of
stressed out about it honestly but thank
you to graphic stock for sponsoring
today's video and for all of my fellow
crafters out there you guys gotta go
check out graphics dot-com there will be
a link in the description as I said
earlier for a 7 day free trial
when you sign up everything is 100%
royalty free which means you have total
freedom to do and craft with these
images however you want
and here comes out you guys guys Sam may
at home he's taken apart the crib and
somehow Abram is still somewhat
relatively clueless Symphony's bringing
out new pillows for me go get some more
you got a little yellow accent I don't
why do you look so good I love it
oh your crib yeah is that what that was
what do you think about that
I know another you think you're gonna
get a new crib yeah or maybe a big-boy
bed yeah cuz your birthday is tomorrow
no peeking close your eyes that go to
the party surprise I'm picking up a
piece but PP total span so surprise you
can't be less they go buddy
haha oh no bad oh hey you're not
supposed to know that yet hottie I got
her as you guys see we found the fishing
poles I got her I would a baby vision
thank you
dream it
chocolate cover mango he has one what it
doesn't match does anybody want this
recliner Oh makes it look really ugly by
the couches but it's really not that was
just maybe it is not material just like
wears out fast what do you guys think so
bright in here man I love it
look how beautiful it looks that's stuck
in your teeth okay I'm hoping we can at
least keep the couches clean for a week
but already keep it going outside coming
in and walking over the couch it's like
whatever
no that's all we got leather is the
biggest reason hey you ready to see your
bed yeah wait wait
what so you're so viewers unfortunately
I won't be able to show you the room
just yet because it's not done but he
has to see it today yeah Betty oh I want
to show you guys room when it's complete
simply Hey all right you ready yeah
all right stand back you go come on
I really am sorry guys but we just don't
want to reveal the tell it's all done
let me just say everyone is loving it
man he loves it so much so happy for him
so what did you get Leah for everything
you got our mattress feather mattress I
gotta get in social mode hold on to it
but I guess I will sometimes just got
dude you gotta do for the kids
Tiffany's dressed for a birthday party
yeah girl such a great hour to have a
birthday party no six o'clock happy
birthday yeah there's the birthday girl
right there she is
you are baby that man sipping a he want
you to work
hey look it's Heath again he's gonna
actually hung out this morning hi hey
man you were just talking about not
being on the vlog he was he was just
telling me that he hasn't been on the
vlog in a while so here he goes come on
go down the slide he do it that's what I
want to do you're right it was less
three corners yes this will be his the
first time here result of law we went
down a slide together in advance and now
the last time he's on the vlog he's
going down a slide again here he goes oh
wow oh man so much how was it
I don't think this is a thing the only
wearing dress listening but while you're
in a dress yeah is that a good idea
looks like the birthday girl is the
queen of the spiderweb whoa
Chris is right there man
now you want to spin on that one do the
school talk to people ever you're giving
me FOMO I have FOMO right now guys fear
of missing out do you guys ever get that
Abram I don't want you to grow up buddy
but one thing I am looking forward to is
you learning to swing yourself
you got to turn the thoughts around you
know every thankful for these types of
things I'm thankful for you buddy
I'm thankful that I'm your daddy I'm
thankful that you want me push you I'm
thankful that I'm able to push you I'm
thankful that you're able for me to push
you
I'm thankful that you're so happy now
I'm thankful that we get to be together
there's a big rock beyond them trees as
a very peculiar we'll see what's about
oh wow thing is awesome
we got a kid Jam over here while
symphony you're brave getting up there I
didn't think you'd get up there looks
like you're in first place over France
simply can't get up let me help you on a
living is by reversing the little kid
gonna get out from right there who saw
me swing off the branch once yeah like
it used to be really bindi before it I
could show you the whole place first
medical scissors that's in case I have
to cut God's it's not to do surgery I
don't know to do that
man I'm the same with you I think I said
little cameras
I love recording hey you're dying
because you don't have any blood boom
save yourself and you and me okay me
wrong friend I didn't let them get hurt
I was like are they reason right here
it's going to know like these guys are
hilarious I just want to keep talking to
me little nice talk to you guys nice
kids
alright abran this is your time you can
do this you got to believe in yourself
trust that you are strong enough man you
can do it say I can do it say I can do
it say I can do it no I'm not going yeah
go on my lap this time third time you
got to do it he's getting on ties a lot
there you go oh now you want to go Thank
You Titus you got him started good job
bud you good good
see if we get Juliette to sit up can you
hold yourself up well
gotcha he almost did it he almost did it
can you do it
say I could do
see I can do it you had to choose your
ability to support yourself here we go
she's doing it Wow okay well guys I
didn't get very much progress made for
the party planning today because we
focused more on Abraham's bedroom and we
had a birthday party to go to so
tomorrow morning I'll wake up and do
quite a bit more although like I said
I'm keeping it pretty minimal I just
have to get the party favors ready get
the balloons blown up and the cake will
be here tomorrow
hopefully it's delicious I'm excited
about it so make sure you come back over
tomorrow hanging out all this for
Abraham's birthday party it is going to
be a total blast don't forget guys we
love you and remember to love each other
but in this together
