you're playing for us tonight my friends
I have some video time
then we play a game
then we're gonna have crafts I'm Graham
to ground to ground and this together
good morning ma cor day good morning
guys
we're getting ready for school and you
get Abram up he has school today as well
Sam and I have some plans that we want
to do today and how a feeling we're not
going to get to any of them so Abram is
going to be turning 3 this coming Sunday
his party is Saturday and we want to get
him a big boy bed and transformed his
room into a big boy room and the idea is
for us to do it all while he's gone and
he'll come home from school today to a
new room but that's just not going to
happen
there's no way well yes but I'm excited
to see my friends head till you're out
of you that the cutest they tell you
ever made you are so cute ok time to
reveal that it is because I'm perfectly
with your little piggies yeah felt like
farmers so cute guys like this sweet
little angel guru all right knee and I
have two choices here we gave out of
rooms the gal over can go to rooms to go
for kids we need both of them
but I think we want to start with a
who's room I want to get some phanie
something to like a little girl stuff
whoa that's awesome like a space room oh
my gosh Abram would love it here well I
feel sad he's not here to help us pick
he
guys oh that is so cool this baseball
bed how you look at the racecar bed Sam
I found a superhero room I just saw it
through a window let's check it out oh
my gosh it's just kind of playing though
it's just posters totally oh man oh my
gosh i want this for symphony cool
that's pretty cool it just does come
with a slide just not showing this life
oh my goodness a slide we found the bed
for Abram and good news is they have
next day delivery available which is
awesome perfect time for his birthday
we're not gonna show you guys the bed
yet it'll be a surprise but he's gonna
love this thing yeah now we're going to
the adult version of rooms to go
we got a Abram his bed and we got a
piece of furniture sir and we've been
ordering some stuff matches room Amazon
so would you make this cool today buddy
that's three eyes like you hey Dad other
guy little eye in a little what's his
name
what does Aileen stir with what letter
oh good job man
what else did you do huh did you cut out
a square
April got in trouble for hitting today
he's grounded from the TV and from the
phones so he played basketball instead
we should ground him more often yeah
yeah me and I have recently been in a
discussion about how to teach Abram to
defend himself because he's been hitting
a lot he's at the age where he just
wants a hit it's just so confusing like
what do you teach your son do teach him
to just duck Ron I think that might that
can lead into him eventually not wanting
to fight his own battles like him
becoming defenseless or hopeless against
you know conflict I think he should
literally like we should teach him to
say the words like I'm gonna turn the
other cheek because that's what the
Bible says I am for no one
okay I believe in fighting back but not
any more than necessary you know
sometimes a punch can get or bullying
completely better than from ever picking
on you again if you're just defending
yourself stopping you don't do that
because that we don't teach them to do
that did you go over there and play
wrong right which is really worse no
just be confident like you know when my
eyes don't work that way it can people
get you in a corner oh how was crazy had
a crazy hat girl do you have any
important news to share with the family
yes what I ate adventure camp oh she ate
the beef jerky Oh from her hat what's
the other exciting oh my god Oh green
that's exciting but what else about your
head and ass honey she's just teasing
you guys remember you told me it was
written on the board I got free jest day
for having the best hey you got the best
crazy I want it cool and for the reward
they could have free dress she wears
uniforms at her school and so because
she got third place in the crazy hat
contest okay it's a ranger honey be
proud Monday it's time for Sammy's not
to be over I'm headed out what girls
night no cut it in seam took a power nap
because he's gonna be a symphony and
Abram tonight he's tired my topknot fell
quite over as you see my sunglasses have
returned Hey
I called the company and told them what
happened well it gave me Incredible
discount for a second pair I know that's
crazy but so you're playing for us
tonight my place I have some video time
yeah
then we play a game yeah then we're
gonna have craft grandeur grounded
grounded and this is your craft
so next on Symphony's agenda was to do
the magic mixer maker and we're making
brownies and little bitty kids and we're
actually making a sympathy's roll video
right now we haven't made it in a long
time but in the mix all right symphony
what is next on your agenda for this
night with Daddy okay we're going to go
fishing I'm gonna mark the floor tonight
and rejuvenate before we get the
calipers come on okay ready good couches
it ain't happening again
whoo
I'll sleep with this guy can tiny tiny
be in the loop
Abram do you like your crib I hope you
have a good night in it is tomorrow it's
not going to be the same love you little
guy oh no I thought about it get it guys
it can be really emotional think you're
letting leading his crew since his last
night is crap look my baby's gone
I think I'm gonna cancel the order I
don't the better come in comment of the
day goes to Nicole at least no matter
how someone looks on the outside weather
like a ladybug or cockroach we all fall
short of the glory of God on the inside
that is so good and so perfect and so
true and that's exactly what it means
that's what it means that a ladybug and
a cockroach both look ugly underneath we
all have sinned we will see you guys
tomorrow and don't forget as always we
love you and remember to love each other
we're in this together
