good morning you guys see that power
right there
someone pooped all over mommy all over
me and went down my shirt and went on my
undershirt went all ID on my leg on my
jammies and on top of that as you see
over here
scrub mark scrub mark right there Oreo
did her business in the baby room again
anyone is still sleeping it's 10:30 in
the morning he went to school yesterday
so that means he skipped his nap oh yeah
my messy bun - hi - put it on the way
that I like to put it on okay there we
go all right all right I'm ready for the
day my hair is in Joyce in our new
morning routine after we get all dressed
for the day look at this sweet outfit
she's matching her cousin coral by the
way coral from Mike Andrea you guys go
look at her neon pink outfit this came
from aunty Andreea yeah but our new
morning routine while mommy makes her
coffee Julius it's in the little bimbo
seat
okay a girl Oh laughs nothing in your
bum OC get it
I mistake a bow you uh you uh uh the
bathroom sounds makes my voice on really
good good morning guys
Abram slept in today this guy slept o
close to 11 o'clock dude did you good
sleep how was it I can't hear you
captain Abram Erica wait he actually
woke up really hungry yes for a donut
somebody warned me a feeding Oreo the
wet doctorate every day and I said it
causes crazy diarrhea and that it has
been doing with Oreo so I think I'm
gonna mix up her dog food and add some
hard offered to it again
she just doesn't eat is good when I add
the hard food to it go kill bad guy do
it show us oh yeah everybody you ready
hey we're not bringing up a true and go
find something to paint and then we'll
paint it we're gonna go on a scavenger
hunt come on let's go this way okay
let's go they going on again okay anyone
see a plane has something we could paint
yeah let's go ask him come on - okay got
it hi hi look at all that woody house Oh
see all the wood in here oh you like
that thing
hi he probably needs that piece do you
use that piece of wood I mean yes that's
what I use them that's all thank you I
got a whole stack Steffie rotten replay
okay so it's just scrap you want to
paint that buddy
yes who that - that's a cool piece of
wood yeah would you want to paint
outside or inside okay I'll go get the
paint
okay you think oh yeah tell me that's a
good color man what color is that you
know what this looks like Abram it looks
like a train whistle
and ahh looks great dude
no deep it looks cute on you oh you're
all done
you made for Mom
tell mommy and sissy where you got the
wood where'd you get the wood yeah buddy
I got it from White House Blend house
you want to play house
yeah mommy and uh what puppy Noba and
jumped for my face oh no one jumped on
your face yes exactly
I cut as a sparkly I call it snowball I
said it looks like a snowball Oh fix it
do you want to do head so tomorrow is a
special day at Symphony school what day
is it
yeah and we don't have a crazy hat so
Symphony said maybe we can make one yeah
kid ready yeah
stickers are sticky there's just right
for your hat as a fusion crazy with that
ball Greg shopkins that is pretty funny
maybe right here mom and we're missing
we need something right over here you
guys should put some food Danny go get
something out of it I got it
thank you does a heavier one dude you've
exhausted Hey look up too heavy
Oh ever just learned how to take your
shirt off yesterday
this first time okay yeah put your arms
down remember down into the shirt Dan
yeah down in the shirt you got it dude
come on you got this blue sky all right
you put be tricky on your hat that's
scary
yeah dude leave it in the package just
put it right there
I kind of feel the glue though but it
feels warm nah get out of here Luke
let's also keep pushing on these little
pudding can anybody tell a fan basic
where we're going where we're going says
oh I forgot to pray but we're going to
my wrist even Maci LT goes do you have
to burp when he sake help us that was a
good dinner I was a great dinner with
the Aldridge's um except he just had a
bowl okay so for dinner I'm like you
like being inside Aaron yeah you changes
your perspective of the world I wish
somebody would hang me upside down
sometimes just so I could get a
different perspective of this world when
did you guys know that a cockroach on
the bottom looks the same as a ladybug
on the bottom it was something I figured
out as a young kid and it was kind of
meaningful to me like you see these ugly
cockroaches and there's ugly everybody
scared of them and you see ladybugs and
they're beautiful but when you turn them
over they're both ugly as ugly as the
other one and I thought about that for a
very long time I still don't know what
it means but it means something you guys
tell me what does that mean tell me down
below
Amber's going to a fashion show for us
sure sure new PJ's here yes mr. dump
truck man
all right here in person let's see that
belly button what song do you want mmm
le chien dick I love you I brought my
friend pick a bushel and a peck and a
hug around the neck around the neck and
emotion and pick a bushel and a peck and
I around the neck I love you I now are
you oh that was good today and I love
you it was really cute
we're in this together
