right there against the wall and this
together good morning yeah
good morning huh I can talk to everybody
look at her cute outfit guys the birdies
outfit matches her outfit symphonie
picked this out before school this
morning good morning everyone the big
kids are at school and I'm hanging out
with Julia in between getting some
housework done yes I am we have a busy
week Abraham's third birthday is this
weekend
and so I'm trying to get things in order
for party planning and having people
over for his birthday it's kind of going
slow I always have ideas in my head and
they just don't always come to fruition
this here is my birthday stash our
closet is up here and I hide boxes of
birthday decorations and birthday
presents behind it and then cover it
with a jacket you guys see Sam's hat
collection back there it's ridiculous he
was just talking to me about
decluttering the other day and in my
head while he was talking I was thinking
I wonder what hats he'll get rid of or
if he'll get rid of any and you know
just kind of clean up his collection of
hats I feel like he won't but he doesn't
understand my trouble with decluttering
my scarf collection same thing buddy
same thing you girls know anyway so I'm
trying to get things ready for Abraham's
party we still don't have furniture in
our living room so I'm thinking about
turning the living room into like a
train station and like roping off a part
where people walk in line and then they
go outside and get on a trolley there's
gonna be a real trolley here for Abram
he doesn't know yet it's a surprise so
I'm excited but I've got to get to
planing good day fan to the base that I
to the sea to the I love you
maybe that's chemical uh-huh so how many
of you guys have seen soli this one E
and I saw last night let me just say
Clint Eastwood is killing it with his
movies lately
so I've done movie on our way home me
and I had kind of an interesting
experience those
on the side of the road he was about
seven years old you could tell he
because he could barely walk well so I
turned the car around to go get him
needn't want me to at first but I broke
the window down asked him what was going
on and he started to have this story
that seemed kind of like okay this guy's
confused he said he's coming from a
truck lot from a place that didn't
didn't exist as far as I knew and he
wanted to go to the donut shop and I was
like okay something's wrong I thought
about calling number one but I got him
in the car and we got to talk to him and
it turns out he actually knew what he
was talking about he worked at this
truck place he called her truck lot I
was thinking of a truck stop so I
decided in my head this guy was probably
all there he really just needed to ride
and he says that he has a four year old
son
this guy's 70 years old they knee and I
look at each other like okay
there is something off here and then
goes to explain that he him and his wife
adopted this four year old you're like
okay maybe he is all there and he tells
us about a couple other things that
makes him seem like he's not all there
and then he'll back him up with like
this very logical explanation
we were just cracking up so hard when we
finally dropped them off because this is
just such a funny situation and even
though it's dangerous picking up
hitchhikers is actually really cool
experience when you do it and you talk
to these people you realize that there's
so much more going on outside of your
little bubble
that's how knee and I both felt after we
dropped him off or like that was really
interesting he like told us is kind of a
life story is really fun way to end off
our anniversary night was mommy put you
to bed with a headband on huh what'd she
do that she knows not my dad and you're
getting cuter and cuter every day look
at this girl oh hey yeah look at that
beautiful girl guys
that is one cute baby
hey bro come to Daddy
I miss you what you give me what you
picked it out for me that's good sir I'm
a jail yes
would you get yes yeah Gatorade I don't
know you like Apple Jacks you're
shopping with mommy you're shopping with
mommy today Oh what about a yeah what
number did you learn it out
one two three - fuck - people kill
people look what else I got today guys
Thailand's TVs a blue superdude I think
she's pre TV she's just been so fussy
and like you know like drooling Lee I
figured out what his teacher is telling
him to kiss mommy's hand I figured it
out because Matt I know I saw him at his
games arm and I was like and I you teach
him not to do that so because he said my
teacher said I could do it for sylia so
he told me he thought my hands that I
can kiss mommy's hand like this and the
way he said it like the tone when I was
like oh she's saying you cannot know me
but you can't kiss me
and so that apron we turn to kiss your
teacher don't you say that oh yes I can
kiss you like well we're all having
cuddle time in my bedroom
Sam is running I'm gonna hide the camera
for when he comes back and we'll get to
see his reaction probably right there
symphonie got injured playing on my bed
during snuggle time she started bouncing
while I was in there weren't bouncing
when I was away
hmm bang her lip against the headboard
bleeding just a little bit
sighs we got symphony spelling test back
she did fantastic she missed one word is
the words lunch I just confused a CH
with the SH yeah she got catch she did I
miss one word on your spelling bee come
on spelling test good job sweetie I
think a surprises in order I think we
need to take this to the store and
redeem it for a surprise
a Walmart surprise yeah Walmart they're
not trading
no not trade it but this is your ticket
to a surprise okay okay you got a hang
on tada I really uh absolutely sweetie
that's your first supporting well think
about it and when you decide you hand
over that ticket okay I like napkins
that a little bit
couple of shopkin baskets a couple of
them huh why not three could they only
have two bags in them Juliet's like yeah
you didn't me as promised last week we
are the family that's bringing a ton of
chicken nuggets to juicy this week
what you guys don't know what even gets
her go whoa what happened she bumped her
head running Rajeev okay where oh man oh
sorry
ready keep getting helps are you poor
baby
hundred you see
No
I've seven guys we're the only ones here
at my house with your bones shell all to
ourselves there's nothing better than
undivided attention from Bo I love when
I have boat all to myself come on let's
get in before someone else shows up go
get go get knocks go again go get out of
here hello GC look at Lisa such a
servant target you keep the chocolate on
the side first and you just scrape off
all the chocolate milk like you're just
waiting to cheat and then you kind of
separate all the layers and you eat one
by one and it's just that sounds so
complicated
so can we my kind of messy captain vane
America him--as sauce monomials where's
your shield Avram where's your shield
shield the highest pants are there 20
big oh my goodness clock tiffany has
gotten hurt a lot just my face Jesus
fish sauce what's going on bird Wow
I do not know what's going on mr. booth
she has like bug bites
oh um iliac crest area like four big bug
bites she had answered her pants tonight
tell me to go to bed guys and comment of
the day goes to willow girl she said
happy University to both of you both of
you we are coming up 32 years of
marriage and I completely agree that
forgiveness is key to making it work
what movie are you going to go see we
went it's also Lee Congrats on 32 years
of marriage that's awesome it's a long
way there's a lot of more years of
forgiveness
I think he had 32 years of marriage you
should be able to just kind of not even
have to say I forgive you anymore it's
just kind of like an automatic thing at
that point whatever but anyway we'll see
you guys tomorrow don't forget we love
you I remember you love each other when
my rosy cheeks oh can we get a smile ah
hmm
so we do this by looking for mm-hmm your
smile what baby
hmm I got it I got this little booklet
ooh better boot Oh daddy
but in this together your shopping with
mommy
