I just had a kerb turning into the bank
and now my check it out guys we lost all
our wood on the side of the highway
these are so heavy Oh God
love to do one at a time such a bummer
Rea on the South Road dangerous walk
cause it's like right on the top of the
hill a newbie mistake of trying I was
busy strapping everything else in my
gait was bending back there so let's
trying to strap that up and I forgot to
strap the top of the wood I'll leave so
dumb I wasn't going fast they fill out
as soon as I turned out the yup
lumberyard right here stay in the car
bud well we got all the wood and boy I'm
thankful that Joe is there with me those
things are huge you're 20 feet long 8
feet wide that's 8 feet I'm at 8 inches
wide and they all just fell down to the
ditch it made it so much harder to pull
them all out of there get emoji stickers
buddy all right we're off to go finish
that deck hopefully tomorrow I'll have
done honey guys Juliette's having her
morning nap and I just finished doing my
hair I said I always feel like my hair
looks good until I start vlogging and
then I realized in the fakes that I made
anyways I tried something new today can
you guys tell what it is it kind of
looks the same but basically when I
curled my hair I didn't curl the tip I
curled like just the middle portion of
my hair not the top part not the tips
and so I feel like it just kind of left
it kind of more of a beachy look even
though it's not summertime so I'm gonna
try it out how do you guys like it with
guys I don't know what it is but today
Juliet has an adorable attachment to my
lettering notebook
it says be bold be charming be sharp be
generous be silly be amazing and she has
an adorable attachment to it today she's
walking around with her everywhere
taking it everywhere she goes
I just hit a curb turning into the bank
and now my staring bowl will not turn to
the right very good at all I mean I got
here but I hit a curb on the side
earlier and I'm having a hard time
turning right just fine but I can't
once the staring you'll get so far I
can't so no we're gone - yeah we made it
back home with all the lumber guys yes
we did we did it okay I'm gonna show you
guys exactly what happened not for the
sake of just showing you how it happened
but for the sake of mine and Joe's arms
I'll show you how these things just flew
off there I'm gonna unload it just the
way they unloaded on the middle of the
highway Joe have you seen yourself in
the vlog yet yeah you did did you look
good on camera no all right guys so
here's what happened
I just put them in the Melfi yard but as
you can see what happened was I made a
turn I mean forget about my now get over
here here we go I have been listening to
music on this Drive
just really soaking in all the words
seriously guys cuz it's been a bad
morning for me and one thing you guys
didn't see was that Juliet got my phone
while was signing papers at the muffler
shop and she threw it like halfway
across the room so it was not working
for a minute they're here to pick up
she'll at work we were about to go have
lunch and do our discipleship meeting
which is now like over an hour late but
she said she could make it works just
wanted to kind of share with you guys
how I've just had such a bad attitude
when we first left Terrell
you know I feel better I feel like
there's no point in hard about attitude
this happened to me today whatever some
people go to the doctors and come home
with diseases and they feel fine know
what's going on so there are worse
things in life and I know that God is
always taking care of me so anyways
we're gonna have lunch
hopefully Juliet makes it through the
one she's pretty tired okay
my purse I'm working on blocking where
we cut little blocks and you put it
maybe to a joy it's a lot harder than it
looks than I ever thought it would be
the first time I'm ever doing this it's
interesting doing all this stuff for the
first time because I've watched so many
people do this for so long
it's cool to be able to do it myself Joe
is working on the lateral stabilization
of the dead keep it from going this way
wobbling this way in the wind for me
anything strong and we're not cutting
any corners
like I said we're over killing it
excited about it does it boy with your
hands in your pocket I got a little job
for you see these little scrap pieces of
wood right here I wanted to use these
for my blocking okay so I just need you
to pick them up and bring them over to
my work zone over there can you do that
for me guys it'd be kind of heavy so get
one out of time these ones to Kay and
bring them over there where I'm working
come on you got it
this isn't my working zone right here
setting right here all right go get the
other ones thank you
and all the blocky on the end of the
porch or the dead walking for the end of
it here even though it's gonna be a end
cap that the rim joist is gonna go
across here these are here to help
attack the railings that are gonna go
here it's gonna be several posts I don't
know where they're going to be yet I
have those there to make that stronger
for the pose of the railing and now I've
got to do this again della middle of
this because these things are so tall
they can fall over and that's what these
are going to help a lot way yeah yes
talking talking eating eating yours
delicious I had soup shell had salad I
know yes and Julia Gillard on my receipt
Symphony what do you think of his whole
car situation you like it here guys
circling this parking lot looking for my
car cuz I left the GC book in and it
looks like I want to get too much up in
there but I know go for now hey what do
you know I open the door and look at
this
we totally lost this earlier today and
here it is still on the same seat that's
crazy
okay we sacrificed gymnastics to get
this book no joke guys we're juicing
gymnastics class because we came here
and looked remind obey but it starts in
17 minutes and it takes us at least 30
minutes to get there I know how about I
take you to get a snack or something
instead yeah you don't want to go there
and just take your shoes off in practice
just for the end of class honey know you
wouldn't want to do that well maybe she
wants a snack too okay are you
you make the back way okay give me help
yes is it that that's what backs going
yeah what if we did like this that's
kind of cool enough good good that's
right dad Oh y'all right flush with the
back of it yeah good idea
right plain Magda's or something yeah
sure
look this mean it turns right footage
heavy yeah that's good got pretty heavy
Joe was a close it you want one I can
make you one
Avram and I are off to get some grub
today was just one of those days where
I'm inside saying you know what I'm
ready to come home
I'm ready hands are so sore my entire
body not just sore but I have like cuts
and stuff so it makes it hard to do
anything like be really careful not to
like touch him and we ran out of
band-aids because both of us keep
cutting ourselves that alone tell me you
know we're doing what we're supposed to
be doing out here with guys using all
the band-aids you know I'm looking at
puppies everywhere I go
that's cool buggies table ready to
squirt it on the table and what honey
son
all right that's plain no different way
oh hey guys I'm home from GC I want to
do a comment of the day which is
actually from two vlogs ago it comes
from the social life TV marriage
counseling is absolutely nothing to be
ashamed of and I love that you guys
showcase this thank you for your
transparency just wanted to say that one
because I feel like it's super true it's
nothing to be ashamed of it doesn't mean
you're you know throwing in the towel
in fact it obviously I mean the opposite
you and work on things and you want to
make things better and that was kind of
the biggest takeaway from our session
this last week so thank you guys for all
the encouragement I mean the overall
consensus on this vlog was very
encouraging towards marriage marriage
counseling and having you know just
healthy conversations as married married
couples so thank you guys tomorrow we
will be reunited again and it feels so
good I missed the guys so much this is
the longest they've gone away since the
Oklahoma property has been in the
picture and basically Sam was just
saying that he needed longer than like
two to three days sometimes so that he
could get like a big project done or at
least almost done so he wasn't like
going back and forth with it which I
totally get and I love it that he's got
this project so I'm trying to be as
supportive as possible and just be
flexible with what his plans are he's
also trying to be flexible with the
plans that I have here so we'll see how
it all turns out I'm super excited for
the finished product this cabin I think
it's gonna be just like so amazing for a
family or friends it's just gonna be so
awesome anyways guys we will see you all
tomorrow were united as a family don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other you ready to go home and see
mom and the girls there you go and one
of the moms just looked at me like
really it was in baby mode right now
Symphony taught her new words they say
