good morning guys we are back home and
Symphony is already a school I took her
this morning and came back and I got to
get like 30 more minutes of sleep and I
have a surprise for Juliet for Juliet
you can help me oh my goodness
so you are two widow for this cool seat
in here just can't be there big yet oh
my big vase here Marley what you're
pretty hungry though
you want some oatmeal
Abram was three months old just like
Juliette when he first went in a bumbo
Symphony didn't have a mambo I don't
think I knew they existed but they
weren't popular when she was a baby I
don't know which one oh my goodness you
love your big-girl seat what you working
on sis Oh what do you got to do and I
gotta push that I gotta play and it
reads good afternoon guys I bet you
didn't know that today with my name is
anniversary seven awesome years together
oh man we haven't put much thought into
what we're gonna do for our anniversary
so we're just gonna go out to eat
tonight chill pops yeah you know stuff
like that
the hecticness of post trip and before
the trip planning the trip and stuff
we're gonna have enough time to really
plan for our anniversary so we're just
gonna play by ear tonight all right line
up with Symphony okay all right Sabine
line up whatever I'm a king Oh
when I say go we're wait not yet simply
gets a little head start okay Tiffany's
gonna get a head start wait right there
stop stop stop
what's it wait Avram wait go yeah
whatever
go there we go go girls let me go let me
go go John
yeah that's not fair when you get two
horses they'll be so fun of a horse race
before we go on our date I'm gonna
squeeze in a seventh anniversary jog I
got to keep this body somewhat
maintained for my wife tell my diet I'm
at a place but I just want to eat
anything I want and then jog it off
later oh there's my mom Stephanie wait
for her to park well we got some kids
out here waiting to greet you excited to
see you as you can see my mom's driving
my car right now hurt her car's in a
body shop fantastic it's not bad huh
burn old car right away
Casey's one good movie is great smooth
ride that's a 9905 move your anniversary
was today I made something oh I'm sorry
we didn't tell you we've been so busy
last few days but maybe I'll make you
something while you're gone and I'll
leave it on your bed for tomorrow okay
I'm excited to see what it is you're
leaving on her best dress cool off the
prize will begin all exciting and I'm
ready pretty a a pretty airplane dude I
love airplanes thank you
my sunglasses are missing you guys I
can't find them anywhere I've been
taking such good care of my brand-new
glasses all through Universal Studios
keeping them in the case that is huge
for Nia she kept them in her case yes
I'm trying to improve on taking care of
nice things I really am look beautiful
what's going on here what is this thing
just my shirt it's kind of a new style
it's like okay well it's a choker but
it's attached to my shirt so there's
buttons in the back it's kind of like a
fall style an older kind of look but
it's coming back this fall choker see
guys it's me bring him back I'm not
really back I didn't have time to do my
hair for our date I hope this messy updo
for me she forgot her date purse
this better be a nice purse this is kind
of a spontaneous day for me Nia where
ever decide where we're gonna go yet
but we do know we want to heat all the
water
very cute
we made it guys to Kyoto that's what we
decided on because news jet he is
dressed for a Japanese restaurant so we
thought Kyoto will be fitting you are
you wouldn't think this comes every
little eyelash okay Japanese are stallin
my hair is up in a bun there were those
sticks maybe that's what you need
it's just entrusted to me
we are starting off with the honeymoon
dish and here's what it looks like honey
try it out
oh yeah get it there
we'll talk
come time everyone loved that
thank you
laney on everybody tell me she doesn't
blend in with this place say something
Chinese can we cheer haha actually right
here see look I just like doing lots of
photo ops in here for me today guys
before we go in and see our movie we
wanted to take us what we've learned
these past seven years especially this
past year the biggest thing that has
affected our marriage and positive way
then forgiveness forgiveness
yesterday nee and I got in a
disagreement pretty big one yes we said
some things that we didn't mean at all
there's a disagreement regarding
Symphony's education and we came
together at the end of the night the
very end of the night and decided like
we just need to lay it all out and talk
about this before we go to sleep so we
did that and we apologized and we both
saw forgiveness from the other and here
we are we're having an awesome day today
how do we let that fester into or have
we let that come into today Oda ruined
our anniversary ya know what a suck but
we resolved it and got it done and we've
learned the faster we can forgive each
other the better off we are as a couple
and the better off our family is and
with that being said we do want to show
you guys the booklet that we've been
reading that we've started by Jefferson
Bethke this is not a brand deal at all
Oh thirty-one creative ways to love and
encourage her and him mine today was
about forgiveness and suddenly sending
this book was just like so true and just
so awesome I wanted to reach the guys
really short and he said forgiveness
truly is one of the sustaining powers of
a relationship without it surely every
relationship would venture into realms
of resentment hurt bitterness and more
it is the sustaining power of
relationships and that's what it has
been for us so if you haven't heard of
this book we're gonna put a link in the
description you can click on it go get
yourself a set it's really awesome you
guys the days
it's not a hefty study or anything this
is one day you read this and there's a
little challenge down below you can
write things out and like day two with
Scripture I love today's though pray for
your man you know like get on your knees
and do something for your man guys go
check out this book and forgiveness
forgive your spouse the quicker the
better a teeny little thing we're just
so thankful to God that he taught us so
much about forgiveness is this year and
we're just so thankful for the people
who spent our lives to help us realize
the power of forgiveness but uh let's go
scare me
we're in this together
