okay
but I think but I see a fair as well
that's lighting up green daddy oh yeah
simply say good morning fan basic get it
morning sandy
so we have so much fun today that it's
going to be a crime we're gonna have so
much fun today that it's gonna be a
curling that's right guys we're gonna
have a lot of fun today I hope you're
ready for ringing this little puppy here
please don't pay your puppy in my face
ever again you guys remember that email
I read you that's what this morning is
about right after breakfast we're gonna
say our select VIP surprise super
excited and we are out here early 5
minutes early family pretty unique here
good morning
what ship making for you
yeah oh it's good in your tummy tummy
time my omelette is ready oh my goodness
it was so delicious yummy thank you
this little tabasco so cute so guys this
is Ali I want to set this all up for us
she is with public relations at
Universal and she has the hook-up so she
found us through Jefferson Bethke who's
on our favorite channel list and it's
cool because we're actually reading his
book right now pal 31 away 31 creative
ways to love him and 31 creative ways to
love her and he read just like a
paragraph today to challenge you to do
some fun but anyway we just thought that
was cool hi Ali thank you so much for
all this this has been amazing I can't
wait to see the surprise
y'all go home Jerry go home here get out
you see the minion sweetie go hug a
minion Abram go hug a minion one of the
ho sorry guys it don't take it personal
you guys are just a little bit bigger
person than in the movies you guys speak
minionese oh that's that's it this one
must be austere wait what was his name
Kevin are you Kevin that's Kevin
is that Bob is that Bob is that Stuart
that's Stuart he has the Shuar okay Tom
Tom okay Joe I'm sorry Tom why they're
so big dr. Nefario made array to make
them just a little bit bigger because
you can't take a picture of something
with something oh look at this guy there
you go in the pocket he's got it look
he's holding it he's got one in his
pocket we are here at Universal Studios
we got our VIP passes there's Sam out
there their tour guides
Navarro's caffeine out your training we
need to do a routine body scan can have
you bring in any human charms into the
lab it's nothing serious just some
high-density labor very very powerful
we're a the Transformers puts a ragdoll
nitrene right crystal is the ride 3d is
what we're about to go ride this is
television or tour guide hi and this is
a s levelin production lady nods
fine alright so Abram did like that last
right very much so I think this where I
will probably just do it without them so
we can enjoy it
right
you're behind it belongs to me tastes
rather
originally MMS was going to do the
sponsorship but they didn't want MMS to
be associated with that so racist pieces
like will do it and they weren't the
right visa pieces that wasn't really
that popular back then but it kind of
skyrocket skyrocketed after it was on et
really but they have that little sway
there for that remember he says it yes
so Tyler was telling us that this is the
only original ride created in 1990 yep
it's the only one that's left at the
park I think that is so awesome you guys
know my love for historical things so
cool it's the only original this is like
the writers you really wanted this one
as a kid that's so cute you didn't do it
Lucy bikes sit in the middle
the shadow ET was awesome guys very
1990s technology the very nostalgic and
just really fun to be on and made me
feel like a kid again for a minute there
we have this little mouse park for the
kids everything's enlarged to make you
feel like a mouse that right there what
is this thing this is okay it's a puppet
whoa nice good what's this
how would I go in what this is awesome
what ever look gonna go in there it's so
cool
come back game room
hi guys Edmund
hey buddy got there boys Julian are you
having fun at Universal are you having
fun here Mikey hey we'll go to
Springfield guys look at cheaply them
cheap way to meet in down the right Road
there's Duff Beer a bar for Duff Beer
look it's Moe's and there's mo hi mo
Sideshow Bob this certainly has finally
decided to go on the ride and then once
you chose
change twirl and a fool Tiffany go fire
fire no fire
sure we have for the VIP experience
Nigel Johnny crater desert Samuel to get
real serious and their desserts here are
gorgeous
we're eating at this classy little cafe
where you get to try a little bit of
everything that they serve around the
park leave that Oreo muffin theme
symphonies going with this adorable
orange when it matches your shirt
dessert right for part two of our day at
the park you're here with Ali and Evelyn
once again and we are headed to meet
Lauren Daigle I'm gonna fangirl all over
the place
mercury that's right Jeremy campus after
Lauren dangle I'm very excited to meet
him as well but he is not we're like
another hour and a half
a few minutes we're going to meet Jeremy
camp
I'm really nervous I have a t-shirt on
lambda's I'm just going for it
what's up guys
hi Jeremy you cuz it's Jerry on 500 you
I'm good how are you doing - sheesh you
got it Robin big mouth your minion
shirts they're the coolest thing I've
ever seen yeah can we get some thoughts
on this on st. harder like your
conspiration yeah that's a long story of
it all up on you like a short it's not a
virgin I came out so make a long story
short we went to Kyrgyzstan
yes
say
made back to those oh what a day awesome
but tiring okay I think it is so cool we
got to interact with Jeremy camp and he
played that song at his concert me and
saying we're just talking about that on
the way to the airport yesterday about
how we all have that power inside of us
and it's up to us to choose how we use
the power and the talents that the Lord
gives to us and that's a lot of power
the same spirit that lifted Christ from
the grave lives within us the same power
that moves mountains like if we could
harness that like what could we possibly
do I mean yes if we just like tapped
into what has been freely given to us
it's just such an awesome taught to
think about and it's really inspiring
but think about it guys yeah what would
you do if you could harness that same
power what you can but with that big
save guys we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget as always we love you and miss
you
we're in this together
