Craver this is your room my brother you
are my sister made by the same guy loved
by the same
we've got to live
world
and this together is the big day guys
good morning we're off to Universal
Orlando here in about an hour we're
gonna go pick up Cynthia a little bit
early from school did you take your test
yet I guess you took it early this
morning yes she said the teachers of it
should be done by 9:30 cool as you can
see we're wearing our travel shirts
every we match dude love come here hey
man look at it teacher said she did good
on her spelling test she said she was
really nervous but she did good
how does she know you're nervous did you
look nervous Hey oh did she give you
paper and say spell dish and you have to
write the word dish that's what she does
do you know like I can Oh proud of you
let's get this stuff loaded get symfony
dressing for sanity to mature what do
you push
oh just gives it to you we are here we
are here here here oh yeah oh no what
they're misbehaving Airport
it's going to be a little fun huh how
was your flight Symphony no them one up
one down kind of like your pigtails
one's up one's down
for the baby
it's going to hit us run that is let's
get on come on no Orlando Orlando yeah
leagues hold on to the hand grip looks
like that's our man right there
jump every jump chiffonade is this your
initial rhaegar s Raider symphony Raider
hello every you ready to go to the hotel
do you know what's at the hotel a
surprise yes at the hotel big surprise
they got a huge SUV for us huge Escalade
I didn't know they made a mistake guys
look to your left this is the hotel
we're staying at I wasn't sure he knows
Italy and Florida
this week go ahead guys thank you no
guys that's not your surprises over here
well look at that a minute come here
yeah carry room this is your room
you bare your bones Dominion metal Birds
was awesome the couple of minions
mini-pig our TV whoa
it was like a vault door everyone wants
to go see the candy now
Oh doesn't mean look at that well order
to lock the kids up tonight babe don't
lock them up what you guys got a bucket
so Kimmy
pick me would you like a breadstick it's
a breadstick
it's a loaf of bread they shrink it take
you long enough
what it's probably good dipped in
chocolate
absolutely that's a little bit too fancy
for you buddy I'm gonna take that that
actually came with this kids in there
that's crazy
can I have one bite oh come on yeah yeah
yeah
so we just had dinner mama Della's
restaurant they say hey say they tell
you I'm gonna give these kids a bath get
them in their missiles static at ls3
static where static left street yeah
let's try static electric Julian are you
guys just quicker fingers off socket
today yeah heavy oh she's adorable
you may enter oh you guys go on your
missiles and stay in your missiles I
almost packed on that Oh cooling the
little chair so this is despicable me
chair or scarlet what's wrong scarlet
overkill over show how'd you say that
see guys just Xactimate star
oh yeah does you're right that's
despicable me scarf
I watched minions on the airplane
whatever minion just like you guys you
guys are one in a minions even the mat
is a minion it's made into the carpet go
to bed I love you guys go go we oh not
yet we're a super early morning with a
super big surprise according to le super
excited about all that super dis kids
wants like a bar we're gonna hit the
head
guys I got to tell you having these
matching shirts has been awesome I feel
like it was so easy to spot everyone at
the airport today it was just so fun
having our matching shirts and I felt
some people kind of looking at us and it
just felt so wholesome like our family
all matching and it was just for me and
my worry mama eyes I felt so happy to be
able to like turn like oh there they are
the kid in the red oh those two were in
red their mind because sometimes the
kids would run up ahead and give us am
I'm gonna be off to the side like right
beside me over here good night buddy
awful light sure nothing daddy's trying
to find some light tunes for the kids
Shh I'm a cool lamp I'm fun in your
missile bed sleep sweet it has been a
busy and fun day of traveling we're so
excited thankful to be in this fun hotel
and cannot wait to share our day with
you guys tomorrow thanks for coming
along with us and we will see you there
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
we're in this together
