good morning guys I'm in the getting
ready process Sam just got home from a
discipleship meeting at church and I
have headed out to one Juliet just we'll
go from - hey little princess kitten -
give her cute little journeys for day
and Abram is so excited to see daddy oh
you see him this is car here yep there's
our car oh I'm so happy to see his dad I
don't know where he went
maybe he went to the backyard to get
some stuff done he's home but we don't
see him weird
daddy's back it's the highlighter it's
morning everyone was going crazy to see
you what I don't know you just can't
wait to see you yes
nothing I'm ever yeah me neither can we
yeah sure I'm good man I'm ready to have
our living room back in order I usually
take my sandals off and put my bag right
in the same spot and occasionally I'll
put sandals away and then for me to go
to my meeting and we're girls we're
doing it over lunch at my favorite
restaurant I'm gonna tell Sam where
we're going he's gonna be so jealous
guess where I'm meeting today
Finn 303 really lucky I'm not even
yelling let's take salad okay I'll bring
you one home I'll see you in a little
bit
wait what time you get back I don't know
if I'm coming home at a decent time I
will say I love you honey - I do you
need a pass e actually we made it to our
place our favorite place hey Andrea
Texas torta sounds so good yummy look at
that good Texas looking food it's
amazing engineer soup looks beautiful
calling to Jesus it's pretty to write
any good words for our viewers God
definitely design has to be the people
didn't do life together and
a good friend we call and really and
Sandy be like whisper she's speech get
it all right
what money want some cake
I do young that book early film him too
got it oh there you go man
I feel good in there alright sticking
out get out under there mister foot stop
peeking
where did Abraham's legs go oh there
they are
I mean bare your whole body that was a
fun and delicious lunch and right across
the street from bin 303 is hazel and
olive one of my favorite boutiques to
shop at
so I'm just gonna stop in real quick
with Julia and see if she has anything
that I just must add to my wardrobe
not bad for starters right outside the
front doors a ten dollar rack oh my gosh
it's like a jump sink - looks pretty
asleep does what is it them oh this is
cute like a swimsuit cover-up the little
palms hanging off of it
Julia had a bottle while I was here I
thought it out I guess I should say I
don't want to waste it I could totally
oh just fed you I don't want to waste it
me up your head until it has been such a
great day spinning it with Julia it
reminds me when Symphony was a little
baby and how much I just so loved doing
everything with that baby girl and you
know when they become toddlers it gets a
little bit more stressful but even wit's
it was never stressful at all I think
Abram is just a little more bit more
rambunctious and so I kind of hold back
from doing things with him like this but
it is so fun just having a little girl's
day with my little one back there she
has been so precious in such an angel
and Tom getting symphony a treat and
just hurting into an all around girls
day fans having a boy's day so I'm
getting me pumpkin spice hey good how
are you and a cookie don't be scared
okay
okay don't be scared let your feet down
what place yeah he's the same monster do
it again again yeah I have a surprise
for you
oh look at what it looks like Oh Abram
and I had a fun day together he got to
skip his nap with Daddy we read his
Daniel Tiger book you carry that thing
wherever he went for us we play
basketball we wrestled we played
hide-and-go-seek yeah
Symphony has our very first spelling
test tomorrow so I am printing that out
to get ready to play some games with her
hot pink tic tac toe ready to go do you
want to be ish words ash words punch
words or ash words
ish okay I'll be ash words okay hey good
job Amy
what is this ash word Oh trash
that's right can you spell it by looking
at it good job and I'm going to put mine
in the middle so mom has SH but yours is
what kind of word yes which word is that
this D I SA good job now put it on the
game good job Amy
right there oh I hope she doesn't walk
me I'm gonna put mine right here so is
your turn
where can you put it Oh cat words in a
row good job that was good okay now
we're going to play tic-tac-toe again
but it's even trickier this time you got
a really exciting day tomorrow and for
that reason we're having a celebratory
dinner by eating some hot dogs no bun
nothing just hot dogs
he has excited well I need to tell you
something all right go minions aren't
real yeah we all the goings
Oh working the feet drawing over see
people dressed up as minions don't be
fun
like we did it don't see movies yeah
yeah we did see some in here eat up kids
I want to show you guys a part of the
email that I received today and so we
were asking if we could sleep a little
bit longer and this was her response for
that she said thanks for letting me know
on Friday we'll need a start at that
time due to a little surprise we have
planned for you at the parks trust me it
will be worth it as we don't do this for
guests only
select VIPs makes me kind of nervous he
has to like VIP but very excited for the
kids and you know to be honest I'm just
so excited to go to Universal Studios
guys it's been a childhood dream of mine
to go to Universal Studios and it was
always out of reach way out racially
I'll never get to go there that's way
over at Florida but the like that was my
mindset as a kid it was just like way
out of reach and would never happen for
me it was just really cool that I'm
getting to do it at 30 years old super
excited expect my kid to come out
tomorrow guys I'm not embarrassed to
show it man you better be ready to take
care for kids that's on hey also there's
another big surprise for you guys if it
in tomorrow morning you or tomorrow
evening when we get there there's a big
surprise for you guys at the hotel yeah
yeah tomorrow night we'll get a hotel
we'll see we'll see me and I know about
the surprise where the kids don't know
yet and they're gonna love it or keep a
surprise for you guys still think you're
excited about the tick stick around come
back tomorrow guys don't forget we love
you and remember love each other
we're in this together
