guys I've been sitting here all
breakfast long trying to find the word
red in this word search here and this
together I'm working on our toy bag as
you seen right here these are the things
I like to bring with me when we travel
with our kids things to keep them
entertained on the airplane and this
time I have a couple of new surprises
for Abram I have surprises yeah okay
we're about to go on an airplane in just
a couple of days and you get a brand-new
computer it's a laptop just like Daddy
get to do your work on it
whoa right there
and you can switch it right here Billy
we actually have this same laptop but
like from seven years ago from VTech and
Symphony has used it Abrams use it and
now Juliet's using it so we get to have
a new and just for Bubbe to have while
we travel so he can play and be like
Daddy triangle ah ah dad's okay
I love having toys like this on the go
that helps to stimulate play and
discovery all at the same time and
really helps the trip go by quicker
especially long airplane rides I love to
that toys like this and still
imaginative play like Abrams already
pretending to be like Daddy and I can
already see just picture them in a hotel
Sam laying on the bed working on our
vlog on his laptop and Abram laying next
to him and pretending to do his vlog
it's gonna be so cute but it's also
really good for fine motor skills you
know moving around the mouth opening
it it's good for language development
because each time you push the button
it'll say like a shape or a color or an
animal just like you get your own laptop
like daddy you also get your very own
camera like your own vlogger it's a real
camera okay no got I'd find the on
button right there
this is awesome you guys Symphony also
has one of these and it has face
detection on it they can actually take
real pictures and really document and
capture special moments from our trip on
their own little cameras this is so cool
I'm so excited and I feel like this trip
is just gonna be really fun for Abram oh
you can take pictures it's upside down
good geez there's awesome games on this
camera it's gonna be great buddy to
learn more about these awesome fun toys
and if you want to get some for your
kids just click on the link in the
description and you guys will be able to
follow along on our trip in just a
couple of days and see how Abram is
documenting his little trip to Orlando
it's gonna be so cute I know what's
going on you look like you're like you
look like you're dying I feel good now
so much better that was a refreshing
little dip julia is still napping I'm
trying to talk to him into grilling
mistakes that are left over from
yesterday he's just hanging out at the
pool back there with a broom the water
is coming out so I'm gonna get a head
start I'm gonna go ahead and season them
up with this stuff that he got yesterday
and get him ready - all right come on
does it feel good on your body
sure so stop this or you'll like it - at
the end of the night I let or you in the
house and those bones I gave her were
completely gone just vanished and Oreos
looking pretty plump this morning
she's pretty funny I doubt she ate him
although I bet she buried him somewhere
some of them at least me and made some
potatoes for us man that's hot you just
kind of bounce it out like that
River leftover steak and you can see
here's the gossamer Stram what do you
good good my foot cool man
I love it out here
this is so fun I feel like this is kind
of like the atmosphere I've been waiting
to have outside in our backyard the
weather has finally died down it's not
miserable to sit out here we have our
little miniature grill over here our
chef gonna do some like grilled cheese
cake oh heck yeah a little tartar girl
frittata
this has literally been what he's doing
strawberries and barbeque does that
taste good
welcome home honey in a couple days
we're leaving to go to rock the universe
remember guys the Universal Orlando so
excited about that I just listened to
Toby back in the car we get the meat
ingredient we go backstage and greet the
artists a lot of the artists I mean
these really good pretzel crackers sound
please as a snack right now this fudge
in the middle of pencil crackers so good
out of a coffee filter ah it's so tiny
you know it's a copy I was just asking
is it that's really creative what's her
name flowers flowers you
butterflies like flowers snobby about it
girl what is unit for another letter no
return stick no
well yabba dinner can't breathe
dude hey you're gonna get up you hey
look you fell asleep it's okay you
needed rest you fell asleep it's time to
get up now you're on a banana okay
don't get up
this guy feel putty he's so funny
he didn't wear pull-up what a big boy
the booty you know what we're gonna go
to Costco maybe we'll get you a treat
for being on driving here
over
No
you want to hug a minion or am I gonna
do that soon
credit to GC it might be still shirt you
can go on my Instagram for more detail
how are you let me grab my card what I'm
going to be making lunches for a little
girl and somebody has class for a little
bit they have a family member who
actually is friends with some of the
women we go to church with she has
breast cancer and she's out of town for
a procedure to help out it's been a long
long drawn-out painful ordeal for their
family so I'm helping out and I decided
that on my way to the registers I would
cruise the aisles for healthy snacks I'm
gonna try this we put like
we made it guys to gospel community
group that's what it stands for but the
shirt is actually ground control David
Bowie sang a song ground control to
Major Tom I don't know if doesn't name
the song David Bowie I mean and this is
the shirt he wore in the music video
look at that by it's broken fix it they
can't fix it come on put the wheel back
okay well let's go inside that go okay
well guys we ended up not blogging at
all as you see was a great night though
Oh give me that
why'd you put in the trash they did a
video yeah okay
all right guys we're home now we're
gonna go to call it a night get some Z's
maybe snuggle up a little bit you watch
office maybe we're gonna pray together
we've been trying to prayer together
every single night comment of the day
guys goes to Judy Fusco sorry for
mispronouncing your name do you guys
know the daytime location of the meetup
in Orlando this weekend can't wait to
meet you love you guys definitely want
to meet you too we can't wait but
Universal Orlando asked us not to have
anything set up I'm any Meetup set up
but they said we would be allowed to
send tweets out and notify you guys live
where we're at at certain times if you
want to come meet us so when we're there
make sure you guys are following us on
Twitter we'll try to keep up with it
pretty you know often
day two right go follow us on Twitter
Sam Ania will see you guys tomorrow
as always we love you and remember to
love each other
we're in this together
