in this together
come on to the fan to the base to the I
see that basic that spells we're getting
ready for a little cookout with the
family Matthew is gonna come my mom
let's just say anybody who's anybody is
gonna be there so andrew is probably not
gonna be there are you so excited about
the cereal okay pick one you can get one
hey guys me and symphony arm veggie Duty
something I think we should get corn on
the cob what do you say where's the baby
banana I don't know if they have any
right now we'll get some of these little
kebabs Abram added another scar to his
face this morning he hit his chin on my
desk chair there your chin buddy
Sydnee boo boo boo yeah I think this is
the girl like simple actually no that's
just too complicated I think I'm gonna
go this guy right here by the way guys
we missed you yesterday but in really
forewarning that one day I have always
never wanted a grill and this is just
perfect for me for some reason I just
don't have a desire to have a grill I
feel like it's a lot of maintenance
maybe maybe that's what it is I feel
like there's a lot of maintenance
involved and but here she is guys all
seasons feeders tabletop grill this
actually cost more than the full size
girls are going to get out Walmart that
was $89 this was 106 I got this one at
Bucky's open here there's your little
pit or whatever you want to call it um
this is where you pick your clothes
instead of cooking with charcoal I'm
gonna cook with this maple barbecue
cooking chunks maple wood and see how
that tastes under some steak
now what do you think of the emoji pull
man it's really cool
thanks Matt Seeber you're getting in the
tree right there get stuck right up in
the tree close
what are you playing over here sweetie
you're playing my goals you know they
make a Barbie jacuzzi I used to have one
as a kid
maybe or he could just keep using this I
like that
my sister and my mom are on their way so
we're gonna get the stakes going yeah
feels so good to be out here with family
but I'll say I've been in a funk lately
I'm not gonna stay depressed but just
kind of down just over there's nothing
really nothing I can really pinpoint I'm
probably the only boil down to drifting
away from God actually fit a lot in this
little girl well like I said it feels
great to be around family just forget
about my words and now custom for each
other math and I had a really good
conversation it's really nice to have
brothers to pour into and just help you
get through the hard times but what guys
what do you need that was a good kick
again really drew come on bro I know my
clothes make a difference
oh I bet you Cameron Papa yeah one of
the girls in deal with her nails
there you go Matt hug it between your
legs
let's see how these guys are doing
it'll those are done maybe a little too
much on one side but us here we like our
meat cooked all the way so still very
juicy though hi Rach
everybody loves the steak look all three
of them are gone already we haven't
officially started eating one module one
I guess it's kind of like the appetizer
the stick turned out so good like
perfect I'll use a flame and me and
Andrea have been in here hanging out and
talking and cooking guys I gotta say
when you have a like I grew up as an
only child and so I'm married into a
family mainly boys me and Sam sister are
close but it's so fun when the boys have
serious girlfriends that I get to hang
out with and I don't know it's just more
fun than hanging out with boys like
finally I'm not in the kitchen all by
myself for all these people they're
gonna eat it all in two seconds like
scarf it down
on the table
Abram hay room so how's your perfect one
Rach Rachel bitchin Rachel are you sure
no like you're complaining I just can't
wait to go to my small group where I can
spew at the same group of women when did
I break off I guess we got the ribs on
the grill now Rachel's banging out over
there
everyone found himself a little
comfortable spot right in the hole Marv
you it does heat inside does everybody
get Matt you're gonna pray buddy Freddy
go please help us not to look so lonely
can't find a spoon so Wendy's this
little frying better what what happened
oh it's a lost cause he thinks I use too
much gloss
I don't accept I think we need so much I
do run my hands and read stick like this
girls look at that yummy come on here
you go there that's a couple days worth
right there family's heading out now bye
guys we'll see you later thanks for
coming remember to love each other on
the end of it yet no thanks remember to
do you want me to take it sure this is
our craig mark picture right here do you
guys hear that I don't either
it's that time of the day guys comment
of the day and you pick something out
and it goes to adventures with Matt he
said I think it would be fun idea to
have a day where all the fan bases that
order the t-shirt to take a picture of
themselves wearing it and share it on
semanas Instagram and tagging it with
the hashtag that's a great idea Matt
let's do that
what hashtag should it be should we give
them a day to make suggestions we can
say tomorrow we'll pick one of your guys
hashtags
in this together
