good morning guys I just put the baby
down for in half and I was like where
did Sam go and I walked through this
room to go in the kitchen and I hear
this like sound so I look out the window
and here's what I see you're almost
there and this together oh no she won't
go home did you smell me or something
did I startle you to wake up and me
sitting right here
Ximena sure you know where they get Rene
turbo matches me there's only about five
hours left for you guys to go get your
own t-shirt special edition salmony a 1
million celebration Wow
julia is sporting her to love each
other's shirt today and we sure do love
each other don't we
pop-pop dude your hairstyle today is
awesome let me see it
ok guys my next course of action this
morning we all woke up to this foul
smell and it was kind of faint but it
was there it was very like slapping you
in the face there Oreo came into the
nursery early this morning and took a
big disgusting
diary now poop this is the leftover sam
tried to clean it up this morning using
this stuff that i'm gonna spray some
shout on it now and I've got a steaming
hot rag over here
Oh
Abram I'm lovin my glasses you guys
feelin very summery out here today we're
headed to Home Depot to check out some
new things for the room get whatever Sam
needs get a couple things that I need
and along with my new sunglasses I'm
also wearing this Kendra Scott from
yesterday that my mom got me thanks mom
I love it this one's really pretty it's
an opal and it has like pink and
turquoise didn't see the widow to a
meeting nice family no symphony today
guys she got to go home with Nana our
Starbucks to have a renovation we should
go inside for those tables in different
locations though one of they have
couches now we hope you're enjoying all
of your favorite things time for the
free drink or bite to eat on us reading
not yet no we'll just tell them I have a
birthday thing on my
back at it it's so cute and written I'm
thinking guys putting mine under what I
was thinking I forget that when Sam
comes in on Abram is just having a panic
attack
what are we gonna do if we see humans we
need a plan
what are you gonna do oh that's your
plan is to cry daddy where do you need
some help he will be
is that the humans over there
we're so cute there's the humans guys
fair work they're looking at you yeah no
they're not real baby I'm turning you
around beauty save my humans
julia had a major blowout check out the
car seat it's so green oh my gosh it
looks like slime and where did it for me
I'm going to Oh
in the front bottom okay baby we're
gonna be at the light up on the
challenge new challenge I'm not
disappointed about the like just to
throw that out there but I'm
disappointed for say everybody's been
wanting to do it and I totally think you
got the smarts to rewire stuff the house
I might look into it problem and this is
dinner for tonight green lentil rotini
and some basil pesto sauce a little bit
of salad on the side I think that's what
you're gonna have just simple semi
healthy it's a super healthy pasta I'm
not sure about the basil pesto you're
looking at Abrams dinner right there
before a port on the pesto I separated
some because I know Avery will not gonna
eat that
so I'm gonna give him curly noodles some
spaghetti sauce and me and Sam will have
the pesto pasta you ready for bed for a
letter 20 minutes you sit right there
and keep it like that are you ready for
Bible time are you missing your sister
did you know Jonah didn't want to go
because he was afraid of the wicked
people all fresh and clean baby he
filled for us until clean and her
strawberries nice strawberry baby make
it the cute little ruffles that go down
it so cute hey so the babies are all
finally asleep
Juliet gave a major fight tonight
normally at the end of the night she is
sweet and ready to go to sleep but the
last two nights
Sam and his mom put her to sleep and I
think for some reason she's kind of
thrown off with me anyways I'm ready to
show you guys my spoils from yesterday
we're gonna start with Kendra Scott okay
so this gorgeous set is from my mom and
this stone is a white banded agate I
think I'm pronouncing that correctly and
the middle that they're all made out of
is a brass tone metal isn't it gorgeous
I mean seriously just look at this and
then this gorgeous ring
it's an arrowhead also brass metal with
fake little diamonds in there the next
thing I got is I got this nail polish
those of you who have been watching for
a while might notice my signature
statement necklace that I always wear
and it's called a platinum drusy that's
the stone that's inside of it and so
this nail polish is also called platinum
Jersey isn't it so beautiful it totally
looks like the stone that's inside of my
necklace I always wear and then this one
is what I got with my half off birthday
discount
it's an opal Elyse necklace on a gold
chain and it is so cute you guys the
stone on the inside it's like turquoise
and hot pink and then I also got this
adorable travel holder for all my
jewelry when I travel and I love it and
then Sam took me to Kate Spade there
I'll show you what I got I am a
bridesmaid slash matron of honor the
name hasn't exactly been established and
my best friend Emily's wedding so I got
her this passport holder I've already
shown it to her so it's not spoiling the
surprise and miss is scratched on it
says missus and gold how cute is that
you open it up like a blush color with
gold polka dots
Oh cute house a Kate Spade logo and then
the back has the gold rings first up I
got this really simple but adorable
wallet it's lavender or lilac and it's
part of the fall line blushes lavenders
burgundy kind of a deep but also light
shade and then you guys saw me wearing
these bad boys today yeah yeah
I love the case how it has like neon
colors but it's also super cute where
the glasses sit
there's realistic-looking eyes behind it
and then these are my cute glasses they
have kind of a gold tone to them and
then there's I guess that's cheetah I'm
not sure what that is on the back it
doesn't really look like cheetah to me
but that's what Sam called it and last
but not least you guys saw that I chose
this clutch bag it looks a little dusty
I don't know really know why that is
when I look at it in person I don't see
it but then when I look in the
viewfinder I see quite a bit of dust
like right there I guess I need to like
vacuum it or something I don't know all
the hardware's gold which I love and I
also really like that it has a zipper
and also a handle like a lot of them the
handles will be the zipper and that
tends to cause them to break and wear
out more so I think the inside is just
black let's look at it yep all black and
so yeah that is my 28th birthday haul
I'm a spoiled girl this year
and because of that big night of
shopping and going out with Sam we kind
of had a relaxed day today we got home
pretty late last night and man I'm
telling you I feel the years wearing on
me I'm just kidding but no I was really
tired today Sam was tired and it was
just nice to kind of relax and kick back
so hope you guys enjoyed our relaxing
day and our outing to Home Depot and my
awesome home and we will see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you
we're in this together
