this is my apron oh I didn't know that
was in any frame I thought it was like a
rug I think it's for cooking in the
kitchen but that's only you look forward
to there I got this from Kona Hawaii
remember that guys myself I don't know
just a little bit love right here I'm
gonna do is take a little bit of this if
you put it there okay first we got to
get the egg okay so those beat eggs and
water together so crack the egg in there
and with the egg we need an axe and two
tablespoons of water
bit like a dead horse there you go so
you could roll this always happens when
we make egg so good tablespoon off there
you go that's good
that's a little too big do one more I
know it's measured out so you can slice
it that way we could just do two of
these but instead we scooped it out all
right all right so it calls for a cup of
the mix if we have a half a cup here how
many do we need of these kill good job
so good dad you smell it it smells so
good oh yeah smell like flowers
luckily pancake Texas shaped waffles
excited scared
what a fine here fine maybe no good job
here we go all right now close the
waffle maker grab that handle close it
push it down ok now we have to do is
wait
whoo good timing yes I can done that
didn't take long at all
there it is it's beautiful
happy birthday mommy day to you happy
birthday to you thank you what else did
you put in your lunch Abrams talked to
her Nana about school oh jeez to string
cheese what I need yummy much you miss
how do you get fruit in your lunch
what kind of fruit
well NEETs breakfast I want to try to
finish this room all I have to do is
paint the ceiling and tape off the crown
molding before I do that but after that
I'll be able to take all that paper out
and reveal the room Taniya
good morning guys
it's my birthday I'm starting to getting
ready process there have a big hot date
tonight Rach
Sam is still painting back there I had a
teeny tiny sneak preview I'm so so so
excited my birthday is always on Labor
Day weekend so I have a very minimal
time where I can wear this all white
dress it's super cute I got it to wear
while I was pregnant I ended up not
wearing it
and the pealing begins this is by far my
favorite part of renovating a room so
they can wrapping a present
Bracey it oh I'm like trying to walk
behind my jester feet 3 2 1
I'm so glad we decided to do all great
Sam it looks incredible oh my gosh I
love it I love like our colors too like
this it's kind of stank our color scheme
for our decor like cream in the dark
gray I love it clean in here not going
to do some final touch-ups around the
edges do some caulking I have not pinned
this trim yet a lot of minor things
still to do alright time for mommy and
daddy to go good luck with the two girls
here serve as your backup you got this
buddy
yeah Nathan's gonna help they're
watching minions as we head out the door
this is my beautiful birthday David Mia
we feel amazing it's on the top of the
refrigerator every two hours one and a
half hours to two hours should be yeah
the bottles are lined up and she should
only say we're going five minutes to an
hour and be up for an hour in between so
my plan for us is dinner tonight what do
you want to do until then which is at
7:30
because you go shopping Kendra Scott
jewelry is half off on your birthday you
just show him your ID let's go there
ever I want to go to Kendra Scott first
and my mom gave me spending money though
guys a miniature rock just hit our
windshield and made it crack the first
time in what three years almost right
fiance I know what I'm reminding you
guys see it it's that little fuzzball
thing that's bouncing on the bridge
rails on my birthday to run a birthday
date and something cracks our windshield
I think that little girl recognizes us
how cute she's like hanging out of a
deep breath they're waving her little
head off this is what I should be
wearing for the restaurant we're going
to our first stop is here at a taco
diner Cal beautiful Ania looks in front
of those palm trees look at that girl
how blessed we sit here and keep eating
serious
we're just going to snack on the
appetizer here before we go to our
which is that a second most expensive
restaurant here in Dallas I'm excited to
take Nia to she deserves the best
push
there's yes
watch Catherine walk underneath these
water towers you never expect it but
what it's an endless ladder and it's
awesome suits in this one
me me me me me we and me we me was I say
Dan okay bet
Oh bed bed what the heck wasn't in bed
you know where you're on a go prayer
purse like verse Versace Versace nerds
me if it's right in shoe fit better
laying in there
well I'm special
so you actually like this one for you
isn't it better looks like a camera
slash cassette tape it's weird
you find it right there Sam asked my
permission very politely and I just sit
on that couch while you go have fun he
watching my bag and stuff look at this
guy's stick it underworld like hey I am
going on a date with my bad guys all
this stuff is just so stinking cute look
at this wallet so cute I'm ready to pay
wake up dude I almost picked out a new
wallet but I'll just stick with this one
for now
I'm really excited about this this is my
first ever in my 28 years of life name
brand brand-new bag I've never before
spent money on a bag for myself I've
always thought it was really silly but
Sam offered no it's okay but he offered
for my birthday and so I took him up on
it Kate Spade you guys we go Oh what is
it looks like when my outfit I feel like
it matches perfect like
thank you abacus it's where we're eating
babe well cool it's like an ocean of
rocks Oh Rocco famous stones look like
salt box okay oh yes
what up to you my love
super fancy look at this place honey
here's our dinner so far guys we got
water we got some very nice wine try out
a couple different wines here a day off
of nursing right honey
look at this cornucopia a basket did you
think this is cheese for this she said
these are like cheese bread
dip it right in here like that
that's the foodie song I only on the
bottom and then he's just got some rice
crackers yo we got tarts are here inside
me is that pretty raw meat yeah
it's raw meat yeah it's wrong so I got
raw meat here guys pretty good it's just
the thought of it it's not really
feeling for us can I even do well I'm
just so ready
we're not expensive theaters down
here's any cookies on the menu any
chance of showe crab thank you so much
that already looks so much better this
is what we got instead I mean that is a
fancy dish well man should get a picture
first
go ahead
what do you think hurry
leave that cute knife guys our kids
would love that he put like a face right
there look like somebody's hair flying
back in the wind
in a pot right here you got he's got it
this is crazy hope you're hungry babe oh
and we got edamame
ice cream banana the banana reduces on
top it makes the dough what is that
thing
would you wish for
oh you guys look how cute we just got
home
Sam's sister left me this beautiful card
let's open it up oh my gosh it's off
papa
happy birthday says she's so cute cheers
to 28 I wrote that on my Instagram and I
just feel what is that noise I just feel
super ready to embrace this next year
year 27 was one of the hardest and best
years of my life and one thing I learned
was that sometimes hard things happen
and we just have to trudge through and
learn how to make it you know learn how
to lean on God and how to really have
faith and I grew up believing in the
Lord and knowing that I had faith in him
but then when my faith has tested it was
really just kind of like okay am I
really just going to lean into what I've
always believed or am I going to you
know kind of run away given to my fears
but that was one thing I learned and in
your 28 I'm ready to just tackle
whatever comes my way I feel like when
we give things over to the Lord he
really just walks us through it and
knowing that I'm ready to embrace that
and tackle it in this next year I'm just
curious to see how he's going to lead me
through it so I'm excited anyways guys
we'll see you tomorrow my first day of
being 28 I guess I was actually today's
on my second day of being 28 and don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
we're in this together
