this is going to be the best firestarter
I've ever had you know what you're
actually eating they're eating squirrels
do you know why let me tell you why
because hey guys I know how could I
possibly I'm wandering on my bed right I
have been talking about London feel like
the past five days trust me I know I
know how annoying you guys are all
getting with my laundry there's a few
things that need be having are born like
over the last couple days that didn't
get any no I mean you guys have those
snacks - where are my shoes though
do one get in go fly alright okay
do this come on buddy let's go you gotta
kill them here about ticket come on
mine is a pellet gun one two three
that's good hey nice shot
what's up guys hey John Abram and I are
gonna go hunting today we're gonna shoot
any living thing that plugs of trust
pass on this property I don't care what
it is
giant giant giant Johnny yeah be giant
ant I'm really going to try to kill a
squirrel today guys I'm gonna cook it
for dinner don't need school for dinner
yeah
meet you if you hunt but you gotta eat
it one has Worrell sleep daddy let's go
find some twelve all right buddy let's
go find some squirrels I don't I talk
about a lot guys but the weather here is
just unbelievably just beautiful I
didn't think I left a trailer door open
and never do that I've never done this
it's been been out here she's been too
cold everywhere now we're gonna get our
hunting game on today thanks man
what do you want to shoot you don't
wanna make squirrel suit we wanna make
squirrel and eggs chicken soup okay
we'll make chicken soup with squirrels
how about
see anything but you see Bigfoot's
fruits of fate oh who told you that
oh whoa squirrel jumped out of the tree
right next to me I guess that squirrels
out here you're just hiding and being
really quiet because they know there's
an idiot well well well little birdie
wanna see a little boy shoot every I'm
gonna shoot you down a pine cone okay
you want a pine cone No
okay Symphony ended up on Abraham's bike
her handlebars are Wiggly and I could
not find a wrench I mean let's face it I
didn't actually look Symphony I say we
named this road
dog barking lanes because there's dogs
barking from all sides
so church this morning was really good I
got to teach symphonies class but
without daddy
but with Miss Rachel how did you like
class this morning well I liked it it
was really fun what was the lesson about
well isn't that how God loves us and how
do we love how do we show God's love to
other people good job you remember you
remember any of the verses we talked
about for God so loved the world
uh-huh for he gave me forgotten begotten
son guy and say remember first John four
seven and eight symphonies got a trick
we came across the street to see the
cows hi cow there is a baby cow when I
was little my dad used to take me to our
pasture we had our own cows and there
was a bull I remember that I was told
was my own I mean I didn't really take
care of it anything but it's kind of sad
that we don't have all the cattle on our
land anymore
two three four four baby cows guys look
at this beautiful scenery I mean it's
just gorgeous
it's odd that it's like right in the
middle of terra looking over the cow and
he's grazing in the hash stir well wait
catch I think so it looks like we're
gonna have to cook dinner tonight and
since it's such an amazing day we're
gonna build a little campfire roast some
weenies where you say hey bro cool let's
do it where we here for Nate and
remembering that man oh yeah good idea
what that's a cute little milk is nice
I'm sure it's a baby gallon Avery let's
not kid ory ons but I can't do it I'm
sure to watch my figure
hey we're equity get Oreos I'm putting
the Oreos back okay yes you're you sure
you don't mind hope things we fight me
for it I really want those Oreos but I'm
also trying to watch my figure so we
came over to this Walmart to get hot
dogs or I forgot this one that doesn't
sell me yeah if there is I really want
this the gorilla I didn't buy home I
wanted it
we forgot the band-aids mud we have the
cheese puffs but we've got the band-aids
how does we have the cheese puffs how to
get those
destiny came over to play Oh Symphony
pearl and on that note I'm gonna clean
my car out while the girls play Juliet
sliding down her little slide we have on
the side of the house right here who I
am just gonna clear out the Carver nest
really Wow don't knock it down that's
what birdies are living poor birdies
baby thinks she's too big for her
britches we're eating dinner and she's
standing you don't worry guys I'm with
her though we're having grilled chicken
and cheese for dinner on our Valentine's
plates for my galantine party good Joe
I'm sissy Wow look at you using that
fork you just try to sit please
dinner's over and Symphony is doing her
third book report of the year it's over
Harry the dirty dogs such a cute little
book
you see dog yeah
the donkey booth
do you see bubbles she's so cute she's
pointing to this picture of Abraham
saying buh buh she misses him
alright but pick us plop for the fire
right here this is a perfect spot
alright now I need you to help me cut
little twigs I can't get the scatter
pockets for nothing is Rocky okay
okay let's make a fire come on look
that's where the spire is gonna be see
that little circle help me pick up
little sticks you go pee now
there you go I guess it's just gonna be
me today
hey I'm going to bed I can't do this
anymore yeah you're not helping oh you
are oh I got to make a fire starter so
according a great fire starter oh so do
pine cones these kids on fire yet oh
these are great fire stars - this is
going to be the best fire starter I've
ever had in my entire life
thanks for your help put your fire
starter in a fire area this is good to
fight when you byk okay but wants to
point this
again bud thanks for your help
we'll see what happens here love that
needles catch on fire easier than the
cardboard gonna make it that big all
right I'll try to do that just hold your
arms like that so don't forget
it's gasoline but your wet ones because
you find any wetter leaves but it's like
throw water on it dearly at the wettest
leaves all right I got a can of gasoline
here let's get some gas soaked these
things here make a little trail so I'm
not anywhere near it all right Abram I'm
gonna light the trail you ready
that one everywhere that's a big one
that's a big fire what I'll catch the
trailer on fire yeah Wow
I think spread out really fast beautiful
though it's a beautiful fire yeah you
don't step on them for me you just gonna
step on a button like this doing it
anywhere though Symphony and mommy have
a secret we have secret Symphony wants
to tell the secret what is it I could
save them Baba's day that's right I'm
gonna let her sleep in Abraham's bed
today first we gotta take all his toys
out and get so many toys you gonna sleep
in here too no night Oh night okay after
we read Fancy Nancy books we just read
one tonight we have to do the quiz so
Symphony
what is bargain fancy for happy know
something that doesn't cost a lot yes
what is bulging fancy for Varian has no
very full very full
what is identical fancy for identical
like how mean Juliet like that identical
we look alike that's right I like mine
what is miserable fancy for if we're
unhappy and not happy good what about
refuse you say that no I'm not gonna do
that
relieved feeling bitter yes good job and
then last one thoughtful is fancy for ah
yes good job sister wonder what you are
gonna sleep with me good night girls I
love you that's actually a really pretty
far here I guess it's because it's just
like on fire on top of the wood Abram
you ready to roast some weenies mom you
got this for us here take off the little
red things little rubber tops just cook
some cheese balls
those are good try one yeah oh they
smell good actually
bad I'm gonna do it myself
Abraham's turn get closer but don't be
scared by a woman roast eight of them
all at a time
got it smokey you wanna cause names
small game cause freak is there a car
streak
NEADS cool hotdogs roasters guys just
twist it with your thumb get it in the
flames something scary
just cooking a hotdog doing a good job
man it's your first time huh first time
roasting wieners
nice hot dogs
what Abram has cooked his very first
meal ketchup okay somebody tell me
what's cooking yeah yeah fire does cook
I mean like what's cooking what's going
on what you've been making hot dogs and
cooking faces basis you know what you're
actually eating what you're eating the
squirrels I'm really gonna try to kill
squirrel today guys I'm cooking for
dinner all right buddy let's go buy some
squirrels when a squirrel suit how am i
eating Scrolls mm-hmm do you like it
made it out of no I'm just kidding
choking choked you just Josh how does it
Joe
yeah how's a joke I want your funny joke
knock knock who's there
quinoa come on don't you cry
we still have a rival Oh God how did you
get blue raspberry coulis
dude that's a great choice I love blue
raspberries
what do you guys say we do comment of
the day by the campfire how fun is that
and it goes to Ericka 406 before we got
married we used to pray together every
night only raved about how important it
was and really helped it's been almost
two years being married when we've
gotten out of the routine and I can feel
it we definitely need to start again
Erica I totally feel yeah it's like the
night the first night you stopped
praying together you just feel it as a
married couple it's just so important
for you to connect with God together
every single day and we fail to do that
in fact me and I have set a goal to
start praying together every morning
before we start our day and at the end
of every night to do a Bible study so
we're going to start doing that but
anywhere could stay on it we'll see you
guys tomorrow don't forget love you do
you know why let me tell you why because
he doesn't have as many stuffed animals
in his bed as you do you're crowded out
with stuff to hit them all that's right
polygons let's make a fire
