just put some lipstick on I think you're
like pretty maybe some some eyeshadow or
something yeah where's the makeup you
are my sister made by the same guy loved
by the same art we've got to live
in this together oh my gosh you guys
good morning I'm about to start crying I
know I look a hot mess right now julia
is three months old today and one of the
things that she's supposed to be doing
at 3 months old is opening up her fists
and relaxing her hand
I don't know how closely we've shown you
her in the vlogs at her frist but
they're constantly in a ball like they
kind of stink at the end of the day I
gotta clean them with soap and water
symphonie not talked about it a lot like
we're just really ready for her to feel
relaxed enough her hands relaxed right
now it's so cute let me show you guys
I'm gonna cry hey cutie she's wearing
her overalls look at this hand over here
you guys this is the first time I've
seen her and her bouncer just kind of
chilling like this with her little hands
opened up hi I'm such a mom it makes me
so happy to see my kids doing things are
supposed to be doing and it just makes
me happy to see them healthy I'm still
thankful for you you see oh there's a
fist again
that one's kind of relaxing Oh 3-month
toesies they're still kind of balled up
- these are gonna start relaxing more -
good job are you sneaking carrots in
your pockets he's making those in your
body
good morning guys here's the room all
primed Nina I just decided we're going
to go with a single color on top and
bottom instead of the do it tone that we
have blue and yellow it's kind of
old-fashioned now I think I think we're
going to go with a modern look in here
so next step I'm gonna paint the walls
the gray same gray as the hallway I'm
gonna make you match the hallway make
the house a little bit more unified than
it was guys tomorrow's my birthday and
Sadie asked me to go to dinner with her
tonight today's your birthday for them
oh yeah nice either birthday yeah today
hearthe a pretty good so Sam's gonna be
watching the baby tonight for the first
time for a couple of hours before she
goes to sleep three hours before she
goes to sleep I'm a little nervous about
I'm feeling kind of anxious so I made
him a baby schedule seems like I ruined
a new pair of shoes over time I paint a
room it's gonna say so tell me
personality no and free colleague a
three backup camera it's time for me to
go pick up a broom so here we go
how was class little buddy hey great you
got a sucker there huh hey Burt you're
frolicking no I'll swallow it you guys
suck on it would you make a broom what
is that Oh
Cookie Monster what's it Leonard hey man
tick lick lick come on take a look
few thousand school
what do you say you wanna go to school
again we just got home as soon as we
pulled out turn off the engine ever said
I want to go to school again guys like
it I was afraid you wouldn't like
Symphony Symphony had a lot of trouble
assimilating to school life hey man stop
blocking it
I tell Abram how to unlock the door from
the inside at her early age as soon as
he's able to figure it out I thought you
might unlock it so he can get out the
car for some reason he's walked in you
just never know you got to teach your
kids as early as possible to get out of
a locked car right Abram you want to
help me do a little photo shoot with
Juliette no it's time for Juliette's
three-month photo shoot hi you are you
ready to go be a model
are you ready ah hi Juliette your little
chicken came out a junk
he later chunks behind the scenes of
Juliette's cute little photo shoots that
you guys see on Instagram Abraham's
rolling all over the floor by her oh
that's so cute oh hey Brahms she's about
to get out of that thing
Oh since Julia is three months old today
and it's so good on her photo shoot I
have a present for you too the egg for
Juliet I know I'm super silly it's not
technically a present for her but I got
it and it came in the day before her
3-month birthday so I'm just gonna give
it to her and it is a new needle Lebanon
we opened it up for her like it's so
soft and furry I'd love to try it
compute it so fluffy it's a bunny rabbit
do you know why I picked a bunny so
fluffy it's a bunny rabbit do you know
why I picked a bunny okay thank you you
picked it with me yeah is it a bunny
because Juliette's our baby bunny rabbit
is it a new pet yes well I'm done with
the room for today guys all I have left
is the painted ceiling then I'll be done
with the room everything's coming out
tomorrow hopefully Onias birthday happy
birthday honey
we just hit 1.1 million subscribers guys
won 1 million 100,000 subscribers can
you believe that again it happened too
fast I had a plan to celebrate it in
fact I think it's on the way still it
took too long getting here and this
happened too fast but something's coming
your way
be prepared for some craziness around
here ok so I'm gonna say I want to know
what you guys think of the new fan I
installed it comes with the remote what
do you guys think I bought this one and
said you know what I should probably
take this one back and go get white but
then I was like you know what I don't
like doing that I'm just going to go in
and put this on so what do you guys
think does it go with this room or with
white go better power on how about that
that's that's a little bit too fancy for
our house also it has a temperature
control look temperature control for a
fan I don't get it I haven't read the
manual either so mommy just left guys
step one mommy will feed right before
going she left it is now about 6:45
takes a nap she's trying to take her nap
right now right when she wakes up 6:15
let her chill talked to her play with
her and then 8 o'clock we feed her ok
then 8:15 takes another nap she'll nap
is plan what do we do
we're just glad to take a nap Oh
I think she's finally catching some Z's
guys she's finally doing it
Abram is beautiful buddy your princess
do you have lipstick let's put some
mystic on a room without your funny
mm-hmm level up let's put some lipstick
on I think you're like pretty maybe some
some eye shadow or something hey where's
the makeup mister eyeshadow suit mommy
hair is just the eyeshadow okay know
what that is Q you tell me is this
lipstick yes so big
are you sure that lipstick is blush
think that goes on his cheeks right up
here yeah you just put a dot and then
you smear don't like this okay there now
you get rosy cheeks what honey okay here
we go buddy no daddy's got it speed hook
her up there you go good job
that's my girl I mean boy what a
beautiful son that I am okay looking
beautiful buddy what are you draw on
your face that's lipstick buddy pin it
on there you gotta put it out see 30s
you need a fine eye shadow daddy
I look for the one stomach okay don't
eat it though buddy there you go
beautiful
what is that take off that lid what is
that it's broken doctor that got out of
hand really fast
ona rushing her teeth good boy I mean
good good sister I don't know what to
call mrs. beard let's put this way can
you put that back for him
she's supposed to work about this time
but she's actually went to sleep at this
time so we're skipping that feeding
she'll probably wake up daddy's here hi
oh she did
come here oh so angry at me here here's
a pass see ya joyful too early cuz she
woke up too soon I'll come play with us
ah it's not an 8:30 yet you didn't get a
phone yappin Missy you do this to mommy
are you daddy doing so cute oh yeah you
go baby
oh there you go eat it what why are you
mad
our Father who art in heaven hallowed be
thy kingdom come Thy will be done on
earth as it is would we do now Juliet
bath if cranky you already think about
take a bath daddy
you're cranky
