got a lot out of this pool though in
this together good morning
I said good morning hi
there we're running late as always no
just cubes our first time you running
late just make up pretty that light
looks on the grass over there
I used to getting up this early show the
dew drops so Symphony what's been your
favorite part of school this year when
do you have show-and-tell
every Monday every Monday do you like
being up in front of the class you do
are you gonna bring me one day to show
until morning gosh
got sit in a class on time less than a
minute late the bell rang as soon as
we're walking her to her class but it
was funny because she was like it's okay
dad we don't have to hurry it's not like
I'm gonna miss snack time or lunch right
after the Pledge of Allegiance on my way
out I heard a little girl on the
loudspeaker pray what an awesome thing
to hear and to know that your daughter
is listening
at school or getting to be a part of
it's that time again it's time for a
morning walk slash nap oh you're
exciting about it are you excited about
it you like to go for a walk
Oh her nap time she just had some good
LAN tea I mean breakfast I have my
coffee here probably shouldn't walk with
coffee but I am we came on a busy road
for some reason I have no idea why we
did that is he yeah it's not busy at the
moment but we did just have to dodge a
car I'm gonna knock us off in this ditch
over here just kidding it wasn't that
dangerous sandy and I are discussing our
roles at school she's a traffic monitor
I'm lunch monitor and last year we did
recess together so she's telling me her
shenanigans I'm telling her my
shenanigans I there are no shenanigans
at lunch you pass out paper towels and
all the teenagers look at you like why
would I need a paper towel and all the
little kids are like yes please I'll
take ten I all want my Portales with big
kids are like anyways that was a really
refreshing walk it is so fun getting out
starting my day off like that it helps
me to wake up and just be awake earlier
in the day and it's some good bonding
time for me and sandy but now me and
Abram are going to do a chore my
neighbor I'm not at school he's really
good about liking to help me do laundry
and dishes and so I try to give him
little jobs all right Abram we're on a
mission to find all the dirty towels so
where should we start should we start in
symphonies room look I see one in
symphonies room can you pick up that
dirty towel on the floor
okay now go get your chair and put it in
the washing machines I found another one
buddy
come get it oh good job my mom and dad
are visiting we have to hang out in our
room because grant is texturing the
living rooms getting textured like four
hours too early order yes ma'am lubos
working your baby to sleep in the spring
mud are you being silly with people
whereas in a card and some shopping
money wait to go shopping
you know usually we go shopping buy
things for other people when you're a
mom my mom made sure I got myself some
cancer early it's finally happening
we're hitting that room textured and
I'll knock it down tonight get it
painted tomorrow yeah
I'll probably wait till tomorrow before
I start painting it or yo you want some
food guys orders been eating good lately
he's all done spraying guys you ready to
see the results this was pretty bad
drywall and that's why I decided to
spray it and because this is what
they're doing in homes now they're
texturing the walls because they can't
get them perfectly flat and the texture
pies and perfections I was playing is
dirty sandbox man I really got to clean
this thing up this wood right get for
not covering it you don't have a clean
sandbox a broom not really
you put the dirty sand in here and then
you put the good sand back like this and
you have all your leaves and you throw
them out that's how you clean the
sandbox you want to help me no dump
trucks go on mud and they can yeah I'm
gonna slide you want to go
that was a learning an update of the
another poll it's little at a month this
all this paper just emerged and water I
just threw the facial nerve with awesome
spot chili the love holding up to write
anything mobile here throw this in the
trash got a lot out of this pool no stop
shooting me is that why so you shot me
fresh lips that's just an immediate Abra
but see what happens
about an hour what were you doing tell
me going all the way you're not supposed
to go yeah I'm just trying to count
there why are you shooting me right now
I'm hurt
that's it you ready going buddy
all right Breda boy okay that's
happening you can't say hi
mmm-hmm
look what's going in my dinner tonight
that looks so fresh so yummy
yeah no baby okay let me change her
diaper daddy said she took a poopy you
ring you it mix them up how I could take
a while oh just the shapes huh I'm just
saying so you can't take these off yeah
just the shapes so babies two more in
your car engines google her baby Juliet
I didn't miss daddy
oh do Oh kitty much
gosh you mr. tardy here crazy yard
I added a little garlic salt and pepper
and cauliflower to that beautiful
mixture I showed you guys daddy did you
hear the new role of the house you
didn't I will give sympathy to honors
and explaining it to daddy if you don't
try everything on your plate no farms no
TV I miss dinner with the family because
there's a small window we could knock
this down before it starts getting too
hard and you're not able to flatten it
out or it's too soft and just smears all
over the place so right in that little
window it falls over perfectly makes it
nice and flat and smooth kids are having
a before bed snack did you both finish
your homework today you both are going
to school in the morning well forget
your stupid kids oh man you're not on
the back around my back it's really late
and this is what my night has consisted
of laundry in the nursery because our
couches are gone which is where I
normally fold clothes last time I did it
on the kitchen table we had nowhere need
dinner so tonight I folded all of our
laundry in this room and I'm exhausted
my eyes are just like wanting to close
all on their own it's almost midnight I
think yeah 11:50 so I'm going to go
ahead and do comment of the day and it
comes from Meaghan Hina's to teach Abram
to blow his nose
tell him to pretend he's blowing out
candles with his nose have him close his
mouth and take a deep breath in through
his nose then blow it out
hope you see this that's really good
idea I'm gonna turn that next time we'll
see if it works he's always had a hard
time blowing his nose in fact I mean
I've never really even seen him blow his
nose and we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
can
Oh
we're in this together
