in this together good morning guys oh my
kiddos are at school
julia is napping I'm gonna have a little
bit of mommy time my birthday is this
weekend and Sam is apparently taking me
somewhere fancy so I need to get my
nails done they look horrible here until
I'm at a new salon today I've never been
to this one they just opened up so fancy
in here with dipping colour chart to
look out see here I'm Linden this is
awesome much colour I work for my
birthday I'm going to be 28 what should
I get
I'm all done like I said guys this is my
first time at this nail salon and I feel
like I'm never going to another local
nail salon ever again this one is the
best it's a little bit further away from
our house the other one is a mile away
this one's about 10 miles away so it's
so not too bad and they open up really
early in the morning which is perfect
for on Julia takes her morning nap and
after strapping along to school like
tonight I'm so excited you guys so
here's my nails I want with glitter I
don't typically get glitter on my nails
but it's my birthday weekend so why not
get a little flashy you know to me I
take it that baby watching went well for
Dad or maybe not haha did I kick your
butt the baby kick your butt can I open
the door I can do it she's probably
still sleeping oh geez good afternoon to
the fanbase Ecch today while the kids
are in school we're gonna take Oreo to
be groomed she scratches a lot at her
but lately so we're gonna take her to
get her anal glands released or
expressed thought that just sounds
horrible and I guess your nails trimmed
because she walks a lot on the hardwood
floors I think it'd be easier on her if
um her nails were trimmed I'll carry you
okay how about I just carry you no leash
just gonna carry you you ready to go get
your anal glands expressed sounds fun
huh all right getting a bed good girl
I'm go for a ride okay nah no don't jump
okay I got you
they want to see how big you are before
they charge me here she is
hi guys how much is she eating Tony okay
I didn't bring a leash okay yeah like
shoes she's terrified at this she's a
really skitzy dog fire yo car that's
definite worth 20 bucks my washer I
really hurt my back cuz I gotta bend
over to the fat so they have tables and
everything that's work about washing
kids in the last six years yeah me I get
it
I was a kid sometimes too but Oreos hard
cuz you got to hold her down
they're just checking you up here they
were just checking her out they were
them right there can I get the turkey
and guacamole medium okay I want the
margarita club red and the chicken and
wild rice soup hi cutie
oh you cute girl I never washed my hands
before I eat but the thought of them
expressing her anal glands really makes
me want to wash your hands anal gland
expression Oh God
we got our number me and I started
dating on September the 9th we want to
get married on course we want to get
married on nine nine oh nine
look guys Julia is using your feet to
hold up her toy mommy forgot her passing
so this is keeping her company hope when
we go out to these healthy restaurants
that it wouldn't be hard eat healthy but
the thing is it actually isn't we have
two healthy options here in Charles
subway or Schlotzsky's right what they
really push is their sweets let go Cinna
bonds in there they're right there at
the counter fresh and warm and just like
calling your name they don't have
sandwiches sitting out right there they
have it's in a bonds and a subway they
have the fresh out of the oven chocolate
chip cookies and peanut butter cookies
it's just kind of frustrating like be
consistent you know offer a healthy
option for people yeah they said like
yogurt but I was gonna kill again good
idea because last time we had to have a
discussion / mini argument over we're
not gonna get the Cinnabon today and
today we don't even talk about it would
just winged out our sandwiches why was I
born
thanks a lot skis oreo oh so cute she
will shed for all hair - no daddy
shedding um time to pick up our little
guy this is not my new favorite part of
the day picking up baby from school this
is only my same time seller my favorite
maybe what's up turtle
oil come in hey good man Abram hey buddy
can you talk well go your backpack let's
go home
aren't you ready go daddy no no this way
is that where you go to play okay that's
not we're park that we're parked over
here you exhausted buddy
Jeb hard day at school what's my name
Abram Jeff no what's my name not my name
yes you did you're supposed to kiss
mommy's hand made it for me Oh cute okay
for you I think it's home over to kiss
your hand or something what are you
gonna do to my hand chickie that's your
home oh yeah
she's gonna jump it's gonna do ya Oreo
you're home and you're clean and so saw
and your anal glands are released Abram
she got her anal glands released I don't
know what that means and I don't want to
vision it I just did
Abram likes to hold Juliette for a limb
proximately two seconds and then he's
all done and this is what we gave
stretches his arms out says she's happy
she's heavy
oh my kid named chicken in faces you had
me
yeah
are y'all ready to go pick up big sister
from school
oh he had me senior smiling on yes not
me a big big packet I know she has a
surprise for you to open we're gonna go
to her house after we get sissy's
already working hard in the playroom one
zipper bro open the baby look at it the
zippers are broke on that one asking you
what you love them um yeah I mean my
door who dare knocking at my door must
be centerpiece and
oh my goodness
here you go buddy blow your nose yeah
feeling I can't blow your nose for you
come on now you got to blow it one time
real hard to get it out go blow your
noise so fun but did I not say yes come
on boy as though yesterday we are home
now from Gretna @gc with some great food
great people great discussions about
raising your children in the Lord so a
couple things occur to me today guys
it's kind of some issues deep down that
just surfaced today one is a rails and
I'm overwhelmed I've got way too much on
my plate and I say yes to things way too
often and too I'm not spending enough
time with symphony Grill gone on date in
a while and I need to make that a
priority I'm on this right now to spend
more time with her because I feel like
there's some kind of disconnect between
us right now and I don't like it I'm
gonna do something about it
Avram let's get your PJs on buddy come
on who do these are cool where'd you get
these those we're working out no we're
making out
ninja Tarot he wants my ninja Taha
all right get ninja tada he's got really
cool teaching
bro yeah like I love your dirty boy
can you take a bath hold it tomorrow how
are you morning ah it's like about good
morning hey awesome row handsome Marley
love you
all right guys comment of the day
tonight goes to a very special person
but the name of Becca Bryant don't let
everyone saying mean things about you
neglecting Oreo affect you y'all are
awesome dog owners and deserve an award
love you guys we deserve an award hey
I'll take it
what do you think what should be they
were called best dog owners of the
century well the same decade century is
pretty big there's probably some pretty
good dog knows it but I have to say
we're pretty good dog knows I took Oreo
in got her anal glands released come on
just stop already with that oh sorry
tomorrow we got a lot going on as always
right babe yes of course we do just want
to think about it though don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
yes what she said yeah
we're in this together
