would you put in toilet diarrhea poop
what was it the daily Naboo
diarrhea ghovat die arena a ballerina
goes die arena not diarrhea in this
together good morning everyone its first
grade we're back at our little walking
sessions we used to have a new version
is with these double strollers then
matching heavies last year that's right
we have two new friends on our walk this
time look at you guys
oh my oh my God he's so smiley where's
your smiles this morning she just had
some mega time with Daddy while I took
symphony to school did you have fun it
would be boring what do you think my
seat is empty over here Abram still
sleeping yesterday Juliette put her
pacifier back in her mouth all by
herself twice you guys are getting so
big so so big
okay we're on lap number three I tried
to time our workout on lap number two so
I could just double it and see how far
we went and then I didn't have location
turned on anyway it ended up being a
mess and so now we're on lap three we're
sweating and turning to jelly almost
four and a half miles sandy oh good you
feel it I feel like Manheim on my bottom
I fight yes anywhere flip-flop so next
time you wear tennis shoes we're gonna
do this again on Wednesday morning
Mondays and Wednesdays cuz on Tuesdays
and Thursdays sandy works on our school
I have lunch duty
you guys saw last year we both did
recess well this year we're all split up
and I have lunch duty Jerry oh yeah
there you go girl
so V girl lets room right there
good morning fan basic today I want to
get some work done in this room grandma
said he's not gonna come today so I got
a little time to put in this quarter on
down here see this quarter round trim
all around the house I left the old ones
I'd take it off replace this big bass
string
I need to cut around the same but in
this way I'm doing it right I got here
what replacing with white and I painted
them white well buddy you can do bubbles
outside whoa dude good job
it's crazy guys when you're vlogging I
think you really remember mom's like
this because I remember vlogging
hand-blown trying to blow bubbles
at a younger age and be like last year
or something like that and he couldn't
blow he didn't know how to blow and you
just have this better sense of time
passing when you're daily vloggers
really interesting but look at him now
he's blowing bubbles like a like a pro
hey man that wasn't very nice yes it
wasn't he still has trouble blowing his
nose though
sure oh now you're eating it
there's you don't the bubbles gross you
okay you don't get it too close to your
mouth hey dude
right here put your booty right there
right there now we're going to know this
is the place okay call quarter-round
bring it on trick
you get to paint that wood right there
good job try not to get it on yourself
okay Abrams helped me paint the quarter
round trim for the hallway because I
didn't do it right the first time around
oh cool man you are nice
okay I won't wait dad dad oh he's so
proud of you helping you Betty would you
make buddy I'm making you either a white
rainbow cool citrus home hi cutie how
was your second day of school
too late you know it's a good gather
what do you want for half the school
snacks okay okay guys
a made a ribbon cutter you have arrived
at your destination
tired huh you were affrighted haver pull
your underwear up Symphony with the
apron wait oh how cute
whenever we get to a place you have to
wait for mommy and daddy that's the
great one for you only halfway full
today Sam that's true mr. Baker you have
to get a pink one sorry okay thank you
bingo did you have my favorite cheese
cake for you cheering all right now do
your talking I think that's plenty okay
you're getting a cupcake one yeah you'll
get your toppings follow sissy
don't mind if I do
that's a good idea right there that's
Ollie I got chocolate chip cookie yummy
those wishes I'm going to be ready to
say a hole full of bubbles you'll get
yours later okay in about three hours
yummy milk some yogurt got a fan base hi
what's your name again Ashley Ashley
it's interesting that we ran into
Ashland today and she was having a rough
day because when I picked up symphony
from school today she was telling me
about a little boy who's in the grade
below her in her show-and-tell class and
that he was very upset today missing his
mommy and he didn't get to go up in
front of the class to do his show and
tell and so I asked her if she
encouraged him or said anything to him
like don't worry I used to be sad too
your mommy will be back soon but she
told me she was a little bit too shy and
too nervous to go up to him and say that
and so I was encouraging her that even
when you're shy and nervous try to be
brave and encourage someone even if you
don't really know what to say it means
more than saying nothing and then I had
the opportunity where I was feeling kind
of shy and nervous and I decided to get
up and be brave and say something
encouraging so my kids can take an
example so now I'm encouraging you guys
to do it be brave and go encourage
somebody today what time just listening
makes all the difference that's true
yeah
and out of the head can be very
reassuring sometimes yeah that's true
guys this first grade homeworks getting
pretty serious I just opened up
symphonies folder and I had like a mini
like anxiety attack check in the mail
we're looking for numbers on old
magazines old newspapers oh cool we got
a magazine in the mail you can cut out
all kinds of numbers with that one you
got it
I found it 7 K fixes then one then a 5 3
you got to cut them out now but those
are big numbers so you can cut that out
as one big number do you know what I
mean
I had cut them I think mm-hmm then we're
gonna glue them to your paper over there
this is perfect
stay down so I'm gonna have to tape it
down good job we're supposed to be
gluing but we're out of glue sticks in
this household so I'll have to get some
tomorrow can't hot glue on paper but
symfony thousand cold numbers over there
too which one do you want to cut out
first the 100 okay John go run with
Daddy
hey I like it
100 100 like that yeah you might get run
away red cars on wall like that
well okay those are called
pliers can you say pliers please yeah
I'm a blame game
can you say diarrhea daddy we yeah I'm
gonna go for a jog guys actually lately
I've done away with like running for
distance I've been doing high-intensity
interval training where I just sprint as
long as I can go and then stop and then
walk a little bit and then sprint again
or I'll set a mark and sprint to that as
fast as I can
they say you burn a lot more calories
that way and that is my goal to get rid
of get rid of all that I just hate
having a gut I just don't like it you
don't even have running shoes on stay
here okay but I'll be right back
okay what a colorful little number sheet
you've done I love it what is this one
number one mean it's a lens the number
one choice that's right is this number
mean that's how many diapers are in the
butt great job so as we're doing this
activity with our kids we're kind of
supposed to be explaining what each
number means so they get a feel for what
numbers really stand for in the real
world such as there's a number for the
quantity there's a number for ranking
there's a number for the sighs there's
prices all kinds of stuff this is
awesome huh honey I'm home
I'm sorry Oh though a couple of little
dogs came out chasing me and Oreo or
you'll take up that way not to go that
way so hopefully she'll show up oh we
got the enemy Tibbles mmm and also our
side dish is a little odd it's Mexican
corn with an Italian pasta dish so yes
we can't hear ya
the clothes are monopolizing tables I
want to say can I eat with you guys yeah
we're all staying at the little kids
table welcome all of you cuz you said
you didn't want oh yeah pretty good
they're probably thirsty you're right
coating him a drink
that's the only way we get silence
around here when kids are drinking water
at the same time daddy - she feels left
out hey let me fight plaintiff Juliet
eats someone's at the door oh yeah hi oh
yo come on where'd you go girl crazy
girl crazy crazy crazy girl I finally
did the base trim right this is the
first room I did right it's cool though
once you get going with this you start
to develop a confidence and a skill that
you otherwise wouldn't think of ever
having and renovating home when I first
started renovating it was actually very
daunting to me and it's kind of a
concept that has overflowed in other
aspects of my life or a lesson learned
that when I take on small challenges
gives me the confidence to take on
bigger challenges and I think that
wisdom I gained first started when I
started renovating the house I learned
that once you take small steps you get
the bigger ones you get better and
better and better so guys don't be
afraid to take that step into a
challenge go challenge yourself conquer
it and you're going to gain that
confidence you need to do it again or do
something bigger the days over I'm
exhausted I woke up super early this
morning and started my day with the work
to yourself I'm not typically used to
that I think I'm extra tired today but
also Juliet has been super super needy
she's about to enter into a new leaf and
basically what she's going to be doing
during this leap is kind of learning how
to do things that we as adults just do
without even noticing it such as like
making a fluid motion with our hand or
like turning our head from side to side
really fluidly instead of like you know
babies are can be kind of robotic and
the signs that the leaf is coming is
crying more often longer and harder
wanting to drink more wanting more
physical tanta contact withdrawn thumb
sucky
okay comment of the day goes to fire
girl 1 2 2 3 in all capital letters and
a million exclamation points I'm going
to rock the universe I'm so excited
and well we're excited too we can't wait
to meet all of you guys I saw quite a
few comments you guys saying that you
had plans on going to rock the universe
so that's super exciting we're gonna get
to meet you guys have a meet up it's
gonna be so much fun I can't wait I
can't believe that we just got back from
Florida two weeks ago and here we are in
a week and a half going back again in a
different part of the state though it's
gonna be a lot of fun can't wait I sound
like a robot oh my gosh anyways anyways
guys tomorrow Abram has the second day
of little preschool and so I am going to
tell you guys at night and get started
on the lunchbox packing and we'll see
you tomorrow don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
can make
we're in this together
