is everybody ready come on everybody
take your seats everybody take your
seats ready okay
I got happy son when you do much
vlogging today because we have a special
announcement for you instead as you can
see we're all ringer our little minions
here in our Universal Orlando invited us
to rock the universe out in Florida
Universal Florida and we're going to be
seen these bands right there okay my
favorites guys Lauren dangle is gonna be
there dealing back my favorite oh my
gosh Heidi so we'll be going rocking
away rejoicing at Universal Orlando
we're going to be riding rides during
the day and at nighttime we're going to
be doing the concerts for two days two
days at September 9th and 10th right and
we'll be staying for four days we plan
on gonna meet up with you guys while
we're there anyway it's going to be a
really exciting weekend guys we hope to
meet some of you locals air Florida if
you haven't got tickets to rock the
universe go get some tickets see us
there and see all these awesome bands
that are on the universe I cannot
believe you guys the list fans and B
there is like incredible so many of my
favorite Christian artists are going to
be there and I'm just so super positive
reciting who are you most excited to see
October 9 course all the god I am play
in your hands help me to stay that way
to all life's demands cause of Kip and
they nag and if you let me I never
little think I'll make up my mind of you
to kill that what's happening what's
happening beautiful and beyond a below
in this together and in the meantime
this minion family is gonna go have
Sunday dinner at Applebee's let me just
say guys I just feel so overwhelmingly
blessed that we were invited to go to
Universal Orlando Nutt I have never been
there the kids have never been obviously
Nia went in high school but I've always
wanted to go just such a blessing how it
became an invitation to us if I'm not
mistaken it was by them finding us by
searching Christian families or
Christian family vlogs with something
like along those lines and it just kind
of goes to show that God really takes
care of his people and is just so
awesome I know this isn't something we
need but obviously he's been taking care
of us but he just gives us these awesome
cool things and B this one came along
because we believed in him I just
thought that was just so awesome and
just kind of gets me excited but uh
anyway y'all ready to go you with us at
Applebee's Ultra immersive style
dan Sorbonne did you ever hey get over
here where's your shoes Scout the shoes
in the car I got our baby me
durable personnel thank you you're
listen to this part
oh man I think I heard it well young
with other state
you're right I will never ever know
Abram who are your friends at your
holidays notes and Samuel yeah Samuel
Russian no I'm in your class today I
want to play a challenge with you okay
you got a tariff on the straw with your
eyes closed you have to keep your eyes
closed
no no no I'm gonna put the cup somewhere
right here in front of you close your
eyes and you have to try to put your
mouth on the straw without touching the
cup this time you gotta find it with
your tongue okay yeah all right fast
horribly
so guys Juliet just woke up our foods
not here yet I have to get my nursing
cover I got pork chop rice
you got me pork chops about like
purchase oh not really
Wow good choice babe
that'll be me I'll take it thank you
branch or not ranch but like spit it out
they're like hey man you gotta eat your
chicken first no sitting there you gonna
eat that buddy yeah I like minions
before let's go ork we also got the DVDs
so we can watch it with you no we're
going to bed we can I mean like I know
another day
whoo man that dinner turned crazy ever
started stripping down hey gay nigga
started tripping when she saw some
people she knew all right is ready to go
home and Rosie's hair is blowing in
there doin side set to figure over
I would away be oh that's her impatient
/ patient base you trying to be patient
baby mommy's coming she's helping Susie
Oh baby thanks for being patient you
hungry
we sold our couches guys we had to sell
them because they're just not good for
our kids that are ruining them actually
we're just giving them away so that
things are here oh hi how are you guys
and they're gone the couches are gone
the main reason I got rid of them
don't tell me is she thinks is because I
want to get her new better couches which
is one of the reasons but the main
reason is because it is in the way of me
doing my work in here tomorrow Brandt's
coming over to text draw the walls for
me and there's all the mud right there
oh oh so cute when she gets all wrapped
up in this blanket no just your little
head peeking out nice week burrito when
I skip dessert she pooping in there hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog kind of
short and sweet went out to dinner with
us came back home how about it made her
a big announcement super excited about
going to Universal Orlando Linda
Mackenzie gets comment of the day she
says such a hot experience of every New
Year's yet glad you were all okay would
have been scared seeing it collapse
though it was it was terrifying
not for me it wasn't terrifying but she
was terrified but anyway guys thanks for
watching the videos we love you guys and
we will see you as always tomorrow God
willing don't forget we love you
remember to love shows some days we're
not always in sync today's one of those
days so I'll see you tomorrow
we're in this together
