all right we're here to watch these
buddy
amazing yeah you're acting like a baby
so I got you baby bottle I'm drinking it
drink it if you can can't get it out
ways only got like six bottles its whole
life you'd even know how to use it hey
we in this together
hey guys how's it going we're getting
ready for an early morning paint session
this morning in our house and I'm gonna
let them paint in here as you guys
remember we used to paint in our kitchen
table but we got a new one huh and I
don't want to ruin it Thanks these are
neon colors this is hoppy ahh it hot
please me under me yeah since Alex gray
bit
Sam's excited oh yes yeah finally we
made it
we only got lost like four thousand
million trillion times well nothing you
just want no more than once we got
turned around at least 3/10
twice okay twice
well little people we're at a glow hot
air balloon festival tonight at 8:30 in
just an hour and a half yeah look at
this massive parking lot yeah it's been
so big you can even go over here they're
still late check out our attire for the
evening guys love each other Sam and Nia
let's get the view of the back tammany
at gold foil this shirt is so awesome
you guys super comfy I'm lovin it so
awesome the qualities are just like not
even comparable to the cheaper shirt
it's awesome you guys I love the fit it
has a great little curve to it for women
we also have a v-neck option available
and sweatshirts are coming soon it's
super awesome you guys we have nine days
left for you get the special limited
edition which is the gold foil their
gold foil on the back of my neck fair
button is right here symphony so click
on that link in the description or you
can click right here on my face my shirt
wherever and get yourself the Samedi a
special edition t-shirt finally I got a
new way you can struggle Sam doesn't
like the sugar cute we had to do an
upgrade because our other one didn't
have a bar on the side so that Juliet
could ride she likes riding in the so
big either you can to get the doorways
look you're not gonna get Billy get to
these you can no you can't do that one
excuse me you Negative Nancy debbie
downer
picky penny what else can I say here
what is it you want to ride it
he said no just look at it yeah shut off
the phone my lovely bikini an important
calm my fall I say that one my phone hey
juju open this up dude how's it going
yeah how was it being back in Dallas
they're awesome Nike give me a selfie
time it appears everybody came here to
eat the bear food the lines for the food
are crazy wavy lines and the worst thing
about is if you want drinks you got to
go in a separate line in Syria so you
got to go here food and go to the end of
the line to get a drink they said
they're not allowed to sell drinks
anyway I don't
oh really good let me try it it's okay
actually
whoa hey bruh how you enjoy that uncle
sandwich what a Texas girl turn two of
them
that's my carnivore
of course you addressing the first hot
air balloon of the night there it is
right there
see it but you gotta look real hard real
closely right right there
is it beautiful boy there it is there
may be keeps pointing out that little
balloon up there can't wait I seize the
hot everybody's gonna go crazy right and
not the hot air blow no it is that
that's just it's a hardly I think it's
loading Bogut
where's Wow he's gonna be excited to to
see the hot-air balloon
careful he has to go slow remember he
had a cast
can you see it better from up there
how's what it looks like where's the
ogre can't see it from anywhere I can
actually go paneer oh oh
yeah the ears
mr. notation
Oh
awesome what do you happy Blackwood I
got you I got you man we're not going in
the beer we're just watching the balloon
I'm just not wearing the proper attire
we got to make a salmon and nursing
cover
you get a female
scholar razor
beside coming
we are the sirens but we kept our heads
in the sand
and now a bag driftin just Rolly
it's
to be
we're off and
Bobby got that one it's really cool the
coolest ones
- yeah he kind of over
two periods we pretend
often
I just stopped oh gosh you scared me
laying on the ground and was laying
right on top of the boat rabbit dragged
me out of the know if you should stay
with mommy or run his mommy freaks out
him didn't go anywhere
yeah you did good honey runny stuff
mommy froze you acted honey you gotta
act we're headed out here now with our
cotton candy and awesome I'm still
getting that shirt I just love it on it
sounds pretty cool shirts oh that was
really funny guys it's a bummer that we
did get to see the balloons actually
take off into the sky but that's the
closest timer fault - oh that's true
guys we're going to let you go we have a
special surprise for you tomorrow's
special announcement that's gonna be
really cool make sure you come back for
you're gonna love it especially you
young uns out there even nobody sure
don't know you'll find out don't forget
guys we love you and remember to love
each other
you
