good morning fan basic today is Abrams
first day of school time for your first
day of school big boy
you want to get your notebook man for me
it is for you what does it say on the
floor hey it sure does
Tiffany has one too I love basketball
one these are from gotcha cover
notebooks I wanted power in my you can't
let the Abram habit turns his first day
my birthday nuts oh yeah actually laid
an egg eat egg Rose is a reusable
notebook and Symphony's is one that she
can draw in and keep forever if you
notice that symphony there's this
different paper good morning guys it's
so exciting Abrams first day of school
and this video is sponsored by gotcha
Covered notebooks which is super perfect
because we want to give a room a
surprise just like we've been building
things up for symphony all week long and
got to cover notebooks is really cool
you can go online and customize your own
personal notebook you can get reusable
ones like the one Abrams using or you
can get regular notebook paper like the
one that Symphony has and it's really
cool you can pick themes and designs
that best fit your kids personalities or
your own you can use it for adults too
like me and Sam have one also and I've
been using mine as a journal when I do
my quiet time in the evenings we also
have this cute little one for Julia and
this design was picked from the website
and it matches her decor in her nursery
perfectly and you guys can get one at
30% off by using the code fan 30 and
we'll have a link in the description for
you guys you guys are gonna love this I
know we do our kids love it
laughing yeah
your buddy put that in your backpack
you're not work over there we still
awesome Wow oh dude three kids up now
the house it's 7:45 according to my the
correct but we did it
you just had breakfast buddy
oh love you buddy
close school boy Nonie and I are gonna
go home and catch up on three years of
missed naps let's do this babe
I bought a cleaner for my lights guys
let's see if it'll work
this is before
and there's after like pretty good I
thought I was going to buy new ones like
brand new especially that one alright
let's go get your breakfast burrito okay
both in our own cubicle her cards not
working and I'm trying to open up a new
business okay Juliet was running all
these errands with us she just woke up
from a sneeze bless you baby hey don't
look so grouchy
I'm somewhat free time is crazy why he's
doing people that like entertain and
play with all day 10:00 a.m. 11:00 12:00
1:00 to 4:00 more hours until we get to
that get every motorcycle have like a
little camera following around I want to
know what he's doing I just know what
he's doing so many cute things that
we're not getting this thing he's
probably trying to eat lunch over over
known at least I'm Ian Abram from every
my Tia Mary our lunchtime now well they
get snack time to get your own cups on
oh he's gonna be so excited see his
reactions to this thing we can supply
sharing that and Juliet fell back to
sleep I'm gonna get started I'm cleaning
up with that little hands to help me
that's kind of a fun thing to experience
never experienced it before you will one
day it's kind of nice Athenians will be
trippin around then it stays clean for a
little while so I've got four hours tick
it out guys finally mama is all mine yes
a ho and she's so excited about it oh oh
yeah you wouldn't have a little girl ah
what do you wanna do you want a nurse
and talk and nap and snuggle here we go
guys we're off to get our little man
let's see if he missed us as much as we
missed him however hit me and I had some
good bonding time
this is awesome got a people imps into
what we time is going with it for us
don't be so romantic
did you tell me about your sandwich is
here homework cool you learn how to use
scissors a book about me Avram my
favorite food is muffins mm-hmm me too
me too easily this is me with my family
oh you do that it's so cute I have brown
hair and brown eyes
fuck your his scribble my favorite thing
to do is Haber look I made you ants on a
log
yeah with apples apples peanut butter
and your favorite little raisins and
allene you eat it like a cookie look let
me show you
break it this is a classroom with this
old trim in house ivory trim all the
rooms except the bathrooms yeah this one
okay mm-hmm Abraham you said on it's one
floor two minutes
don't worry mommy will fix it the paint
is officially broken out how does it
feel you're remodeling a room that we've
already remodeled once the very first
one ever I'm going to circles now they
sound a move no but this one needed an
update before we move anyways right
don't you think yeah this room does for
sure so it easier I feel like all the
other rooms look great the only one that
I could think of that would need another
update would be the kitchen because
people might not like those crazy colors
but they can redo that themselves it's
true this is the first room that sam and
i remodeled when we moved into this
house it was horrible the wallpaper was
very thin stripes of dark green and
bright white there was track lights all
up on the ceiling up here I mean it was
really horrible well we got a good start
on the room today right honey
looks so much better all we did so far
was it place to trim below and recoat
all the white in here except the crown
molding I haven't got to that yet
but um we're going to end the vlog guys
and pick coming today honey this is from
Patricia floors and she's just quoting
some from vlog Symphony Abram says he
has something for you
Abram oke Oke funniest part ring apron
city handsome guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget as always we love
you good right now love each other yeah
bye
but in this together
