goodnight hugs have gone a little too
far tonight anger legs stand up and give
each other a hug yeah daddy make this
easy intro okay my brother you are my
sister made by the same guy loved by the
same
we've got to give
well
in this together morning guys
me and Avram are starting this beautiful
Wednesday morning off with a walk hey
little guy
this little girls walking with me I
don't know she's not liking it Juliet
doesn't really like to be held in a baby
carrier but hoping that the more I walk
the better off she'll feel Abram this
guy has such sensitive eyes like his
daddy he's upset because his sons in his
eyes let's hurry to the shady parts I
finally found a puddle Blackie
go splash in it oh gosh it got me all
muddy mm-hmm you like our morning walk
did you feel good abran what are you
gonna do tomorrow that's special going
to school tomorrow yeah yeah we're back
from our walk in and joined some more
snacks in this gorgeous weather out here
it feels amazing it's bright and sunny
but it's not super hot Abram snackin
Juliette's just chillin over there in
your bouncer she loves it outside I like
being out here at this hour because it's
kind of in between Juliette's awake time
in her first morning nap she likes it
outside keeps her very happy and alert
she like looking around at the trees
so did jock with me sure can't get me a
blue
you broke it let me see
Abram broke his toe guys don't judge
don't judge it
you don't go swimming you always want to
go swimming come on dude go swimming
with Daddy I just clean the pool it's
all sunny back there feels good you
could go in your little boat yeah what
oh my
oh boy
you might get the poor buddy
another one yeah it'll be fine I promise
come on go swimming with Daddy I can't
swim
we'll put you in your little motorboat
dude you know what I mean I'm grating
this in hat so you do want to go
swimming all right let's see how this
thing works
babe baby miss goggle dude it's just
gone off really good guys that's really
good
yeah oh I want to get in are you ready
to go swimming you can go swimming my
mommy really cool cuz when you go under
all the pressure pushes the master face
really hard like a pair of goggles a
nice section a little bit hey let's feel
really
things like grabbing oh wow does it feel
like a headache hi mommy
hey buddy I'm mister man thank you oh
where are you blogging in there yeah all
right I'm gonna bring baby in our second
graders home yes they're greater sorry
come on pre-k is great so here you say
where you going get surprised or
something
well I'm spoiling you for the first
grade huge box of cookies but wait till
you see them they're not just cookie
which I cute this is from Lex the batch
you guys know she said us cookies for
our baby shower
oh no order Americans Julianne yes you
should get it to your teacher doesn't
you have a sister named Juliet futures
hey how'd you guess your name on it guys
that's notebook paper that is your very
can I have a bite gee Louise
cool man edible marker don't suck on
that marker guys okay just eat the
cookies
Oh which one can mommy eat if I'm gonna
give countless Moses ohh
as his routine Tiffany comes straight
home from school and gets Juliette up as
soon as she gets a chance this is
probably one of Disney movies that I did
not watch as a kid by the look on your
face I'm guessing you as one of your
faves you've never seen it like at
school today I've never seen it okay and
while everyone relaxes after a long day
of school and shenanigans around the
house I'm gonna get started on dinner
and I'm making a dish I haven't made
probably and over here honey
meatloaf okay mom there's a meme oh you
have to have a cup of breadcrumbs per
pound of ground beef or that's what my
recipe calls for no how many breakdowns
you need fresh tortilla chips
transfer it into my baking dish and I'm
getting it all evened out nice on the
edges yummy yummy yummy and for a side
I'm going to do some diced red potatoes
in coconut oil with a little bit of
garlic and salt for me super light and
delicious while the sides got in line
delicious here's a little drona got a
briman florida lexicon i took outside to
fly it for the first time since I've
been back and went straight up in the
sky all the way over there above those
trees and I was trying to get it to come
back this way but for some reason
wouldn't turn around and just stopped
and fell out of the sky and I think you
went into the neighbor's yard over there
Abram and I are going to go hunt it down
look at this guy's bouncing skills man
I'm so impressed
that's a doorbell out of ding Bell we
went to the backyard going on a bear
hunt could've went up there on the shins
30 bucks for a few flights come on hi
kami I'm vlogging in your backyard have
you guys seen a little mini drone yeah
you don't run over it with the lawnmower
no drone today
maybe it'll fall out of the trees
somebody will return it back to its home
now I'm looking to Peggy bedtime
routines are starting early tonight in
fact an hour and a half early because
this dude is my bad your first day of
school tomorrow no mmm cannibal oh
you're so smart how you remember that it
took but you actually he was supposed to
wait and start in September tomorrow
though you want to start you went to
school tomorrow yeah daddy's GoPro so
are you ready for your bubble bath sir
all nice fresh and clean tomorrow
this is big kid is common ever it comes
from Ray doll Abram sounds like Bobby
from the show Bobby's world I love his
little raspy voice so cute I loved the
show Bobby's world growing up like I
seriously thought that little boy was so
adorable and I loved all the cartoon yes
when you don't run a little tricycle yes
we should look it up on you - yeah did
you brush your teeth and your hair hair
Bobby your sugar doing it's important to
look your best and it's also helping see
when people see us bright smile
it says something about that person no
one want to be around you
oh my gosh
what in the world he acts like a perm
but I don't think it sounds like a broom
what do you think yeah I agree
I think that's probably what that person
thought so he just act kind of like a
broom it looks a little bit like in the
next life oh my god that is so cute that
is cute thanks for pointing that out -
that just makes my night let's watch
this we'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget guys as long as we love you and
remember to love each other
we're in this together
