good morning everyone how are y'all
doing today it's day two a first-grade
symphony did great this morning Sam had
to take her to school because he was
doing something with his mom this
morning and she was pretty upset that I
couldn't take her little likeyou she
cried but other than that I think it
went really smooth I don't think she
cried at drop-off I think about really
good and also this morning I'm pouring a
bowl of cereal good I sent out birthday
invites to Abraham's third birthday
party it's gonna be girl repec you guys
catch my drift
uh oh my god oh my gosh you guys asked
Abram to help me with laundry and so
while I was gathering it up he's soon to
be covered Juliet up with this little
towel did Bobby do that oh he's so fun
no not yet oh what a big helper thank
you can you close that little drawer
that one right there okay yeah can you
close that push
but oh good job okay I'll take that lid
okay push the power button paddle yeah
the one with the P power good job now
push cycle one okay now push start
alright you did laundry give me five
thank you buddy now I want to help me do
the dishes you do thank you
come get the pan you can put it under
there too
what a man working hard for mommy oh
sure this is actually where the lids go
we can put the pan up there
what was that sound you're interesting
in a minute that guy who he I didn't
even know Abram knew that song he's over
here helping me do the dishes he goes
into a new dog I never saw in my foreign
I knew you would be excited for that
woman so company's booked for today what
the hell yes brother sir baby banana no
grab it sis look it down deep you're
bloody big they passed out in my pot
roast for you for me baby happen
somebody you didn't even look at it
anti-b she's acting so cute oh you're
acting so cute - no here nope don't put
that mommy okay
as you can see Nana here has taken
Nia's spot and going to GC with us
tonight which is fine I don't mind mom
don't worry symphonies in a gassy mood I
guess a broom is two captains of America
vector guys here put on out here you're
gonna crush a bee
captain Abram Erica yeah so probably no
captain Abram Erica not
Abram Captain America yeah Abram say
captain Abram I did yeah was there's an
accident I'm sorry this is are you sad
daddy mega playground you see a
playground over there doc came to see
underneath that tree he's like there's a
playground see you guys it's over there
what put your hat back or something see
your cute face don't do the charity
okay this guy's hand gestures are too
much no no you wear your hat it doesn't
bye neighbor it's just a baby dog it
won't fight like for because he's cute
no they're good thanks let me guess Lily
this is a French Bulldog I gotta get me
a trampoline I'm really thinking about
getting us a trampoline and painting and
emoji on it what do you guys think an
emoji trampoline whatever y'all so glad
the paint that would be the tough part
keeping this from from kracko yes the
grass is my biggest concern this is so
cute get cardboard and cover the grass
let me see you do it
belly flop when you're done over I'll
show you my lights I got them cleaned
yeah they're shiny dude look I got sure
our headlights guys I had them
professionally cleaned no you lose dude
no awesome oh man there's their squeaky
clean that's right yeah man they call it
the foggy look I guess I don't let's say
fog lights right yeah good check it out
guys look at that just beautiful
there before look like this and this is
after knee has a lot of trouble saying
goodbye it's kind of a challenge for her
see you just got to back out in the
shoot starts moving we're not leaving
mommy
the struggle is real
say goodbye guys this little princess
went to a meeting with me and she did so
good
she laid her on her blanket she gave us
her all of her little opinions she let
people hold her there's chocolate in
your banana yeah let me hover by now I
mean this is me your Bible are you good
drama queen thank you bye Bert I'm mr.
Bob Alton that's a good suggestion
where's the book at right here baymax
what you looking at my baby max maybe
they have sledding down okay whoo - one
back when you need it
forgive my passing
all right guys we're winding down
daddy's doing Bible time with Abram and
Juliette over there and I'm gonna do
Symphony's hair how cute to me at least
in Debbie's lap guys yeah I would
she saw the cradle floated floating
among the tall grasses and told mate
fetch it when she saw the baby telling
cradle she knew that you a child of the
Israelites come on get ready to explore
there's so much to find little Einstein
little hand-sized yeah Oh
hey guys it's bath time for Juliet this
is how we end our night a lot of the
time she has a good little bath before
she goes in her night
alright guys we'll see you tomorrow all
nice and clean and smelling fresh don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
we're in this together
