wow that's pretty you wrote that mhm I
got my finger instead of the nail care
for toddlers come on basic how are you
guys today I'm pretty good it's actually
a really really pretty morning it's
really wet everything is glistening and
the Sun is out weather is perfect it's
gonna be a great day I'm excited to get
to work but first we got to go grab some
wood so today we're continuing to work
on the deck what an amazing day I just
like I can't even get over I'm sweating
my pants a little bit I play this on
Spotify is called undeniable that's what
we'd be able to say right here if you
guys wanna check it out anyway so I have
that tree going through the porch right
here but the problem is I started
thinking if we wanted to look furniture
into the house the wall is going to be
here and so all the room we have when
coming through here and the wall that's
going to go here probably be able fit a
washer to here or on that side so what
I'm gonna do is make a deck around here
in this whole corner and so that's what
we're working that's going to be right
outside that true
we're ready to go uh-huh the low
ponytail good for you okay already ah
doing hair for toddlers a summer on the
house right guys we're headed off to the
gym again because they only have
childcare in the mornings on Saturday
function whoo
disaster averted sorry about that says
can you let Oreo out for me are you you
know it's all rainy out here let's hurry
and put Juliet in so she doesn't get on
anything wet never mind I smell a poopy
diapers we sat on the potty seat for 20
minutes this morning sisters you gotta
do it octopi you know they were already
and ride ready go bye bye
yeah okay oh goodness it's a good day I
might like on a time crunch she may get
that out yes I'll go spy on me
screeching
hey you what you doing just catch
anything
good luck back this is where we're at
guys we are using the previous day as
support for just this part of this beam
because he already has it all leveled as
very strong so I'm confident it's going
to hold this deck it's going to be
pretty light deck like this this is
beautiful
your magic necklace did you just open it
yeah you did break it it's not too dark
out here but I did 30 minutes of total
like non-stop cardio and then I did 25
minutes what do you call it
weightlifting it's not weightlifting
like I'm not like doing the heavy
lifting stuff but you know wait about an
hour workout this morning it's weird
working out back-to-back like I did it
last night then I did it this morning
but it was my only option because of
childcare Network Schlotzsky's we're
gonna get some soup for lunch and head
home it's like we jumped out of a window
window you're home now then showered and
it is time for a little playdate that we
have this afternoon my friend Tessa and
her three girls are coming over she has
three kids just like me and I'm gonna
get a little cheese board together for
us I wonder if I should use my big one
maybe I should just use the small one
there
I tried a new makeup routine I got that
contouring kit in my Ipsy bag this month
and I tried it today you don't know how
I feel about it but it's all powder it
comes in like one little palette it
wasn't like I depend on a bunch of stuff
to do a bunch of steps it's just like
the highlight is a little lighter than
what I guess I'm used to I feel like it
looks like I've got like glow I mean
you're not here that it's lunchtime so I
made some rice same ones we got last
year to open pens for Iceland no one
over you understand big scene okay I'll
make one for gel one for me and
everybody butter
hi guys
go
we're just ate lunch in Joe's car today
oh thanks for the nice dining room thank
you you're welcome very nice dining room
dude that's peanut butter and jelly
that's his favorite you never had peanut
butter jelly I hope you don't bother
home mode this time do but no jelly you
doing what kind of sandwiches deal I
cheese cheese with Turkey and stuff
Chucky you should try peanut butter and
jelly it's really sweet but really good
so yummy you like it welcome to the
world of peanut butter and jelly
very good world it is the combination of
peanut butter and jelly do you call it
jelly jelly or Jam like yummy good
things we'll do it together
someone got into the cheese
and we are already know that's a weight
I think symphonies gonna wake my playing
piano I'm gonna wait by cleaning up a
little bit and Juliet well she's
probably gonna undo the cup that I do
see what I mean undoing the Queen wow
that's pretty you wrote that I really
like the melody of that symphony so Joe
just left and I ran out of screws to put
all my little hangers for the joists and
I started hammering nails instead of
screws I got my finger instead of the
nail
such a bummer only because it's taking
time to go get a band-aid cuz I don't
want to get blood all over this nice
beautiful Alfa that I have on so I gotta
go get a band-aid gotta get a broom we
kiss it for me because everyone kisses
my boo-boos for me look I say hit it
with a hammer that's sad I used one of
these yesterday clean when I everyone's
boos and he was like ah so sting relief
for some reason I thought it said
steamed free so it's my turn
see how this feels oh she wasn't lying
sting freaked my bite now I could use
the hammer and hit this finger as much
as I want now and it won't even hurt
because we've all had a house I need
some of this lotion he got me my
stocking hands I feel really dry what I
was trying to do was secure this joist
the itty bitty nails so hard to manage
but I'm not a screws
so yesterday guys when I did the
Pythagorean theorem I did that like on
one of these doors over here so now I'm
gonna have to do that all over again
because I extended the debt all the way
over here because what I'm going to do
is create another deck lower than this
one you like games drawing guys it right
there on the outside joist that's the
only one that's going to be showing so
funny so I'm gonna make a lower deck
right here under it and it's going to
come around to the front of the house
there are you been a while I'm good
nobody is here since I have jealous I'm
super jealous not fair this is Tessa
little baby she's so big now almost a
year what are you doing look at the show
hi say hello our board has been devoured
and we've added a few things to it like
peanut butter and jelly for the kids
hey tea are you trying to find a snack
what
it's getting kind of late but I'm just
too excited to resist putting the very
first board on this deck which is the
trim that's gonna go right here so let's
get that all nice here that looks like
so excited
it's gonna have about an inch overhang I
don't know if I want to get going the
decking tonight and get started just so
excited all right guys thanks for
joining us today we will say tomorrow
don't forget we love you
I remember to love each other hi dates
over now Symphony I have gonna do H cute
together
needs to build a house early she's right
so I'm gonna write I've got to sober
trigonometry I say triangles I got out
on question 4 so I made it through
question 3 it was platypus a monotreme
comment of the day goes to Haley when
Abram said duck yeah I just about died
of laughter anyways guys I'll see you
tomorrow
don't forget you Tiffany's got a trick
this is gonna be the best firestarter
I've ever had know what you're actually
eating you're eating squirrels do you
know why let me tell you why because
Julia it's trying to mom this little
baby she's trying to mother her
