good morning everyone we're up and
getting ready for church and me and
symphony are about to do something
special before we get ready and this
together
look straight ahead don't put your chin
yeah there we go just like that all
right
I commit whoa you grew a lot since you
were five oh my goodness is well you had
a major growth spurt because he didn't
put five-and-a-half well we didn't put
four-and-a-half either
look how much she grew holy moly
she's going on point here yeah that's
true she had a big girl spirit between
two and two and a half five wasn't so
big and it makes sense - we pretty much
had to replace your whole wardrobe
between five and six I liked you when
you were just tiny said Nana like me
when I was eating wine thank you well we
like you at all your angels me too I
don't know I don't want to eat for
breakfast I gotta get some cereal
daddy's hungry mr. chirpyface forever Oh
Julia is wearing one of my favorite
outfits for her and I've been waiting
and waiting for her to be able to fit
into it it's her little bunny kissy
Kissy outfit she's got her little
ballerina frilly socks on girlfriends
y'all are ready oh that's my favorite
bunny oh yeah that my favorite bunny -
we woke up and I got breakfast ready and
while I was getting breakfast ready I
buckled Julia onto a changing table
symphony came and talked to her and she
went in here - I got so excited and
started smiling and talking oh and so
then after breakfast symphony said I'll
put her back up there I'm gonna talk to
her while you get ready so I went in my
room and did half of my makeup and did
my
and stuff check out my ombre you guys
it's looking pretty good
Matthew's girlfriend did my hair I've
been debating growing my hair out and
dyeing it dark again some of you have
suggested that from seeing some of our
older blogs all right come on boo catch
up with sis okay oh not too fast my toes
hurting today
plans change dreams change and what will
you do with all those the wrong
directions
oh wow they go squats you down real low
mom that's low
trust me that is low speaking of
exercise guys today me and the family
we're going to do the 22 push-up
challenge soon as April makes up right
honey for those of you don't know the 22
push-up challenge is to bring
recognition and attention to the high
suicide rate of veterans and so we're
going to support that by all of us
trying to do push-ups
together hey man what happened in here
why'd you throw a on your bed he's still
a guy it got so big
sure I'll fix it for you you're such a
cute guy here I fixed it for you yeah I
took it off because so hot don't get up
what do you want daddy you want daddy or
mommy
I know what you guys are thinking we
need to get rid of that crib don't even
say it
we already know and it's in the making
so my mom wants to tell you guys
something go Greek yogurt is the best
yogurt II eat while you're dying okay
whoa
what is that place smokes guys I've been
hard at work shopping online and I have
a new project for Sam are you ready for
this Sam look I want to redo this room
that we're in know just for the record
guys I rarely ever have these little
lists for Sam I mean the last time I had
one for him was when Juliet was about to
be born we had some major important
stuff to finish up and he requested a
list
other than that when we do big projects
and stuff but usually his own initiative
and he's just very handy around the
house so this time I very sweetly said
do you have time to take on another
small project it's not as big and he
said sure honey these are the ones that
go with blues and I'm gonna have some
blue and gray in our upgraded living
room frothy surf that's kind of greenish
ice sculpture Canyon wind whoo silver
polish I challenge you to a duel come
here let's play swords come here you
guys remember a long time ago I think
it's our first vlog I said I can't wait
I can actually play swords with you
buddy and you sitting in a car seat like
this
holy sword let's play playing swords now
it's really happening
never take your eyes off the enemy okay
yeah here yeah where is he where is he
where is he I don't see him
where is he hahaha where is he yeah I'm
ready to work hard on a room for mommy
and our family hold on look at my cowboy
alright guys it's getting really real in
here we're getting ready for first grade
tomorrow
I'm helping Symphony get her jammies out
for the evening she just had her last
shower before going into the first grade
we're gonna do the gray jogger pants
with a heart on them you think that was
your favorite thing that happened to
centerline even more than riding on a
boat in Florida sweet what was the
funniest thing that happened when daddy
fell lots of Dreams I'm so proud of you
oh you should be that's the way it be
girlfriend
I'll cover you up don't worry honey it's
time to go to bed guys don't like any as
she's nursing right now but we're gonna
go ahead and do coming today it looks
like the cells of the shirt is going
really well
why don't you guys love it that makes us
very happy coming to the day however it
goes to Stephanie Cardenas she says I
was excited for the shirt too I saw the
price I'm bummed now I'm really sorry
that it's so expensive like I said we
really tried to make it cheaper but we
also really wanted to make it special
and in order to make it special put that
gold logo on the back and make the text
and gold to love each other it just made
a little bit more expensive
unfortunately but hang in there because
after a while we're gonna start offering
you know more shirts at a cheaper price
more simple more colors but right now
this is the special edition shirt so if
you're interested we'll put the link
again go check it out and if you can't
afford it guys that doesn't mean you're
not a true fan basic
I noticed that yesterday if your true
fan basic go buy it but I didn't mean
you're not one if you don't buy it but
um yeah we'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for your support and don't forget
we love you guys and remember to love
each other
in this together
