good morning guys welcome to another
rainy day here in Texas me and I got a
special announcement for you huge so to
celebrate this huge milestone of hitting
a million subscribers we Sam and me have
designed a t-shirt for you guys we think
it captures what we stand for here at
Sam Ania perfectly and we think that you
guys are gonna love it definitely we
considered a cheaper option like a
cheaper great shirt
yeah we got some samples we didn't like
how they turned out and so we decided
you know what let's offer a
premium-grade shirt to you guys and do
something special with all the proceeds
we get and unfortunately we don't have
physical samples to show you guys just
yet but to celebrate 1 million
subscribers on the sandia channel we are
so excited to present to you this
sandwich musician t-shirt there's guys
check it out that's available for a
limited time only two weeks on the front
of this premium quality red shirt is our
version of the YouTube play button don't
just use play choose love as you can see
you guys written right below it and
shiny gold foil is our daily reminder
the last three words of every vlog to
love each other and on the nape of the
shirt in the back is a unique gold foil
version of a sam neill logo the gold
foil represents all 1 million of you
guys and it's what makes this shirt a
special edition it's one of the things
that sets this t-shirt apart from the
other things we'll be selling in the
future without a shirt would be a funny
sauce way for you guys to share the
reminder we share with you everyday to
love each other so if you're a true fan
basic go buy a shirt and keep that
reminder close to your heart
we'll have a link in the description for
you guys or in the card or you can click
right here on our faces and go select
from a variety of different shirts
v-neck children sizes I know you can't
wait to get ours we've got ours yet but
they'll be coming here in a couple of
days back to what we're gonna do with
all the proceeds me and I have had this
idea for a very long time to create the
website called fam basic dot org it's
still rough idea in our heads and we
don't want to let too much other back
just yet but we know it's gonna be some
kind of family charity organization and
a place where the fam basic can go to
love on each other
yes guys it's so exciting and if you
want to play a part in this next big
chapter for Sam and Nia
go click on the link in the description
get yourself a special edition t-shirt
and we just can't wait to share this
exciting journey with you guys
good morning guys good morning good
morning guys it's so rainy around here I
missed the sunlight but it does give me
the chance to dress Juliet up in her
little long sleeve theme we did this
sweet little baby what happened to you
widow chick it looks like she got bit by
a mosquito hi pretty girl
hi she's getting so big this thing is
almost too small for her she's only worn
it a couple of times I love the way her
little feet come out of the ruffles and
kick around hi Juliet you wanna vlog
with mommy mommy hey hey guys this
little princess is doing some cool
things yesterday she laughed for the
first time and she rolled from her tummy
to her back what do we need are you
gonna roll over for everybody they want
to see you do it remember you rolled
onto your back yesterday you like it on
tummy time huh you're gonna do it
oh she's leaning to one side we're so
close I my sister made by this and God
made this a heart
you miss Jessica you're such a sweet guy
I hope you guys always get along looks
good we always win you guys are never
one fight no cuz we cuz we'll even sleep
in the same room together she won't
sleep me camera with you I'm a bunk bed
I'm gonna show her this photos when
she's a teenager and she doesn't want
you laying around
we're headed to Matthews birthday party
we're having is turning 38 years old I
thought it was 37 36 oh he doesn't
looked at you Matthew Sam's oldest
brother his birthday is tomorrow and
we're having dinner we need to take him
left 23 miles in 4 CS sir pretty late so
far 29 minutes late
though Matthew told us not to bring him
a birthday present but we insisted and
we wrapped this right here it's the
Florida Cup he clicks the Starbucks cups
you know from different states and we
got him before 2 Cup he already knows we
even got it for him that's what's gonna
be funny that we wrapped a gift that he
asked us to pick up for you it's gonna
be so stupid
no solicitor selling statements Luke
who's here at the party guys the great
Todd Amy yeah he's got some magic fairy
dust for sale right that what it is yeah
she had some fairy dust a little bit
simply I'm just gonna give you one more
dose okay you feel that right like a
little bit later it's we're doing chilly
she goes through so how's the chili
yeah you got a little bean there that
good so your be careful with your mom
let me see buddy I want to see your
dance moves
Matthew show us your birthday moves
Jackson if that one gets a birthday
moves going
on top of the table and did a dance that
was incredible with no shirt on and my
friend said he looked like a Chippendale
dance about 12 oh my gosh it's like
Logan's a there's only the Abram the
great todd amy has a special magic trick
can be that day the birthday boy you
ready see is this funny look at it show
everybody else I don't want to see it
make sure to Sam the app all your guests
your family gets to see it I don't want
to see it I don't care what's happening
go ahead and put it back in the deck
he's right down here
Kristina can get some water ready we'll
have a little tea and good seal right
sealed you've been watching the time you
can rip it open well okay it's not hard
inside there's a carpet
I'm gonna give her a shake and all of a
sudden snap my fingers my ex has
disappeared right now at what would be
really crazy if she had a staining she's
heard it she said she smelled but I
haven't touched you right Starbucks cup
for Florida we're home you're gonna go
to sleep right there that actually looks
pretty cozy can't sleep next to you
everywhere you gonna sleep tell you on
that one u.s. this is where you're gonna
sleep tonight okay buddy come on lay
down see this is let me hear you sleep
there good night guys I love you guys
Hey
lay down you're making her wreath robux
ever there in here guys I was senior in
there making recent a long time yeah we
had a great time at Matt's birthday
party if you guys haven't checked out
our t-shirt yet be sure to go check that
out
I can't wait to get one for myself me
too I think it's going to be our new
travel shirt as a family
oh yeah all of us were those red shirts
when we go to the airport you guys will
be able to spot us a mile away
and don't forget you also only have two
weeks to go get the special edition
t-shirt so to do that and don't forget
also that we love you and remember to
love each other hi guys
in this together
