so guys what do you think we should
listen to to start off this momentous
day of hitting 1 million subscribers I
know what Lebanon opened going this one
okay can I just say something crazy of
crazy all my life has been a series of
doors in my face thing cause like I've
been searching my whole life to find my
own place and maybe it's the party
talking or the chocolate finding in this
together morning and welcome to our
channel of a million subscribers we have
five hundred and sixty left to go going
to happen right here at IHOP this is
where we went on our first lip sync I
think we're going to try to kind of like
recreate that whole day with you guys
along with us because that day you
weren't we weren't vlogging yet and you
guys just saw the lip sync you didn't
see the whole process and our whole
family you know traditions that we have
in fact every single lip sync that we've
made except for one we had breakfast or
lunch at IHOP before or after we made
the lip sync here's our outfits of the
day we're bringing back the og Sam and
Nia from frozen let's eat
you guys are so cute it's crazy to think
we have another little one here today as
always April's acting crazy because we
got the IHOP because where I try and
drink out of a straw with paper so on
everyone man we're at 999 841 so where
do you want to be then we hit a million
it's a pick a cool place home post
office Walmart Walmart we're almost
visit places or Hobby Lobby good job
buddy
yeah these are you pretty Hobby Lobby
another some Depot or Home Depot all
right guys the post office hmm
alright guys so check it out the yo box
is literally like the closest we can get
to all of you guys a lot of letters re
guys here you go balls again but check
it out are you excited this is an
exciting day for us this is exciting
little baby gonna do a dance part of it
even though we're in line here at the
post office
which L is somebody behind cake hey it
goes boom oh my gosh well we almost ran
out space on the cart baby 1 million
subscribers thanks guys we really do
appreciate it
what would be a same
type video without a trip to Walmart
no but seriously the day that we made
our original lip-sync we stopped at
Walmart on the way home but we gave the
kids a nap and ironically I needed to
stop by again today
yesterday when I came I was strictly
getting school stuff and when I got home
I realized we're not laundry so now you
guys know I usually make my own but I
just have not had a chance and with it
being back to school I'm going to try
these things out
we all have super sensitive skin in our
house everybody every single one of us
even Juliet and so that's why I started
making my own laundry detergent but this
says free and clear but perfumes and
dyes I've used it in the past and so I
think it's going to be a good fit top
salad Asian chopped salad booster watch
a ranch Sam would love that
whoa sorry so sorry about that oh my
goodness Ezra st. Raymond's old
yesterday oh my goodness or two days ago
ah yesterday I think yesterday oh my
goodness look at this hmm you made this
morning into all our kids come live in
your name you guys don't know this but
while we were in Florida sandy was also
in Florida and we almost made it to
Pacific Beach na Panama Panama City
Beach we almost went there and stay the
night but it just didn't happen but I
was gorge and were together on vacation
and spirit and this is yeah they stayed
she laid on the beach it was gorgeous
was awesome now that Sandy's here cup
and symphony are in their uniforms oh
you like some coffee and we're gonna do
the first day of school picture that we
did like last year I can't believe it's
already been a year do you guys remember
we had like a camera crew here doing a
big interview for us Oh Sandy's ready
Kathak camera yeah let's go dude there's
not very many options because it's so
wet out here el Symphony smile oh they
look pretty retro standing for my shut
door ya can give me yeah get me down
I do gue become really great out I would
suggest her standing on this there's a
little bladder Symphony come here I'm
just hugging it like this okay honey
like that no don't slide down come down
the ladder see very cute come up to this
step right there babe look at my girl go
now hug the rope there you go
this one goes down your side cute seeing
like right there but you can see the
shed the shed is beautiful and I wasn't
think from that angle and so I was
thinking more like from here Oh gotcha
okay I'm on this step symphony were you
dusted off Sam here
so since the meal subscriber milestone
happen so quickly and our ideas don't
really pan out we did do this Nia had
this idea of doing a cake you know just
with us for here Oh what you got going
on here better okay guys so my goal was
to get a million sprinkles it was really
hard to do the math but I think that we
have as close to a minute as we're going
to get let's see what a million
subscribers look like how they do that
guys let me tell you that we do have a
special announcement tomorrow to
celebrate the million subscribers we may
have a few things coming up okay we have
the plans you still want to fulfill them
just happen right on the money
whoa that's like pretty cool right time
you guys okay let's do white gold white
gold you got a little pattern don't you
Stephanie you see the pattern it's white
gold white gold what would come next my
good job
1 million sprinkles going on the
chocolate cake we're gonna put it in
this bowl right here to help contain
some of the mess all right guys thank
you no okay
symphony you do the honors let's
decorate the cake guys pretty
I guess eaters bring about a handful
once bring over let's get out of here
subscriber okay is that a few more
sprinkles on top of that just a few more
on top there we go alright everybody
back here we go okay piece of cake for
everybody
there you go Abram there's a piece for
you buddy
yeah you're welcome here's a piece for
you Symphony piece for that yeah oh yeah
right there
yum yum yum one
okay one sweet cake yeah sip decamp in
church Abram is still going at it we
should just women I ate the whole cake
just like so now I gotta clean it all up
guys we'll see you tomorrow for other
special announcement see something but
don't forget guys we love you we really
do this much remember to love each other
Wow Wow
we're in this together
