this happened so incredibly fast we have
a lot of ideas in the making for what we
would do for a million a lot we had so
many different things we wanted to do
and just like really celebrate with you
guys and one main one we're gonna do
something guys
yeah it doesn't happen tomorrow it'll
happen the next day my brother you are
my sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to give
well
in this together hey guys check out my
huge giant boxes from bots calm as I
already told you guys I am doing school
shopping getting lunches and snacks
ready this week and so it was the
perfect time for me to try out voxcom
you mama's out there should totally try
this out the most convenient thing to me
when I'm getting ready for back to
school is having things in bulk so
having like big books of snacks and
stuff like that big box of stuff for my
laundry and different things like toilet
paper so that I don't have to spend a
bunch of time going back and forth to
the store and one of the coolest things
about box comm is that you can order
this stuff from the comfort of your own
home in fact I ordered these things in
my jammies in bed while all the kids
were asleep grocery shopping kit free
hello I will take that any day and it
ships to you within two business days
whoo Abram look your favorite crunchy
rice rolls sweetness Abram which is
asking for pancakes this morning so
we'll have to do that first day of
school for sure another favorite for the
lunchbox these Z bars
this joint box of Apple sauces it's
awesome and so guys just for you you can
get 20% off of your very first order at
box calm and free shipping there will be
a link in the description below you just
go to box comm and enter the promo code
salmon Nia that's box calm and the promo
code is simple and easy Sam and Nia I
know that you busy moms and dads on the
go are gonna love having something like
this easy at your fingertips because I
did the only thing left for me to do for
Symphony's lunchbox now is practically
just pack it up I'm so excited here we
come and our first stop is where Abram
will be going to preschool
my big night with LEM oh you see that
playground be little babies at his
school maybe you got it
hi cool I bet downs like try the teensy
wigs eBay oh yeah we can't get in it
it's law school is not in session today
lift you over I can't lift you up there
that would be breaking the rules we
don't break the rules we follow the
rules at school can you say that we're
just hanging out in the hallway now
waiting for the office to open up
everyone's at lunch you like your cute
little bulletin board is Abrams names on
up there yet but I bet it will be soon
are you excited yeah are you gonna go to
school yuppie why what if I don't want
you to go to school you make yeah I'm
gonna miss you so much oh yeah what guys
never I'm useful Oh oh my goodness guys
look at this cutie are you gonna go to
school bubby hey you do maybe they're
back from lunch let's go see what do you
see oh you liked it already
hey I think someone's gonna love school
you guys this is so surreal I cannot
believe Aaron was gonna be starting
preschool he's too little
hey bro you're still my baby I think I'm
gonna cry such a boy so nice here they
just kind of let us roam around while we
were waiting let's go see if the office
is open no guys
I already really really like the staff
that I've met so far guys I cannot
believe we're about to hit a million
it's either gonna happen today or
tomorrow
grazie it's like unreal to me I can't
even believe it I mean literally there's
like a part of me that's like oh we
don't have that many followers on
YouTube no we're just regular everyday
old people which we are but I still just
I can't even believe it
next up of our day getting prepared for
school again is hangar a limo for some
school shoes and a backpack and lunchbox
ravers good job buddy it's for me in a
backpack there you go sweetie cool
that hat is it I think we can make it a
little bit tighter for you
I wondered clockwise look at you can we
see another one thank you sir
okay let's test it out walk around with
it oh he's got that a little snowball
you like it Symphony oh we got to pay
for it but don't walk out the door with
it is that what you want yeah you sure
you like airplanes okay we can get it
let's get in line can you go get in line
behind this little boy at the blue shirt
okay oh well he really got in mind right
behind believe he's all good for school
I can't stand it how many times am I
gonna say that today I don't know honey
mommy's gone I have the baby here and
she's demanding fruits I'm about to feed
her a bottle for the very first time
ah she's just not having fast anymore
ah wicking bag is ready I got milk here
for you I got milk yeah what's this what
is that oh she's like wow dad's coming
out real fast
what a happy girl get the boppie sit
right here on the couch no I want a good
sister oh yeah it's nice
you want milk - baby that's breast milk
buddy I don't think you like that yeah
do you do you like breast milk yeah so
motherfucks
see if you like it no I don't waste it
oh she's so satisfied oh there's a bird
let's go baby don't be mad at mom okay
it's not her fault she thought you'd be
sleeping longer my pudding I'm missing
time careful buddy
and is your fault this is all a month
old while she's sitting in there all
happy and her bouncer with the kids I'm
gonna check on the swimming pool that I
did not cover before our trip see how
bad it is when I left the water had a
really strong red tint to it and now
there is no red tint the filter is
working and it's really not that dirty
there it is the emoji pull the famous
emoji pull almost five million views on
that video the colors are fading fast
probably from two things the Sun and the
chlorine in the pool which was expected
you see whoa I love those shoes man yeah
those are awesome bro looking she liked
it like what'd she do I don't know what
she did she loved it it's all on the
vlog so yeah that's the milk no that's
the second bag I was gonna give her I'm
glad you did it she doesn't need it she
could use me yes I felt a little
depressed and lying natural time to send
me a picture because I was having
separation anxiety and it's crazy right
when he texts me to hurry up I had a
letdown right before I got your text oh
really you didn't even say why to hurry
up and I was like oh no the baby's awake
this is what time she eats you say no
what should be this easy all the time
no that's what scares me I'm scared that
she's gonna want that next time
does she really love it guys would pull
on my chain I don't think she really
loves it yeah absolutely
symphony did she love it okay
huh whoa dude did you see him balance on
that good job look at this guy better
soon I saw that man I'm so proud right
now can you I want to say that about you
I said that one time as a kid I told my
I told my parents while they were
filming my sister on monkey bars I said
oh I could do better than that and I got
on there and I skipped I try to skip two
bars she was just skipping one and I
fell my legs went flying right into the
ladder and it was hilarious they got it
all on video feel the grain in my memory
ever since then because my family kept
watching it back over and over again and
laughing hysterically and so just stuck
in my head because they were really
making fun of me it's kind of funny I
look like that realistic huh yeah do it
that was it that was the lord of the
neighborhood look at that guy Wow well
how you gonna do that one stuff out of
you we just lost a subscriber how
disappointing
oh well huh dad alright guys comment of
the day goes to LPS winter Oh six I
haven't watched him in a couple of days
but when I saw your subscribers right
now I was like wait a couple of days ago
they were just add eight hundred
thousand subs and now they're almost a
million our sentiments exactly this
happened so incredibly fast we had a lot
of ideas in the making for what we would
do for a million a lot we had so many
different things I wanted to do and just
like really celebrate with you guys
anyway guys we'll see you tomorrow for
something special
um don't forget as always we love you
and remember to love each other
the baby's time
we're in this together
