good morning guys we're having a late
start here today I have been doing
laundry and snacking as you can see over
there and I think we've decided that
we're going to put all of these clothes
into our suitcases and just leave them
be because we're taking another trip in
just a couple of weeks and it's going to
be the same kind of weather as it is
here I think that's what we're gonna do
and this together
Stephanie what are you doing this
morning you want to sit up big like a
big girl let's sit you up some new thing
she's doing is she's starting to
recognize the voices and look at you
make eye contact with you when you start
talking to her she has been sleeping
really good one thing though is that
she's supposed to be in a really needy
phase right now and I guess she's kind
of cranky off and on but she's really
not that needy compared to avermedia
what keep them updated huh yeah we will
hi can they get smiles too yeah he's a
mile we are back at MOA mania dave is
gonna show us his lap let's go take a
look at the lab where he mixes his
chemicals crates screens and stuff oh
c'mon I bet you guys will never guess
that this would be inside of a cell
phone store yeah it's called an oka lab
what are you cooking back here alright
so basically we have all your uh all
your screens here okay start off with
this okay and then use these machines to
turn it into that but literally oh yeah
you stick that down on there okay and
this all heats up and you take the glass
off use the zoo it why not to talk
Kissimmee oh it is oh yeah it takes an
hour per screen oh wow but I can you do
it about thirty minutes basically you
put your screen on here this is a hot
blade you pull it down and you peel off
what's called a polarizer and then you
come over here and you just kind of do
that and then you take your razor blade
and you just kind of scrape all that old
old adhesive off that turns a dust-free
fan on
this is a dust-free air filter they're
cool
this goes on here these are this
machines like a vacuum machine you
taking your polarizer it goes on there
like that
and at this laminates it is this like
what we're profitable then just buy it
out all right
well if I find by this it's about a
hundred and twenty five dollars I could
build it in here for about ten bucks
so in a nutshell a cell phone shop is a
lot more than just selling phones Elyse
Davis's this is crate so sophisticated
this is Reema she watches our videos
every day she says came over here's the
head they're regulars here at David's
store excited to meet you first day of
school how was it okay whoa whoa
goodness gracious cool girl gonna be
able to do that I've never been able to
do it are you a gymnastics
Soderberg good job a guy no I mean the
kids are going to get on the paddle boat
not the big boat home here it's good
whoa careful high down the stairs so Oh
me me yeah your fault buddy daddy's
fault
come on dude my fault yeah it is okay
come on for those of you who have been
following us a really long time you'll
remember we did a photo shoot out here
of Noah when he was just a teeny teeny
teeny tiny baby he's not feeling too
good today I think David and Rachel are
contemplating taking him to Urgent Care
he's been tugging as a year in crime
about pushing Wow yeah Juliet hates
being in her Solley Rab it makes me sad
because for me it's the most comfortable
and I just want her to love it because I
love having her close to me like this
in the back of the car forgot about that
hit him they're not in the back of the
carry that's better now she's comfy Lucy
okay
bye family I love you
oh it's so cool but I love you letter I
don't know I can lift you up in that
spread mahmahmahmahma
big you know cat hair big
holding no Tiffany on hold on is to
sliding for them
Oh put trash and it's clay going on okay
we can put some going on a bear hunt
we're go good job guys watch your
fingers find it with this little stick I
don't he's found a different one good
job guys
can you pick that up don't worry a lot
of you guys been asking about Logan and
the situation is as follows David as the
data of Logan Rachel is not the mother
she's a stepmother of Logan and so right
now Logan is staying at his real mom's
house for the week while we're down here
and fortunately it's just how it worked
out but we miss him probably a lot more
than you guys we're really sad that he
couldn't spend time with us hopefully
we'll get to see him tomorrow before we
go tomorrow's our last day or Wednesday
mornings our last day anyway looks like
we got this place all cleaned up guys
good job give everybody high five high
five man for the cleanup Shh how about
this all right when we stopped up
anywhere sighs yeah I wrote it do a
piece those sit-ups where he was going
remember I do remember that was fun yeah
you should do that when we get back home
okay Abrams chilling out back here
looking all cool and my female best sit
down buddy ever sit down no we're not
exercising right now I see my dad only
fell in the water the alligators in them
okay I got it out I don't know buddy how
was it did you get a workout in
no it's too easy for working oh man
Sydney got a little exercise though I
helped break a great clean up the house
because Noah was sick it got a little
messy Union for kids running around here
I guess Julia it's not really running
around three kids running around here we
can get a little messy but she does make
her a little messy we have a mat passing
all this stuff hey you I'm doing
underwear oh I don't want to play this
game with you anymore cuz you're not it
should be seriously can you please look
under there for me thank you why
yeah man you're good she's everything
under your doggy ah
Richie and acidotic and rice to go with
this family but yeah thank you do you
like it
of course I like it I mean matter what
like you know pretty much true I feel
the same way even if everyone's like the
same complaints about my food sometimes
I'm like what it's not that bad I say
Juliet key hey you okay what's happening
up there here yet recycle
dooby-dooby-doo but i but i do back i
Papa and dad yeah BBQ could you be and I
would do bee do be bee convenient how to
Juliet she's smelling Anna's able look
yeah Bobby jeopardize oh we're gonna
have a baby lips I'm gonna give a kiss
so we do an ice cream or what day a ride
alright thank you okay
Oh tuck the poor fate put put oh I get
my pork are you surprised you to get
back kid you um do me a make it Oh what
am I gonna do about this can I get a
bunch of heck but look it's gettin my
window oh no oh man that was your fault
it was not my fault that just tipped
over does it hold hood in there whose
fault was that it was probably not long
ago yeah okay from another both of us oh
I'll take that way you remake it if you
want do you just throw it to me I know
how to get a grip on it's in my window
yes Oh bill another robbery window and
see what happened brother anyway we're
gonna have a movie night we'll see you
guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you dead go ahead
and love yourself
Oh remember to love each other guys not
yourself you know that see my love each
other
but in this together
