okay what what well back at little
scratch my broken foot yeah yeah I know
but Abraham's just worried about daddy
thanks man okay I don't what cash
why daddy I like yeah cash why it's a
nice cat Idi Amin in this together
guys we're finally on the road to the
beach and after a big fiasco car seats
cleaning the mouth no a little car seat
didn't quite make it all the way here
he's riding on the padding
you get to go back to Chapel next week
be excited you go to school one week
from today that you go to Chapel on
Mondays for guys if you do me name can
hang
after that nice long nap be had but now
you need some coffee to wake up so
that's my double D cup oh you got a
double D cup yeah that's nice
Sam let's uh let's tell the viewers what
you're doing now what you got there red
stripes nice
that's probably Lea what are you doing
are you just texting and double d's
Andre oh how nice okay is it good do
they make it right well at least I made
it right alright so oh nice we're
looking at trolley ticket Old Town
Trolley Tours looks like we have to pay
to park while we go on the trolley how
does that sound Sam really yeah it looks
like at a $5 oh that's not too bad we're
thinking about taking our trolley tour
I'm talking about someone so we're doing
it okay and when you go over here you're
gonna see different types of alligator
everybody gets a trolley sticker put it
on your shirt make it visible yeah
you really do put it lower good point on
that we're gonna take a picture buy it
smile at mommy
hey bro wait one more
are you excited or something we'll come
on give my hand wait get my follower
daddy's daddy and everybody's going to
the back watch your step now
Oh guys see Abram this one has gas yeah
I've got two right what here we are on
our trolley Juliet gonna ride on a
trolley seat okay noe hi baby
hey should I got a map hey guys hold it
you know because I mean it's not safe
get out off the trolley no smoking
drinking alcoholic beverages and we have
to please leave all Convocation go
channel everies ready to go to jail
buddy gonna go to jail you do come on
let's go to jail guys yeah that's all go
to jail together come on follow me
does the sheriff right there is what you
call an honorary trustee badge it makes
you a good guy so we're these probably
right going to the jail
you folks turning your subs in yeah is
there a problem
what's your name the right side it makes
it David and Abram
say hello to everyone hello everybody
everyone say hello to David and Abram
and one go by these two husband have MIT
have misbehaved to Mr Perry's jail now
they're gonna pay
now the charity in the cage deputy's
bringing an injury right up there they
can take that rope throat of the branch
and they're going to haul you up into
the air to you about 20 30 feet up off
the ground swing away like a little
jailbird
oh whoa that's what the term comes from
this serves as both your sleeping
quarters and also has your outhouse I
would like to claim Abram only please
okay sorry David anybody want to claim
prisoner David Rachel yeah who you claim
me Symphony hey there's another one over
here is I was going to get full real
quick Oh also we are a plumbing free
facility no hitter a poopoo let's go to
the jail so we start construction on
Grace United Methodist Church this will
be the first building he completes in
st. Augustine coming up on your left
hand side since the largest defensive
structure autores on your line the
redoubt is placed here solely to protect
the rear of the government house oh
where are we and we been asleep the
whole time it's actually torn down by
Henry 505 getting on over to you
Aaron's got your poop we gotta find Beth
and fast yeah for approval an ensemble
shirt and into my shorts and everybody
starts gloomier approving our pants so
since we decided to get out and find
bathrooms we start for some what is it
sister left
jhalak though as always me and
Symphony's pick the best flavor
raspberry bliss and daddy got stuck with
this is so-so flavor I think everybody
should go to like a Historical Museum
occasionally you know once a year just
to be reminded of time and how fragile
and limited it is just a really good
reminder that time just goes by so fast
when I have one chance at this life we
better get it right I guess okay that's
how you do it you can see the clouds
moving this way right and the worst of
it is right in front of us we're about
to be rained out again we took two hours
to get here and we're never going to get
to enjoy the beach kit here but I'm
pretty sure is kicking everybody out of
water for their own safety you see it we
don't want to get struck by lightning
buddy
Samuel let's check the dock yeah let's
get you it is moving fast look at that
thing
look at the Doppler oh man we're about
to get the brunt of yeah we're gonna
pummeled let's get out here strollers a
hurry run run look at Abram he actually
took over and will come back okay cutie
after the storm passes maybe I'm
into the car just in time right before
the downpour really started yeah we lit
now the downpour is a sprinkle and I'll
sprinkle but we're not gonna make the
beach so I got you guys we're in like
the coolest bathroom ever first of all
the decor in the layout is really pretty
and fancy it smells great but look and
this soap is see so Wow
can you put some in my hands too thank
you
oh you put yourself with that's what you
oh my goodness it get a little more look
guys it turned my hands like again
they're a little brighter
ooh so soft
Wow this is where we're having dinner
tonight
well Sam let's you looking out over
there yeah this much right over know
what a good brother
you're doing good buddy okay you guys we
may make the beach after all that was
the beach we're just met right over
there can't see it but it's pretty much
sunshine and beautiful clouds coming in
pretty cool all that one down so we're
eating I hope we hit the beach again
right guys I mean am i right boy you're
right let's hear it are you right there
baby
oh yeah thank you some chips and some
fish tacos perfect from beach hey that's
cool never take a toy leave a toy box is
there any toys in there go grab a toy
room go grab one
you got a shovel - shovel you want to
bring this a little hoe you gonna bring
a hoe okay go take your pants off you're
gonna swim in those dude come on Oh
you
Juliet's first Beach trip ever you guys
you only go to the beach for the first
time ever once you might go for the
first time as a two-year-old or the
first time as an adult but it's her very
very first time ever at the beach that's
like a cute little milestone it's so
sweet
he's so cute with his little arms out
beach trip is over little success yeah
that was fun like I said the weather is
not too hot not too cold so we were all
able to get in the water a little bit
swim around anyways guys we're not going
to do comment of the day we're going to
get all cleaned up and head back home
it's a really long drive home
over two hours so I'll see you guys
tomorrow
tomorrow is Monday that means three days
left here in Florida and we look forward
to what is in store don't forget guys we
love you and remember to love each other
but in this together
