I know what buddy you're gonna sit in
the trunk you're excited about sitting
in the truck our saw the shadows in drum
what's on my royal way from Terrell to
Dallas in this together we're all to get
in the boat again we're gonna go to a
different spot just call the sand
Sandlot Sandlot
so let me go to the Sandlot it's
basically a little beach on the river to
the pool in the middle I don't
understand it all but some famous fun
sandbar Oh
sambhar as what's called gonna call this
is I got my foot dress today that's
crazy what some motrin can do for your
pain all right Oh
by Symphony test me
I remember now hi guys I know what's
your move
what is there an idea going over there
Juliet do you want to go back on the
boat wow I like the spring water through
this is a spring here
Oh hard Springs oh yeah we have a crisis
on our hands we're trying to find food
got a pontoon it serves money from yeah
now we're trying to find money for food
but we found the food we're going to go
order it found out they only take cash
so hi guys oh wow look at that the whole
swimming pool back here it's kind of
cool it's a similar to Fanny honey mrs.
Huber's we like to do things Ponte
Gnaeus Lee you guys know that and
sometimes it works out and a lot of top
it doesn't fit me so right now we're
just starving Zeff yeah go funnel Oh
cute to get a little boating buddy yeah
we got to get one for you they're really
cute guys I don't know what it is but I
have been a nervous wreck this boat trip
last boat trip I wasn't a nervous wreck
I didn't even get nervous like one time
unless the child was standing up over
the edge or something like that but this
time I have had some major anxiety like
I'm afraid we're gonna tip over
Tiffany want to get in with them turn
around to face a room
he's letting us use a clean slate thanks
to him you got a control like that he
does his kayak don't need too much to
one side once everything is different no
get when you come back pedal backwards
no the other way simply look you got to
push the water the opposite way
no the other way
push forward yeah there you go like that
both sides there you go all right
hi baby cute adorable come back you're
doing good just keep paddling like you
are now paddle on the other side you
have to both sides you have to do both
sides it'll keep spinning circles there
you go all right look at you it's
awesome
she's had it with this son get out of my
face
uh-oh looks like we got a collision
going on over here place is awesome we
just happened upon it because we needed
an ATM machine and that burger guy
soldier lady machine here but there
actually isn't so proud of they both got
in there I'm very surprised that Abram
pops right in it's not like him you
didn't even want him to go to kayak
since you got one
you been asking daddy will get me a baby
carrier that's true
I know that we can find a love okay now
he
I know we can make you
and I know you don't
and I know
they out of the rain it's all nice and
sunshiny again all David good job
serious
he's such a dork oh my god totally did
it back up honey look hey Tiffany hey
push me was that you know one found
about a party area it's like the natural
spring Monday glitter Christian music
whoa we're going to hit oh man
close
it feels good on my hotel feels like I'm
putting on it's freezing water in a
spring and I don't know if I can touch
right there so probably not was it was
in that time what are you doing
whistling
abran once again on the unicorn
yeah you gotta take them off like this
here buddy there's a shovel you're
working boat trip has come to an end and
this little baby's ready to go as much
as everybody else
didn't want to set all night but we just
can't do it we have three kids because a
trooper man but we did get rained out
for a little bit and we made it past the
rain and then we went to different
location with swimming cope coming to
keep coming there you go
yeah come up come up yeah stop there
stop this will be our last boat trip
with Dave and Rach what's that
yeah I got a bus a new dressing for my
foot Davis your boobs humanity's off oh
man I'm gushing blood man yeah no all
right all right the prop hit was it his
former band-aids
yeah I got transferred dinosaurs oh and
gosh where my people pass out the prop
on the boat oh look at that
it got definitely lost some skin they're
kind of this toy scheme well you're a
nurse Sam what should I do
you tell me what did she do just put
some superglue on it think you would
have to what we do in the air we use
superglue it's medical superglue then
all right she goes later see ya bogus
Alan stuff or keep an eye on those
videos and that brings me to comment of
the day which comes from Arriba huh
whatever the brothers get together
someone oh we've got to get her lol P
you ain't joking girl you're not it's
definitely true seems like it really is
true we've been hurting ourselves all
our lives and as long as we're not
together we're safe but once we get
together something stupid hips my
brothers were there in spirit
Sam encourages his brothers to get hurt
because he does have it in him what you
just get into the bowl yeah I never knew
he got I don't know what happened Oh but
anyway guys we'll see you tomorrow we're
planning a fun day at the beach not sure
which one yet yeah yeah there's like 20
million options yeah ma√≠am froze and
cons so uh we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget as always don't forget we
love you happen but as always guys don't
forget love you remember to watch out
for my toe Oh guys
we're in this together
