I felt uncomfortable for like the first
time in my life I think and I just got
pulled over by a police officer it's
yours today so now I have almost made it
on my blog I've decided I'm mr. good
morning guys we're all what feels really
early it's actually a two spot we've
been up since 7:00 and I'm still just
lagging behind but something you just
grabbed a Barbie just like I'm gonna
pretend like she's playing gymnastics so
I have a little surprise for her this is
actually a Christmas gift that's gonna
give her but we ended up doing something
different for her white and saving this
for another time I was imagining her
birthday party that we had like last
minute or something that we
procrastinate on by and you care for but
when Symphony went got Barbies and said
I don't wanna play Barbie gymnastics and
I'm gonna bring it all out in the living
room da-da-da-da-da
it's yours today you have to play in
living room first so I can watch you and
play with you okay
I got it off you guys good job it came
with a trampoline it's even bouncy
that's so cool I'm she's so cute she
kind of teaches the student what to do
what's right again that is just too cool
huh you like it
did you Cutler to show us Julia got
really quiet for a little while and she
came in here with my notebook that I let
her in and she had colored hey say no to
mama okay so anyway she came in here and
this is what she opened to yes I want to
show them are you embarrassed that you
got into a marker do you feel
embarrassed about it I think she might
be a little buddy I cook you some
pop-tarts okay buddy I'm glad signing
work all right these are nice and warm
so you might want to eat them soon okay
hey guys welcome to another damn broken
box you and I here we are working on
this porch those this deck it's kind of
funny that we're doing a deck before
anything else but like I said I'm doing
this to learn and I need the extra space
for this wall Oh Joey don't buddy
we have all this laid out I mean just
looking great first time I've ever done
anything like this it's like beautiful
work here very technical shows right
extremely technical
alright guys it's time for me and Joe to
get the other half of this beam up
and there is our 65 foot long beam so
right here is where they they meet the
beams that's where I cut it here in here
and I made an overlap so I'm gonna bolt
these suckers in and there ain't no
moving this overlap at all that's gonna
be one strong beam I've been trying to
overkill it on this house so far that I
don't know exactly what needs to be done
because you're supposed to have a
structural engineer here to tell you
exactly what you need for what how many
feet everything needs to be apart for
what size beam this is sort of an
overkill but I like Overkill's did you
know you have a good solid structure
alright guys we're putting up our first
choice on the porch see how it does Joe
you ready Joe Joe yeah and apparently
lines and then rest on there here we go
yeah but I don't teach you something can
you grab one of those ties for me those
are called strong ties can you say
strong tie as you can see I already have
one right there you see it we're gonna
put another one in on this one can you
help me
there we go you want vitamins yeah here
they are you get one at a time line Oh -
yummy all gone
that's right guys we've been taking
Juice Plus around here for the last I
guess it's probably been about a year
but especially with it being flu season
I'm taking a little bit extra
I do the capsule it has been great with
final sickness in our home and helps us
to stay sicker for like a significantly
less amount of time they're like what
other people endure during sickness
especially during flu season I've also
been trying to take them more
consistently because I've been working
out and on that note I want to share
with you guys a little bit about my like
fitness journey for 2018
I'm Year's Day we were at Great Wolf
Lodge as some of you will remember I was
wearing a swimsuit in the wintertime
which is kind of rare I felt
uncomfortable for like the first time in
my life I think I felt really
uncomfortable in a swimsuit I decided
that I was gonna start working out again
this year we came home on the first and
I worked out that night and then on the
second I worked out again and then on
the third I worked out again so today is
the 26th of January and I have sincerely
worked out every single day of the year
so far or not I've almost made it all
month long I've decided I'm gonna shoot
for the entire year and yeah just want
to share with you guys the Chipmunks
ride in a wagon full of peanuts goofy
rides a body Lightning McQueen is a car
the dwarfs ride in a boat and ammonia
okay now we so guys I'm leaving this
tree right inside of the deck it's gonna
be kind of cool um much maybe we can
like build a bench around it would that
be cool like a circular bench what do
you say Joe kind of creepy I probably
need to leave some space with your elbow
it's pretty cool that there's a tree
right in the deck so I'm gonna get this
probably a couple
three they're gonna have eautiful this
is more level than any part of this
whole house all right guys this is for
you out there who say algebra has no use
in your future right now I am during the
equation to make this square this very
end over here perfectly square unrelated
to the house cuz I'm pretty sure the
house is not perfectly square but I want
to make this porch perfectly square so
I'm using the Pythagorean Pythagorean
Pythagorean a squared plus B squared
equals C squared so in order to find
exactly what squares in this area gotta
measure from there to there after I get
this number
I'm excited to do it let's try it out
and get my trusty calculator if you like
such a genius right now okay 129 times
129 equals sixteen thousand forty I mean
they can either were stabbed eight times
equals loss plus equals have to get the
square root of that number oh yeah okay
you get to one side it becomes a better
calculator did you guys know that about
that bond twenty one thousand two
hundred sixty-five let's get the square
root hundred and forty five feet point
eighty two all right so this line to
that corner that's what that number is
we're at one hundred and forty five and
a half our hypotenuse here needs to go
out a little bit further great this tape
measure doesn't break down the feet in
inches so at 12 feet three inches well
times 12 is 144 see this requires a lot
of math guys so 145 and about eight -
that was our hypotenuse ah my first time
using the Pythagorean theorem in real
life Friday which means it's Symphony's
world day and so we're gonna do a fun
little project for symphonies won't but
you guys are gonna get to see a little
bit of it too and then you can go over
to her channel later on and watch the
full video
alright Symphony tell everyone what
you've got going on for your channel -
okay so it looks like it should be fine
bad but it's Lineback so what's your
plan what do you want to happen on your
channel okay so I wouldn't um put slime
BAFF in a bowl and then I want to hide
shopkins in it and then there's a
certain shot can they'd have to work for
okay that's a good idea
while Symphony makes her video Juliet
wants to stir - so I'm gonna let her
have at it water splashing everywhere
and then she is gonna do that huh I know
right mommy you ever yep there went the
water all down onto the floor sister
when you say watcher what - that's right
all right if you guys want to find out
which one was the mystery shopkin you'll
have to head on over to symphonies world
click on her latest video and see for
yourselves how this adventure went down
did you fall asleep no yeah you did you
did fall asleep doing here why it's not
keep going we gotta get this dirty
clothes off you but this means Abram is
gonna keep me up all night not a big
deal because I have so much trouble
sleeping out here guys you hungry buddy
I'm wondering too man
all right there's my happy meal that's
my happy meal salad did he order the
salad yes
but that's my happy meal oh that's hers
thank you all right let's see what
everyone got and this happy meal what
again dude you got like three of those I
think ties both of them okay good so
there's a replacement you didn't lose
them a throw boy huh what Oh
nice buddy that's really quite what I
didn't say that the instructions say
buddy okay step two if I ain't a light
comes on I get free
that's what I'm talking about I'll have
my nuts you know what I mean yeah we
have yet to clean up the slime from
earlier so the girls are enjoying a
little movie time while they eat at the
table that dad evening which is always a
treat it's kind of like having a little
fixing I think I'm gonna leave the slime
out overnight I do it it's like if I'm
gonna put it away somewhere I just get
rid of it oh my gosh I just picked up
this
ya know didn't you have enough ice cream
man are you eating the window I'm so bad
at eating healthy guys because I reward
myself for eating healthy with something
like far sweeter far more less healthy
for me than what I would have ordered if
I didn't eat healthy you know I sure
just got the food Big Macs and not had
any ice cream but no I had a salad and I
thought I deserved some ice cream and so
I got too much I ordered three hot fudge
sundaes cuz I've been working really
hard today I don't feel like walking so
we're just gonna take this thing I would
be coming here for anyway
oh yeah we were going to get a game
because everyone I'm gonna get a game to
play with oh yeah we're oh my leg hurts
so bad there you go make it a riot let's
find the games stop stop stop stop
actually sir we're trying to find the
games like board games
okay should we get man yes well look at
this game man boo operation your
favorite knife Avery
can I pour Abram I really want to play
twister with you dude I'll be so fun
dude you're gonna love it okay you just
gotta give me a chance get yes we're
gonna connect for two but if you want to
play connect four you have to play
twister with me okay
well most of Broken Bow guys and I just
got pulled over by a police officer you
know what you do when the officers I
don't want to argue with them and he's
trying to tell me I was going 83 miles
per hour which I'm almost positive I was
not going over eight I don't argue with
them but he gives me a ticket
really nice guy so I'm hoping he's gonna
let us slide because he's lying to me
don't we see what happens
I see driver's license back thank you
sir it is valid I'm verified on the
computer itself okay how long you had
that place up there um I just got like
four months ago salmony if you want to
check it out Sam and Nia Sam my name and
my wife Edna my wife's name oh yeah me
okay Sam in the well I didn't get a
ticket that was nice really nice officer
just curious about my life really is
what it was hey guys just got a shower
and I'm about to do my little um nightly
face routine but guess what time it is h
q h q h q Sam can't play with me he
doesn't have enough signal but what if
so I'm excited I played earlier like at
2:00 p.m. and I made it to question
number three or anything I was playing
this game and like rocking at it because
I just don't seem to be rocking at it
and I'm pretty good at trivia there's
some hard stuff I've been using
Dermalogica you guys remember I bought
that at Christmastime at Ulta and I'm
still been using it I love it
I'm just really good almost
Oh check it out there's a new host host
which of these is part of a PBJ sandwich
jelly obviously
jelly sandwiches by the time runaway
Burma which of these mattress sizes of
the largest King full twin King yes guy
got to force a man I used to play this
together and then he you know went to
Oklahoma as always and now I put it on
myself and I'm gonna be so competitive
when he gets back
we can't play together in your another
play separately 300 is the maximum score
in which of these games move squash I'm
gonna go darts guys I know I got two
questions so lame anyhoo let's do a
comment of the day it goes Ally grace
God has been faithful to my family and I
by carrying my dad cancer alley that's
so amazing I'm so happy for you guys
that it's just such a special blessing
and also a gift that not everyone
receives when cancer is in the family so
to those of you who have suffered or are
suffering from that we love you guys
we're standing with you guys same
prayers for you guys and on that note
we'll see you all tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other yeah you could eat chips on your
teeth
whoa okay
