good morning everyone day number two in
Florida I just had my quiet time outside
on their beautiful porch I posted a
picture of it on my Nia's nest Facebook
page if you guys haven't discovered that
you should go check it out
you ladies it's not really a place for
men it's like a community place for
women in this together the kids have
been playing outside with Uncle David
while aunt Rachel's making breakfast Wow
look how soft their sand is that's nice
that's really nice bubbie are you
cooking stuff yeah I know I good morning
oh good morning symphony you're making
juice oh there a couch out here Larry
sweetie okay kitty cats want to go
inside I don't blame you guys these kids
are loud I need you to do one I'm almost
positive that are broke at least one for
Angie but I'm thinking I broke this one
and this one in fact this one looks
deformed and it's making me nervous
because a little bit of numbness to it
so I'm just kind of limping around
should they made it through the night
without Mia kicking it that was pretty
nice and I'm very fortunate for that but
those throws are getting fatter by the
hour my flip flops down there okay we'll
see you later I love you Juliet I'll be
right back baby
Oh Lily hurt ha I love you my baby
I'm a toe aah I'm a toad a poor life
being a big old baby my toe I can't make
it you really need me to carry you just
please hold that leg for me we're gonna
put my stuff oh I get a phone call
so does is happening to me why do I
deserve this when it started when they
start more than others
we saw them move like this here now
nobody even care about me Davis parcel
manatees in the river that we just want
to swim right up to our boat check that
out whoops this right here both Oh home
I want to know and mother just today is
yesterday so I just want to get extra
make sure it break it look make sure
it's not just lucky like that yeah
what does all have everybody do dis
actually goes to the chosen it made it
out of stuff that glows instead of how
to use certain amount of radiation so
worried about you shoes group hug are
you alright so you definitely broke it
so right here well not that one though
you just broke that one the pinky toe
yeah
and so there's this three bones in the
toe if you're really scaring it and they
look at all the Crichton yes yes you see
how these look this is the normal toe so
this is okay if it just causes something
simple like a transverse fracture what
we usually recommend a buddy tape he
says kind of like a crush injury like at
my toe and in so it looks like where it
broke that's kind of sticking out a
little bit kind of confusing but yeah
this understand I'm saying is like
crushed hey but I'm glad it's just that
toe I feels like both toes oh I broke it
honey there's no there's not much you
can do for broken toe whoa careful man
don't touch it it really hurts oh you
will be had a spleen away yeah broke it
I broke this one damn broke it right in
half
get a good x-ray yeah oh it's it doesn't
look too bad on the x-ray get my little
part well don't hit my toe
David likes little toys - I gotta get me
one of these guys whoa whoa nice
how did you see that man I did why you
want to try they're not playing on this
whole RC track it's completely after you
get ready for a race - mom
so we're warming it up for him come on
dad come up here you can see everything
oh here it goes whoa you see it I can't
even go over there there's so much of it
just put me back over day you're stuck
to know they've got Steiger is it okay
not really stuck oh thanks sweetie
yeah just that can you fix mine too
you got to fix the orange one - daddy
I'm gonna go through a room try to wake
up this little person Oh sleepy girls I
can't go over the Humber
you should definitely show them that's a
really cool tree what I'll take you to
see the tree since Sam is so heavily
injured Oh men you women know they get a
cold and it's like they've got malaria
or something but no this tree is really
amazing check it out see how beautiful
it is so cool I don't know what that is
hanging down is it moss so pretty you're
taking such good care of Noah oh look
its Symphony yeah I don't want to move
away let me get a shot of you coming and
then I'll move real fast
the monkeys are Wow is that what that
long yellow thing is now there's baby
monkey bars baby monkey bars can you do
would you guys look at that the crippled
came out of his little cage she's gonna
get me I'm always afraid the drones
gonna like slice my face Stephanie look
at the zipline here
hey Symphony there's a little girl over
here who knows you from YouTube do you
want to say hi
her name is angel hi can you give her a
hug we have it yeah oh we do at our
house oh man you're strong okay cool
really cool I'm getting a little Sun oh
please you're so silly Sam just had a
very poured accident you guys it was
just like death I'm just kidding he he
banged his toe really hard on that show
it to her that's awesome yeah we'll more
we go Munoz thank you now daddy needs
one on his little baby toe Davis
dressing right toe for me I'm trying to
get his toe ah be careful dude oh yeah
just oh sorry rope in gym it doesn't
I'll be excited but over here like this
just kidding this is nice or one bad
drunk you guys you can do it like that I
see you guys in the comments sections
asking what a Sam always get hurt and I
don't appreciate it cuz I don't always
get hurt
get her as much as anybody who's as
active as I miss her right I don't think
so
that's just some toe injury everybody
stubs with toe I just happened to stop
mine a little bit too hard and she and
her two daughters
Todd hey headphones talks more like a
little baby y'all way to go a baby
bonding good job Rachel made us some
spaghetti with your amazing that looks
and after we eat spaghetti hey stop
fighting you just love each other
remember we love each other
Stephanie what are we going to have to
eat spaghetti no we're gonna go you fro
yo yo no Roman yogurt X bro yo oh my
gosh Vinny must be candy or you gettin
oh yeah who's that pretty girl you see a
pretty girl
here you want Pasi you're passing here
we managed to get the whole family
packed in the Hummer
there's symphony hello shopkin princess
oh poor guy I don't know poor Shane
he broke his pinky toe very dramatic it
shattered my pinky toe you did not check
basically shot again to do this
everyone was on our buttons this is not
something says if you get twelve and a
half ounces it's free beep and guess
what I've done it did you get 12 12 and
a half hours Jacqueline yeah I've got it
really this it means Yoda does she got a
little bit of everything on hers look at
this oh my gosh dude it's a bummer guys
I really wanted to go wakeboarding on
that River I was going to go bye wait
for everything just so damn if you pull
me behind a boat and let's list it
alright bye um we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we left and
remember explode each other
we're in this together
