Oh
you are my brother you are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same heart
got to live
got to give
where I won't
and this together getting ready to go on
a boat gotta admit I'm a little nervous
to take this little tiny girl on a boat
look at that cool dude yeah you're a
poor way to do that man we are about to
hit nine hundred thousand subscribers
guys I don't know what happened past
couple days so we want to do something
exciting for today so what we're gonna
do you guys aren't used to yeah this is
a really cool place it's on the river
huge slides rope swings looks like
really fun place yeah oh yeah and he is
going to nurse and we're gonna head out
the bulbs Gruber place come on let's go
it's the river we're going to the river
the river
we did it guys 900,000 whoo we're gonna
celebrate with my boating a ride to
jumping into the river and hurting
ourselves right now
so you're hearing sure
I'll sit on the low road I'm not going
behind one just because we did it
matters okay the only problem is it's
really hard although I've been involved
a moment
look at this baby the first time on a
boat she's doing a lot of first out here
this bath valve is hot weather well to
watch people wear minds are being in the
tummy
you don't go fast a little bit back I
see them you see you buddy
they help you there's some we're going
to go eat some lunch before we go out to
Bob's place we're waiting for a food it
is really soft
oh she's what you mean
definitely
we found a natural spring and it's
freezing supposedly it's 72 degrees like
you
oh thank you oh sweet look at that a
heads up pigs pies volleyball how cool
down it's like it's closed before water
I guess I thought it's flooded oh wow
this little little kid water park over
there look at that a hammock wow this is
awesome
that's so cool
it don't get washed down I guess this is
Bob what what but sighs four waterslide
stick your bottom in there yeah we got
plenty of room okay it's made of metal I
should have made mine out of metal
Oh
think I broke my toe guys OOP we're
running down this ramp over here they
was like I want to suggest I was like
this for running down or what is like I
want to suggest it got to the bottom of
it and you twist it and I like stumped
stubbed my toe like the ultimate toast
up right there look at that - oh my gosh
can we pop it back ever might need to
pop it back I'm looking back I
don't know where it looks like it's
losing circulation though
and you know the hospital can't do
anything for you maybe it looks like you
might have just popped it on a place
maybe it went back yeah all right it
does a little bit but it's like kind of
numb at the same time that's a blessing
looks like it resolved itself let's get
back on the swing day symphony made a
little friend I don't know how I feel
about this little friendship I'm just
kidding company can be such a little
boss I can see her over there playing
with this little boy and just like so
that's how you do it you sit down and
then just like this you hop off yeah
like that that's how you do it that's
how it's supposed to go it's amazing
this looks like something Sam would
build if he had enough momentum boom
yeah like or enough space I don't know
Oh like the slide off the roof to our
pool this is probably how this guy got
started and thought he could build
something and make it legit and just
kept going it's such a cool place and
nice and clean no profanity boys pants
or swimsuit must cover underwear this is
not a public water park oh I didn't know
that
ha
not happy
he has rarely this beautiful place every
when you go rinse you off buddy okay
let's go take a dip hey Bob did you
actually build this place yeah I
actually built it you built it on your
own
yeah Wow leave it thank you so much for
opening to us we later before you guys
are doing so much pop up hey Bob
every time I take a step throbs actually
I'm pretty sure I broke it almost
certain about my foot we're just hanging
out my room here okay Dan we match again
today actually think it's two toes now
the pinky toe and the ring toe the ring
toe horse so I think it's a fourth toe
you leave this guy gonna happen I
thought you're gonna crash the drone but
really my feeling was that you don't
break it I had feeling mmm so gonna
happen today so this is gonna break
someone who's hurt I think David had the
same feeling because he's told me not to
do it I did it anyway
he's turning out for me I should have
done what Tiffany told me to do and
that's listen to my brother we're gonna
wind down and watch a movie together no
scary movies guys I can't believe we hit
nine hundred thousand subscribers today
we are now at eight nine hundred and six
thousand no it's actually nine hundred
and eight thousand we just checked yeah
crazy
we're just so thankful for all nine
hundred thousand of you guys we just
like this is all from God and while this
is huge yeah so each to us this is so
small compared what he can do for us and
what he can do for you guys and it's
just we give him all the glory for all
the success we've had on YouTube every
single bit of it but uh we'll see you
guys tomorrow as always don't forget we
love you remembered a little bit
you can make
Oh
we're in this together
