you are my brother you are my sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
mom
got to give love
in this together morning guys
we're going to the donut shop looks like
he's getting windows jealous neighbor
right here you come in or what bring you
love me I'm just bringing you home blue
you've been here before ready yeah but
we had an in here a long time
cup they always have copier looks like
we got
you ate it man yeah no the blue doughnut
good
what figures covered make you mad yeah
I don't want to pack good morning guys
it's a day of packing I really don't
feel like doing it that's so cute Sam
take the kids to the donut shop it's
been a while since we did that they're
so excited such cute little chipper
moods I on the other hand yeah she's
been waking up at like 6:00 or 7:00 in
the morning and she goes back to sleep
after that feeding and so I go back to
sleep with her because nobody else in
the house is awake yet
really I should just get up and like
start my day because it just makes me so
sleepy like waking up and going back to
sleep I just I can't handle it I don't
take naps in the middle of day for that
reason I've been up for about two and a
half hours now and I'm just now getting
to my donut that Sam brought me and my
donut has shrank this was an entire
apple fritter and now Frank a tenth of
an apple fritter it's so small but
that's okay that's really all I need for
breakfast anyways hey miss Sally
what is happening here honey Julia are
you ready to go see Devo because
everything is better at Grandma's you
ready little cutie it's a good color
cute yes you do
have you in greasy vevo in your
grandma's shirt your ruffle believably
did you talk to you flipped her over oh
sorry sorry
occasion evil never see good people have
a ruffle but for you
Oh uh-huh
it's a funny show you like this rubble
day Oreo you watch the house girl okay
keep an eye on it for us we'll be back
shortly
I've got a pet yeah guys look how cute
Ryan got Juliet this little outfit
there's some of the cutest thing so and
let go rat little clouds on it little
clouds on the knee nice taking Juliet's
mic what about the vlog is it here you
go what something like hey knowing you
haven't made it parents on the vlog in a
while how am i doing
drew yeah you just got back okay well
spam basically the basic yeah going
great man aren't you asking you guys
done more leaving all section check
these things out these are awesome
how can you give these salaries so for
those who you don't know this is our
gospel community group the small group
within the church way is like 677 and we
are meeting with ya and Ryan's house
tonight what we do is we come together
and we just try to share what's been
going on throughout the week me it's on
Mike's place get them you guys done
there's a girl for you ready thanks Lucy
what happened in here guys he just
dumped them out every what's on my foot
what is that let go
No
we leap do it do it with me give me
little indie a bun treat a potay no head
bobbing it oh yeah oh yeah yeah if we
change the diaper if that doesn't do it
we feed her that doesn't do it we burp
her if that doesn't do it we talked to
her and that usually does it and right
now she wants to be talked to she'd
really fussy at home good boys
see watch as I walk where she start
crying we gotta finish packing get this
house in order before the name so they
don't come back to wreck right bad it's
9 o'clock and we're still a lot of
attack we're living in the morning oh so
cute I can't stand it just want a
squeezer
squeeze your two fun
you're too fun to talk too much we do
match hello a color-coordinated today
crazy tonight a GC we've talked about
handling disputes within the marriage
and when it came to us the question was
how do you guys handle disputes in your
marriage and basically my answer was I
hate disputes and I avoid it at all cost
and I feel like Nia kind of look for
disputes or is out to resolve issues
right I don't handle conflict very well
I feel like there's um any kind of sense
of sweetness I'm sad about it or I'm mad
about it and I feel like that's just not
a healthy way for me to be a mom or a
wife or you know it's just too emotional
inside of one have conflicts resolved
you know but you know I think it's good
we're we're both that I like to avoid it
and she likes to find it that way unless
she likes it's obviously not healthy I
don't know what he's no I do I think
there's a middle to that and we both
kind of meet in the middle like we have
to do some but not too much like yeah
that's true
no one I mean yeah we're working to find
balance I guess that's a good way to put
it and that's healthy the fact that
we're working to find balance
yeah anyway guys wait a good night
something for us to talk about how do
you guys handle conflict in your
marriage I will see you guys tomorrow
flora
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
cranky cranky baby cat isn't the talk hi
we're in this together
