good morning guys can you tell what kind
of night / morning we had around here we
got our saline drops and no sucker I
even attempted the Nosefrida and this
together we literally got like no sleep
around here last night Juliet has been
sleeping so good at night and then she
caught Abraham's sickness and she could
not breathe the last night it was the
saddest thing ever it's time for you to
wake he wakes it's time for you to wake
you think I did it I woke up sleeping
beauty
oh you are you throwing up kids around
here it's cleanup trying to get her hair
ready oh oh guys sick kids and always
still have to do grocery shopping and
Sam's mom need some help with some stuff
so we're getting ready to head out and
go to her apartment where you go you
gonna do ya know down there do feel so
good and target right now so I just want
to stay here on the couch
ticking hot Jessica went out to do her
own shopping she's too cool to hang out
with does it shed a lot - man from all
giving money to buy food out here but
we've been buying our food first I said
keep all your money save it up bring
your own stash it but when you really
need it but instead she's spending it
over there on clothes and stuffing Jeff
just let us like it let's just get the
essentials cuz we're leaving in three
days and three days we're one for two
guys so we don't need too much just in a
few little things milk box of cereal
yeah that's about it
that is my first Instagram story I'm so
excited that instagrams start doing
stories because we did not want to get
on the snapchat train just because it's
one more social to keep up with and we
try to keep the limited YouTube
Instagram and Facebook that's it and so
I'm excited that throwing stories now
because I've always wanted to try it out
and I'm getting to try it out today
on my Instagram account so if you guys
want to go see our story of our trip
here at Target go to San Paul photo on
Instagram checks out just got a full
filter guys I try to filter out all that
red so we can have a clear blue pool
again
think it'll happen bad yeah right yo I'm
making it baby
for a V who's a V inter birthday today
who's a V our imaginary where is she
right there that tractor Oh crazy kids
for the crazy imaginations I love it
here's the pool guys through really
really red but you can actually see the
bottom now see the teeth of the moji so
I'm going to change out the filter and
then we'll see what happens see the
lines coming out of the pool throw red
it's so funny that's crazy
be back on here okay today I'm gonna
work on my canoe
if you guys recall we broke the seat
when we capsized it last time me and I
were on it and so I went ahead and
bought new seats for it because I
couldn't salvage that broken seat you
like those new seats there's little new
seats out of 2x4 here and this is what's
supposed to go here
the little yoke this is called a yoke
and then the little thwart is gonna go
there it's gonna look as good as new
let's try to keep the ants out of your
creases today okay okay sweet cheeks
afternoons like this are so awesome it
makes me so thankful for this little
area out here that Sam put together a
place to sit Juliet just had her little
afternoon snack and the kids are playing
Sam's building I really like moments
like these it's so fun oh my gosh I'm
one just stung me
I'm serious in it just dug me oh my gosh
you guys remember when I made these I
got these replaced too kind of sad to
see him go
lucky for me I just got this trusty
little hand vacuum I'm gonna vacuum out
here and then we'll be able to sit
comfortably
be careful Jessica lots of ants she's
told me she's holding the baby for me
low vacuum yes I just got bit by an ant
and one was crawling on her
mommy
bubbies come to see you see there's an
ant right on the screen
everywhere what's up little dude oh when
you say hi to your baby that's ended up
being quite the job I'm having to cut
all these the size what are you doing
all right she's brand new so be very
careful now oh yeah
little shaky that's your seat young go
boating with me yeah I heard it crack
ohh I have weight limit 70 what are you
showing okay
leave this stripped it out completely
stripped it out before I got this bolt
screwed up Lamar
unbelievable but here it is finished
product you're in it now
your choice now it's time to put it away
I definitely won't be taken out before
we go to Florida but when I do try to
take it out it'll be ready now it's time
for a dip oh my goodness Barbies he
really did get ten feet oh that's
actually pretty cool that's cool daddy
are you sure wasn't really like that
right I said King Street looks really
cool going backwards on here say fun cuz
you don't know when you're gonna hit the
water
you're right buddy through it never pull
just like a pro we would live for the
first time on you now today and we're
trying to find the GoPro so all of you
who were watching we finally GoPro it
was right behind the leg of the ladder
like hiding right behind it yeah the
girls look there were certain that it
wasn't here in the fall but here it is
he's just tonic on my face once a day
let's see if it'll take the red out of
it
whoever and ones real good and there's
the red that was in my face with a cool
mommy watch me i put in my little
backpack
we almost forgot again we haven't
officially started sir you brought you
some oh my goodness look at that sleep a
look at that little thing she loved that
time guys like a minute ago she was
going crazy she got on the water and
this is what she looks like now she was
still feisty she just like mommy she's a
little fishy yeah we happy any water
baby it is how I have to meet her
boredom
hi guys the days over I picked comment
of the day today comes from Calum
Matthew she asks can you do a Q&A with
Abram I don't know how to spell his name
he's called it write PS what you guys
they'll be really fun to QA with Abram
I'm gonna do that maybe tomorrow yeah
but a great idea great comment thank you
we love when you guys give us these good
ideas but we will see you tomorrow don't
forget guys we have you and remember to
love each other
he's Duke you gonna be so cute when she
can splash you imagine little hands
we're in this together
