hey don't ready in this together
do you still feel sick nope you um you
look Kraske nee you know some breakfast
yeah pink or white or purple block you
can yump it they're not making it any
better you need to use that new brush
under her that's crazy
look at it good morning yeah baby yeah
decided you read Wow there you go
do that for last night
Oh No
sowwy right - you notice the fellas wall
because you're so observant what exactly
you're gonna wear a jacket jeez you guys
are freezing cigarettes were sucked you
want her jacket captain Abram Erica she
curtain me attitude
no wonder other kids are freezing the
thoughts on almost 50 degrees on 60 G
Louise you know this is this is a dry
pull-up I'm so proud of April for the
past few morning's or probably longer
he's been waking up with dry pull-ups we
eventually need to get this guy a big
bad you guys keep asking when are you
guys going to get him a big boy bed the
answer is kind of holding off because we
know once we get him a taller bed is
really xscape in it a lot because he
hates going to bed and it's going to be
a whole new battle for us so we're just
stalling it as long as possible mommy
just made us a tall sausage and egg
breakfast you're so sweet now she's out
here getting her thirty minutes and
leave you come again how are you oh good
we just are here to get our nails done
for summer these girls were in here last
time I was getting my nails done and
they walked our Channel
Oh Jessica do you have a normal color
that you always pick out that you prefer
for yourself so what color are you
thinking
I like he likes me I'm doing pink I
pinned you for like a neon orange kind
of girl for neon yellow you like learn
but it's summer so I try to do pass down
spring yeah but it's too spring
what is neon is too much is too bold
summery like these colors highlighter
yellow up there that's what I kind of
thought this market this is her first
time to get a full set she usually does
her real nails that she's doing fakies
today you have your colors here we go
bluish grey I'm going powder dip Joe
right now I'm having to set my hands in
this
acetone is i'm sekime announcin ah look
at her claws are you having fun you like
it is it for good yes you have to get
him shorter than that oh yeah that likes
to get is that how long you're gonna
keep him yeah that looks good I like how
she circled him out too and didn't
square it you didn't like him square
I agree with you like this color this is
the final product our nails like so
summery together did you like it I think
was it fun what felt the best was the
best part I like when they have the
electric thing oh that's my worst I
don't like that that was the most
eventful time at the salon I've ever had
first of all got my nails and my toes
done with Jessica we've never done that
before
second of all ran into a friend that I
went to high school with we were
chatting up she has a baby a little bit
younger than Juliet third of all sandy
came in we were catching up on stuff I
feel like haven't seen sandy in forever
and then something else happened while I
was at the nail salon oh yeah I need to
make one more stop and then we are
getting ready to go bowling with the fam
it's gonna be fun are you a good bowler
Tusker
I'm average average I don't suck like I
don't but I do okay maybe one struck me
I feel like I'm the same way I used to
be pretty good Sam and I bowled a lot
when we were dating he was in a bowling
class or but he's really good at bowling
in my opinion anyways so we're gonna go
do that so before we go we are going to
now I'm still winner of the GoPro that's
right
we picked a random person from all the
people who shared just like several
thousand who shared the 800k video
special and so the winner is drumroll
please
first name is Rachel if your name is
Rachel you possibly want to go pro you
already hear the last night what's the
last name money the last name is often
Rachel Austin you watch Austin you got a
GoPro congratulations this is a really
fun GoPro the LCD on the back so you can
see what you're doing you can do all the
functions on it you have to connect at
your phone like the other GoPros thank
you guys so much you share the video yes
thank you very much you helped out a lot
and Rachel Austin please contact us on
our Facebook send us a message let us
know where we can send the GoPro to and
good to soon as possible Symantec ins
I've only been here one other time and
we've been here twice in the house week
that's pretty crazy right
I'm very sure he's gonna really go karts
again buddy this this way buddy
Juliet is playing on her little play mat
up until this point she's just kind of
been iffy about this play mat and a
little cranky when I put her down on it
but tonight she was really fussy so I
laid her on it so that she could see
colors and animals and she loved it
why did that the butterfly yeah she does
like that butterfly it just hangs a
little bit long when you hang it on
there Thank You Troy did a play - yeah
Emma you're doing this again you're so
great
howdy buddy
look we're just put a little bit back
Jessica's not on the track with us
daddy's got it look that is going slower
for you
just cut up his ops areas
Just Cause racing for real man I missed
it what happened he goes good stop the
whole track no wonder why you don't have
a driver's license yet okay guys it just
wouldn't be a girls night if we didn't
do a little bit of cooking so I'm gonna
make this Fiesta nacho cheese dip mix
that Sam brought home and we're gonna
let it chill overnight and snack on it
tomorrow so Symphony we do the honors of
pouring this in for me love to fluoride
smell it first hey I don't know it
smells really good actually it's got a
toggle ish okay I'm gonna I kinda like
it
come here buddy look who's here
Matt guys surprise for you
Andrea hurry what's up Matt you
hold on Abram is going for Matthew now
he went for me and Andrei up
oh that's not fair Matt actually that's
really so sorry bro
we're good
they poppin
debbye made wreaths for a long time what
do you make it race for that's your
mom's and I'm making a few just to have
on my site for fall cool
we're home now the children are asleep
okay guys comment of the day comes from
kinder can delish I hope their bodies
aren't sticky dot dot dot dot Oh guys it
wasn't really kool-aid I was just
pretending because it looks so much like
kool-aid it was just pooled I it's made
for the pool a few people thought it was
actually kool-aid yeah we were calling
it cool a mic today simply because I
come and watch the kool-aid video it
wasn't like legit the drink you know but
yeah I mean so we're not sticky or not
died but I did put alcohol swab on my
face after the pool and it turned like
all red so I had some red in my skin oh
yeah can you believe that honey
not crazy yeah crazy anyways guys we'll
see you tomorrow don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other
we're in this together
