and this together
come on guys oh excuse me
what position
Jessica are you okay are you okay no I
did as our good morning Juliet you ready
go eat breakfast yeah I eat breakfast
she did yeah
good morning guys we're off to have a
great blessed day today la Edie eggies
are you gonna be good I hope yeah you
guys always go crazy on me over there
it's like a syrup hit you before you
silly we're no restaurant is a week fun
yeah you know that yeah you go to the
playground
wow you're right hitting your seat -
yeah did you - yeah she did it with me
what only wait for Jessica mommy to come
out I want to share reverse with you
guys that really spoke to me this
morning I was very encouraged by there
is no fear in love but perfect love
casts out fear that's the first part a
first time for a teen it is so easy to
be fearful fearful what's going to come
tomorrow fearful of stability with all
the things that are fed to us on daily
basis it's so easy to become fearful but
there's an easy way out of being fearful
and that is to love others because
usually fear as a selfish I guess I'm
singing itself and when you love
somebody
it reverses that so go try it out
finally got you it took forever he kept
getting up getting off the seat so funny
I was just telling the kids that I hope
is not a playground and Here I am
putting a whoopee cushion on the
banisters are you here I was also just
talk about loving each other and here I
am turning embarrass my wife for the
world position but what the cushion was
done out of life on industry I did it
because I love me what is this here to
be quiet
you just wanted to know strawberries
whose is that
Oh Avery oh yeah that's what me and I
got that make this response a bishop for
them an awful maker fresh finish and
some bell peppers okay
we are making the most of this pool this
summer let's see what Sam has up his
sleeve this time
what swim around ready to go
look guys oh right a face Jessica Wow
Jessica's going underwater
that's impressive you're going into
water shower oh this is my water take a
shower
it's so rad
guys who's tired of the strawberry cure
they
so do not turn it grape like I thought
it's just like a darker red now see like
the sunrays going down yes does the
corner now it just looks kinda dirty
she's got two words to hold me four legs
to wrap around me she's not your typical
girlfriend
and smiley
guys that was a wild swim swimming in
pool a dishwater oh I'm a little worn
out now it was so sad Julie it was kind
of crying on to the side it's like out
of the pool and when I picked her up she
had little ants and her crevices of her
chin
I wanted her little fat roll on her legs
they didn't invite her there were no ant
bites but it was still so sad and it
scared me I was like oh my gosh I got to
take her in an attic like clean her all
off and stuff here she is now she's
passed out she already forgot about the
trauma of the ants and Sam is playing
doctor to the dishwasher see here he is
now with a new tool okay see your bag
you're such a mr. Fixit and it's crazy
cuz you look so young sitting down there
the way you're dressed yeah that's his
plugin right there yeah yeah no it's
just in the way everything I have one of
these it has a chocolate here and I put
it in dishwasher the label came off and
melted I think that might be the problem
and there's our problem right there show
me that little ouch okay I gotta take it
out when I'll show you that right there
Oh what is it
so filter I have a filter it's just
gross how thick it is what is that a
Brussels sprout skin man I think is
filthy there's seeds in there looks like
a bunch of yonder she sees all those
cups that it gets stuck - mom bear you
got a brand new dishwasher just like you
wanted just for a new dishwasher did cut
myself Oh what you ain't Jessica I've
never been so excited to do the dishes
it is totally grocery shopping time for
us and I didn't want to go today but I
have to cook dinner so I found an onion
and our frigerator Sam got this awesome
stuff from that orchard fifth day I
always keep frozen chicken around just
in case you know times like this we have
buns in here and so it totally just
threw together some barbeque chicken for
sandwiches and we have exactly five
packages of this leftover consider his
birthday party stuff could be our side
guys you got to see how sweet Abraham's
being right now you came over here while
Juliet was fussing while I was cooking
he shared his blanket he started talking
to her oh yeah
it's Jessica's give me
so cute such a sweet boy
Stephanie caught Bobby's sickness pretty
badly how you feelin sis what feels so
bad I see you smile honey then your
throw sorry I don't want to make you
some hot cider something more like some
warm juice to drink that's what helps my
throat I have your soup can you sit up a
bit you can't sit up and you want some
soup all right no you're gonna have on
campus
Oh
puttin this together
