good morning guys how's it going we've
had a pretty lazy morning here at the
Raider house Sam went to his
discipleship meeting with Heath the kids
had a morning bath they're all done with
that well you already have an outfit out
for today
it's your my little pony shirt and ice
cream shorts remember okay go get those
I'm being summoned if I'm saying mommy
come look at my tower can look at my
tower oh my gosh first though look look
how cute their little horsies are eating
breakfast together oh yeah I like it you
made that for me
yeah thank you did a great job do we
need to wipe your nose let's go in
Juliet's room gudeg the family's getting
ready to finish our special video
yet it's already been posted I'll put a
link right here on Judith's face your
bikini
she needs a coconut bikini no bikini
coconut for today's vlog we're going to
add a little bit extra to the swimming
pool we're gonna add some mochi balls
that's cool says did you do that
it's subtle but cool amazing Dennis
Rodman Jessica
where's hearing a child you should put
some justice hair because it is so blond
oh so really good just tonight one piece
you're awake yet she's wearing Nia's
other bathing suit all right guys let's
blow up some more emojis because one
emoji just isn't enough to describe how
thankful we are for you guys and being a
part of our lives so let's start blowing
these up we got a couple already we got
this cool dude
all right guys this emojis for all of
you who can relate to me who don't take
life too seriously
and this one here it's for the back and
this one is for everybody who's on the
coast
the baby see bad babies and me your baby
Sammy oh you are the baby Sam he's a
baby Sammy
he's like crazy me it's totally coming
out lately forget that little face oh
goodness little face I love this little
shelf I need another one it's the
perfect accent shelf just to put little
things I match her here's how it's been
updated since you guys saw the nursery
reveal Matthews girlfriend's mom made
this really cute vase and I want to keep
fresh flowers and I just haven't been
able to yet let's move her little bitty
shoes right there this is so cute too
because it matches the shoes
it's so cute except they're a little
closer together symphony is getting
ready to wear emit the doggy so let's
try this out I'll be blood
all right just go let's get out here I
want officially welcome you to Texas
okay
for those of you who don't know Jessica
here is my cousin she is my mom's
sister's daughter and Stephanie I'm from
San Diego she's kind of sarcastic she
has a dry kind of humor
you have to hang out with her to really
get it but she's a really nice person
guys give her a break it's not her fault
she can't read she's one of those people
who don't have to study to get good
grades I was telling her I had to study
my butt off yeah you just go on you brag
here you go here's the can't see now
here's the trick you just gotta listen
in class but if you listen in class it's
all in your brain
and then you don't go to study so what's
your advice to people
well sorry but I guess studying really
I'm a cake you need to be on your best
behavior and I don't want you to lose
your composure when you start when you
get your first taste of this ice cream
okay for some people it causes an
immediate addiction okay so when we go
home I want you to promise me that you
won't you will want to buy one promise
me that you won't ask to come back and
get more because I'm not going to do it
I just don't feel like it I promise
all right I also need you to promise me
that you won't throw it up and read
freeze it and use it again because some
people have been known to do that
promise okay let's do this all right
Jessica if you have any questions just
let me know okay any questions
wait a sec I don't know they had samples
here this is perfect you ready to eat
it's fine this is your lunch guys I'm
trying to watch my figure like I really
really am but all these pies over here
look incredible I'm collecting stuff
here I'll show you what we get
with this buttermilk pie oh my gosh
looks better than Jessica's face tells a
joke so easy that's it
pretty amazing Accord to come back to
Texas for you guys I just checked the
mail and we had a package from Kayla and
Quinn and look what they made for
Juliette ah isn't it so cute yeah that
looks really cute it's a cute little
change I usually keep this book right
there Thank You Kayla and Quinn we love
it that's adorable oh you got to shake
this I didn't know you go to shake these
I got some peach cider I did not shake
the strawberry cider which are just
drink we also got some pickled Brussels
sprouts Jessica got this cool southerner
t-shirt from Anderson got this
black-eyed pea relish how delicious is
that sound I mean come on
am I right or am i right barbecue sauce
because we're out and jalapeno pickmonz
goes home interesting the sounder goes
to me in a store dolls like you know
what I'm gonna try those and then
Jessica got yogurt pretzels half of
course some cookies too out for the day
Juliette is just chilling and the
packages are chilling with her and
Jessica is going to join us for a Bible
study night right now Bible study time
so yesterday was the story of Adam and
Eve the day before that was the creation
and today we're doing Cain and Abel Adam
and Eve have two sons named Cain and
Abel excellent the two brothers grew
into strong young men but it happened
that one brother
please God and one
nah-nah good job just come to the it
passed out during our prayer yeah
beautiful girl I see a little smile in
there I see a little smile look looks
like she's smiling watches TV
what an angel Marcos we're running it in
it there we'll see you guys tomorrow
hope you've checked out our special
video or 800k video you guys haven't
checked it out all the link in the
description and don't forget to enter
our giveaway by sharing this special
emoji video right we'll see you guys
tomorrow
 you yet I love you remember to do
one facial stators though
you
