hey do you wanna go see baby Lila say
Lila this is so cool and I even forgot
to pay man that's such a bummer good
morning guys
I have a big agenda on today's docket
that I have to get done before I do
anything else and I really want to bring
you guys along with me because I think
it's kind of fun and especially you
ladies out there I think you're gonna
enjoy it I have been using the app
Poshmark
for a few years now off and on as I want
to sell things that I don't need anymore
I started using this app in college and
I still love it to this day
you guys can download it for free I'll
have a link in the description box if
you want to do that if you've never
heard of this app before you've got to
go check it out you can find use or like
new or brand new ATAG items for sale at
lower prices because they're coming from
someone else's personal closet you can
get brands such as Nike Michael Kors
which is one of my favs Kate Spade
adidas Express the list goes on and on
and on here's a few of the things in my
closet right now I've got a ballgown
that I wore to my senior prom some
overalls that you guys have probably
seen me in before but I've only worn
them twice and I don't really care for
the way they fit my body anymore I have
a few summer dresses that are super cute
super flattering but again after baby
number three they just don't fit me the
way that I want them to anymore and I've
got this awesome wool coat that I got
from Bass Pro Shops it's in like new
condition and it's just not my style
anymore so I'm going to sell it at a
lower price for someone who does want it
so you guys go ahead and click on that
link down in the description below
download the app and make your own
closet and then come back over here in
the comments below and share your closet
handles with us I for one would love to
go see what you guys are selling and I
know sir everyone else in the comments
would love to see as well thank you to
Poshmark
for sponsoring today's video and on with
Monday look how I'm dressed today I am
totally cash at my workout attire on
already because after I pick up symfony
from school today I'm headed to the gym
I thought what is the point of getting
all dressed cute today just to change
midway through and go get sweaty I'm
kind of just like trying to embrace it
and be casual and not like I don't know
dressy I'm gonna go out for a
discipleship meeting in a little while
and normally I would like dress up and
look cute and whatever just because
that's
like to dress when I go out but I'm not
doing it I'm gonna be casual and
McKenney shoes all day long but at first
the laundry calls what are you doing
your hair is always cheese you say
cheese kids I have a camera hey do you
wanna go see baby Lila say Lila you guys
there's flowers on the bottom this is a
Juicy Couture outfit like seriously how
spoiled is Juliet right now my friend
Sara the one moved to Michigan she gave
me a few clothes for Juliet and also
some to Amanda I'm going to meet here
today and I got this cute Juicy Couture
one what Juliet will wear today and this
will probably be the last time she can
wear it first and last because it's size
18 months inside can I please she's in
his eyes 24 months now I know right what
a little chubby chunk
Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana Nana add to the
bone Doug not bad to the bone
not sweet to the cheeks you know how
much sweeter does it get you guys how
much oh my goodness bye bye
so two we're at the club cafe look at my
cute coffee hey Amanda
you're leaving me soon I'm trying to
make the most of our time while we can
that's my motive right so how's the move
plans it's going yeah
good day I know it's gonna be good but
it's been kind of stressful for me but
no yeah fun you guys we just kept
talking and talking and talking and I
even forgot to pay I was walking out of
the cafe and the waitress was chasing me
she's like man did you pay someone else
cuz that I didn't I didn't get your
payment and I was like oh my gosh so we
were just talking so so now I'm gonna
walk around this cafe is right in
downtown Rome I'm gonna go walk around
now tell me Julia we have some time to
kill before we have to go pick up some
finny from school and I really feel bad
putting her back in her car seat in the
car so I'm just gonna go for a walk with
her
Juliet belittle Shopaholic today Wow
really really cleaned out didn't you
let's go hello hello hello
ah ah we're home now guys the meeting
that I had with me and it was so much
fun but now I've really got to get my
butt into gear and cook a meal I'm
taking a meal to Symphony school for
sherry she goes to church with us and
she works at Symphony School
someone woke up and it's time to go
bye-bye
Rago we go get sissy so I can't find my
car keys and I'm just like really hoping
they're in my car I don't see any keys
in there great miss Sherry's meal is all
ready to go and pretty much right on
time so let's hit the road jack oh that
makes me think if this is us you guys
watch that show last week's episode was
super sad not as sad as next time No
welcome back from school princess I
brought a symphony chicken Express
that's one of her favorite after-school
snack how was piano again
what was it think you had around your
neck fix you a nice baguette Chuck what
is that can I see it
oh my this is kind of creepy you guys
you think it's cool
hey guys the kids are in bed and that
means it's HQ time salmon are gonna play
together from afar if that makes any
sense at all we've been playing this
game it's an app where you play like a
live on that board game but you like a
game show but it's live on your phone
and you basically just answer questions
and there's money you can win money this
is so cool this isn't it and I add guys
we genuinely play this and we love it
and and we just want to play it with you
guys on the blog tonight so you're gonna
get to play with me okay there's a
million people on right now 1 million
people playing live 10 seconds to answer
them get them all right you win some
chatter question 1 which TV comedy
centers on a vice president sheldon
superstore who centers on a vice
president oh gosh I don't know this one
I hope I don't lose right away man
that's such a bummer I'm sad last time
we made it all the way to question 5 but
I was with Sam let me see if he made it
he's playing - I guess I'll have to wait
and watch the vlog to see how far he
made it I'm so bummed only made it to
question one it really stinks
alright let's see if I know this I'm
gonna say spelunker which is the
exploration of caves I have known all
the questions except that first one that
I guess so FAR's alright on the comment
of the day and it comes from McKenna
Huffman Nia number one the soup looks
amazing number two girl you might want
to start using a bigger knife to cut
your veggies it's way easier and faster
just a suggestion how funny that you
would say that because today I decided
to use a bigger knife and it went so
much faster it was so much smoother and
I felt like it saved me time and it was
just better like it the cut was better
thanks for the suggestion I hope you're
all having a great day today it has been
a good one for me and we will see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other like the
first time in my life it's yours today
I'm gonna make waters and I'm gonna
squash it everything another I've almost
made it all month long I've decided I'm
the point king yes got ya you like
precious today wait what happened to
Cassie oh no no no don't get wet
