good morning guys it's a bright sunshiny
day at the Raider house right guys
mommy has a motto when things are not
going our way we turn on bright sunshiny
attitudes and we turn the day around so
that's what we're doing Thank You
destiny for my shopkins Beados and I'm
already dealing yeah look how cool this
Beto set is it has a cool
by the same guy loved by to stay hard
left
we've got to give
and this together me somebody asked in
the comment section yesterday if I was
keeping up with Juliet's milestone so I
thought I fill you guys in and heard the
milestone she's been reaching she I am
keeping up with her milestones and she
just turned eight weeks old so the
things that she's supposed to be
starting to do right now is giving
social smiles which you guys have seen
that she's doing very frequently
recognizing somebody like recognizing me
when I walk into a room recognizing my
voice which she totally does sometimes
she's upset and she's with Sam or
symphony and I'll just come stand next
to them and she can just like tell him
there she's like then she starts looking
for me to like find where I'm at and
what she finds me she just gets fixated
on me bubby is napping and symphony
Julie and I are out for a little girl
time you are the only one this is what
symphony got she got like she jelly and
mixed with strawberry
there's my drink I have a coconut mocha
smoothie I really love like she she does
love like she I didn't know she would
like it so much but she likes it a lot
so this is our girl time while buddy's
napping Abram at a certain time of the
day he just starts to melt down he
starts to disobey he starts to have an
attitude and really it's just best to
give him a nap I feel like sometimes
he's okay without a nap but today he
just needed a nap and so we decided to
come out and have some girl time I've
been really working with symphony
reading as she's getting ready to go
into the first grade and she's doing
excellent I might add and so since it's
not coffee hour which is like 9 o'clock
in the morning I'm having a mocha
smoothie well says you got to try this
so coconut ish we love it you can share
it with me there's not real all you do
you can share with me there's no real
coffee if you got jelly's you're
attacking from here the toquter sleeves
are today's symphony hey hey just like a
 all day
crazy you guys are making the ice cream
now huh that's why we are ready-made
cool do you like doing this Jessica that
one is rainbow light symphony give them
patient with it so it's good that
Jessica's here to help
hey guys how you doing Nate and I are
about to go on a date night and Jessica
are going work
you guys better not crash our date I'm
serious just I like you guys and all but
me and I need some time together alone
I'm all of you that's a nice thing you
got there by the way on the concentrator
the one I'm come on Juliette hope that
scare you
to serve God by beating therefore family
and it's really cool cuz they expanded
at this time they have more workers
coming this time and you can bring a
friend which we drop the ball on this
but you can bring your friend who is not
a member of our church and reach rock
wall did it like would actually be
reaching other families reaching out to
bring them in and start stay heart you
wait we were all really excited like you
see where I'm going with this guy
he's like Dennis was it a part of you
I got by guys notice guys then ahead the
best salad in all of Dallas area but
we're probably not going to be getting
in there no last time we came here they
said we're special
you look extra extra amazing say by the
way beautiful
and Brian are right next to me just went
out were there yesterday hurt yesterday
to the market like - 100 G malicious my
favorite style in the world we made it
in and out of there before the Sun even
went down that's crazy now she wants to
pass out yeah she passed out at the end
of our meal according to Jimmy get
theater food either for her
need a ride sexy mama
come on let me get me some dessert at
the beat Q that's what we like about
Texas wow you guys have arrived at your
destination
and you completely forgot how you even
got there like the whole trip was just a
blur it's usually because you're
distracted by some kind of deep thought
you ever do that honey
oh I do that every once well I'll come
home from like a long trip from Wroclaw
taking us so many times and like I'm
homely that I get home I don't remember
driving here cuz I'm so deep in thought
anyway I was talking to Heath yesterday
and he helped me realize that I've come
to a point in my life that I've come to
a point in my relationship with Christ
where I don't even know how I got here
like I used to be very just on top
reading my Bible and I focused on what
he wants for me in my life but me and I
had some really good conversations about
changing the way we do things as far as
us having like reading time together
Bible reading the time together like in
the mornings we're going to start doing
it where she gets thirty minutes alone
in prayer and in the Bible and I'm gonna
be watching the kids on that time so she
has a complete long time and then for 30
minutes maybe after that are we having
decided what time I'm gonna do my
reading time completely and distracted I
think sometimes you got to do this kind
of things you got to make conscious
decisions if plan ahead especially when
you have you know kids and we also
decided we're going to do things
differently putting the kids to bed at
night Sam goes to symphony in Abraham's
room separately sings them both like
three songs and prays with them
individually then I go to both rooms
individually sing a million songs and
pray individually like why don't we just
do it all together anyway it's so silly
like we spent so much time so we're
gonna try that tonight yes sir can we
get a peanut Buster Buster parfait Marc
and he has to remember just like not
eating is detrimental to your physical
body it starts to consume itself and we
started to waste away not reading the
holy word has the same effect on your
soul all right now it's recording thank
you you better finish that actually
really in the car how long
we are watch this to get pied here it
goes
that's it
eat it just leave it there we'll eat it
later okay Oh testa me we're going to do
a Bible story and I want to sing a song
together and then it's time to bed yeah
and a prayer okay this is a new
beginning for a family we're gonna start
with the beginning of earth we were
living creatures on the earth before
there were birds flying in the sky
before there were fish swimming in the
sea before those asani before there was
a moon before heaven or earth itself
there was well that didn't it goes good
plan
and went better seriously dude am I good
it's not only easy to get the kids in
bed that way but it's also I think
better as a family all right let's get
to comment the day what did you find on
it ok cows from Marble bear
when is your 800k celebration and that
being said we are actually going to take
off tomorrow guys we won't be vlogging
tomorrow so we will see you back on
Tuesday don't forget and remember to
love each other oh yeah
we're in this together
