you'll get 15 at the camera these are
looking at you now that's great
and this together funny guys
I'm getting ready to head out with
Juliet we're going to somewhere really
fun with a friend of mine from church
I'm super excited about it I'll explain
more later we're going to mark it what
does that mean markets where we go and
buy wholesale I'm closed for our store
and we buy a season in advance so we're
shopping for spring 2017 I know that is
so exciting can I shop yes I'm excited
I'm Julia she's gonna be our little
shopping buddy back here she's sleeping
I didn't show you this morning I got my
hair on braids yesterday you kind of
can't tell the difference too much but
my blonde is brighter yes oh yeah okay
and then the top is a little darker to
make the blonde that'll writer we made
it we're at the World Trade Center in
Dallas I have lived here all my life I'd
never been to this building before lo a
lot of ugly
so are there other companies besides
just yeah so where we get in here
there's 15
like this house where's my wine menswear
i'm i'm inseong one check it out guys
fancy schmancy oh my gosh so which floor
do we go to we're gonna go to the eighth
floor eighth floor
so Alison owns a boutique those of you
who are new I know someone else around
like Alison hey you are my nose get our
baby alive oh I didn't even know that
okay it's a wonderfully made children's
calm and we have our cutter penny penny
sale so it's 40% off all spring/summer I
don't know what the code does it's so
1844 zero penny sale that's exciting you
guys gotta go check it out I get a lot
of Julia and symphonies close they're
mainly Juliet right now and my favorite
brands and kissy Kissy so go find that
and you'll see a lot of us there it has
I think with kissy Kissy good deck fan
basic Nia is out with her friend at
market sounds like sitting in a broom
are playing house or something
I'm a big brother and this is Emmet and
I'm the mom hi Daddy
baby I call it I call it you wanna call
your dinosaur kitty yeah okey bye buddy
you kids Oh give me a kiss bye bye my
knee have your mommy kiss bye bye bye
buddy
you have such a great imagination all
morning long guys are working on
you'll be doing for 100k subscribers
celebration it's gonna be really cool
video I hope I get like this pent-up
creativity in me when I'm not doing
anything with it
and then when that gets pent up I tend
to like shut down and I feel most alive
when I'm doing creative things and so
I've been really active with this and I
think you guys are going to love it
that being said sittings of their
nursing daddy's back
I mean Big Brother a big bottle oh my
gosh you guys are in this giant sample
room and basically everything in here is
either wholesale prices really nice
boutique brands and some of its half off
like I could be taking home like a $50
outfit for ten bucks oh my gosh this is
amazing I don't think I'm supposed to be
vlogging in here though it's just that
not to but I had to explain it to you
guys and just give you a little sneak
peek like like extras oh so stinkin cute
850 $8.50 are you joking me well well
well look who we just gotten to know
that is there a water bill what I'm
gonna just kV and it and I picked out
this cute little headband this little
onesie
and a diaper cover yet you are a donkey
in Emmett you me to not dance bunny
wunny
and this is him finish
bye guys ever you hot buddy no we don't
have that car
look what an abrams wearing symphony
dressed them his baymax jerkin with
water shoes they might say no dogs tell
them it's a builder beer okay
what what are you doing
come in the second store now what you
guys just saw me walk into and I got
this little stack of clothes right here
I got
and pieces of boutique clothing mom
those of you who shop boutique clothing
like 10 pieces inside of a boutique like
paying regular price I mean that would
probably cost like five to seven hundred
dollars and I just spent 80 bucks can't
even believe it I'm all done with my
shopping here at Home Depot can't show
you guys what I got because it would
give away the surprise
are we is that what we're doing chips to
I can tell you that much we're giving
chips those aren't chips
you said chips okay what happened to
Emmett oh there you walk into the cooler
we're leaving the World Trade Center now
Tiffany just saw a good dressing a broom
you look so handsome all the kids play I
want to do some drone practice I feel
like in order to get really good at it
you got to do it every day it's really
tricky to get the controls because for
some reason want to become good at it
it's fun to do to come to practice let's
go this way dude looks like you're
flying like Superman dude do it again do
gander again here's guy
see if we can fly around with playground
sittings got it simply save the day
everybody's shirts on backwards I just
noticed get a pocket right here your
pockets in the back
whoa you okay no hey you're okay hey hey
hey think buddy look look look it's okay
there's no moose stand up there you go
you got to watch your step okay buddy
let's go this is my battle spar from
today's shopping trip you guys
I want those leg booties that you guys
saw and yeah they really tore my feet up
but now I'm at the park meeting Sam to
get the kids hey you are you doing good
that's so much fun oh my gosh cool you
would love market it so maybe I still
don't know what that is it's like a
whole cell plate we're only gonna see
the kids up but they have my help house
where's the oh my gosh is like baby oh I
like your dog he's all dressed up in
Juliet's clothes huh
oh hey broom I bought you an outfit
today do you want to guess what kind it
is
it's not baymax pitcher it's a New York
City outfit I knew you were City it's
ego cute you look like a honey what big
candy no there's tall buildings on it no
taxis just big buildings so I got you an
outfit - I got Juliet a lot about is
rebuilds by me and the kids came home we
had dinner we did a little bit of
cleaning up and then we did storytime I
went to bed until me and Juliet are
hanging it all it's been a really fun
day I really enjoyed my time with
Allison and I just want to encourage you
ladies out there and men and teenagers
to be in community with people it's just
so awesome having other people in your
life who can speak truth into you and
pray with you and just talk about life
together
and just encouraging one another you
know life gets hard and sometimes you
can't really step outside of your own
situation and look at it from a
different lens and someone else can do
that for you and you can do that for
other people as well
it's pretty cool did you have a good day
with mommy you got a lot of cute stuff
today yeah you did
so since everyone's in bed I'm gonna do
package of the day instead of comment of
the day and I'm really excited to take a
peek inside of this one the last name on
the package was Orville salmon Yee I was
so excited for you to have your cute
baby girl I am Davey or girl's mom from
April and Davey and I would love to give
you my bows that I make congratulations
rose Ian from Mama
that is so cute mama oh that was so
sweet and thoughtful thank you mama oh
and we will see you guys tomorrow we
have a pretty fun thing planned for
tomorrow evening I know and we'll see
you guys there
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other stupid
battery keeps diving
we're in this together
