thank you sir no thank you
in this together Symphony wants to help
the baby wristlet on dad and you're just
a crazy little morning mommy your big
sister that's even better because when
she's in trouble she'll come to you good
morning guys we are having a family
morning outside Sam's are getting some
drone practicin avram hula-hooping
Juliet snapping and symphonies getting
some lemonade in the house this is
absolutely my most favorite way to start
our day whoa good job being outdoors
letting the kids be as loud as they want
and as rambunctious as they want so
we're starting out like that today Sam's
already crashed the drone once womp womp
every cue everybody I got you a brand
new pair of swimming trunks look what's
on over here come here let's see what's
on them ah what I'm doing
what are those total yeah the little
poodles
those are nice shorts okay awesome
sipping you got a new big tutu it's on
my desk go get it
you're got turtles and I got anchors
mommy got Saul blue and sissy got fancy
schmancy can I go Nick yeah come here
let's see it
what that's beautiful do spin for us
beautiful Abram is in the regatta blue
turtle shorts and Symphony is wearing
the bean sport swimwear by LL Bean you
guys are interested in checking it out
el bean is known around the world for
the high quality products all their
swimwear are made with
rain resistant fabrics with fit with a
UPF of 50 to protect their bodies from
the Sun the parts that are covered by
the swimwear if you guys are interested
in checking them out I'll leave a link
in the description or you can go to
l.l.bean comm / kids and they have all
sorts of summer products going on right
now I'll just come back to school
products ready to get wet I know I am
you ready to get wet hoodie Oh II
already won and reverse big bangs a
hello me first
Jessica why don't you like your hair
give me what is white to 290th series it
gets dry and then it gets frizzy when it
gets wet and then tragic it's really it
doesn't get me think you get more frizzy
Jenny already is highly hair is frizzy
when it dries wait did you say kits
frisbee
she said it gets frisbee awesome hey hot
stuff what you got cold stuff cold stuff
whoa because I'm breastfeeding I can
only drink one cup of coffee but when I
had Abram I would give in sometimes and
I just feel like Julia is doing so good
but they're sleeping her gas problems
happen at the same time every day and I
just feel like it's not worth it my
craving for coffee and my sleepiness is
not worth it so decaf cinnamon Dolce
Frappuccino it's not completely because
they can't really be caffeinated coffee
completely
it's like I think it's like 98% you
can't
you're studying a little bit it can't
mean Oh but once I go through the Julia
it's like all gone and evaporated you
know I don't know oh I don't I think so
it's your good nap yeah yeah you want to
go inside and finish taking your nap Oh
Symphony left her hopes outside she
wants a real pony and she still hasn't
proven that she can take care of a fake
pony yet
not exactly that's really good on it I
really yeah the salad was interesting
he's like I am so favorite did you cook
what vegetable oil omega-3 attic and
that efficient a coconut oil
oh man Andre were talking about math you
picked up some vegetable oil and they
had a fish taste to it and it was it was
funny story cuz I ruined their spaghetti
base yeah in May the spaghetti tastes
like fish because that omega-3 added to
the oil funny I like fish thank you but
you don't like spaghetti day well yeah
yeah that was so weird
I won't they have like fisherman Eddie
like fish tacos does that have they make
fish tacos maybe they just take the
tortillas and dip them in omega-3
vegetable oil the measurement goldfish
is also dog okay go this is hilarious
get this rat's nest taken care of my a
lot you pretty excited Oh would you say
that it's gonna be a dress I adore just
so I love well you're still pretty
boring so I like in you you're gonna
watch do my hair okay you can watch the
gate smells like hair salon what are you
guys doing
oh you hear what on the backyard yeah
one that one that are coal we're out
here with that uncle thank you daddy
gonna let me go down try yeah
nice dude
Abram what your hair come whoa Uncle
Matt cheese fastball it was an accident
Judith's okay guys Matthew supposedly
lost his balance
she's okay though yeah I don't think
yeah she hit her this will startle her
yeah yeah may that scared me though a
car like that before
looks like blueberry sauce and raise a
professional she doesn't want to give
away her secret formula let's come on
like what's in it they're real
blueberries in there mmm-hmm cool I'm
excited about tonight I'm gonna eat up
your hair here you don't have issues you
know real careful no we sure didn't it
Oh Ewing's are cute knows Jamie I love
you so much
I guess I'll just see the results
tomorrow happen here I guess some inner
eye oh do I have hair dye that's really
red alright guys we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember
love each other
bye Matt bye good night guys
we're in this together
