by the same guy
nobody same heart
love
got to give
in this together you do know who yeah
who is it yeah gee no the kids and I are
off to go pick up a very special person
from the airport it's a surprise for
everybody and the car except for me
bringing you guys you have no idea
me
over an hour later after going to the
wrong Airport turn it around coming back
we have finally made it to pick up our
special guests Dallas Love Field where
is this person be how's that they might
then the black said her that's not her
we're here at wait who's that right
there
who's that look who it is
yes yours truly Jessica Neumayer she's
gonna be spending the how long you gonna
stay with us 12 days
well 12 days 12 huh cuz I leave in the
afternoon Wow
that means you'll be here for 800k
celebration it's exciting you have mad
too
yes i every hundred years everything
worse absolutely so how was your flight
wasn't scary I mean you came in all by
yourself nice and bumpy this is your
first time to fly alone right yeah is it
really yeah so like wasn't scary are we
were you nervous about being alone
independent glad you made it
just like in Stephanie right now how'd
you Lea we're made a whole new range of
pizza is it better than California Peter
or probably not it's probably bigger
though everything in Texas is bigger so
yeah this is Domino's Pizza they don't
have that California do they don't know
they do weird you don't like the bell
peppers no no no you're gonna date now
we got her here she's trapped you gotta
stay here you gotta watch the kids me
and I are gonna go have a date night
we'll be back around what one am what
you can't handle three kids I can love
that is that why you came to give us a
break to get him on that Lee honey can't
handle that cutie
hey wait my gosh she's unpredictable she
spit her passing out oh my gosh we'll be
going to her but I drop Oh
B and Juliet have been having little
conversations every day we just sit and
talk and COO and car oh hell yeah
Avram look at me your face is a mess you
need to go clean it go and go wash it in
the sink when the gate ally yeah yeah
the more you talked to a baby even an
infant as young as Juliet the better
their speech will be as they get older
that's what I've read and you know that
seems to kind of be true I feel like my
kids have talked really well at young
ages and been able to formulate
sentences and it kind of starts with
talking to them like just telling them
what's going on like hi baby we're
laying on your mat we're going grocery
shopping but then also speaking their
language so that they feel like I'm
being heard this is how I communicate
because because mommy's talking back to
me you know so she's making little
noises like wow and I look at her and I
go wow wow you know that kind of
registers in her head like oh I just
said something to mommy and she's saying
it back to me you know just for you
Mama's who feel like all you can do is
sit there and look at your baby while
they you and go you know just get on
their level and really you know spend
time talking to them having little
conversations with them because it
really does help and it really does
influence the way that they speak as
they grow and the way that they
communicate with other people their age
and even older than them so that's my
little mommy tip for the day
Juliet you have to move up a size and
diapers now why do you have to wear size
1 diapers now no that's how I feel about
it - I don't want you to grow up yet
how are you hungry hi Ellen Rina seat is
everybody ready yeah we're all ready
hot tea I'm gonna got a birthday present
from Uncle David Aunt Rachel Noah and
Logan who is that horn me - yet oh she's
my honey rabbit you and I'll put all of
them and I might find one that's for you
okay okay oh here let me see that look
and it even comes with shorts look at
the cute shorts underneath oh my
goodness what a cute outfit oh my gosh
it's adorable Abram you got a present -
yeah what is this Oh what what kind of
tent public won't did Wow you can hide
in it you can
hey you did you like it in there
seeding chips it's supposed to roll
while you go but there's a little
surface oh cool hi Micah hey baby when
you wake up in the mornings and go in
there and read thank you so so so so so
so so much
hey Aunt Rachel you know cool David
dinner is cooking I'll just take the
good stuff my milk
Jessica is so sweet she went to through
every room and vacuumed thanks Jessica
she said she's willing TV to watch yours
oh you can watch TV we have Netflix I
know what y'all like that came with my
recordings Oh your recordings got your
recordings you know all that's teaching
tomorrow no smile no okay
oh this love like this yeah
slower yeah don't you dare turn we get
the back teeth open you are not good for
the space between my bellybutton and
spalling you're taking me out for
midnight sweets Oh like this when you're
not here oh okay I do sometimes but I
don't ever go to Sonic at 10 o'clock at
night I need
she's watching Zootopia yeah as if it's
not enough unit are you know you guys I
promise you two hiding good there yeah
she says she watch me watch me go
whining what's a lightning class see
that this one okay oh wow
you wanted something with this touch
screen nope she wanted something with
Oreo so I guess there's the OIO sonic
blast these are really good actually who
actually Oreo peanut butter and pretzel
that's what I'm getting right there for
you you think you're watching hey Jeff
what's up man miss you buddy
hope to see you soon we actually might
be coming out there next month maybe I
miss you Jeff
you're my buddy and I can't really do
California without you how cool is it
that tonight only all the blasts are 50%
off hmm
thank you so much is this one mine or
hers is just a master blast me going a
bit
paym better Oreo and pencils everything
else sounds good but I don't like peanut
butter ice cream salt right it's pretty
good it's kind of good I mean I could
eat it but I don't care for
all right well just let me know I'll be
having the rest of it really sorry
anyway guys we'll see you tomorrow I'm
gonna hang out on the ADA's laundry and
watch Zootopia don't forget guys we love
you and remember to love each other
we're in this together
