here I've got it open did you have a
good morning now symphony what are you
playing over here what are they doing
they're gonna kill me Leakey oh you're
taking them on their horse used to go
meet the big horsey cool Abram is
outside with Daddy helping him do
something good morning guys how's it
going and I was looking at my calendar
this morning on my phone it is the 26th
of July in less than one month Symphony
goes back to school and she'll be a
first grader and what are you most
excited about so Abram is gonna be three
in September and he's gonna be starting
a Mother's Day Out program this fall but
he'll also be home for three days a week
while symphonies in school and when
symphony was getting ready to turn three
I started teaching her how to read and
so I've been looking into things for
Abram so that we can start working with
him one on one when Symphony goes back
to school on his days at home and one
thing that I really loved for symphony
when she was in between the ages of like
2 & 4 getting ready for school was the
ABC Mouse comm app we had it on her iPad
she would play it almost every day for a
little while and now that Abram is
getting closer to the school age and
he's at the age where we want him to
really start learning we are introducing
him to this app again and it's awesome
because ABC Mouse comm has sponsored our
video for today and so I wanted to share
with you guys a little bit about it it's
super engaging and it has a ton of
activities within the app like over
7,000 activities and you can create your
own lesson plan inside of the app so if
you guys would like to try it out the
first month is free and all of the
following months it's just 795 and you
guys can click on the link in the
description to subscribe and check it
out for yourself I hope you guys like it
as much as our family has hey Gardiner
you guys seen the keys keys Abram
you know neighbours the keys
Jesus car kitchen table where we're
gonna cut off all I'm sure probably
anything I'm tired of having long hair
no these are do Jews that's the Judy's
car we're gonna probably cut off all of
our hair today even simply you want to
just cut it all off I know you got
sweetie but it's time no I'm gonna just
gonna get a tribute there's no joking I
can't wait to get rid of this hair man
it is in the way of sleeping the only
time I do it now is for church she will
cut yours it's catching up on things
that should have been done a long time
ago but we've been so busy my kids are
just yelling at me boys got to get some
haircuts in the summertime I gotta get a
hair trim tool I can add my Rapunzel
hair like my Rapunzel doll maybe you
don't know wait for Andrea to do your
trim on our hair lady's not here Sammy
oh I'm getting my hair redone on
Thursday though Matthew and her
girlfriend are coming over to do a
touch-up on my color I'm super happy
about that are you thinking your hair
color we don't do your hair yet for
Turkey you know I love seeing my kids go
for the books and get excited over
something to read while they're in here
what kind of book did you get
and what kind of book did you get from
Oh Plains and drains Sam there's
dinosaurs and Clifford where to buy now
the rock station where to buy now crazy
thing about that is we went and looked
at that house on the vlog and some of my
good friends saw it and apparently two
of my other really really close friends
are looking for houses right now and
Sandy and her husband are in the process
of having a new house built and my
friend Courtney just got a new house
we're all in the process of moving and
looking at new places and live in
selected it's crazy why this guy likes
getting his hair cut so much more
burgers is just so excited what I see
Sam's looking at a certain style haha
that's not what I was expecting yeah man
go for it sorry about the fishy apron
what no you still feel ear off doing a
shower yeah hey you the short haircut at
fauxhawk okay sit up straight
got that those were right there
hm right into it
he's massaged all in your hair kind of
like we're washing your hair
alright turn this way you can do the
side
Abram is going full-on rockstar today he
got his little cut his boo-boo and he's
been handling it so good so we thought
this kid is such a rockstar let's just
really go all out with it daddy's going
all how all these years he looks like a
goblin from
we're doing GC a little bit different
tonight
vixx and the kids are going to Mike and
Jen's house where you guys always see as
I I'm going to hang out with Chantal and
not circle cast man knocks her little
three-year-old broke his leg his femur
at that which is like apparently the
hardest bone to break and he's only
three he was just starting to potty
train so sad
and he is pretty much just been stuck in
the house with somebody for the last I
guess it's been almost three
maybe only two weeks and so I'm going to
hang out with her while she stays at
home and Belle's going to go to GC with
same against your chauffeur beau we
should have cleaned our um but I have to
run into Chipotle she'll actually just
text me we were trying to figure out
later so same old a first I'm gonna grab
us a couple of burrito bowls and go
handsome oh good chances fun time with
Cass p.m. mas thank you I appreciate it
yummy goodbye familia have fun at GC
Symphony be a big example Kate bye guys
now let's call got her hi everybody
hmm you want to see yourself huh we do
that handsome face how do you been
chopped
Hey shall I give us an update has
struggled a little bit here lately with
a rash but today I got a good little
dress for him only and past man will be
Iron Man again yay I'm gene eggs until
the cast is off 15 days wow that went by
fast
here is his cast what is this call it's
called a spike a cast spike a cast and
in he just stood up like this just fell
out of that chair this chair right over
here caused this little guy so much pain
and he from he managed to fracture his
sodium all right thank you
he's doing good he's
such good spirits though oh man you're a
trouper shel we're going on a walk GC is
over and my ride is here to pick me up
but I have no hands to open the door
let's see if he'll open the door for me
is he gonna catch on not yet he hasn't
caught on yet you're gonna catch on
maybe maybe I think I think it's
happened what really can you her the
northerly I was just sitting here saying
is he gonna catch on you're gonna open
the door for me give me that rain hardly
so much cuz I want to eat this ice we're
coming back tomorrow so I said I'll just
bring you back how would you see
symphony that airplane you drew was
amazing yeah I love it
Symphony drew a picture for Knox and Bo
brought it in you're gonna be artistic
like your daddy already back until today
oh you got Tommy pop they're incredible
man I can't wait take it put one on
you're not gonna paint pooping them are
you no no no all right guys open it up
I'm Santa ways cool guys to use or what
no it's a sand toy set how fun guys I
can't find who the cinders but whoever
said the thing you guys so much have a
Santori backpack that's awesome yeah
yeah Tiffany I dig you yeah don't forget
we love you I remember to love each
other and yeah we love you in remember
oh yeah it gets game max what hold
we're in this together
