take that off I'm gonna take the baby no
we won't bleep I'll be very gentle okay
I'm gonna be very gentle you're gonna be
very tough yeah it's not gonna bleed
buddy
it's me it's done bleeding it's not
bleeding in this together we're Jim Tosi
hey it's almost done you did it hey it's
all done
gonna see what it looks like it's
bleeding it's a bad boo-boo you got
there buddy
now you can have a snackie cuz you did
such a good job do you want little bites
chips good morning guys his cut is
actually looking really good compared to
what it looked like when he actually did
the damage I was here on my bed editing
the vlog Abram came running out of the
room he's in a really goofy crazy mood
as usual and I guess as a Kim with his
bump he forgot it was there and tripped
in his face went right into this area
could have actually been this part right
here it could have even been this I
don't know could have been this fish
will never know how are yo look at it
yeah just look at that man what is this
son hello shopkins stoner upper and a
shopkin yeah it's really messy man yeah
you clean it up yeah pin it up
tattoos that wasn't a good idea you know
my wit my exam yo are you with my dick
okay
what's this is that a ring shopkin ring
we got all the glowsticks out of the
swimming pool
no more glow sticks there's some on the
ground still but all 7,000 of those were
picked up by me and my two brothers and
today I came up with an idea to
celebrate 800 K subscribers it's
happening pretty fast so we had to get
on that yeah the ghost sticks are all
gone
it is gonna involve the pull again but
you guys will never guess what it is I
don't even try but I'm surprised shopkin
Tiffany stayed the night was my mom last
night and Nia is out picking her up and
then right after that she has a meeting
so it's just me and Abram just hanging
out trying to decide if I want to take a
dip with him or if I want to go practice
my drone flying today are thunders see
you John can you put on yourself know
why you do it I bet you can do it here
do it
these are the flimsiest garden sticks I
could find out Home Depot it's bambor
they're pretty thin and I don't think
they'd break a propeller or their winter
at least they wouldn't break the drone
if I hit them you never go geek oh no
all right come this way you got to stay
with Daddy okay
only to the true well we're going back
the whole trail over there is blocked by
poison ivy and I am severely allergic to
it I'm sure I already have I need to
take a broom somebody's in your way
step over it
sheesh looks like a storm's brewing
gonna play the wind see you
you okay
spilling your guts all right let's go
home
daddy we'll go through it step on a book
did you get them got me going the other
side and say hi
stay stay here you got him
hi hi buddy come here come to Daddy go
to Booty dose us to boogie come on cool
man
with a brave guy you did it man
Wow now me do it okay going like a
froggy you can't bounce though I can't
down nope go why did you hurt your head
I'm so proud right now Wow
oh you did do it man you doing daddy a
right side watch your little head hello
oh nice catch dude okay come on me a
flower I'm having a very proud moment
right now my brothers and I used to go
through huge culverts like that ones
that were like flooded with water and
stuff we did crazy stuff like that all
the time I'm not encouraging to be that
dangerous but it's really cool to see
him explore and get out of his comfort
zone for dinner hey what hey Thank You
segi's it is
I'm telling yo daddy feel happy about
that there you go I'm in your cookie
cutter today oh man I did it cook it
like that buddy
sorry no cookie cutters today I'm sorry
I didn't know yeah you can have these
ones watch your hands it's hot yeah how
is your own cheese cheese are you sure
yeah yeah yeah oh yeah I like that
cheese there you go
that it on and be up nice you to myself
baby bite yeah yeah yeah what is that a
Daddy bi-able like appoint a new turn
oh the Abram bike we're going in the
tunnel yeah because you're brave yeah
and ever big brave even gets big break
bites I'm getting ready for bed mommy
and Stephanie are gonna be here to say
good night
unfortunately taking a long time to get
home
but this little guy keep saying that
we're spooky came in his room and I said
it's too spooky in there wow you guys
are awesome muggy okay comment of the
day goes to AG wonderland who else is
waiting for the new video to come out
sorry there's no vlog yesterday
especially being unannounced and
unexpected sorry about that we try to do
them daily every once in a while we'll
take off a Sunday which we did yesterday
we decided to do that for a couple of
reasons we were exhausted and we ended
up having Abram Scouts peeing on the
floor right now what did you do that I
gotta go guys but don't forget we love
you and remember to
each
we're in this together
