uhh
ah
and this together
do you know what today is what Diane's
coming back
daddy's coming home today out around one
o'clock hey guys Mike and I hear Mike
and Ike here we're at the Minnesota
Airport twins Airport oh and we're
getting massages
ah we're trying to waste time because
her flight has been delayed the air
conditioner went out and so they're
having to fix it it's been a couple
hours now
oh we should be home right now our fight
took up in time
look my ability to go
nobody hey Technic and water fun at the
park
Sandy's back here and her sweet new ride
Abram doesn't look exciting is that
cheese taco good mmm I went to Taco Casa
and they told me they had cheese
roll-ups which I thought would be like a
tortilla rolled up with melted cheese
which would be Miss free and easy for
the kids to bother here but no it's
literally a tortilla shell filled with
shredded cheese not even melted strategy
two pounds of cheese yeah symphonie told
me there's a rainbow comes feed mommy
Rosie those are sweet words I urge you
all today when you hear those words -
get up and go see I know we don't always
do it or we say hang on and we never go
back to it but it's always worth it oh
yeah it's right there on the ground Wow
yeah come on you're so dainty come on
the water's all off now you go from back
go go go bye what happened to why she
stopped like that
Mike had this great idea of taking out
the day and unscrambling the rest of the
letters too late
is that that's what Delta has been for
us we're about to read book our flight
for tomorrow we're not leaving till
tomorrow morning 9 o'clock so I guess
they're going to put us in a hotel whoa
you were thirsty weren't shift we're
home it's 4:30
daddy was supposed to be home about two
hours ago we just have to keep right on
going and Symphony's birthday party is
tomorrow like I've said it so we're
gonna get started on birthday cake all
right so booked it on the fly we booked
through its spirit so propose the deltas
going to reimburse us let's see what
happens trying to take the bat thing
the baggage sensor you get our baggage
and go to spirit and check back in but
that was out of service
we had looks allow service
are you excited to make your birthday
cake do you tie it yeah let the show
begin
Masek 18 months this is where everything
starts over we go to this door we're
going to start all over again
hopefully they'll have our luggage out
but some for some reason I just doubt it
Mikey okay back there boy sure okay you
okay with that smell mmm nah it's
starting to smell better than it was
when it was powder he's a little it's
time to pour it in the pan hey hey let
me see I know you hmm
symphonies party falling on the day
after Sam gets home what's up Harry well
thought out I thought he was coming home
yesterday and or yeah yesterday he'll be
home tonight and oh my goodness I'm just
softened overwhelmed so I'm going to get
everything laid out on our table here we
are on step 2 of our cake making process
we've made two layers of cake and I got
this really cool stuff like this fondant
icing we're gonna roll it out together
you have to knead it there you go lay it
flat so it's kind of like player you
play smash it all right hi I have to
warm it a little bit
do you warn me and it is usually
supposed to be soft right Oh
it's my first time playing in fondant
mommy I want to come in there and show
you what it looks like no luggage for us
now we got to come back up here and get
our luggage another day mike is really
flustered right now let's not talk to
Mike hangry buddy is gonna be okay and
we're just going home without lunch all
right now let's check in here
okay we've got our fondant rolled out
we've got our cake it's split a little
bit right there but since we're laying
fondant over it I think it's gonna be
okay okay we have a little rib right
there but I think we'll be able to kind
of cut that part off and Scrooged this
over a little day mommy well there's
like a shape of it right here this
trickier the hot box session Yami can be
the back of the community campus
I said okay here's how our cake is
looking so far we're going to fill in
the gaps with other frosting obviously
it's not professional tonight by yours
truly how do you think it looks so far
the color and everything's really nice
huh she's opening up her cake topper
well part of it I think we should put
white some frosting on some of the
bottom of the paper
put the right here's emerita noodle mark
come on come on
Mike come on he won you too preppy I
mean we made it this looks like I'm
making it sitting his birthday after all
not without a big price depending o
trust me $16 Delta's gonna be covering
it right Mike yes
it better be
No what do you think of your cake it's
all done amazing my friends are gonna
love me Oh should we show the viewers
now or shall we will make them wait till
tomorrow
make the wait till tomorrow at my
birthday okay you guys gotta wait all
right here we go
guys to celebrate 750 K subscribers I'm
gonna put some footage in right after
this and drawn footage from the Iceland
trip thanks for being a part of our life
it's such an awesome milestone to come
over to I see you guys tomorrow yeah
you
you
