we do not talk about it I got a very
well-balanced breakfast so good morning
guys
we are about to go our separate ways but
before we do my hunk is putting the kids
in there Jeanette sat down with Miss
food in their seat and it knows there
oh man that's gonna go run some errands
I think he's making me a project I don't
know but he's gonna make me something
yeah and we are gonna go meet up with my
friend Stephanie it's been a very long
time since you guys are seen here this
little guy we're gonna keep a good
attitude right we're gonna whine we're
gonna obey mama we're gonna be
respectful of our friends yeah playdate
okay Circle it up so you want a pancake
with strawberries and whipped cream
scrambled eggs a piece of sausage and a
bacon is that exactly what you want all
right
Jimmy right got it very well-balanced
breakfast Hey
so this is separate we went to high
school together and we worked at Sonic
together
you know crazy good afternoon guys
been a quite as a fun to filled with
laundry and packing for the boys to go
to promote and all that jazz stop just
now getting back with you guys since
this morning but I just picked up my
little cutie pie from school symphony
give us an update how was school today
what did you play at recess that was
good
oh it's Wednesday I helped to prepare
things for this evening Sam and I are
going out little meeting tonight it's
something we call marriage counseling we
do not talk about it very often I
occasionally go to marriage counseling
and we do it with bowed shell do you
guys know because here on the walk I
think we've been doing it for about
tuning up years but after Juliet was
born we took a significant break and
we've just been doing it like once or
twice a year
just kind of like regrouping and
goal-setting recapping things and that's
what we're doing tonight hey guys
welcome to today here in Terrell Texas
how are you guys doing today doing
fantastic Tiffany and I are on our way
out can you help buckle up your sister
buckle up buddy
take it all you can't buddy we'll be
right back I gotta run to Home Depot
then we're gonna run to Walmart and then
we got to run home because mommy daddy
are going out tonight and Larry's coming
yeah see you bud
thanks bud love you well I Drive did you
want helping me pick out door for a new
horse okay this would be cool to have
like the portrait that like that is a
playroom or something is it a porch it
looks like it needs to be wood it can't
be late anyway I'm gonna do one of these
pretty ones but we can't
that's right honey because the house at
hoja town I'm going for a mid-century
modern look I've been looking into
mid-century modern and basically it's a
style that takes the outdoors into the
indoors that's kind of what I'm going
for with this place a lot of Windows
hopefully I want to make one wall all
window I don't know how possible that's
going to be I want to make it rustic as
well so I'm kind of going for like a
rustic mid-century modern or a rustic
contemporary somewhere around there
let's the look I want for this place all
right so you guys know how is using that
laser to create the layout of my deck is
you're like well it's hard to see that
laser during the daylight and I heard
through the grapevine that they make
glasses to be able to see that laser
during the daylight if that's what we're
looking for you see any laser friendly
glasses I don't know what though it's
called are these yellow no I read that
they were actually read these all the
glasses gets a special order those
glasses home depot doesn't have because
I'm the only one who wants to see my
laser during the daylight Wow
people need to get with the program with
their lasers literately
literate li l literately tablet charger
and i also want to get it tablet case
and a tablet camera and I need some milk
those are money I have no idea to shop
for LG's no clue whatsoever I know they
probably take the microUSB no series
gonna buy a case to fits most 8-inch
tablets you don't get that that's cool
well just get this multi charger there
they are pick one three of them two and
one stylus pens really good well it's a
pencil that is awesome in a crayon
indeed darling no we need socks go get
some socks socks socks are only gave him
some ankle socks they make all the kid
songs really short like this the anklets
it's just too cold for those kind of
socks there we go looks good
pretty let's do it let's go you gotta
hurry up and get outta here cuz me and I
have a marriage counseling session to
get to now I'm coming back getting a
room and we're headed to Oklahoma by
Whitney what's up kids
alright we made it to our meeting you
ready to be super duper honest honey
the basic house it go around hey guys I
won't show you something really cool
though check this little thing out I
just got it's so crazy cool see that
laser right there when I click this buck
button here it tells me that your couch
is seven feet six inches away from your
fireplace it's a little far is that cool
though it's like a digital tape measure
a laser tape measure
so do they yeah interesting
getting along the holy spirit to remind
you in my distinct Euler you as
individuals but also the plural you as a
couple as a singular unit how good it is
to be together
or we'll do that because he loves her
marriage even more than newly he wants
to marry subscribe even more than you
wanted and you might wanna I wanted a
hundred percent well he has a greater
capacity to one things that even really
big his head is way bigger so this
marriage counseling was a little bit
different than usual we didn't go as a
preventative or as a prophylactic
marriage counseling we actually brought
some issues to the table tonight and
discuss discuss them a bone shell is a
little bit different so the thing that
we've been struggling with both of us
which I think I've learned through this
meeting is spending intentional time
with each other we spend all day every
day with each other except recently when
I've been going to Oklahoma but recently
we've also gotten away from spending
intentional time with each other time
we're spending together is just the
daily routines of life getting things
done taking care of the house and the
kids but not focusing on you know each
other
intellectually and emotionally we're
getting you know learning about each
other and so that's what I took from
today that's something we really need to
start working on again
to our relationship I guess needs a
little more structure and how we are in
our relationship with the Lord do my
stuff separately Sam
is reading and praying separately I
don't even know what he does it I
guarantee you he doesn't know about it
either it's not happening together right
now I will pray and read together he's
all about that structure I'm glad one of
us are I'm serious
something boasts had that really struck
with me was that enemies game plan with
our marriage has shifted before it was
trying to destroy it which was a couple
years ago he's trying to completely
destroy our marriage but it didn't
happen God and let it happen but now
he's trying to break distance in our
marriage he's not trying to destroy it
he's just trying to try to create
distance and strife within our marriage
so it's not a happy marriage and so us
figuring that out will help us start
praying about that and defending against
that kind of thing but anyway there's a
really helpful meeting tonight I was
really blessed by it oh my gosh Lily I
can't believe you were here without your
phone Lily's kicking my butt in the
lettering yeah I'm doing so good Lily I
came up with it there's a phrase I'm
gonna let her I'll just read it to you
the quote is you don't feel like you
measure up then you are exactly what God
is looking for cool did he mention
waiting up for me he did it so he didn't
in it oh how cute so that's why I went
to bed early
oh no I gotta wake up up
it's so late hey but do you still want
to go tonight already gonna go tomorrow
you'll go tonight we can go in the
morning if you want are you sure you
have to sleep can't be quiet okay
well you guys everyone is headed out Sam
and Abram are off to Oklahoma I just
finished my workout and the battery's
dying so I'm just gonna say good night
now thank you so much for coming along
with us today and don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other Wow
I don't get it from this angle
whatever look at that that's why I have
a bar to hide all those chairs whatever
