good morning guys we are up bright and
early around here it's day four of daddy
being gone and we are heading to a pool
party I got my tie-dye dress on
hey baby Juliet's already it's me me too
she even has a little sake that match we
have her hat ready to go are you ready
to go sunbathe are you ready
you need to sunbathe yes you are you
ready if you guys want to see something
super disappointing Juliet had this
little pair of pajamas that was given to
her she outgrew them so I wouldn't got a
bigger size and the first night she wore
them look all up the back and all out
the booty oh hopefully she'll can get
that one out we made it to the pro party
we have a hot tub is it hot in there is
it hot oh no it feels good
good job this pool is beautiful Sam
should build us one I think he should
this place is like a kid's Wonderland
we're at Madison she heard her family go
to church with us and their NRG see also
and we're at her mom's house and this
place is just like a little backyard
Wonderland for the kids
Abram do you like this trampoline this
is his first time on a big trampoline
what baby
yay oh-ho could you pay for these little
stands he's so cute
you like cute he doesn't want to go whoa
aah hey welcome to the pool party are
you gonna wake up little swimmer her
little boy oh yeah he's peeling right
there does she have some cradle cap that
you can kids can't really see it until
her face is red and she's hot
symphonie keeps begging me to take the
baby in the pool so I'm in a different
little feet look how this done it's just
like beating down on us so I'm not gonna
have one here for Lilly
this kid is so smart it is super hot out
here and so the slide is really hot and
Abram keeps running and dipping into the
pool so that he can go down the slide
buy up a black kingdom show me let me
see you do it
see how it's wet and glistening let me
see if it's hot
oh yeah it's really high oh is that how
you do it Bobby you go under the swing
and you go ahead you go up the ladder
Wow Bub's
I can do it there you go
oh and then you go straight to the water
yeah yeah that's what you do okay let me
watch you go for it
alright doodle good job hey guys so our
pool party is over and I'm at my friend
Sarah's house I used to come here every
week so maybe my armor she makes all
these headbands blue-eyed baby Couture
and we just did a little modeling
session stairs are so weird and
uncomfortable but really fun they're my
swimsuit and she has a new line of
clothing you guys gonna check it on
Instagram if you want to know but yeah
just seven weeks postpartum and you know
I'm just modeling for my friends booty
mom it's killing my blood day do it like
your birthday know why my blood no
September is your birthday September but
this it - oh my birthday yeah September
Oh
symphonie did you pick her up by
yourself oh my goodness where are you
going with her I have never seen you
pick her up by yourself slowly on slow
down oh my gosh you're so cute
Wow I did it like did you see this
happen
oh my gosh hey Sarah she makes all my
awesome headbands a little entrepreneur
doing so good baby
oh what have you guys been playing
airplane yeah why are you talking baby
talk
Symphony do you see Miss Sarah getting
James out of his nap over there you're
gonna watch her I am so thankful for
these two playdates today he's just like
a distraction it's fun for the kids
especially when I'm having to nurse this
little girl a lot throughout the day and
they're getting to play with their
friends now they're arguing what's wrong
honey
you do know I don't know why you're
already done looking at your magazine
I'll call my mom got both of the kids
subscriptions to highlight our
highlights magazine and they love it
it's each time they get it in the mail
this is I think their third month
getting it you know they both sit down
quietly and look through it Tiffany a
little longer than Abraham so fun we've
had a long day of playing with our
friends and being outside and you know
just running around and it's just really
nice to come home to the our cool house
and calm peaceful quiet while they look
at their magazines and there's no cute
they love it hey you guys symphonie got
an early birthday present from one of
you and I'm gonna let her open it on
camera go ahead and peek inside of this
adorable polka dot package that you got
yeah like what it what kind of stuff
oh she drew a picture of you wow that's
a really good drawing
I mean look when you picked it when you
put your feet together it makes a little
fox or a penguin or musher and then this
is a little drawing a symphony that she
did where's the letter there's a letter
in here let's see what hey I'm I'm in
I'm thinking love it babe Tandi you're
being in love with those band-aids
this came from Gisela thank you Jews
Ella oh she loves everything symphony
loves band-aid
thank you so much to gsella and now on
to comment of the day okay comment of
the day goes to KN and Jenner Harper if
Juliet was older would you taking the
kids to Iceland and I just want to say
first of all thank you guys so much I
saw so many sweet comments in the video
today saying that they missed me in the
kids and I am getting ready to edit a
video to upload for you guys today it's
just coming way later than Sam's video
because I've been busy and um you know I
would not have taken the kids to Iceland
because we weren't invited to all go it
was just me and Sam who were invited
event that Sam was going to was not
something that was considered
kid-friendly well now looking at it back
on the video I'm pretty sure I could
have baby Ward Julia in that event and
it would have been just fine
but anyways thanks again for all the
love guys I'll have a video ready for
you guys to go see here in a minute
although you've already seen it by now
and we'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember if you
can't birthday pancake
