good morning guys how's it going slumber
party went pretty successfully sandy
still hang in Courtney and Katie had to
work so we're about to do some outside
water fun for the kids got this cool
little table are you excited yeah
where's your flip-flops yes it did come
with a little wheel
ok it's all done mommy did it let me
just say this little thing is pretty
cheaply put together some of the little
things that they're supposed to crimp
together they don't really clean now let
me figure out this water hose situation
that Sam's got rigged up out here
now let me figure out this water hose
situation that Sam's got rigged up out
here so many hoses but you guys like it
so far
yeah I know the waters making them turn
let me see you think mommy oh my
goodness so dirty you look so great mom
my time has come it has arrived the time
for me to take out now I hope you're
enjoying Iceland cuz I'm here doing the
trash buddy oh just getting out of mine
I'm glad he's getting to experience it
oh oh boo Symphony something came for
your party today you want to see what it
is
shopkins bingo Doudna play the such a
birthday party I'm playing right now uh
y'all can play it I did Apple mommy and
I have one Apple one on I'm oh and I
also have one apple blossom on gee
we'll cover them all up you got to cover
all the apples so I gotta cover all the
hair all the apples and all the hats yep
alright so see your turn roll the dice
look Abram you cheating over here guys
and while the kids are playing their
board game I'm trying to keep Julianne
awake down here she's gonna sleeping all
day and so has answer julia is 7 weeks
old today
what are you doing a couple of new
things she's been doing is smiling more
staying awake for longer and really
taking notice of the little toys around
her she's been playing with it staring
at it a lot what are you doing are you
being gentle really gentle I've been
trying to wake Juliet up and Symphony
just got real creative with it
she said her tummy looks like a Barbie
trampoline oh my goodness look at that
chunk
she held her hey 30 Barbie oh my
goodness she is so exhausted today what
in the world what's her deal hey guys
I'm just getting ready to wind down the
night and I kind of just wanted to share
some stuff with you I know today's vlog
was a little bit shorter on my end I
guess because it's just me and the kids
and not so much of Sam but but also
because today for the most part I just
felt like emotionally drained so later
on in the afternoon I texted her
babysitter to see if she could come over
and to my luck she could and I also got
in touch with a good friend Amanda she
is married to heat the guy who is in
discipleship with Sam and she very last
minute met with me at Starbucks and we
just had a really good heart-to-heart
and you know I'm just able to share a
lot with her and be vulnerable with her
and so it was just a really good evening
for me so I'm super thankful that the
Lord really worked it out that our
sitter was free Amanda was willing to
very last minute meet me after hours
when our kids are in bed
just kind of chat and catch up but you
know I feel like a lot of the times in
our vlog especially me
I'm just really bright and cheery and I
am a bright and cheery person but I feel
like it's kind of unfair and untrue to
myself to not share the times when I'm
not bright and cheery and so today I
really wasn't feeling it I was just kind
of like feeling blah
there's Juliet okay
Oh better be at home parents or moms
whether you're working or not you know
when you're feeling low or burned-out or
you know you kind of just feel like
emotionally you're not at the standard
you want to be to take care of your kids
the way that you should that's kind of
how I felt I kind of felt like I was
getting snappy with them I was getting
impatient and you know that's basically
just due to how I was feeling and so
just don't be afraid to reach out and
get support from someone in your
community someone who can uplift you and
encourage you and ultimately help such a
straight you know what I mean but
anyways guys I just kind of wanted to
share a little bit of my heart with you
and it leads me perfectly into comment
of the day you okay
it comes from shaggy Rogers who said I
can do all things through Christ who
strengthens me
you need that verse near while Sam is
away keep up the good work and that is
so true I didn't need that verse today
it came at a perfect time perfect way to
end our video for today and I hope to
see you guys back here tomorrow me and
the kids have some pretty fun stuff
planned we have a busy full day and I'm
looking forward to it so anyways thanks
for hanging out with me in the kiddos
while Sam is in Iceland don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
can you tell everyone bye bye guys yeah
