morning everyone you want your turn to
be over okay have a seat Symphony yeah
all right guys let the games begin while
Sam is in Iceland here's what I'll be up
to Oh moving in
in about you
it feels amazing in Iceland getting a
little break from the Texas heat
ladies picking us up like you guys cold
no this is amazing
it's like an air-conditioned car right
now we're just headed to the hotel Hey
look wasn't seats you're facing that's
cool this is Sean Parker we're bringing
out this guy guys hi I'm Sean let's meet
you Bobby Bobby Bobby okay oh you're on
you look all ready for a sleepover it
should be all pillow your sleeping bag
oh can you open the door aids oh my
goodness this is like the cutest sight
I've ever seen oh my goodness you guys
know that little phrase I sent it to
saying the other day I'm just drowning
in a house with an army that I made
myself
man it's one cute little hotel room they
gave Mike in a separate room this is
really funny old boxes of some candy
some chocolate well imitation again what
they put us in the Aurora
does that mean yeah that's not cool and
they can't keep this is they customized
the tags will look like me and poor
little me is not here to get your stuff
this one's for both of us I'm so
confused about the time everything I
don't get awake asleep on the way up
here it's been over 24 hours since I've
had any sleep so I'm going to pass out
I'll wake up we're gonna go see a
preview of the OLED screen
sleepover Palooza is continuing with
candy lien and Courtney hey girl honey
try to run again my freezer for all the
ice cream not all the last for two got
some it's not a true sleepover without
ice cream our fourth and final guest of
the night is here hey I'm happy I choose
you - how's it going cute outfit
so this is what we came for guys let me
get to explain it to you LG is revealing
the perfect black 4k oh the screen so
I'm gonna be recreating the natural
Aurora's on their new screens you don't
time to set this down here to preview
the awesomeness the perfect wax things
that's black right there
thing these are onto the paper cut on on
TV I'm gonna let them use one of my
clean pillows and you go get your
pillows one for you one for a room
sleeping bag time all the kids are
getting ready for bed kate is already in
bed I guess that's just starting oh man
dude that looks awesome
okay you just pull the blanket right out
of it you guys are so stinking cute
Courtney got wrangled in to say thank
you mom
you have chocolate on your forehead too
we're inside the concert hall
it's pitch black black those are TVs in
here about to give us a little preview
of the show
pick this out sign sitting and Ava
spilled my name right unbelievable and
even better I'm doing sit next to these
guys they gave him my last name how does
that feel to be my brother
we're having dinner with this amazing
very good night little queen it's all
dressed up for girls night
so welcome to Iceland guys it's been
raining a lot here we haven't got to do
too much the organizers of the event
they surprised me during our dinner
they're like and we want to congratulate
Sam for his new baby and they had a bag
and a gift some a little onesie for
Juliet a little toy for her I thought
that was so nice they got really
personable with her but it's very small
intimate group and they knew a lot about
everybody who is here so it's bedtime
it's past 9 o'clock hey my phone a bit
now but so I think I'm just gonna go
ahead of bed maybe wake up early go walk
around and after that we're going to a
lagoon tomorrow
a blue lagoon so come back tomorrow
check that out with us and then it's the
event tomorrow oh goodness we're just
putting in here telling stories we
haven't seen each other in a while
around this yeah ok guys so for comment
of the day all of my friends really can
throw at your comments and we were
getting some laughs and some good times
that are reading your comments but so I
let them each go through and pick a
comment of the day so Katie's gonna go
first okay first moment of the day is
from Kaitlyn more Nia what is your
biggest concern with being alone with
three kids and one being a newborn with
Sam not there my biggest concern would
be entertaining them while I'm nursing
or not getting any sleep at night with
Julia and then having to wake up in the
morning perky and happy and ready to
take care of them because that's not
always easy to do okay Sandy's comment
of the day right this is from Haley
Stewart Nia has ever really I think so
have you I don't think so have you ever
suffered from severe anxiety because I
am and I was wondering if you have any
tips at ricks hmm I did have a little
bit of anxiety when I had postpartum
depression with Abram and literally the
only thing that helped was being
connected with women in my church and
praying and reading the Bible whenever I
felt that anxiety come over me or like a
big wave of depression anyways guys
we've had an awesome
girl's not just hanging out chilling
relaxing taking care of the babies I
think they are still doing movie time in
there they should be long gone asleep
but I don't think so
but anyway don't forget guys we love you
and remember to love each other
we're in this together
