well my Wrangler put some in your cereal
no we're Symphony yeah
hey nice house here you go yeah honey
eat it how did one thank you
then I'm on mine for my birthday
birthday that made me out know you'll be
coming in know-it-all on your sister
yeah yeah I know it all can you say no
at all yeah yeah no at all yeah yeah
don't get me wrong girls I'm gonna miss
Juliette - and Symphony I don't think
I'm gonna get to say goodbye to Symphony
MMH
my mom's house morning guys I'm seeing
my final goodbyes the time has come for
us to depart just separate once and for
all
for the next four days bye guys have fun
are you gonna miss daddy yeah
are we gonna have fun though but I can't
go it down not this time you can't
oh okay you can watch daddy we've
daddy ha
Abram requested that we sit right here
and watch daddy leave there he goes hey
by you hey you
you waved at you so what am I going to
do with a few days without daddy around
the house you might ask to start off I'm
gonna go get symphony you should stay
the night with me in the last night and
so that means I'm gonna wake up these
kiddos from their naps this one's like
half awake half asleep and updating on
yesterday I did end up keeping Juliette
awake for a few hours she usually has
her awake period between 8 p.m. and like
around midnight and so last night I
tried to make it happen from like 5 to 8
and I was pretty successful at it
actually more like 3 to 8 and I let her
take a couple of little naps in between
very short naps and then I would wake
her up and kind of you know play with
her she still did not go to sleep until
like 1:30 in the morning and it wasn't a
very good night last night was the worst
night that I've had with her I have been
told before that if you interrupt a baby
sleep pattern it makes things even worse
and it was what did you say in back
there we're about to pull into Nana's
driveway to get symphony I'm very
curious to see how she's gonna respond
to the fact that Sam was right
Nana's house I think he's having a
layover right now or he's still waiting
to get on the first plane I'm not
exactly sure hey you what are you doing
back there
that's so fun
really fast and exhilarating I was going
downhill on a movie pathway on a
skateboard
can't beat that don't thinking go any
faster than that
I don't think it's like physically
possible freezing
it's probably physically possible not
emotionally I've done the calculations
according to Mike here we're trying to
get to g2 he's taking care of all the
logistics okay let's go get my girl she
usually comes down the stairs cute all
their little water stuff out and drying
off it's your mommy did you have fun did
you just go swimming you always like so
much older when I see you the next day I
owe you a little sunburn on your nose is
peeling lemonade I always bring symphony
drinks and or snacks when I pick her up
from Nana's house squeezer yeah you
gotta buckle up guess where we're going
now to be Beau's house we're gonna have
dinner with people and pop off
they do the first place to go alone with
all three kids would be my mom's house
that'd be the best place for me okay
I've got a little nervous about being
alone with the kids we have yet to go
somewhere all three of us together where
we actually all get out of the car
did you and Leah have a good time
together what was the very very very
best thing y'all did
like a board game
Oh Connect four you'll play that you and
Leonie I would like wow that sounds so
cool
they have iPads everywhere gates over
here
look through everywhere the restaurants
iPads
oh my work does the Queen behind
became
slang
superhero people around
according to the event to the coolest
thing about it is they heard of us which
is awesome like oh seven year yeah it's
a cool window I just froze my camera
wasn't focusing the whole time I was
doing earlier so sorry about the blurry
finish
it's a big claim
I don't know I'm in the middle of the 40
cases we'd get up everyone
we made it to be those house and I've
got to get this little girl up she just
had a two-hour nap at home with 30
minute intermission and then another
two-hour nap I think she woke up a
couple of times but that's too many
two-hour naps in a row
you guys can't talk well desperate for a
good night's sleep tonight oh it's so
good you don't even have your Walker you
know my dad's homegrown Tomatoes yeah
look at him you make tights I'm home
with you need to take some home with me
doesn't look so good yeah dinners over
for everyone now here bebo people had to
wait her turn for the baby to eat does
she feel bigger
somehow Bebo has the first bow I ever
bought for Symphony six years later
almost wait and it even has a little
pearl in the middle I'm gonna try it on
Julius here that's our first little clip
in bow to where that's so pretty
said she didn't really like it I don't
like it it looks pretty on you
we're getting ready for bed did we have
a good time at Bebo's house you crazy
little kids y'all were crazy silly there
weren't y'all I'm so glad you're home
tonight
first thing the kids said when we pulled
up into the driveway was outlined daddy
I want daddy I guess it's gonna take a
couple days for them to get used to the
fact that he is not here right now and
then by the time they get used to it
he'll be coming back homes hope really
Iceland like it's really happening we're
doing the saving for this trip for how
many years
no I think it's been at least six six ma
let me see you ran away all those teeth
looks so clean and handsome they look
sparkling beautiful I love it what do
you think somebody is very happy see
this had a very good feeding so we're
gonna do comment of the day together it
comes from trelaina Jones her question
is is New Year going to blog and that's
a good opportunity for me to say yes I
am going to blog but because of the time
difference you guys will have the chance
to watch two vlogs while Sam is out of
town you can watch his adventures and
you can watch my adventures if you want
to call it that
like I said yes you will have to Sam
many of videos to watch until Sam gets
home and did it'll be symphonies
birthday party cuz we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
