good morning guys I'm in the car all by
myself because I parked so horribly this
morning at church horribly then I backed
out brie park and like I did it horrible
again but I'm running late
look at this I didn't even like line up
with the car oh my gosh this is stupid I
don't know why can't I get it straight
in this together
Sydney's having a pool party with a
friend Leah
oh man and too cute look at Tiffany what
are you guys going to do together are
you guys gonna play games in the pool
what games you guys gonna play
like mermaid or something you're gonna
pretend you're mermaids did you get
burned
they have mermaids all right well you
got so far I love you bye come on what
hey buddy
cancel no bye Grady good bye bye
me and Abram are cleaning up we're
getting things back in order from the
party yesterday and this is how we're
doing it
Abram Oh special delivery can you take
the screwdriver and put it on Daddy's
desk this is supposed to make things
below so I have made a mixture to put on
top of the cake frosting yesterday and
also him eliminate I poured a little bit
of this and it's supposed to make it
glow so will the sleeping baby wake up
is he gonna happen when we first had
Juliette we thought like oh my gosh this
is not real it's gonna change one day
she just slept so good we were having
full night to sleep there
interrupted sometimes but it was so good
it was just so precious oh my gosh our
yard is trash I just walked out here to
make a small dent and I'm not even gonna
make like a hairline evident anyways but
now she's been staying awake from the
hours of like 8 or 9 p.m. till 2 a.m.
someone's random shirt gross huh I don't
know if I'm gonna be able to get all
those stains out that was one of the
first bigger somewhat bigger parties we
posted since Symphony was really little
we used to host all her birthdays here
we haven't done that in a while because
our space is just so crowded in in the
house but last night was good it wasn't
too hot it was fun
so the mess is worth it
let me get you oh I made a pretty good
dent took 20 minutes I got all the
tables cleared off three trash sacks and
a box later most of the glow sticks are
picked up off the floor there's one when
I go inside I get a drink of water and
then when I come back out and tackle
this area it's really not that bad it's
just a lot of glow sticks on the ground
back here which I thought about just
throwing them back into the pool they're
gonna glow tonight
here comes my helper you better help me
disinfect some tables yeah let me see
thank you
this cleanup makes me sad
every Minar at Bass Pro Shops for the
second Sunday in a row but this time
we're here because I need some clothes
for my Iceland trip this is getting a
real but I got the invitation in the
mail
it seems so like for our burritos like
this that's not going to happen I'm not
going to Iceland that's what that was my
approaches I didn't have a passport at
the time we were so busy we had Juliette
but here I am leaving tomorrow at Bass
Pro Shops to shop for some waterproof
pants because that was suggested by
somebody I might look for I guess a
jacket - and maybe a fishing pole Mike
is going to meet me up here we're going
to have something to eat and discuss the
things we need before we go push whoa
well close Wow that hit your head
it did I got she was looking at me
photos but still again I'm gonna miss
you buddy
just be going for four days I I'm sure
gonna miss you I have these waves of
emotion come over we're sort of thinking
about the trip either I'm like really
excited and just pumped and I can't
believe this is actually happening to me
and I'm getting this experience or I get
really sad thinking about leaving a true
man missing four days of his life right
now I'm just talking about either one
that's why I appear normal and balanced
I'm just looking for waterproof jacket
you can't come ready it's just me
mark was just telling me about an app
that he found her Icelanders the husband
comb Icelanders Icelandic ears Atlantis
probably not but he said there's an app
for Iceland there's the download to see
if they're related to somebody before
they start dating them because Iceland
is that small did you download it no I'm
down to that why you're married yes
curiosity no the fish is going to catch
you
the fish is going to catch you no no no
no we're going to have some fish here
but the restaurant is closed so Mike and
I are going to go chat over some
Culver's we have some custard tell us
stomach hurts
tell us stomachs hurt he has like my new
shades Mike took my old ones ain't this
guy is the coolest kid I know I'm not
even joking I kind of came home a bit
gasps see what a goofball I love it so
much he's becoming my best friend
you guys remember Culver's we ate here
on a clover day and it was a brand new
got it woman OH
where's your shoes why'd you take your
shoes off kid
I asked for a mini like my god he gave
me this large I'm gonna go home feeling
sick just like last time
everyone over here are you going back
there for you I was looking for ham
still blowing this is the swimming pool
one day later still going strong
the red ones are at least I'm packing up
guys getting all my equipment ready
because that's the most important thing
to me on this trip is to record it oh
this is heavier than normal probably
because I put the little lens protector
or the you Nieman's you're gonna be able
do it huh
I'm gonna make it I do a lot of work
around here you do you got a lot of work
to car whatever yeah give it a lot with
the kids and it seems and who loves
there you love the cover I was thinking
of talking what'd you do I was thinking
I thought I was like what am I gonna
really like have to do that Sam always
does take out the trash that's gonna be
a newbie dog I'll be a lot over you she
pees herself sometimes as you can see
she's feeding herself her own Sam is
totally in charge of the dog oh I hate
the smell of the wet dog they begin
doing this you can make sandy do it she
turns out he's like huh playing with the
kids outside that was another thing on
my list taking out the trash and playing
with the kids outside when I can't
really swim yet that was what I was
thinking scoot over
no it's good a folder
we're in this together
