all right Sam sit Bubbe are you watching
we've got to give
in this together when the water whistles
the oatmeal will be ready good job dude
excellent so be patient
euro meal is ready buddy
that was cool daddy did that look
regular oatmeal morning guys last night
I went got some in caps but they stick
out too high and that poses the risk of
people hitting the edges of it as
they're coming down the slide so this is
what I'm having to do
it's beautiful isn't it
makes the last fins look like it was
funded or something I requested that
they make a window it's going to come
down like this and go up here I hate to
block out the neighbors in fact my first
request was to do a chain-link fence
like this side but the guys said they
got to get a permit with the city or the
city doesn't allow chain-link anymore
good morning guys me and the kids are
outside I haven't tried to be very
intentional in the morning time when
Juliet takes her first little nap to
come outside with my coffee and read my
Bible well I was looking for little
devotional plans and I found one that I
want to do with the kids and usually
they come outside and play in the
mornings anyways so before they go in
the swimming pool they're playing
outside while I read mine and now I'm
gonna read one with them and let's see
here these are my devotions and so a
week of worship is the one I'm doing
with the kids what is worship are you
ready to do this Bible study with me
half I just want to encourage you moms
who feel like there's just absolutely no
time to sit and really study your word
there is time when your youngest is
napping or your most your most difficult
childhood content with something just
get away for a few moments five to ten
minutes if nothing else it can be ten
minutes of dedicated intentional time in
the word dad
we have all migrated to the back all
including this little Napper Blake how
sweet she is napping outside while the
kids play
the last and final step of this slide is
to make it slick
beating right off of there that's what I
was hoping we're doing our monthly
Costco trip today we got some big things
coming up and we won't have time to shop
so you have to take care of the plate
right honey right pretty much as you can
see we have a picnic bench now
superdad got all three kids symphony has
a poor attitude because she's sitting in
the buggy like they were baby but she
needs to change it how do we change our
attitude to bright sunshiny Larry Costco
was impossible to vlog during we needed
way too many things we were shopping for
a our regular things and then for two
events that we're hosting at our house
daddy tell them what wait tell me first
oh my goodness only eight days left
every day she marks it and counts how
many days left until her sixth birthday
it's so cute time for somebody to just
wake a ride up because it is dinner on
our new picnic table tonight if you want
to eat one teatime Dindin time that's
right we're having teriyaki chicken and
pineapples and some lemon rice Symphony
requested to serve our plates doesn't
that fence look nice behind us with a
sweet looking fence there's the finished
window or conversation area whatever
gonna call it so I got this invitation
in the mail I'm gonna open it with you
guys LG o LED TV perfect black reveals
perfect nature LG o LED TV is piecing
mice emulator to the concert and
exhibition lights out stars on Wednesday
July 20 of 2016 rectification invitation
is personable non-transferable LG
invited me and I both to go to Iceland
but she can't go because of the baby
they also said the kids can't go I know
you do buddy but you can't because it's
too cold there Anita said she was gonna
go cuz Juliet but I still want to go so
I invited a fan basic to go with room
like from church him and his wife I
think are pretty strong man basic what
did you think Katie said she watches
every video his wife so I thought it'd
be perfect because I want to take you
guys along with us I couldn't turn it
down because it wouldn't be just me
turning this down demetria me going as
well as you guys come in with me so on
the one to like 20th will be leaving the
Iceland that is just in a few days so
yeah that's something awesome that's
coming up but let's worry about that
later and let's start thinking about
what's happening tomorrow what do you
guys think it is it's something big it's
gonna be right here in our backyard
again that's your first hand what is it
that's right it's exactly what it is and
daddys showing me sneak peek tonight
what's gonna be there I sure AM alright
buddy come on up do not go on this side
of the tape okay do not go on this side
of the tape don't go on this side of the
tape because though the roof is very
weak in those areas and you could fall
easily everyone see the black tape you
cannot cross the black tape okay did you
like the slide Symphony even though you
had a flow to you
I didn't really have it on oracy so
what's going on in here Oh Baby Talk
well I suppose we can night Symphony I
love you already
oh it won't be too much longer and you
guys will share a bunk bed so comment of
the day goes to Gracie see Sam you
should cut pool noodles to cover the PVC
pipe so it's soft and colorful it's a
pretty good idea huh yes oh you are okay
cool but anyways guys we'll see you
tomorrow for the big celebration and I'm
so so excited
and one of my friends that wasn't gonna
come just texted me and said she is
coming and another one of my friends
earlier said she wasn't gonna come and
then she said she's coming and she's
bringing her sister so oMG I'm just so
sticking excited I mean it's gonna be a
lot of fun we'll see you there well
we'll see you in the vlog before there
but don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
we're in this together
