you're taking a bath buddy you're
grounded from what you granted from
pooping
oh you pooped in your pull-up so how
many Sona CARICOM look out the backyard
I already fell out my window in this
together
chakra finger get a big shiny - hey good
Winnie it's perfect for everybody but it
is awesome so helpful for after
pregnancies but how fast you going how
Hydra answer pull Neji up an egg I have
been wanting to get back into the swing
of things since I was probably like four
weeks postpartum my doctor said no so
yesterday the sec you know six weeks
away I'm looking up a program getting
started tomorrow so I started today I
feel like jelly I know me too I wish I
could just dive right in I wish I could
slide right off a daddy slide into cool
water why
kids don't try this at home
guys right for this dirty nice and
sturdy
I could huh so I got this material here
that they place over bathroom walls and
the only one they had was textured see
the little texture on there it's not a
bad texture though but I don't think
I'll put there because it make it less
slick so I'm thinking about just putting
this side that's supposed to be used on
the outside down I'm using this side as
the slide but even this side isn't that
slick
that you guys weren't imagining around
it slide I wasn't either I was a
management you can fly it down I was
like you know I'm just going to leave it
around
me what do I have Sippi you have some
Smarties yeah yeah some Smarties Katie
we're the Smarties you when you eat them
well know when you eat them what do they
do and make you smart used to say that
okay well you've got to get out of the
pool come have lunch I've been working
in the house and it's getting closer and
closer to naptime so I decided to stop
working get the kids some lunch and now
I'm going to get Julia out of her nap
uh-uh
she said she wanted to eat lunch with
everybody we're gonna come outside and
nurse Abram guess what kind of burrito
that is it's a breakfast burrito do you
know what's in a breakfast burrito Bobby
are you doing when I was little yeah
Michael drop one to us oh yeah that's
right me want some Cheetos first Abram
eats his burrito so silly like a banana
or no not like a banana is it like a
meal like a sandwich or something you
are a banana she's going for it
keep going you didn't get anywhere Wow
this up they don't slide guys I'm making
the railings now and I'm making them out
of PVC pipe I got half of it done so far
Colton's at the bottom looking nice and
slick so far and I got these pieces okay
and there it is guys I can't go down it
yet because in the middle
I have cop trying to go this far
filling that gap right there and I had
to put screws because it's fairly
overlapping as I was a frustrating part
to work with Santa's gonna be the first
one to go down with her son cave that is
coming along nicely neighbors over here
and Colton shooting me with the camera
man yeah really man gentleman says
camera was it's like ten bucks dude
sandy look it's very sturdy there's
nothing to be afraid of
yes sturdy this thing is just thing
ain't going nowhere
Tiffany can you hear me yeah where's
your brother that is looking soo cool I
didn't buy end caps for some reason I
didn't buy him I don't know wide in it
but I should have stupid I just wanted
to get out of this I got an awesome new
bike guys I can't wait to share it with
you I decided since somebody stole my
other bike to replace it with a bike
that was a thief proof I won't need a
chain for this bike what one second
buddy I'm talking to the fam basic and
we don't have a garage so I needed a
bike that I could bring in the house and
so this is what I decided to get
Abraham's Bicas how cute the way he
rides it let's go put your trailer on
how late daddy's gonna make it to the
gas station with that are you trying to
look cool while dragging your bike who
or why is it nothing to me I'm not
scared of them presently an uncle my
tiny mythic Krishna
Oh uncle Matthew would help you crush on
that sweet Annie come on I'm trying to
hook you up to my mini bike dude okay
okay
such a goof you're gonna - I think you
should go no you're going to No hey
how's it going good David are you
touching the ground you touch him around
I need a little one Phoebe hahahaha
hold on kids
problem solved nobody's gonna steal this
bike dad
that lady was shaking her head she's
gone
uh what are you trying to say I did my
workout this morning can you work that
I'll try it though Hey oh it's so funny
go go
you got to pedal fast what are you well
you're gonna hit the curb ah
we have an extremely busy day today guys
I'm gonna go and say good night your
comment of the day and it goes to Tiki
honey what's up that right seriously I'm
truly onboard with 99% of Sam's ideas
but this just doesn't seem like a good
idea Sam there's a few other people who
said this was like the most unsafe thing
I totally agree it's unsafe what you
guys saw yesterday it is getting safer
and safer as the days go tomorrow it's
going to be the safest because I'll
probably be done tomorrow so make sure
you come back and come see the sliding
fun on a dangerous slide from my roof I
mean the slides of public swimming pools
they're just ladders and a slide as this
one unsafe because it's made of wood and
it's a roof I mean actually they have a
lot of surface air to stand on it's very
strong roof just curious what makes it
unsafe compared to other pull slides I
understand you're considering guys but
I'm just trying to have fun here you
know we'll see you tomorrow don't forget
as always we love you and remember to
love each other even those people who
make stupid dangerous slides from the
roofs for their family love them too you
know
everybody needs to be loved are you
still there
we can make
we're in this together
