good morning guys how are y'all today I
feel like I have a little bit of a sinus
something going on because my voice
sounds weird julia is still asleep Sam's
at a meeting and me and the kids are up
about to have some breakfast I'm gonna
have coffee breakfast
I shouldn't have breakfast in this
together we're having a playdate I'll
see him that his meeting Tess is here
with her team of girls Natalie is
holding Juliet and Katie and Symphony
and Abram are swimming oh you're gonna
fall backwards you silly goose Abram get
up there Thank You Katie
Tessa and I used to work together and we
were pregnant at the same time with
Katie and Symphony I was just saying
Katie and Natalie and it's so crazy that
they're six this time six years ago we
were giant and waddling around trying
not to waddle though totally waddle
totally did we would used to have
conversations in our in our store like
am i waddling right now I really don't
want a model but watch me walk tell me
if I'm waddling you remember that that
was me talking she didn't care as much
Julie yeah you're being so sweet with
your new friend do you love her colors
nice once you change colors what do you
mean what color is it
it used to be um blue and net and that
used to be peach it's still kind of blue
and peach it's just a little bit more
blue and pink now cuz it got wet I guess
hey brown what are you doing with that
Barbie oh so dirty oh my goodness we're
gonna have a picnic well this blanket is
blinding me oh my gosh daddy's home
Hey oh they're gonna have dry up in the
Sun I feel like this is like asking for
a sunburn
what a blessed blessed day it is guys
look what I have I have wood because I'm
going to be building something just what
it is oh I also have this thing right
there you know what I think I'll just
let the cat out of the bag I'm making a
slide I swim in here with the kids a lot
gets boring kid I just float around so I
need something fun for me to do around
here so I'm going to build a slide I've
decided to make it 21 inches wide my
butt is 19 I made a little bit wider for
wider people cuz I am here's my supply
so far it's just long enough it's all
still just a plan in my head there's
nothing written out I just went shopping
for supplies I think I need it and I'm
just going to keep it simple and fun I'm
not going to try to make it all fancy
you know it may turn out fancy who knows
even probably want to think this is a
train track haven't you guys want to bet
myself what do you think I'm making over
here buddy you making day yeah what do
you think it is oh yeah a ladder
Wow does it look like a train track
fundage blood dad you got excited about
it
no it's not a train track and you can go
oh
I ran out of screws and chips by
Symphony yes everyone's been having
major meltdown when I leave lately so I
just got a rush out the door I'll see
you later
I made barbecue though it's on this I
need the keys oh let me get here by this
going some snacks
I thought you get to bed early the tear
stopped right when we need here's the
slide so far little softer for my feet
kind of shirt that's just a frame I'm
still gonna put the floor down inside of
it yeah hey let's not play with that huh
I'm in over my head but I'm doing it
anyway that's the thing you know you got
to do the things that are over your head
that's how you grow I'm hoping it'll
like hit it like this and I'll be able
to stand it up
okay
see how that's going to go right off
into the pool
perfect I do want to over the pool a
little bit more though I really did
night that's the official length of the
fall right there some shells look and so
far can put some braces up here to raise
it I'm gonna do the middle ones have to
get it up the top all right let's go
inside guys did you eat dinner yet no
unfortunately I'm we have to stop here
tonight got to get the kids we gotta get
the kids ready for bed real real real
sturdy but I'm not even done starting
unit one put some X's here while making
this job as reminded my physics class
where we had to make bridges as a
competition between our whole class of
2005 who can make the strongest bridge
and is made out of toothpicks and
everybody is the same amount of
toothpicks same out of glue same amount
of all materials and I so happen to win
four strongest bridge not bragging but I
know how to make things sturdy so you
don't worry about that okay
this girl has been talking smiling today
oh look gray and I don't do the gray
even come talk to Juliet like you were
doing in her sleep she just left just
smiling at you talk to her baby talk Wow
oh wow
oh yeah brother me and Juliet went to a
meeting at church for the other rich
kids volunteers the lady who heads up
the kids ministries at Reach is leaving
with our pastor some of you who have
been watching we showed some footage
from a sermon the other day where one of
our teaching pastors said that he was
leaving to go help build up another
church in another community in another
state and so the leader of the
children's ministry her and her family
are going to go with him just going to
be a support in a community with him so
she's been kind of so we've been having
more meetings and just trying to
straighten everything out and divvy up
her role amongst our team so that things
run smoothly when they move next month
hey min here lately julia has been
staying awake and somewhat cranky
between the hours of 8:30 and midnight
not the entire time sometimes it's 9:00
to midnight so I'm gonna put her in her
swing for a little bit of playtime a
little bit of stimulation I feel like if
I let her relax and take her like stop
holding her during this time she doesn't
want a nurse and fall asleep as badly so
I picked up comment of the day I don't
have her name anymore sorry my phone
just died but a lot of you guys were
commenting on the fact that we're
looking for a house after we have done
so many updates to the inside and
outside of our house and you know that
is something that I think about that
makes me really want to shy away from
looking for a new house I feel like what
the heck we've added so many personal
things here that are just for us but you
know it's it's always good to go into a
new adventure with the expectation of we
get to do it again you know as we grow
our family this house really is just not
going to be big enough for us we need
more space especially closet space and
all these
running around distant Gimli running
soon thanks for hanging out with us
today guys hope you had a fun day with
us and we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget guys we love you and remember to
love each other
Oh
but in this together
