a balloon inside a balloon sipping this
Rainbow Dash - good morning guys mis
together good morning guys we are up
bright and early doing crafts time over
here at the Rayder house it is so fun
being back in the swing of things with
my wreath business it's not in full
swing but I'm loving the pace that I'm
at right now I'm really enjoying doing
these baby name boards for hospital room
doors simply just earned a total of $12
cash just for braving the water in our
backyard swimming pool and you guys can
earn cash just as easily by taking
surveys on Opinion Outpost comm they
know your time is valuable and they're
willing to pay you for that so you get
points each time you take a survey and
those points are redeemable for gift
cards this is something Nia has done in
the past that she loves you just get
random gift cards and do whatever she
want this basically free money and I
think it'll be worth it for you guys go
check it out - we'll leave a link in the
description go check it out and thank
you Opinion Outpost comm for sponsoring
today's video nobody's in the pool
anymore we're on the loose on they are
really yeah
did you catch some Pokemon yeah Pokemon
are little creatures like little
monsters and they're hiding amongst us
everywhere we are and the only way to
see them is through this little device
I've made here okay it's called the
Pokemon detective okay this way
Stephanie come here there yes that's
right there go get him go get it right
in front of you right over here we throw
the ball at it right let's go get this
guy where is he there he is whoa there
he is guys come here everyone stay back
he's a big one got him we got him Bell
another one April clear yeah get him
right there come on
got him we got him a good job buddy we
did it the kids are so confused right
now honey I'm going for a ride I got to
go find some Pokemon follow me here
somewhere oh I'm going on foot we're
going on foot going on come on already
Oh get him got him
yes all right let's get out of here
cause somebody shoots at us
well over here wait no wait I was going
the right way
think we got one in our trash a broom
he's in our trash oh there he is
watch out he's right there he's right in
front of you buddy careful
this one looks mean come on yeah Jim
Juliet you're right on top of them I got
him I was really fun the kids had no
idea what I was doing for the most part
everyone actually thought he was trying
to catch something yeah I was like my
little setup there I would not suggest
you guys looking for Pokemon in your
neighbor's yard unless you know them
very well I know them and they would
have shot at me I don't think so let's
go we're headed to GC
where we headed I would relieve
sovereignty you already know you sneak I
had a little surprisingly everybody and
Sam somehow hey it's our friend man
where are we by the way we're at this
random house this is our brand new hmm
not really we're just gonna look at it
we're looking at it to see if we like
you for our new home you're not moving
yet it may be another year but we'll
just simply like this yes right guys we
are in the pre planning stages for
finding a new home probably gonna be a
long adventure we're not looking to move
within the next month or anything like
that and the only thing on my list is to
make sure that looks good from above
oh my guess it looks like guys
I can so get used to that view kids
ready numbers little pills where's the
lake Oh a fire pit slush coffee drinking
area yeah you're right it does
hey yeah there's a little rope for a
tire swing we could just move our big ol
swing back over here look to both work
for Symphony I've known many veterans as
houses but I'm already in love with the
property can't be rude and looking at
this alright buddy yeah that is a pizza
so we got our feet wet in the real
estate market and that's about all that
was it's just to get us kind of prepared
get our minds visually stimulated and
attracted to the real estate market
because that's what we're about to enter
here put your feet in buddy but that
will not be our house there's no way
that will be for sale still once we're
ready to buy Lucy did Avery find him
he's been looking for you
rather hit 700,000 subscribers guys
right here on gc9 so crazy 700,000
people have clicked subscribe our
channel purposely I think and have the
thoughts are I wanna see what their
future looks like
guys it happened a little bit sooner
than we had thought it was going to
happen which is incredible we were going
to do this leverage the end of the month
you thought that's where we're going to
hit it so instead we're doing it this
Saturday just call me back you know we
go big or we go out of Texas that's what
I want to say
we get 700,000 four basics hey Briana
you're so beautiful
uh-uh alright guys comment of the day
comes from Kylie Williamson she said in
tomorrow all can you guys ready
screaming what but we'll see you guys
tomorrow
say bye guys whoa you a ninja now
we're in this together
