oh that's a straw that you wear my
brother you are my sister
made by the same guy nobody say
we've got to give
in this together
good morning guys
I'm getting my day started I just made a
Nia's Nest video over here so you guys
will have to go over there and check
that out it's all about breastfeeding
Sandy's coming over here in just a
little bit and I love to start my day
out a giant glass of ice water there we
go would you follow buddy have a good
day in cash buddy excuse me hi guys yeah
sleepy girl you're gonna wake up you're
still in your nightgown look what came
in today perfect timing while symphony
at Nana's I think we got a ton of other
birthday stuff in to me check this other
box in here yes this is part of her
present the morning she wakes up and
since it's a pool party she get to
obviously use it that day Stephanie
requested a shopkins pool party a while
ago and said that she really wanted to
throw shopkins in the pool or her
friends find them so I found this really
cool pack it's like an older season I
got one two three packs of Jumbo packs
for like 20 dollars which is pretty
inexpensive the shelters good-day fan
basic these are knee pads that's what
these are now I'm getting a phone call
today I am catching up on something that
I started years ago it's probably just
your the thing about procrastinating
when you build and keep building things
in your mind that you have to do they
start to become like um like a block so
I'm trying to backtrack on this list of
things I have my mind that need to be
done so I could clear my thoughts and
start with a clean slate and then
Thursday I'm finally getting this fence
replaced that has been needed to be done
since we've moved here
Oh whoops
Roquemore and it's so frustrating that
was the only role I had it's supposed to
be that gray right there listen there it
is
slate gray
this is what I've been doing all morning
digging a trench around the house and
pressure spring it get prepping it to
paint I brought you some ice water
I'm headed to get the big kids I'll see
you later it's like a cool out here so
the long overdue project he's been
working on out there pretty cool
I have a few orders in my empty shot
that I need to fulfill about into this
week so when you get supplies for that
I'll have a link below if you guys want
to go check out my Etsy shop its wreaths
by Nia and right now you can find tons
of cute little summer styles in there
and I have a coupon code that I've given
away on my Instagram so also go follow
me on instagram for a coupon code then
go over to se get my fabric and all of
my ribbons and when you're ready to go
but I just dropped my little receipt
rockball Hobby Lobby hires all the
little high-school girls for summer jobs
and I found myself getting really
annoyed there were two high school girls
working right next to each other and
they were just talking about this guy
that they worked with he ended up coming
in and the girl literally dropped what
she was doing
turned around and was flirting with this
boy while my stuff was on the counter I
found myself getting so irritated and
then I just had this flashback to my
high school days working I was also a
cashier I was also a carhop at Sonic
with Sandy my best friend we were
teenagers in high school and her
boyfriends came to visit us and we
totally dropped we were doing to go
flirt with him I instantly changed my
mood having good memories of me and
Sandy working together and other high
school friends that I worked or just I
mean I don't know you're only young once
so if loops my big fat rating just broke
the seat walls putting Juliet in
symphony
okay don't go past the red line bye Nana
I love you oh she's so cute up there
what is can you guess which seats are
your guys's my yes Abram you guessed it
correctly you insist you sit on the
bench my lady
thank you eat dinner oh never bigger oh
my gosh dude I missed you Oh buddy hey
daddy you're wet that's got out of the
shower dude
all right the finished product just like
I promised and I even packed some on the
porch you can bear so we had a lot of it
wearing away right there just put a
little patch right here and as you can
see a couple patches hey-oh
NOPD juice city of hers first
what oh that's a straw let you wear his
glasses Mississippi the good in glasses
makes you look very smart little kinked
everywhere really tricky getting it
through there
alright try to suck the juice out it's
can't come on come on you got this oh
good come on drinking
so stare hmm what does it taste like one
of those was mine all right Abram sure I
been wrong
new haircut do you know this blue
better this one goes in your juice and
you drink out of that
drink juice your gum and get cold really
out of yet come on Q second to keep
second tower comes you look there look
squeeze straw it's all collapsed
hey drink it Oh grandpa mm-hmm
mommy I need more dude really cute a
room Tiger didn't quite go yeah mommy
made dinner entertaining tonight doors
Mons losses sorry daddy you too bad I'm
too big for those guys oh it's sips
ational as our tagline sips a tional I
like a whole new meaning to wearing your
drink
no we're making them that's why I was
yeah thank you but don't forget guys we
love you and remember to love each other
come on love each other guys that's an
order
we're in this together
