who shot you I'm just lady man she got
the drinking I was on the caretaker for
ahead and she just got all jealous that
I was being the caretaker for it in this
together
morning guys get ready for church this
slop
yeah you do need flip-flops and this
mommy literally got everyone ready
well I'm about to have gotten everyone
and we're still gonna be on time
check out this girl's outfit look at her
oh my goodness
Michael's Andre I made these shoes for
her ah does that mean you think she
looks cute ah yes I see you you're
touchy huh get to know Jesus more okay I
know what you learned at the church
excuse me yeah hi guys all right have a
good class Anthony I come in mr.
meatball mr. noodle
Lord God we thank you for bringing us
here this morning
some of us have rotten weeks we're gonna
miss you guys a little bit a lot a
little bit we are dropping the kids off
at Nana's house and we're taking a
couple days off from the floors this is
such a funny scene of finding dory the
seals are rock and another sill came on
the rock they start screaming at Adam
old sweating is so hot out here
unless you can your suitcase where just
take your shoes off dude
if you're gonna miss you buddy I'm just
kidding about getting rid of you guys I
love my kids
this break is gonna be nice man yeah
we're gonna party it up in the bed and
by that I mean we're gonna sleep every
time Juliet sleeping we'll be sleeping
y'all for two days all right they're all
yours
you need help little buddy I got it go
upstairs
Oh Sookie thank you are you away Anna
my2k I got it right here buddy
okay he's so excited about the sleepover
wait baby we're gonna rescue this UK
okay he's got a checklist honey my
suitcase key
where's your monkey I want to show me
yeah I saw out in there what's in there
I didn't know this was here wait as
monkey in this closet mom no you do
where did this okay go buddy
yeah he's better Tigers get you lucky
boy so adorable go for it
thanks mom I love you said yes hit by
some church you see you we saw you we
saw you ignore us we're gonna miss our
beautiful children aren't we honey
we are going to have fun missing them
action oh yeah but Rizzi
thank you that guy right there is Joel
goes at our church can you believe it
until your camera
are you gonna try the latte it's called
the local latte money myself
such a big car
that's how I drank mine too I think
that's the point
I think that's the point is to do it
like that though the bigger handles not
cups pretty good it's okay it's okay
hey Joe would you mind watching you here
while we have dessert would you mind
watching her while we have dessert are
you doing the clear B huh awesome dude
it's practicing look at is cool
calligraphy pen guys hey sweet okay girl
our girl our girls 45 minutes ha ha
we're gonna go get our nose done I like
it hey what's up brother
yeah yeah MOC man you sound off star
they wake up in the hospital yeah you
look great man yeah this guy moved my
lawn one time I'm blown okay you talk
okay yeah I'm just I'm talking my camera
I have the solid I have like a problem
you got a small second box freetwitch Oh
what you got a second work speak with
you yeah my god okay how do you think
you go somewhere a little house I got a
prescription I spoke to go tomorrow man
about it yeah what kind of formas you
closed a got a fish
ah man again last time you had an
infection don't you
yeah that's what I'm set up it in the
hospital I got what hospital snake face
two out with important this is mark by
the way
go pick up some cash to pay for his and
what are you getting at about it okay Oh
gonna say my toes I got shot
yeah I got kerf lighters out of this
park and a helicopter I know you did man
Kissel Daffy messing with wrong woman
why that wasn't infected again who shot
you
um just lady man she got the drinking I
was on the caretaker forehead and she
just got on jealous that I was being the
caretaker forehead and I hain't was
taking care of me because I was working
for so good she had jealous she got
jealous but really what it was she
wanted on my house money
oh this is one of her hands money she
was stealing want me over there working
forward so she's like waiver died or
something that's what it seemed like
Samaria it's funny you say that because
nobody else thinks that but oh I don't
think that I'm just not guessing but
that's what I had him for her to do that
why else would she do that if I'm
helping you in and she's like mean I'm
caretaking or should I protect herself
did she shoot you could you she wouldn't
she went from the position she almost
shot him in the back I was walking away
that's messed up bro I didn't have a
weapon or anything on me at 9:00 for
gonna
yeah I got airlifting right out of the
courtroom over I have to open this door
cuz the handles bro come inside it's
kind of funny come on out man got a coke
sprite yeah they got a cool bug juice in
here - those are pretty good my kids
love them there you go bro keep the
change already appreciate ya Mel Bless
You Man yeah I'll take you there oh yeah
all right now preciate about serving SS
god bless you too and there we were
trying to figure out something to do and
guess what happened God came in and
saved the day he said Sam this is what
you're gonna do I'm gonna put a guy at
your doorstep and you're gonna go help
him
because he's in need and I blessed you
and I want you to go help this man right
now that was the absolute best thing I
could have done with my time just now
such a blessing to be able to help
people now we're at a random shopping
trip at Big Lots
everything is 20 personal yeah this
Sunday only everything's 20% of you're
gonna go first
hey this table we've been wanting a new
table wait a minute actually I need six
chairs
why don't we need six there's five of us
and Juliet has a high chair we're go
mama
perfect we can sit at the same level
with Heath and Amanda now you can Amanda
are only house guests
the kids can sit next to each other nope
doesn't fit that's silly didn't make
those fit over me so you know times a
half oh they have this table this is
nice
Oh cause it's a little phone I think we
just found our new dining room table
they would love it to soak up absorb
everything like that microphone like
urine and poop oh man but it's damaged
this girl has seriously been sleeping
all day long pretty much though she does
this every day I think you're just
usually really distracted she sleeps
quite a bit throughout the day it's so
cute
she's just like man cutie wake up join
us here in the world
oh shoot oh we already have a leg up on
it and we're watching the office no kids
tonight if you have grown-up shows on a
sort of kid shows I was able come along
looks like we have a wobbly chair yes
that was to be Abrams he'll think it's
fun got it Julia it's swinging while
mommy and daddy put together our stuff
hi baby
here's our new shower curtain it's still
a little wrinkly not even joking guys I
just built the dining-room table and I
rocked a baby to sleep he was just
saying how mainly that was I'm not
trying to brag I'm just flogging our
life so guys I wanted to comment of the
day but today I want to do a little bit
differently today in church I feel like
I was telling me something regarding the
channel and how much how much weight we
give the comments and how we let it
affect the way we live and our choices
that our daily choices that we make and
I started thinking the most important
comments that we should be receiving or
that we should have spoken to our lives
should be from the Holy Bible
and I'm thinking on Sundays now we
should start to a comment of the day
straight from the Bible we'll do you
know it would be a verse obviously but
we'll still call it comment of the day
comment of the day today comes from 2nd
Timothy 3:16 I'm John 3:16 all Scripture
is breathed out by God and profitable
for teaching for reproof for correction
and for training in righteousness I
think it's really important for us to
learn from each other and to be in this
together and to speaking to each other's
lives wisdom and ideas and that sort of
thing but it's more important that we're
taking from the Bible daily and using it
for a proof correction and training in
our life so we'll see you guys tomorrow
maybe we'll pick up the kids maybe we
won't we have decided but don't forget
we love you and remember love each other
we go
we're in this together
