that little wing what I sneeze ink up
Willie no it didn't Qt hey got no
because tomorrow the sunshine will come
out and I'll dry off in this together
you have to let it cool off favor you
guys got all your teddy bears ain't
breakfast this morning only eat healthy
cute well you guys need an apple for
breakfast that's one for the animals and
yeah good morning guys
I wanted to show you guys what we have
going on on this Saturday morning
instead of cartoon time Oh daddy and Ori
are snuggling Abram is kind of in and
out of Bend time but he's not in front
of a screen so that's what matters
Symphony and Abram when he wants to I
let them choose a bin and they get to go
through and organize it play with it
choose things I want to keep or donate
basically just whatever just have fun
playing being creative Symphony likes
organizing those so the think that's
what she's kind of focused on right now
we'll go flaming you'd like so extra
cute she's all sunscreened up and today
I'm going into I am all-clear to go
swimming I will be six weeks postpartum
in just three or four short days and so
I'm gonna cheat and get in our pool
daddy we're ready to go swimming Oh
Juliet this is an easy guys Sam's inside
working I'm out here with all three of
the kids and Juliet screaming everyone
wants to get out but to put her down to
get him out come on come over here if
you went out
I got to enjoy the swimming pool how was
it
you just floated for like half an hour
it's just not hot today so I didn't want
to get all the way in you're hot today
you're like extra hot today
the downside of what I did with these
Orbeez is the ground over here is at a
slope because there's so much debris
back here detritus and went down here
and all came flowing back into my yard
this is the slide that I constructed a
lot of them stayed on that side of fence
on this side I'm hoping but it's
probably against hope that these will
just dissolve on their own but I'm
probably going to end up having to buy
some kind of chemical or something to
eat away at those all right buddy
getting your motorbike shelfie and all
by yourself whoa I don't know what to do
I was just like what I you push me to
our mister you push me oh so refreshing
in here nice and clean a couple of
crickets but that's okay hi cricket are
you guys ready to be thrown up in the
air higher than you've ever been
throwing up before above this little big
swimming pool here we go guys it's going
to get dizzy so hey tight but watch out
for the kids heads on the way down
alright guys watch out here we go one
two
don't worry guys I saved the cricket
he's outside the food he's living an
awesome life now in our nice and moist
grass really dark out here we may not be
going anywhere no we're in terrible yeah
right
pretty big April do you want to get out
in this however what we can do is fun
like huh
there is a storm a-brewing
up and yeah big time this let's get my
kite you want to we finally have some
wind I can fly it where's my kite do
here is found my guy yeah how are you
come on well this man life is never
boring with him
there he goes down the street get in
here this kids going great everybody can
want to go up I got to what I think you
guys are wondering why again - because
I've always dreamed of flying a kite in
a thunderstorm like Thomas Jefferson
I mean Abraham Lincoln I mean Bill
Clinton
I mean Benjamin Franklin but I couldn't
get the kite up in the air and started
raining too soon it got pretty high got
bad real fast not here
Juliet just gave me the best smile ever
that women what I say tank up Willie no
it didn't QT got no because tomorrow the
sunshine will come out it'll dry off
always remember after the rain comes the
Sun comes around the laughter no it went
on forever keep going woods or shall
happen here keep going me she smelled
for so long it was so cute oh that's
like one of her first awake smiles with
the eyes showing everything oh she did
it a lot today she smelled a few
different tears at me his mommy soft
everybody went to snuggle mommy in the
ring she's getting so big he's well poor
daddy now hey daddy
hi we're going to the movie theater
right now cuz he finding dory you're not
gonna find a coin is flipped today who
is ready to go see yeah I am I'm ready
to go see finding Dory instead of
waiting in line at the door like all
these people I just bought my tickets
online in the parking lot and you come
in here and you get them out of the
machine
there's our tickets no weight at all
isn't that cool
for snacks too guess what we did who's
the chick fling on our snows so I packed
up me at first baby something is into
the trash
Wow no this one's not 3d actually no
then it goes glasses wait we didn't
learn hope it's on 3d wait you guys
don't want to watch the movie yeah you
don't want to watch it you even want to
watch it I want even watch it
alright let's just go there instead easy
just walking theater watch movie and
leave really wanna do oh my gosh she is
passed out like that little face you
little baby baby be like I'm getting
guys did you like the movie better go to
separate or comment of the day comes
from Kaylee Saguaro and she says have
you watched J houses new video yes we
have watched a house launch new video
they're having a baby we're so
congratulation this is number five for
them I was over here worried about
number three in here she is baby number
five on the way anyways guys hope you
had a fun day with us
we had an awesome and we'll see and
remember
but in this together
