you guys have fun yes everyone you feel
like a man you did some pretty manly
things up there and this together good
morning guys
you guys had a makeover we're vlogging
with our upgraded vlogger today what do
you think of it Symphony can you tell
that it's new yeah cool huh look at baby
look at the screen up today is our first
full day with no family in the house and
so I've been trying to catch up on
little things like laundry this is how
daddy dresses the baby he just takes all
the clothes off but mommy had to put at
least a headband on I'm so opposite I
love this dress her up and seen her in
clothes I know she's comfy naked
actually I don't know I hear a lot of
like salmon Michael were talking about
how much more comfortable the babies are
naked I don't know how true that is they
were comfortable naked inside of our
bodies where they were warm and inside
of water you think y'all are gonna be
best friends in best friends
Sam is also catching up on his stuff
that he does around the house he has a
wedding to edit it's always hard when
family leaves you know it's kind of sad
and it's kind of boring at first I
personally am thankful for the peace and
quiet but our kids have been really sad
we are however I started today pre
planning stages for a family trip that
we're taking this summer in less than a
month where do you think we're going boy
Oh snoop yeah a nice man ooh daddy told
me in a room I had some clothes to
exchange come to find out you can't
exchange stuff at outlet stores which
we're at the outlet mall near our house
check out this bundle oh my goodness
gracious this is the best job I've done
wrapping her in this alley so far what
size is that zero to three months that's
good that's a size newborn well you know
what Julia actually needs size zero to
three months right now newborn stuff is
almost too little for her isn't that sad
you guys Juliette's outgrown like almost
all of her newborn stuff and she can
still wear it especially the ones days
but the footy pajamas are getting too
short for her I think we're gonna go to
somewhere really fun with Daddy here in
a little bit well I think it involves a
swimsuit I'll give you that one clue
I heard you talking about when I was
coloring you did but I didn't tell him
where that looks like my belly
hahaha oh the baby's kicking
I'm not telling you yes or no I don't
wanna do it right the neighborhood you
want to go in the lazy river it is just
like your pool
hi
oh and I have an assignment up in your
lab music
take is that Oh son of boogers Julie I
just got attacked by the llama water
I shouldn't even finish high like ending
our day like this we came after hours to
the park they had like an after-hours
thing today for a nonprofit fundraiser
I'm really not sure but the tickets were
like a third of the price and what they
normally are and it's just a you know a
trip to the water park in the heat of
the day with three caves one being
newborn
that sounds really daunting and like
heck no let's don't do that but when you
come after hours I've only got two hours
you pretty much get to experience
everything but it's not so overwhelming
the heat is not so bad hmm everybody
want to come to the kiddie area to go to
Emma fly he never goes down the slide
here let's see if he'll do it he never
comes it here Hina cuz he hates the
sprinklers will you do it you can do it
ever come on this line come on this one
and that wasn't so bad all right on your
mark get set go
I'm so surprised his bird on the slide
very slowly I'm going to kill you slide
you guys have fun yes everyone you feel
like a man you did some pretty manly
things up there
hi mommy frogs they strategically place
the sweet frogs by the water park okay
are you gonna get it for him uh-huh can
you hold my cup but I'm on my car okay I
think Sydney made the best yogurt and
the biggest mess as you can see sorry
about that
we've got the smallest yogurt probably
the best choices with symphonies help I
got a very tropical yogurt with mango
coconut and I got amazing cream with
Oreos and marshmallow sauce Oh Danny
look there's a camera looking at you
stir your yogurt you're not supposed to
do that
sniffing war you're breaking the rules
are comfy I always do this they will
take you to yogurt gel because we have
to eat yogurt all day every day
know what that'd be awesome dr. Orly
snack and dinner in the perfect is line
that's what we're doing right now though
we're eating this for dinner this was
dinner so eat up simply decided to go to
school to become a sweet frogs employee
she wants to make yogurt for a living
and that's her badge
she's already getting started now yeah I
don't even have the outfit yet I think
that's a great outfit for sweet bras
it's bright and cheery no it's okay your
belly button working on your video look
got it
this is our new vlogger guys it's the
g7x mark 2 we were using the g7x the
first one that came out and this one the
screen broke on it
Nia dropped it in the bathroom at one of
her doctor visits she was logging in the
bathroom here's our other g7x this was
supposed to be our backup but just a few
days ago the lens was stuck in the
extended position so now we have two
broken g7 x's for this petite 7x is
really nice it's an updated version of
the other one obviously it does a little
bit more with a back LCD panel you can
go down with it like this so when you're
vlogging up like this you can see what
you're doing also this is really cool
give that little snap there so it's a
lot quieter now and not only that you
could turn it off and it takes it away
completely and I kazoom almost like an
SLR is that fancy for the low camera
like this comment of the day comes from
haste lens it's kind of funny I can't
believe people are complaining about Nia
patting baby Juliet did you hear Sam's
favorite color is orange gross ha ha
when the Rader twins are together it's
always a good time hahaha she Pat's
Juliet that way not only to get a burp
out to get the air out of the time but
also to soothe her she finds a very
soothing just be pet like that and it
wasn't hard just sound it hard on the
mic tomorrow I think I'm gonna try to
tackle those Orbeez try to get rid of
some of them so you feel the pull back
up don't forget as always we love you
and remember to love each other even if
that means padding each other's bottom
you know until they go to sleep go til
they poop or Kelly Burke
okay just love each other
we're in this together
