hi guys welcome to today's vlog just as
promised we're going to be doing a
sibling challenge wives against twins
those basically twin versus wife battle
that's what it is right and this
together let's start off with the easy
question what is my favorite color what
is it
good god I've got it what is he's just
doing exercise you're gonna watch George
I was gonna say nice guys what is my
favorite city to visit do I know wait -
my favorite city to visit yes I do no
they're not yours mine yeah I need a
notice okay let's say missing New York
City why I'm Josh
that is mr. Fenster I love New York City
what is my favorite single digit number
single there's a single digit meaning
one through nine word one to Tao I'm
gonna have to say one okay really always
looking out for a new bro I've told you
so many times it's nine really yes what
is my favorite multiple digit number ten
yes
10100 100 multiple digit so for my
favorite multiple digit is 1 0 0 1 9 is
my favorite because it equals 1 0 0 1 in
binary code okay yes nerd alert yeah
blocked over there yeah just a cheetah
seed come what oh you got some dude
where's my most moving and emotional
memory moving and emotional memory that
brings you to tears when you're at
nighttime ah graduating college is it
the scene of big fish as a memory not a
moving
what watching me walk down the aisle yes
that's it
no too much into twice you did I can't
believe you guess a movie we both got
wrong because you talked about you
talked about that scene on big fish so
much before that's weird
Sandra Templeton I love you and I will
marry you okay my two questions first
question being if I could what country
would I visit tomorrow Africa do you
like know what is it
New Zealand she got it really is it
absolutely that would be cool good job
baby yeah very much what what is my
dream job musician's musician okay I
would say musicians well exactly what
I'm growing right now is my dream job
Oh baby how my teeth have I had pulled
three high five whoa
go sit five just one guys all right my
question my turn now hey name once
subject I wrote about in my high school
newspaper you wrote about the librarian
yep I'm getting mad about people coming
to read books he's told everybody that
story that says it's a really a story
this is legacy has you heard that
stressful oh yeah oh yeah
yeah he's a lot of smaller looks like
good this is another way to repair what
was I initially trying to earn a degree
in at the Art Institute of San Diego one
two three
story wood storyboarding multimedia
you're both wrong really produce
animation on a scale one to ten how good
do I consider myself at bowling oh wow
you are pretty good falling
I'd say seven
he got it seven exactly oh he has a good
hook a good roll but he cannot get those
strikes Wow what is my biggest regret
we're looking back at high school not
trying hard enough
what I'm getting good grades okay my boy
your biggest regret nice cool you know
talking about this yeah we should know
in my 20 not being more serious about
football dude right on isn't really yes
else's idea
oh whatever cuz yeah if you don't
believe me
don't focus enough in football that's
always I sometimes regret the same thing
I hate it I feel like it could've been a
really good football player but folks
always told us up okay don't get mad
accident losing I'm not losing you're
not
what's the score they're actually he's
quiet
I don't mind keeping the scores will be
up here I'm not sure the scores are but
I think Michaels winning I feel like I'm
winning and I think I'm gonna between
them - yeah
who do I currently consider to be my
closest friend not including family yeah
oh can I just say like who he is without
his name no no the guy is your guy's
name
all right want to break the jar at your
church yep that's it it is yeah later
what go to work
Toby they're gonna study what physical
exercise activity do I enjoy the most
okay one two three
pull-ups sorry Sam is running running my
boss
I enjoyed much more poor dude I force
myself to do I like you what is my
favorite outdoor activity for the count
of one two three wait I'm already why -
I don't know dude three can use hashtag
all right count again for my vote one
camping really snowboarding oh of course
it's not fair
give us four that's like a lady's
outdoor activities like cutting wood or
shoot Bernero I don't do it was a dorky
question but you know snowboarding right
of course over camping and tagging that
along don't want but those are kind of
separate activities
I wouldn't put camping or cracking the
same voters said Chloe yeah that's no
boarding nice pun
Oh what part of my body you are most
frequently experience pain or discomfort
yeah Oh what to breathe nice day how do
you know my knees oh so was it sure
ain't about them every day
do I really hear on my knees oh just
begun I just got a baby you are my
Walker is in the trunk and I haven't
needed it because I got new shoes if I
were to ever get a tattoo what would it
be of ooh I know in high school I would
have been yes the same blue this is a
week I'm gonna have to say go to dragons
no freaking drunk
oh that's a raven yeah duh I've been the
head of drawing stuff we ask that
question and let me get it right read it
wrong if I were to ever lasted questions
on the right guys here we go
how many moms do I have recorded on my
map my run profile like total
yes whoever gets the closest gets a
point I'm gonna estimate
are you ready Nia I guess I'll chop make
an estimate 1 2 3 5 127 you said 500
yeah Wow Sam's a runner
127 I said is that 187 oh wow they're
your life so my poll has the hill to
bring up what was my dreams what's the
dream Sammy I'm a dreamer how old a boy
is trapped in this man body and you're
writing yourself what was the name of my
white gorilla my big white gorilla
growing up got it I've never heard of
this crazy new perm asleep I've heard of
what happened I've never got the curl is
name yeah we burned it you burn watched
burn what Mia
red army radio micro got that point
simple questions for Michael Bay oh I
don't have what is the name
okay my last and simple question is what
is my favorite color okay ooh
all right go countdown like three two
one chuckle right load your scent great
great oh good job but I said charcoal
bear what comes closer oh jeez Johnny
same gonna be correct honey
boom 0h water a lot darker come under
the winners but thanks for joining us
guys we'll see you tomorrow
for a next time
our sibling Josh's hi hi guys
No
we're in this together
