I'm gonna go play at the clubhouse your
mama Jules together
good morning baby oh no you're wet
Oh baby
Oh No
you want to go back tomorrow setting up
for that for you
oh what a strong baby so strong Oh
morning guys headed to the gym with the
little ones sorry but I can't bring you
along that is one place that I leave you
guys behind that because hey I'm not
that confident about me working out
routine yet and B I don't know what it
would be like to walk around from
station to station with this giant
camera so I just choose to go tell you
guys so I'm gonna go do my routine and
kids have their little childcare
Clubhouse that they go in often lemon
water we're off Jozy a way go to the
clubhouse and go play at the clubhouse
your mama let's go bye-bye
hey just gettin bubbles up your butt
get up Jose get up Joe Juliet get over
there you crazy kid
he says silly
hey guys I'm headed out with a crock-pot
liner and disciple land can anyone guess
where I'm going
yes I'm going to GC my dad said I've
been feeling really incomplete guys my
thing this doll got this one right here
there she is nice Anthony no seriously
though I've been coming down some kind
of cold but Mia save the night and she
gave me some pills like oh man they were
too big for her she took them all and
I'll usually I wake up you know feeling
worse in the morning but I took those
and I feel equally
I was taking those bad
where'd you get money Symphony you're
gonna buy Avram a snack
it is now time for GC
the big sister the clubhouse when mommy
gonna do her gym I calling her hustle
from now on when we stop somewhere just
in Brooklyn but she always tries to put
it back in
even though she she wants to get out but
she chime in and then you could get out
in the North Bay hey what about us pizza
she came and I put her down she started
crying just in our trouble knocks you
gotta be gentle to the baby you're
covering up the wrong lens
we made the Cooper's Kelsey - oh yeah
February
there's such a high level of maturity in
every way you are enriched in all speech
and all knowledge
even as a testimony about crisis come on
I think being too prideful spiritually
can represent Christ in the wrong way it
could scare people away from
Christianity I know a guy who's just
extremely prideful about what he knew
debated want to debate it all the time
you know the Bible and stuff but Jesus
is love if we're not speaking on the
people know then we're not reflecting
the Jesus actually is what are you guys
doing by the doors where's Jules oh
there she is
like our question of the day goes to me
me how has God been faithful T I was
going to say that that's what we talked
about tonight how has God been faithful
to you guys I'll say what I said tonight
and that's he's made saying note to send
so much easier for me the more faithful
I am to him the more faithful I feel
he's to me that's not really how it
works it's more like the closer I draw
to him the easier it is to say no to sin
and he's faithful to to be there as I
get closer to him
well lately I feel God has been calling
me into doing something I won't share
exactly what it is yet but it's going to
happen and it involves my testimony and
I just feel like God is faithful in
saying like you know you walked through
this hard path for this purpose I've
given you a purpose and and everything
you've experienced and gone through was
not for nothing
it was to glorify Him and he's given me
an opportunity to glorify Him awesome
alright guys I'll catch you tomorrow we
have something really fun planned for
Juliet and then the kids - all right
guys don't forget we love you remember
to love each other
she got a purse you bring a purse out
there
what are you doing that
