except me look at that okay pound bars
or surprise ready
good morning guys were about to get to
the swimming pool this city I had a
mixer prize for me but first you need
less oh you're gonna need that for the
big surprise before you guys see the
finished product I just want to warn you
that it didn't turn out as full as I was
expecting but it's gonna be fun either
way 1.7 million of them wait buddy hey
go here all right come on sis come to
your surprise
come on Sabine come on
where's the work visa thing
whoa this is resonate 1.7 million Orbeez
for you
can you believe it it's crazy ever look
at the Orbeez you can you can walk in
there waving you don't need a motorboat
you can walk in the Orbeez Wicca
symphony
yeah how does it feel put your hands and
kick them around
look I clean up those Orbeez buddy
kick them up that's your little feet
Matt do your turn
Michael your turn
good
or reply
yeah
you're here
whoa sipping them this one adds a little
red polka dots in it you wish run your
hand in there that feels
yeah oh sorry
there's AG now you gotta go pull that
will get your sister oh yeah Wow looks
like skittles I'm trying to drain the
pool now and make it another warp hole
there might not be any water in it
tomorrow we get to plant just Orbeez
that'll be fun
yeah it's gonna be really fun I finally
got a siphon growing over here we've
been having a lot of trouble keeping it
drain open from the inside because it
always a keep clogging it and so I had
this in my workshop and I just started a
Seiken and it's finally draining now
we're going to go inside eat some pizza
then go shopping for some fireworks and
have our own fireworks show at NIEHS
mom's house I just decided is getting
dressed that I'm going to make this into
a two-part vlog because this is going to
be a really long vlog today we got the
swimming pool in the Orbeez in the pool
and now we're about to celebrate fourth
of July family so come back for the
second part or it's probably already
post them and post them together that's
the plan if not I've been a couple hours
or something like that but a two-part
vlog today two videos two awesome videos
one of Orbeez in the pool one of us
levering 4th of July so don't forget
guys we love you and remember to come
back to part you
we're in this together
