yeah Sam is being a little excessive
with cleaning the pool right now and I'm
gonna dip my feet in because I'm hot oh
he heard me in this together you silly
little girl
can daddy have some kisses she plays
hard to get when I give her kisses shows
pulls away hey Juliet doesn't like my
coffee breath she's getting a bald spot
back her huh ah it's okay baby
oh no come on you little pasty gassy
he's the pastor yeah see you don't want
it
she's holding in her mouth and I've been
sucking it huh you're such a silly girl
hey good morning all you have to do put
the animals on Bennett drive by itself
she likes it yeah yeah she looks very
desirous - good morning guys Saturday
whew I feel like all of the body and
volume I had for my pregnancy is totally
gone
I've been shedding some of my hair and
I'm just kind of like me and
that's not fair hey Blaine I think it's
time for me to choose a new hairstyle as
far as my color go
what do your hair stylist suggests
something that you don't have to keep up
with you know all the time I would like
them then that would last me at least
three months before having to do like a
touch-up at this one so guys Abrams
pushing his baby oh my gosh don't worry
we won't let her stay in her very long
but oh my goodness Abram you are so ho
keep pushing her he's being so gentle oh
my gosh look you doing that really yeah
come give every kisses no kiss Abram hey
oh my god guys hey oka Michaels here
with this baby for sharing her toes
because you're funny still night let's
watch your heater closed look at this
kitchen
hi car oh hey hey there were hers she's
like no these are mine baby's doing she
doesn't so effortlessly I know why would
you guys to see coral person she's very
like intimidating looking oh you look at
like whoa shut baby's like staring there
now - you know what is piercing stares
very strong features it's a real I told
my crochet should make her troll for
Halloween stuck her hair up and paint it
oh yeah no you wanna sit up and look at
everybody I wanna lay down I'm a big
look at that yeah what do you got there
who does she swim in the water all by
yourself what are you doing in the house
now hi sister did you try out the
snorkel uh why not I am not ready I want
to wait until you're sick okay what in
the heck is going on over here
stop walking say it Oh
hillbilly Sam is coming out thank you me
uh what are you doing Paul comes get
feel oh yeah Mommy and Juliet are
getting our daily Sun she loves it
outside and she's been a little cranky
today I think she's having a grand smart
she was one month yesterday and she's
just been kind of cranky she's not
nursing or sleeping and I don't want her
to sleep constantly and I also don't
want a nurse are constantly so I'm
trying to distract it outside it is
maybe you just can't tell you just push
it open I left it open for you if not
you're so cute come on I'm not going in
the house though okay I'll open the door
come on Sam is being a little obsessive
with cleaning the pool right now and I'm
gonna dip my feet in because I'm hot oh
he heard me what Sam I have no idea he
can hear me but that dog his ears are
above the water I'm not
let's see how the slip-and-slide works
out my kids don't like water squirting
on them like this though do you see
anything
that's a tough kid guy ever run across
go run real fast go run yeah yours don't
q you're supposed to land in the little
pool there I come watch out Bobby watch
out ready oh no you got a run and go on
your knees go ever go ever
Wow you mastered it easy comes off there
I like to imagine I'm stranded on an
island and I find one of these I do that
all the time when I heat up a pile of
papayas and I eat every bit about the
scene to see oh yeah
there's my life depend on I suppose I go
like this like I don't want to lose a
drop so yummy yum yum we can share this
one like the last one go and share this
one we think oh yeah right
start from wind up so deal at the same
time on this side that side here you go
Mike there you go Oh whoo it went bad
smells like one firm every one of them
days no just one of them
Michael's just greasing up his kiss
razor my goal women do that way that no
more squeak what that's awesome
there's a dam or maybe even less good
here
he says it's not squeaky dough is it I
don't like less sweeter than at all
there we go look into the same thing
dude come on back come on back there
come on come on 360
three-sixty nice or life's not huge
two loaves in the front yard I think
Julia is finally getting sleepy and
ready to go down so I'm gonna do a
comment of the day all of the older kids
went out to play bingo
I actually went with them with Juliet
and the bingo owners wouldn't let me
bring her in because there's no children
allowed so I know coming home which has
been really relaxing it's just been me
and her hanging out our room and
watching some Netflix and so it's been
good and I'm getting really sleepy
anyways so comment of the day goes to me
ha Patel I've recognized symfony sucking
her thumb lately has she been doing that
for a long time I haven't seen it has
anyone else recognized it Symphony I'd
suck their thumb every now and again
it's not something she does um for
comfort or even has like a habit of
doing it she just like will randomly do
it sometimes I don't really know what
brings it on anyways guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
we're in this together
