you're insane oh my gosh
Abram don't try this at all my brother
you are my sister made by the same guy
now by the same
to live
we've got to give
hello world
and this together good morning guys it
is July 1st and that means Julia is one
month old today
boom good morning guys how are you guys
doing today check this out that is not a
whoopee cushion that is a water balloon
this is also a water balloon this is
also a water balloon look I could blow
it up like a regular balloon though we
my brothers are coming over and here's a
little purple one and we're going to
fill up some water balloons and have
some fun with them I've just seen so
many videos the youtubers filling up
these balloons and I've always wanted to
try it so I just did a quick google
search if they're available to the
public
sure enough they are you can buy them
like in there from the UK though I think
the first me the kids are going to go
out in the pool I only have a week and a
half left I mean realistically I could
probably just go ahead and get into the
pool but I'm trying to really stick with
it because it's the third seed section
I've had and I want my scar and heal up
perfecto as much as Abram
what's daddy and ready for little
smaller just practicing you're warming
up with smaller that is a giant water
balloon and according to Sam that the
small one I don't know I'm gonna see the
big one watch the water balloon I at
least have to put my feet that's more
like it
oh you can stand in the pool look I know
you've been touched
yeah there must be six years it is
officially your birthday month I know
you like everyone else is still at work
or furless or something like that my did
I hear his wife is running errands or
something and now do we still work
answers get frozen grapes
you
Oh
that's yours
oh my gosh slow-mo look we were missing
baby
reason on the phone oh my gosh
oh hey broom get on up get up hey go get
on get on
no Bobby go hurry Bobby go little baby
Julian
hey we'll do a waterbed oh that's so
cute she likes it like that he'll be
like when mommy's doing right you know
it's his relaxing oh this is the life
put me Eddie put me inside of that thing
be peak yeah
Oh hit my chin Matt's not there anymore
chuckle Maggie's get inside yeah you got
a long way to go bro Kevin you got in
that little hole I feel like I'm being
like rebirth not yet what's up really
shows up I can't wake up with your head
yeah me neither I can't wait oh my gosh
oh no oh yeah listen I've been here this
is crazy
yes
oh my gosh you're insane it's okay you
guys are sitting so gracefully I know
Leah Matthew like a little boy
like if this picture Matthew you know
what that was really funny to our guys
okay oh my gosh Gus we got a picture
book for us yeah was a little blob sit
up to the fam Indra can't let the dream
guy he wants to get in her way he rolled
a oh wait oh sorry guys you missed it
you lost it that was really cool that
was cool the rest of the family is out
at the movies seeing be FG i think is
what it's called the new Disney movie
about the giant so me and the birthday
girl were just here hanging out she just
had a bath like how cute and clean and
pink she looks in light of her one-month
birthday we got a package over here and
it came from one of you guys Georgia and
her mom they worked for a company named
play grow and her mom sent Juliette a
play mat she doesn't have one yet and so
I'm gonna open it up and lay her out on
it and see how she likes it Wow
they said more than a play mat tons of
little goodies for our kids down in here
oh my goodness that is such a cute
little thing
she is very curiously watching mommy get
this out all right cutie pie let mommy
try to figure out how it goes together
okay oh you see the lion over here the
Oz walls on it that is the cutest thing
look at you you get a one month old that
is so cool this tiny girl just really
got spoiled for her one-month birthday
so comment of the day today comes from
Asia Darsh
I mean her comment is I meant to say
something in the last video when you
mentioned Juliet's rash try putting
breast milk on it and then letting it
air dry several times a day
works on diaper rash bites cuts pimples
just about everything it's my Windex get
it so I try
last night I saw that in another comment
and I had just squeezed a little bit
onto a face pad I'm sorry that's TMI but
that's how I did it and it didn't seem
to work which that was the first time I
mean is that the way you do it do you
soak something in your breast milk do
you put it on your finger and dab it on
there a few times a day so I'm looking
forward to hearing you guys suggestions
in the comments below and we will see
you guys tomorrow don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other
Oh
we're in this together
