this is what my drum possibly got its
last footage right here I was trying to
come in here and this together good
morning baby are you bouncing mommy
changed the batteries in here for the
first time in six years Juliette's four
weeks old and she's in her little bill
said she could wide-awake she's not
fussy she's not begging to nurse and
being amazing when she just sneeze you
guys miss it
bless you tiny guys look at that toe
right there do you see it now look at
this picture of Symphony six years ago
next to Juliet are they twins or what
you guys yeah when I saw the eyes I did
like a picture of joy yeah but in a
different outfit yeah no that's that's
you six years ago but Symphony had a
little bitty bald head though that's the
difference say hurry up baby coral hurry
up cause in coral I want ice cream
we're patiently slush and patiently
waiting for my quandary and world again
tortured ice cream yeah they're going
with us but they're taking forever
Juliet's getting impatient she wants ice
cream ice cream I get my posit no he's
your uncle you just said it and this guy
loves you Michael good he's like where
my Uncle Mike yeah no pain I got Oh to
be nice dude even though
get your strength back I'm happy for you
honey give me that I'm too busy vlogging
I'm strong she fell asleep so we're
gonna barbecue here a hams orchard what
do you guys want what's good here
I don't know I've been did you hear me
sound good what oh my god for
bequeathing
here Mike I got some condiments did you
bring this yeah so we are doing Mazetti
on top of our barbecue here Mikey
awesome do put some on this step is
delicious
me and I practically ate all these last
night with our popcorn just eat it like
that it's so good yeah banana peppers
sweetie these are the mild pepper rings
they're so delicious you're showing all
of those what do you think mom delicious
there you go there you go there you go
Oh No get in my belly
you salonist awesome if you guys haven't
heard Mazetti it's a california-based
food processor and they pack these i'm
jars of Olives and the budget of kind of
peppers we brought it here to our
barbecue just to spice things up a
little bit you guys are interested in
chinese these are available at your
local grocery store and you can order
Milan we actually ordered it from their
website with a huge variety of different
vegetable pickle vegetables really spicy
peppers these are just three of them
that I thought would be perfect for the
barbecue sandwiches out here this meal
is actually sponsored by Mazetti so
thank you I'm gonna leave a link in the
description that guys could click on to
enter their Fulbright summer contest
where you get a chance to win everything
you need for your next grilling party
the best part of hams is the ice cream
what Abram ha ha ha isn't it so good
guys we've had it before right my god
we've never been here all this time you
lived in Texas never once I saw you must
point at that damn you'll get some in
just a few hours through mommy ok you
get your ice cream later there mommy
not yet just later ok
wait what you broke your drone mokey
this has to be a joke it's even had it
for weeks did you really break it Sam
is it really broken the cameras are
sucking weird there's a manual process
Kelly already you should not be allowed
to have expensive toy this is where my
drum possibly got its last footage right
here I was trying to come in here
I picked it up I feel like this man I
couldn't tell whatever happened it's my
fault I'm just trembling moving I ran
into this beam right here straight into
it loss of caps
just driving homeless need to worship
station and I hear this little voice
behind me singing this curled up worship
song and just oh my gosh yeah she said
they sing it at Chapel she has these
little motions now you got your ice
cream was it yummy oh stop oh and you
got your ice cream with you so know me
this is yummy yeah guess what Sam's
opening a bunch of stuff that cost a lot
of money for the drum here today it just
broke the drawer he's opening up all
this stuff when you do honey
yeah freeze or won't do that you
actually my - yeah
that's why you're saying you wrote yeah
you were telling me you're like I don't
know what I bought proud mommy moment
Haberman symphony are nursing their
little animals even Abram are you
nursing the doggy no no all right look
at the little mommy holding her baby in
a baby wrap that's so cute go show daddy
why you don't want to shoot things just
aren't the same around here we thought
Logan she missed Logan Symphony man I
don't know what to do when in the
backyard thought about going swimming
Suns going down pretty fast so I thought
it's probably not worth it today but
tomorrow we're going to be something
really really exciting so be sure to
check your tomorrow
it's going to be pretty awesome why my
boy all right you guys cried your bike
yeah yeah you can ride in the road why
not
and now Nia's leaving huh is there a
little bit I'm just gonna stop thinking
about it and just do it so this lady
over here she has four kids
she's always outside mowing the lawn
herself seems like her husband traveled
or something
but recently she had her roof replaced
her doors painted and she's recently
getting her house looking really nice
and so I offered to her some free
pressure spring at the front of her her
bricks right here y'all be good now
daddy's going to get to work over here
he always gets on to me for wearing my
new clothes when I work this is one of
my brand new American Eagle outfit but
the thing is when I got to do a job and
have to think about changing Penang a
new outfit that's the first thing that
stops me from getting stuff done so I'm
gonna wash your house wear my nice
outfit if I can find it out with my
shoot yeah my PB gun ah what's so funny
huh do you I had a stretch I had a
stretch extension cord across the street
to Blaine's house he's getting me the
hook up right now
thanks play yeah I don't like this a
little injects take you towards a sale I
make my own
oh yeah look nothing that's a heavy-duty
one looks like Mike's going to get it
down actually well Michael does the
pressure spraying I'm gonna do some
chain saw
Wilburn sandwich he would get off this
wall that's what I told her when to wash
off for her
this stuff is not coming off easy I
think I might need to go get some soap
or some kind of concrete cleaner from
Home Depot it's really considers like I
could get the yellow layer off but not
the stuff under it
I guess that's a better color than
yellow though right as before over here
there's after is there any difference
there helping others is really
refreshing to the soul I can't say
that's completely selfless of me to help
my neighbors because I feel like I'm
doing it for myself more than them
honestly I read something really cool
about fear and helping others recently
that has got me started on being more of
a neighborly neighbor it suggested that
if you have a lot of fear in your life
to go out and help others and when you
do that that fear dissipates and I've
noticed that has been the case here with
me helping others kind of a selfish
reason to help others but you know
you're helping someone and you're
helping yourself it's just a really cool
thing I suggest you guys try it off
you'll have a lot of fear in life go out
help somebody else somebody in need and
I'm also trying to live out the phrase
that I've used in a couple other vlogs
to be the change you want to see in the
world and I've always wanted to see
neighbors be more open more helpful with
others I thought why not just go out and
just start doing it you know be that
change good all the kids in bed knee is
still not home and I'm dreading setting
up my drone already here's what's wrong
with it a little gimbal under there see
it the gimbal is with the cameras
attached to and it keeps the camera
balanced while you're flying it's such a
bummer because I got this drone for the
next two vacations we're having and the
first one coming up I'm going to you
guys ready for it
but in this together
