what is it for your big day these are
there for my big gig you are my brother
you are my sister
made by the same guy
by the same heart we've got to live
got to give love
and this together good morning guys I'm
home the house is quiet everyone's
asleep except something I woke up to
text from Sam that she was sick I can
see that he's been rummaging through her
medicine cabinet looking for baby
tylenol or baby aspirin for her and I
came in here to check on everyone she's
just in my bed chillin with daddy I'm
not feeling good so she requested some
eggs for breakfast I'm gonna whip that
up for her real quick
she was so cute she was like I thought
you could only eat soup when you're sick
then Abraham's a week in his monitor is
your breakfast beautiful hi I missed you
it makes bleep yes Oh a good hug I'm
kidding sissy my mommy made me I
showered you want a sandwich no I'm not
like nobody you don't know
Oh II feel sick daddy hmm
be honest Aaron daddy look you're asking
a garbage yes okay so much breakfast
sandwich yes sure got backfired
I told symphony I would eat a um a
chewable medicine with her if she ate
one and we both are daddy now like oh
they're not bad mommy likes him too but
instead I'm over there like but I'm
trying to hide it I was like see they're
not that bad
and she's over there gagging she's like
spit up on her cell phones grosser don't
give that daddy a sammich mommy make it
why you need to do do I got that's it
daddy just left for a meeting with some
men at the church and so me and Symphony
are gonna work on this crap though you
her pick out on Father's Day the ones
that go right there on her chest that's
what those are for these little circles
are for that step one is to get her hair
ready boom mommy baby - mommy there's
the fan push it down for me sis and
we'll cut the extra off the back because
that one was a little long okay we need
another sticky on the top right there
okay you're all done what do you think
you might want to name our symphony you
don't know yet racy lacy you like that
okay if you guys can't tell we don't
have any family over today just kind of
a chill day with some downtime for me
and Sam David and his family went home
yesterday so Sam's twin Michael and his
wife and baby are spending time with
Nana at her house and I'm sure we will
see them all again tomorrow my parents
just left I couldn't find this thinking
camera while they were here I was gonna
give you guys an update on my mom she is
doing so good she was not walking with a
walker today she got up my stairs by
herself my dad was next to her but he
wasn't like kind of pulling her up like
normal and she kind of lifted up a broom
onto the couch to give him a hug she's
just doing so good but while the kids
are having their nap / quiet times all
three of them at the same time oh it's
like one of those moments where the
clouds open up and the sunshine beats
down and the music plays you know that
magical music that comes out of nowhere
I thought I'd come outside and get some
Sun on my legs but not my upper body got
my legs in the Sun over here I really
like reading of my Bible outside I used
to do it in the mornings but it's just
been so hot lately
and so so as often as I can get away and
come outside and be alone and read the
Bible and pray I try to do that
oh yeah ok go ready you're holding the
sleepy sissy though I wanna go swimming
right this instant instance is we got a
cool package from a viewer
no but yes it's like we got one in red
and one in silver
can anybody guess what it is yeah open
it okay that one's sissy what is it for
your big big into this for my big gig
simply this is your box it's so wheel
yeah you guys got new bikes but these
are different special kind of bikes
these aren't your everyday bikes though
these are bikes pedals we're not a
balance on my bike oh yeah these put
together yeah yeah get the rest of it
look at this she's just chilling here
while I'm cooking dinner where do you do
we get rid of Beauty bunny rabbit the
attendee we don't bunny rabbit guys it's
so sad her wittle baby rash it just
won't get better it's getting worse I
think it's from all the heat and nursing
look at that face you got her fist
reared up she's ready to go hi beautiful
you're still beautiful with your baby
rash you're beautiful no matter was it
yes you are big
eyes you sure are weak your big eyes in
your bunny rabbit nose you two are I
laid her down right there to go cook and
I came in here and I was in here for a
minute and she was I'm fussing which
normally when I lay her down on that mat
she'll start to press after a couple of
minutes so I just kind of got caught up
in what I was doing because she wasn't
fussing and I walked out here to check
on the bike smells like oh I was really
stunned how cute she looks sitting over
there
whew try out the new bike guy I knew by
let's see how well Abram can balance two
and a half years old
oh yeah oh man just a little bit too
total first a frame that can make a
small finger you can that's the cool
thing about it yeah brave over I just
yeah put that over your dad thing where
that on there why do you why my bike way
ride my bike all right you're the shot
dude sit down on it you raise the seat
now there you go wait you go man it's
pretty cool isn't yeah that's really
cool excited for him
okay I won't know petals for this bike
pedals we're gonna make symphonies put
these decals on it
oh why my bike up by myself
you sure are me I could job it came with
a little card enjoy the bike Symphony
neighbor we made them just for you Danny
from jubilant bikes thanks Danny if you
guys want a jubilant bike I'll put a
link in the description these are really
cool for kids obviously transitioning
from training wheels to a bike without
training wheels right doing putting your
sticker on
go fix your biker cool where is my god
yes your bike I will be doing it you
really are gorgeous today yes girls
night again I know turn wrong just so
happens that we're offering for dinner
tonight so me and Juliet you're having
dinner with the girls but it's dessert
time you'll have a chocolate cake damn
it I eat it with straw challenge yummy
oh yes look at that
why don't you hit it with a strong
coffee time let me get to see my other
arms not long enough to vlog and get the
selfie Thursday me we just always have
such a good time together we had so many
laughs tonight oh my gosh it was just
like at one point I couldn't breathe
like we were just like I don't know it
was crazy we were just we were just
laughing on anything everything anyways
I just think her did you had her mom's
cat there and have dinner with your
friends it is so much fun get right baby
girl yes we are and so in light of my
awesome dinner that I had with my
friends tonight comment of the day goes
to Kim M and she said it makes me happy
to know that Nia and her friends are
still there for each other
and still make time for one another
after three kids hope you all feel
better well I definitely do feel better
I think it's aimed today that pain he
feels better don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
we're in this together
