but what the heck let's go have I hop
for lunch we've done it for dinner right
guys for breakfast let's go see what
it's like for lunch okay yeah that's a
big job little coral Logan's parents
leave a little feet over there somebody
just became the favorite aunt how do you
keep a table full of kids quiet you give
them all syrup the kids all suddenly
quiet I look over here and Rachel's
feeding them ulcers hey it worked just a
little that's all no more okay this is
David and Rachel's last day here no no
Logan got some different so we're having
a goodbye lunch
Logan's my little buddy I'm gonna miss
him a lot look and I have been talking
about keeping his sense of humor not
losing it the aftermath of Noah but the
people who do accept you for your goofy
and crazy humor you'll know are your
real friends sure David I'll give you
one last wing before you leave we're
actually gonna go see David and Rachel
again in August goodbyes are never easy
I don't know when I'll see you guys
again why take a family occasional and
Instagram - baby towels
- baby washcloths what could we be doing
baby just like you man your sister takes
that - you guys get your food ice today
has been a really emotional day I need
to go into details but I'm emotional and
so me and Sandy are taking our newborns
and we are gonna have a night away
everyone's not happy about this so I
dropping the big kids off after dinner
we may get up in it just to have some
getaway time she is always alone with
her three kids we've had a lot of family
over so you know it's just time for the
two of us to regroup get together have
some good talks Hey look at me
are you gonna be daddy's extra big
helper yeah all right get one extra just
in case ready for a night away they even
have free cookies complimentary cookies
for your stay don't mind honey
hey are we having a girls night out
are you a mommy gonna have some chill
down time we are huh why might I feel
kind of nervous being away from her room
and everything we have at home all right
Thank You Thor you stay come on in your
first hotel stay of many I'm sure oh you
don't like it too much
whoo Juliet we have a big bed sandy
should be here any minute and I mean
it's almost bedtime I didn't just like
walk out and leave the kids with Sam for
life the whole day it is 8 o'clock now
they go to bed around 8:30 and there's
no family and hanging out at the house
tonight so it's just Sam in the kids
I'll give him some time to rest and
relax when they go to bed
some time away from me and Juliet and
sandy and her little one as well except
I don't know sandy might come without
Ezra he's like six weeks old and he
already goes to bed early with her other
kids and sleeps for hours so here's the
toilet for Sam when he's editing knock
at my door oh it's a sandy hey let's
party I'm vlogging no I saw you through
the door hole on a camera of a peephole
hey girls night party in hotel it's a
party in the USA too much partying for
her are you ready to go night-night
Sadie is kid 'less okay I'm kidding this
house I cuddle this I know yeah like
your kid free and you've got my baby she
doesn't get to stay with me tonight lot
mom but hopefully I'm just gonna sleep
anyways and just fall right to sleep but
this is super relaxing and if they're
really quiet in here and we both just
had c-sections but there is a big pool
in sauna area here but I can't go off
and she didn't bring a swimsuit so that
sucks you can you're about to be at six
weeks
Ezra's six weeks next week and Symphony
Juliet will be four weeks old tomorrow
Oh tomorrow six leaves in four weeks
oh yeah happening on just way too guys I
haven't keeping track cuz I'm sure not
have this adorable newborn bunny outfit
that I need to put on Juliet and I want
to get newborn pictures taken of her in
it and it just has not happened yet it's
not fair she's gonna outgrow it mom PO
that cutie we're having some gas
problems on girl night that's the place
to let it all go so I got her prepped up
on the pillow here jammy time
jammie-jams
like if her girls not out outfit she's
even got her party socks on bury your
party socks
we don't have parties
party shots when your mom of three
trying to get away and have a little
break it's like let's eat chocolate chip
cookies on the bed with nobody else
picking up them and have a decent
conversation with no one interrupting
you am i right
oh my god I've been nursing for hours
that's not a good feeling sometimes okay
what would you say is the easiest thing
about having three kids what easier you
know like no let me rephrase that what
would you say has been easier having
your third kid than with the other ones
my if you think has been that she goes
with the flow and I'm not so concerned
about Oh the baby's got a nap I can't go
anywhere no one can come over okay the
baby went back to sleep
and now I'm exhausted sandy you never
told us what's easier about having a
third baby I was worried about stuff oh
yeah that's true you could drop the
passing on the floor just pick it up and
use it again depending on where you're
at okay comment of the day I'm gonna
make sandy answer with me comes from
Ryan Smith it's a girl right and she
spells her name all right I love that
huh really cool cup should name his
daughter in that one day I miss symphony
in this one but it looks like you guys
had a good time
Nia have you noticed any postpartum
depression this time around you seem to
be doing great so we're gonna answer it
together well they're having the same
kind of this time right now I haven't
noticed any depression India okay to
answer that honestly no the answer is no
but this last week I have been very very
very emotional hints my little getaway
tonight with Sandy and just I don't know
trying to be on top of it before it hits
me too hard like I felt really
overwhelmed one day so I asked all the
women in our church for prayer we have a
Facebook page and then like today I was
just feeling really down and so me and
Sandy got away and had some time away
together and so now I feel better we've
had a lot of laughs tonight and just
been having a lot of deep conversations
and got some cries to
tell but those it's 145 yeah it's one of
the tears came laughing too hard but
yeah it's like 2:00 a.m. anyways guys
we'll see you tomorrow
don't hat we love you and remember to
love each other
it's together
