my sister made by the same guy nobody
say
got to live
we've got to give
where I won't
in this together morning does the tiger
look silly a room tell you what daddy oh
so silly I just know it
thank you sir good morning guys today's
going to be an exciting day Logan and I
are about to go out to get prepared for
a huge slip and slide I'm going to be
making at a friend's house from church
this padding I found at somebody's house
like right when I started planning it in
my head they were replacing carpet in a
very nice home and this was all at the
curb and I thought it'd be perfect to
put underneath the slide just to protect
us from the ground good morning guys how
are y'all today I'm outside with my
three kiddos it is probably the second
or third time that Sam is gone and I'm
here all by myself with all three I feel
like that's something I like to vlog
about because it's something that I was
really fearful of when having a third
child you know thinking about Sam having
to go to work and do different things
and that I wouldn't be able to handle it
I'm handling it okay so far we're like
20 minutes into it but um there is a
friend I've made on YouTube her name is
Jamie and um
she has three kids under the age of four
and she is just such a good friend to me
she checks on me off in through text and
she is a mommy slash family vlogger she
talks about mommy related things and
sit-down videos and occasionally she
will vlog her family up five and she
lives really far away from me we don't
even live near each other but she has
become one of my best friends distance
means nothing when God wants people
connected he will connect them it
doesn't matter how it happens but this
is her channel Jaimie Kight motherhood
real life and beauty on a budget and she
really does just go through the
nitty-gritty and the happy in her
channel those of you who do not know my
friend Jamie I urge you to go subscribe
to her she has a lot to teach us young
Mama's she has a wonderful attitude and
outlook on life and she's just so real
so while I'm sitting here in my jammies
and you know my plane just woke up and
rolled out of bed face I am going to
watch one of her videos they're always
very encouraging to me I'll have her
channel linked in the description below
and I just know you guys are going to
love her as much as I do this is a slip
and slide pick it up put in the basket
please
you do realize it this weighs almost as
much to me right yeah
don't hurt your back dude can't get it
good it's too big I can't oh yeah okay
good night little wouldn't even take a
little nappy can I fold some laundry
real quick all right we made it to the
location we're about to get set up here
this is the spot he has picked out for
us like it's perfect it starts on the
hill and goes down it hits another hill
way down there and the padding will
probably end up just using it right here
for the top let's see how far this goes
good job Logan looking good already it's
quite a bit of padding but I wish I
grabbed all of it he had a lot of
padding out there I grabbed as much as I
could fit the truck that's it as a tiny
piece it's a perfect day for a slip and
slide here we go all right let's go get
another one slide is already thanks to
Logan working so hard on it
everybody's dressed in their swimwear
what kind of same you don't have some
shorts on I realized this before
here we made it the slip'n slide looks
pretty cool I think I can go on
city of Dallas I state of Texas with
culture of America I represented
everyone cuz you're the greatest super
slide and slide Dan one's ever seen the
whole world's of slipping sliding slides
watch out guys you're bad oh man she's
got my camera all wet worked out pretty
good
I wouldn't got a second tarp as you can
see that nobody's able to breach and I
wearing got that because we had the one
tarp out and when I did a practice run I
went past it but now nobody can go past
the first tarp so those big waste of
money why'd you leave me Dave we're
gonna eat something we're just taking a
break intermission okay I'll go back out
there Abram when you go down a big slide
how the little girls love Juliet
hi Lola Kate hmm you want to be on our
video this time haha well o watches all
of our videos I just found that out
Nana's upset with me because I won't
take it out she has been hatsune passed
out like light this entire time he needs
me men are gathered around the fire
I'm gonna tell me aunt Rachel's here and
she's going down this listen slide I'm
starting to get a little jealous of all
this slip-and-slide fun I'm just too
scared to do it with my incision
stripping off girl I was like I've had
enough with my other cream suit cuz I
just wearing a tank top
hurt me no nobody got hurt I go on a
floatie how it defeats the whole purpose
anyway Oh everybody was going on
floaties yeah wow she's really good for
I wanted something Alya
guys do you remember at my shower we had
it out here at this property and we had
a bunny rabbit there and I had like a
woodland theme I had totally forgotten
about that they still live here the
bunny Claire and we're gonna go see her
and just turns out that this little girl
came out looking like a perfect tiny
little bunny rabbit
that's so cute to me I can't believe it
later
Oh Darkman it's called a doggy that's a
bunny that's miss Velveteen real bunny
and a basic vanilla no no what you want
to try to complete a bunny food me don't
know no uh don't
who agrees that was such a fun night
that was awesome you did such a good job
on that really crazy high five yeah good
job Logan comment of the day goes to Ty
Lee legal Sam Logan really seems to look
up to you it's so sweet how you two have
such a good bond I just have to say I
have to agree I was just talking about
that today I feel like Sam and Logan
like totally connect and like get each
other like I feel like he's kind of like
a younger version of Sam in a way we'll
see you guys tomorrow I don't know what
we have going on tomorrow and we're
going to have some family visiting but
we'll see you then don't forget guys we
love you and remember each other
we're in this together
