good morning kids how'd you like riding
back there
Logan there he is
hi wake up buddy get your stretches out
it's time to go to church Juliet you
ready Andy you already go to your class
yeah yogi over just lay your hair in
this brown got a little loop so have to
have is really very mature today today
you gotta wake up now oh you wanna do it
don't you yeah he was counting on that
Donnell it's just you this is Logan my
nephew behave okay buddy so grateful and
we can leave something good - no we're
not leaving for a better deal
that was Robby you gotta just saw and he
was just announcing that he's leaving
the church going up to Wisconsin to help
plant another Church well the church
Larry planning is gonna help build it up
because it feels that's where God is
calling right now I don't think me and I
are there but I think definitely one day
he's going to call us to do something
something similar yep come on a broom we
got your boat late for lunch
and water can tell perfect
threes cute little bags of chips for the
kids you guys all get a juice box
here you go Symphony you got the burrito
I can our hanging outside the poor Oh
Mike Mike stored a little bit better
today not really a little bit better
though alright kids were swimming
guys we are doing too many family photo
shoots this summer I'm like out of
coordinating outfits it's stressing me
out so bad look at my bed I don't even
know what to do this so far this is what
we're going with Abram will wear this
and these shorts Sam's going to wear
this shirt with some blue jean shorts &
symfon wear this dress which kind of
coordinates with Abram a little bit and
I'm supposedly going to wear this all of
Sam's siblings are together for the
first time in almost 7 years the last
time all the kids were together was when
we got married which our 7 year wedding
anniversary is this summer and so it's
just a really good opportunity for us to
get good family photos of each
individual family all the siblings all
together all the grandkids together and
it's just stressing me out right now
I'm trying to figure out what everyone
else is wearing only one sister-in-law
has texted me back and I'm just like
guys I don't know what to put on it so
we're going with like the peach I don't
even know coral peach themed baby okay
oh gosh I've got to get Juliette an
outfit picked out Andrea and Matthew
just got here
Matthew is also a photographer he has
been giving me some pointers on our
outfit coordination and it's totally
change she actually came over here to
our closet picked out my dress and said
yeah that goes really good so it's
totally changed we're no longer going
with pink but still sticking with salmon
hey uncle Matthew Rick thanks for
helping me really grateful I was really
stressing out hi where where where in
your leg my game and you got a tiny
boo-boo thank you for waiting Abram what
you doing my hair so wait taking forever
bro let's just go man go casual like I'm
doing you me a lot go for that casual
messy look look so okay yes look reroute
so I could coordinated everyone this is
my sister Bella
Wow Wow we all made it
that's insane I think this was actually
going to happen but everybody's here
blood Raiders in one place that rarely
happens
oh there's Lucy that our famous
photographer hi Lucy so we're doing it
right over here on the water looking for
the egg we found probably hatched guys
got up and walked away
yeah you put your hand in my face
yeah say don't know here's the really
good coordinating for like traveling did
you guys grow up buying new clothes
yeah well if I Breakfast Club oh and I
already had this and Logan really had
that so I just matched it all oh you
guys I got something it bear
Logan emailed blue shoes I know a month
later I see that if dr. must be good
family you guys did okay oh man is it
the drugs to coating no it's the payment
I'm sorry little coral with a J things
mommy's holding Juliet yeah we just
snuck a really cute solo photo juice
week Matthews off your honors phone as
usual no trick with dinner reservation
oh we're at I got to take my drona
taking some shots of us from above for
you guys
hey what do think twice about it he's
like I'm gonna grab that so now it's
time for all the siblings we're back
they're getting their portraits done
Nana's just loving it this is so her
thing look baby look here they've done
more talking than picture-taking let me
just say that got it to file you won't
be watching you
good
hi ladies the odd you lead smiling have
a 3d touch like you I no no Frank or
simply I found the egg at hatch we're
looking for it earlier train you I want
to introduce all my brothers - you guys
all new viewers you guys don't know
about my brother me rock this is David a
little bit about David he's a
businessman he owns two stores in
Florida he's getting all shy and he just
signed a new lease on a third story
today before the drove out here yeah
awesome three stores is gonna happen
four to one attend and um Tallahassee
like sitting with him yeah chief Flynn
floor chief um go visit okay what was
the name of your store won't play
forever SimCity I need a woman yeah I
drew a blank
this is Michael my identical twin
brother but it keeps asking Sam how the
twin I do business then I have a twin
brother he's also he's also a
businessman he does web domains but
mostly sorry oh no keep him and he also
has a blog posted on the wall once every
week or every three weeks lessons last
one we posted was really weeks ago just
because we're traveling but we did it
more often before we're trapped well
that's when you really need a long
you're traveling those up the fun blog
coupon leg you got everything
this is uncle Matthew you guys know
Matthew and he put a very lovable guy
half-mexican wait aren't you know he
speaks fluent Spanish idea he's like
when he gets on a neighbor Manku but he
gets around all that makes me the starts
to act a lot like them the others this
is his girlfriend injury the brothers
this is uncle a Jew you guys know him
used to live with us
he recently moved back from Davis house
and is now living in Fort Worth and
auditioned on so and my mom's coming
this is my mother come on I'm
reintroducing everybody my trick is just
like Rachel forgot about rachel is my
sister she rarely ever comes over
missing ever since rarely shows her face
alive but here she is my beautiful
sister Oh handsome brother right here is
a beautiful mom to Jonas Gordon because
she's waiting for us
is he survived you didn't fall in the
water all the way you almost did I did
on the drone oops my career
cuz I'm going uneven because Julia we're
here at Applebee's to have some good ol
American food here I can't write
symphonies America symphony and Logan
have been having a debate ma yes it is
yes it is oh we got him get him Noah
he'll be three and swen any he'll be so
there you're 13 months apart that's
pretty close especially there like 13
and 12 and stuff they get my tiny girl
she durst a nurse a nurse now she's
asleep right buddy I'm trying to comment
of the day Abram hey I need that back I
hate it real quick comment Emma die cuts
from Jennifer
wellness and it's a really intriguing
guy it says did you know that symphony
Abrams baby Juliet a baby choral are
half-siblings DNA wise since Sam and
Mike are identical twins I've never
thought about that now we really want to
go look it up yeah DNA wise they're like
she's there has been sort of what I like
and it's interesting because Sam and
Michael both always have this really
strong deep connection with each other
have had kids we had fun with our family
today and come back for more craziness
tomorrow then don't forget we love you
remember
we're in this together
