oh my gosh Kaufman County that's us
tornado warning guys
she's trying to get snacks the lawyers
gonna check this up you know what a
person oh you guys are gonna make
yourself do that's a great spot to hide
this together this is cooking breakfast
and I'm so funny he's asking the the
weatherman what's happening today
okay a little adult over there here a
little adult no you're not
beautiful
this way bro yo in there shooting there
she gets next orders okay Tiffany had a
bad dream tell me again alright what I
do that I don't know does like simply
predicted that Anders come over to which
he is oh yeah go good put them on I need
you to you can do it you can do it stop
who dared to dirty it never fails guys I
come back from Oklahoma and the weather
is just outstandingly beautiful I mean
by every time I go to Broken Bow
everything seems to be frozen I get back
and then it's nice and then I go back
and then it's frozen
are you just noticing that it's winter
bud yeah it dies in the winter time
bringing your money to pay the church
yeah
everyone keeps saying he's gonna pay the
church like that's not what it is we're
not paying supporting of the church come
on baby
what is Gemma's shovel yeah Oh a little
yellow raincoat let's take a raincoat
yeah those are cool
she's a whore go to class my baby she's
walking in anyway
you were enriched not you enriched
yourself
that's Christ's grace but also God's
grace is working you to give you who've
been enriched by God not enriching
yourself
made it out in one piece guys you okay
Jeff quit don't give me that she's
fighting it was so sad going into church
but this I should get all the way with
mustard no Friday evening I think that's
it look you get up okay that's it
Reese's blue
sounds good you say blizzard you said
blizzard oh my god I'm reporting you
well at least put it upside out first
you guys are not gonna blue I was
scrolling Instagram oh we're waiting for
our food at Sonic and check this up you
know what approach didn't tell you guys
aren't gonna believe me anyway
whatever I'll just show the ones who are
gonna believe me okay check this out so
I'm scrolling through my Instagram this
is the official GoPro Instagram account
if you check out here they posted three
six ten photos ago a picture of Abram
remember that photo I've been hanging in
the wall in the living room actually oh
this sure - like what what I thought it
was a picture I posted like wait that's
an old picture and there sure enough
there was GoPros posting the picture of
Abram they totally slaughtered my name's
Samuel read our gets creative during a
backyard session it was in the front
yard GoPro at the back a smile is worth
a thousand notes that's what this a got
photo of the day nice that cool
oh no nice of you hey guys this is my
first time to actually technically vlog
with this giant massive camera that's
what it over I took a nap Sam is still
technically nothing but we're having
family over tonight and so I'm gonna get
started cooking and I'm excited to have
the kids help me because it involves
quite a bit of produce and I think it's
gonna just be like a cute I'm cooking do
you want to help me you're gonna have a
job with Sam Oconee and you guys put the
carrots inside the bowl for Mama
sure put them in the bowl good job
where I'm getting dizzy
can you guys believe the Patriots might
make it to the Super Bowl again we'll
kind of think if I'm going to go or not
I'm probably not actually I know on that
I guess so my money first bigger better
things I love you Jackson although I
wish your help
just like my reflection it's okay
there's no way the patrons are gonna
make a comeback again there's just no
way kids hanging out and watching the
game from the window good job boy oh
here's my soup it's the cookin this is
Italian chicken minestrone for
minestrone and this is the soup that I
took to Blaine and Sally a couple weeks
ago
you guys saw they said that it was
outstanding I tried it myself and it was
delicious I thought why I'm just gonna
make it again for this gathering that
we're having Sam's sister his oldest
brother and his wife Andrea you guys
know them andrea is not coming because
he's at home watching football we're at
home watching football too so I mean
kind of a lame excuse to make Andrew be
watching there it is guys I
underestimated the Patriots once again
except they're going to the Super Bowl
I'm at come on man he has brought all
the kids let's see if we have a tornado
warning here guys we're not oh my gosh
Kaufman County that's us tornado warning
guys over tornado warning in our County
where's tornado warning yes come on guys
let's go see if you can find it
oh really bad that actually makes me
kind of nervous we'd really don't have
anywhere to hide if the tornado was to
come through here
Tod's are moving fast yeah there's a
tornado a brewing out here guys people
are speeding through here trying to take
covers to call me for the storm right
now all right let's eat that soup before
it's never close all right
I hope so what do we need to do go to
the table hurry giving the dryer that's
a great spot to hide sweetie
yeah there you go sweetie
that's the best we got if someone comes
we'll get in the bath all right sweetie
so my twin brother Michael he directed I
don't eat them the whole thing with an
iPhone but it's per legit movie dude on
4k my friend and he had a premiere
showing in Hawaii and so we're all here
to watch that movie bad luck we're all
here waiting for Mike to send us is
youtube link why are you sending a man
we're all ready yes ready what are we
doing over here looks really good right
in house guards its viewing time so this
movie is still very private Mike was not
showing anybody so close friends and
family because he wants a festival
that's called free dot and they worked
really really hard on it so we're super
excited he's been talking about her
rolling
Maran reproductions this my brother's
company one afternoon
I still write everyday the only thing I
gave up was the clutter of this world
Hey look again he has no memory of it
alright
there's no idea the accident happened so
don't bring him up let me better than
that he filmed that with his iPhone said
awesome that's all done on the iPhone do
that's cool right
I like to Mike good job bro I did the
job acting - hurry guys Matthews gonna
do this on-air don't comment of the day
today Matt what's your fine buddy
someone wrote five hundred and eightieth
comment okay this is from simmer fat
underscore 77 clip hi I love your videos
alright guys we'll catch you tomorrow
don't forget we love you bye guys
yeah try with this one
