my brother show instead of piece of
oh hey are you good can I talk to you
one step outside talk here sure my baby
trouble my brother you are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same heart
we've got to live
not to give love
well
in this together hey good morning guys
finally we are about to see Sam's
brother David and their little ones Noah
and Logan Logan's not so little anymore
and I'm just so excited to in some last
minute straightening up in our bedroom
because this is the new room and I like
to show it off I'm clearing out the
dirty laundry and just putting it in
here and I'm just gonna become bag of
violations because our trunk is full and
I think tomorrow we're going to clear
out the trunk first all right in that
car anyways I don't know so let's just
see what everyone else is up to while
I've been getting ready Sam is pressure
washing the neighbor's driveway hey hot
stuff
oh he's so funny
it's looking good over there
and our kids have inviting themselves
over to the neighbor's house to play
their cars are there so they mostly here
did you guys just invite yourself over
to play that looks so nice they have a
pretty porch don't they so hot out here
for me I guess I can bring Sam some
water though who's been out here for a
long time
I think everyone's here and I got the
ice water and I come back in the pecarn
they are here hey guys this is little
Noah you're so cute I get his hair it
looks like a miniature Andrew you think
so over my school oh that oh yeah Oh
finally hi Logan
how's it going buddy tall boy look at
them we've been waiting for them to get
here are you guys excited yeah Rachel my
sister and mom makes bows and she made
me a boxful so we're gonna come in
Juliette sir I'm gonna show her her
nursery
Thank You Timmy thank you I can't wait
to look at clothes furniture so nice oh
yeah so that's what that dresser is it
got damaged right there so we had to get
and I okay I'm gonna open up the boat oh
my gosh matching made so many um we can
you said one for me outfit I did I know
I can't pretty watermelons thank you so
much your son was good I love it I'm
gonna keep looking at my brother show
sort of cease all oh hey how are
you good
can I talk to you wanna step outside
talk here sure my baby my trouble Oh
what it is we've had several complaints
to rock Crimestoppers back you have a
girl oh yeah
so we've had several blocks a more than
one night spot flying drones and
neighbors fear for their prophesying all
that kind of stuff
really yeah so I'm not sure if you know
with the drone laws my stuff yeah looked
at although yahoo telex see we have a
fern and i here i so cool basically uh
how big is your drums oh it's a good
size i can fill too if it's over over a
half a pound you know you had to have a
restroom with the FA yeah that's right
just 40 cents register no sorry daughter
yep so for mine say yeah here's these if
just one to be like say we've had so
this is kind of a mouthful for finding
your neighborhood met wanna go over to
the park and flat that waiter neighbors
are not having any kind of issues but
I'm not doing anything you'll just to be
clear I guess people around here using
this type of thing that's crazy hey can
get away with this okay so nice that can
get away with it in a huge city of New
York and I can't get away with it in my
little neighborhood and Terrell Texas
but I'm it's illegal to fly a drone and
capture images of people's property for
the intent of conducting surveillance on
the individual or property captured in
an image so we're going to fly this
drone legally right in my neighborhood
and I do appreciate the laws or the role
in it I mean it's like clear right here
on the first page it is lawful to
capture an image using an unmanned
aircraft in this state living now gonna
do some tests with the drone you want to
see how much it could lift so we'll try
to deliver a package to the neighbors
this one's pretty heavy let's try that
one and then we're going to blow some
toys I don't want to play right now
I'll take my pin put stuff in the vise
oh yeah this stuff in the Box stuff
target oh okay
traffic okay let's see if we could
deliver this package it's a really heavy
package
deliver it to him
hey Lovelace William yeah I'll meet them
hey where's your floating what yeah but
you don't know how to swim he does it
Gary
look all these little swimmers are so
cute where's this little guys outfit as
you can see we have purple pink flowers
on the crape myrtle trees and they just
decided to fall off as soon as I put the
pull-up and I have not put a cover on it
so to get on so it low yeah precisely
how do you put the ladder up there who
did that well feel good so I gotta get
all these out of there just kids on and
kill them
the benefits of having a newborn mommy
gets to rest when the baby wrists
just relaxing outside Nana back there
Sam's working Symphony swimming so nice
out here when the Sun Goes Down it feels
really good but I gotta go inside and
help out you're super cute
were you waiting on me oh sweet love did
you get tired and hot out there yeah I
got caught in food oh you got cold in
the framing Pole oh he's just that such
a cute age where he's like turning into
a big kid but he still has so many
adorable baby issues top qualities about
him I got cold in the Femi pool like
he's so big that he can say that
sentence he says in babyish turns and I
just love it you want to string cheese
what's all over your face there you go
take that to Daddy floss I don't have
any hands say did you to open it he'll
oh hey mom but I do have hands but
they're holding things right if we took
you I said I don't have any free hands
you like the fire do we touch fire
no why not why not even it will burn our
hands that's right
Logan are you loving on the dog that is
so sweet
Oh Oreo did you make a new friend you're
so gentle and sweet
Aunt Rachel a cozy she's got one on the
way you know baby you know it doesn't
have a jungle gym
Sam's working as usual
soaking it all in you know blogging it
all Abraham's crazy her crazy daddy
serious conversation happening here
Michael made it Maria and Andrea and it
pulls over there Logan everybody's here
now the family's finally together all of
us except for my head weight right
Johnny at the bathroom to go tears in
her eyes was so cute good luck this year
I'll forget to visit more with all these
guys tomorrow but for everyone to say
good night
no kinda guy yeah I know forget we'll of
you guys remember to love the truth
Oh
we're in this together
