basketball today what you all my brother
you are my sister made by the same guy
loved by the same heart
got to live
not to give love
well
in this together so we're starting a day
off by going to get my Toyota squared
away hopefully it's still there I want
to doubt if they had it towed but we'll
see still there and it's still flat I
usually have the worst of luck with
Walmart service in the entire oil change
area but today it was very smooth and
great service will be about an hour they
got me right in so while we wait we are
going to
I do need to run into one more everyone
line up for the fashion show yeah julia
is 3 weeks old today we're celebrating
with a little summer shoppin Sam has had
the same like summer wardrobe for a
couple of years now we slowly add to it
but it's time for Oh cute
oh I like this outfit damn that's really
cute
I am taking it back to the ATMs for my
new kids on the block for some reason
Julia is blowing spit bubbles what buddy
can you say that again so the viewers
can hear you say that
you're saying
laughter chick-fil-a is time go shopping
favor where we going to shop for him
this big helper or little big helper
where we going this way we're going this
way buddy
can you carry here by yourself here can
you do it by yourself I need a break
come on you got it no okay I'll help you
I'm so excited
that was a long ride
Oh are we going hotel Symphony you got a
spirit baby yeah just go that way baby
go straight let's go thank you been such
a fun dad I swear out there like no
we're not running he's like let's just
do it why not
Wow
oh my
blew it into a store and they're not
supposed to
company ran into Juliet back and didn't
try for back
that's right
right someday from first little fashion
you
you
this is fun being a mom it's fun to pick
out clothes you know that mommies show
me number one
excuse me
so sorry
he is ready to go Casey nice top
looks like that it's a cool board it's
actually Abrams I've been wanting to get
him a penny board for a long time I saw
him in the store he's one in a baymax
one but they don't sell mineral it's all
over the internet for one this is a
close one we it's a golden girl
I want to teach this guy how to
skateboard and I figured out the best
way to do is to start on the carpet
engaged I yeah I leaned back that way
now look this way turn your head this
way he doesn't understand that all right
lean back that way look this way you got
to look this way trouble looking the
opposite ways lean guys this heat is
just exhausting we are all getting ready
for bed
Juliet is asleep you're actually asleep
in her crib tonight yeah I thought you
went in the rocking chair I got to move
the clothes let's just keep it real
y'all sometimes we stack the laundry up
and we get to it the next day you know
or like the dance so we're gonna do a
little book of Bible verses then we're
gonna rereading time this little block
book how about that sis see I don't
think you can imagine lugging hold and
walkies it you just think you're so cool
huh what happened guys no family today
Michael showed up but he's in Dallas he
stand tonight there because they got in
late and they decided I'm just going to
get a hotel so we wouldn't see them
tomorrow and we were wrong about Dave
and his wife coming from Florida they're
coming in tomorrow so I know we said
yesterday that we're going to have
family in but all that's happening
tomorrow don't worry everybody still
want to show up we know you guys love my
other news I got my Toyota back with a
note in the window from a viewer I guess
they knew what Walmart we're at that she
looked a sweet little note in the window
said I love you guys love meeting in
person hope this makes the vlog sorry I
don't have the note on me but that was a
cute little surprise when I went to go
pick up my car comment of the day goes
the Jay didn't love and she asked the
question what camera did you guys use
for the underwater part I'm late for a
good underwater camera and I really
enjoy the footage y'all got but is the
GoPro session the little square black
one and I love that camera because you
don't have to worry about putting it in
a case somehow it closes off the mic and
protects all the insides it's awesome I
just love that camera because it's so
easy just to take in and out of the
water and not have to worry about audio
problems don't forget we love you and
remember look each other
we're in this together
