I love my on daddy you ready go swimming
yes not not your daddy put my big sticks
out one it's just before horse looks
already got out oh do it
good morning guys we're going to go try
it or new pool I filled up throughout
the night
in fact it fell too much on one side
it's leaning oh I feel amazing now all
these are sinking on this side this it's
all most of the whites over here should
have used a level I got some steps here
I'm gonna get rid of these but for now
I'm gonna use my steps this isn't
dangerous at all is it no not at all
hey Remo see you later buddy
you are my sister
by the same guy
by the same heart we've got to
love
give
whoa
in this together what's wrong I'm just
in the water so I come in with me oh
yeah buddy my ear is really really
hurting right now oh no where's this
noodle where's your noodle you need your
little noodles good morning guys how did
you like our swimming pool wasn't that
fun I can't get in it for three more
weeks
I sent my doctor text this morning just
to double-check can I get in the
swimming pool and she was like no honey
you gotta wait the full six weeks no I
want to get in it really I do but now we
are headed to the doctor to get Julia
its two-week checkup which means shots
I'm sorry for what's about to happen
honeybee we're going to purchase bunny
no she's not hungry I just fed her up
frog ever - yeah
audience yeah she is probably into it
well whoa whoa whoa this here much idiot
ways whoa in the whole pound poor oh
snap that huh I should feel good on that
cold feet I'm glad you lay it weighs as
much as I did when I was born cuz it's
like she's starting fresh like she's
still a newborn makes me happy I don't
like you guys I think they're all very
privileged I want you to stay a newborn
Oh Eddie you're safe here oh and
separate five dollars perfect stages
when you hear my dreams I love it I love
the dynamics of family right now skip it
oh oh good baby
Stewie
little princess feels better she's had a
great nap and I think she's probably
ready for our GC cookout tonight
symphony stay with Nana and Nana's
coming to the cookout tonight so we're
just here to help get things set up and
get things going ahead of time so that
when people from our neighborhood start
showing up everything is ready to go
we're gonna go have this have us a
southern Texas shindig with our GC
community I'm excited it's hot we're
gonna have hot dogs and it just feels so
Texas and Southern what we're doing
today I love it
we missed you when this little girl came
walking up to me being home isn't this
hot doggery accompany education she said
she missed this girl the most horrible a
new benefit Julianne be playing the
sprinkler system for a long time since
I've gone a day without seeing sick and
she looks bigger today I said well my
son steal your children you like the
baby
she's sleepy huh why is she so sleepy
Paisley thank you she is tired I mean so
you can take a nap huh are you ready for
a little sister
like
those parties cool just a second ago me
and Abram were just jumping up a storm
over here on the trampoline and here you
guys go to jump on the trampoline
if this is really tough tell us
in there okay
subscribe and face it if it's good fun
in in the comments below video in
yourself no it's not a no I'm vlogging I
don't really know how to explain it
and I am out Lucy's house hares not fit
hi viewers that was not snart Abram
hey you Abram he's still drinking in my
name four cups
what in Sam get this you just spray too
much on the ground and was lapping it
off the ground I was like babe wasn't
really like oh my just whack himself in
the face with the bouncers I got on
video you want to say my house mana
sleepover yeah sleepover
I'll let you sleep in Isaac's bed he
likes to fart in there all the time
oh nice has a hammer this can hook your
head and break it open that's where all
the lemonade's going and Mike's toilet
hey guys everyone's home and in bed the
kids are all sleeping I've been working
on a little area over here rearrange
some stuff and I made a little outdoor
shoe slash pool floatie area I hear
people talk about their mud rooms have
always had that sounded kind of cool to
have like a laundry slash mudroom well
we can't have that so I made like my own
little version but we have a lot of
family coming into town starting
tomorrow so I've just been kind of
hustling around it's super late it's
almost 1:00 a.m. I'm gonna go ahead and
do comment of the day okay today's
comment of the day goes to happy girl
21100 Sam should make sure that he
watches the laws on driving drones
because they are new laws becoming
effective as of July 1st we've seen a
few comments like that since Sam got his
drone and I just wanted to assure
everyone that he did make a phone call
today and everything is totally safe and
legal as long as we are three miles away
from the closest airport which we are
and we will make sure to always follow
that rule anyways guys we'll see you
tomorrow along with a lot of other
family and I hope you guys are looking
forward to it I know we are and until
the
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
we're in this together
