good morning guys we're doing Father's
Day part 2 and it's lunch time about
lunch so we're having an early lunch and
my dad loves Chinese food so instead of
takin all the kids into a restaurant
that kind of stresses him out a little
bit
I brought the buffet to the Rader house
we've got your fried rice and more lo
mein sesame chicken beef broccoli egg
rolls sesame chicken
so that's orange chicken Oh more of that
well more rice wow that's a lot hey hey
you guys the buffets ready come get your
lunch it's fortune cookie time let's see
what mine says if it ain't broken don't
fix it it's good fortune or good advice
it's not really a fortune happiness
begins with facing life with smile and a
wink Symphony you didn't get a real
fortune BAM see why hers has to have
fortune aggravations you don't well have
a job I'm flattening the sand out with
this wow that's a lot harder than it
looks guys hey
probably gonna get started on getting
the swim pull-up I'm not even going to
worry about my car today
maybe Walmart Tyra will just notice that
my tires out and I'll fix it
park you back where it was and it will
be taken care by tomorrow morning so
this is the 18 foot Coleman I was kind
of bummed out because the Walmart in
Mesquite has a bigger Pole then Rockwall
had which is very surprising I thought
waffle would have the biggest they had a
22 inch ER and Mesquite I mean basically
we will swimmin do you want to swim in
it alright and there we have it
guess it's time to start opening boxes
and figuring things out cuz I don't see
an instruction manual and even if
there's an instruction manual I won't be
reading it because this guy right here
doesn't require instruction manuals kill
instruction manual follows the Holy
Bible while Sam and Abram work on the
backyard Nana has had a project on her
house for just her and Symphony for a
while
gonna take some ffunny there for the
night tell everyone bye daddy
I can trade
this is big enough like this can you
help me pull it grab it pull pull
thank you okay see you daddy
you don't see me it's on your forehead
oh there you are daddy I cannot find the
instructions in this box so I'm
literally going off that's an easy setup
so first stuff to unfold it second I got
to construct it and then tilt with water
I guess that's the rim you get a bigger
telescope now man can you see the camera
in there can you see the camera are you
gonna get out I don't know can't climb
over you know what come over it right
here how you gonna get out you're gonna
stay in there we gotta start teaching
these kids some pool rules now to get on
that tonight go get very serious about
it in fact when we keep the ladders out
of the pool most of the time I'm sort of
also upset swim away symphonies safely
at Nana's I made it back and look what I
came home to wha what are you doing in
there doodle I'm watching you well
Abraham's racing I'm gonna get some
stuff done over here as you can see we
have like a blue thing going on even our
little baby over there okay you run
Abram and so I got these extra large
beach towels blue and white I thought
they would match I'm gonna roll them up
and kind of organize them get them ready
for all the family to be here next week
Junius isn't joined the soundtrack of
abram hammering boxes and birds singing
hi Juliet I like your little flamingo
sure what ready somebody's ready to eat
okay I want to do it again ready go I
must fill it up with you in it I'm
putting a wall to the hose in there
because last time or one time I filled
up a swimming pool we head out here I
had it kind of just hanging in there and
when we woke up the hose was outside of
the pool that worked his way out it was
a disaster slash fell / kill me / want
to die expecting I have a couple extra
parts thank you the water on the boom is
there it's cute free outside full keep
it in the ball dude hey keep the water
in the pool man ah he I got some extra
parts I don't know where they go so I'm
just going to put him right there
hey I know mommy's got your water
already hello I don't know if she's
liking it at first I thought she's gonna
like it but I don't know about this time
ah
are you not feeling it today your little
feed like so again note to self don't
try to baby baby and vlog at the same
time I got the camera really wet but I
think it's okay she's nice and calm did
you like your bath did you like it after
all gonna get jammies on
oh I wore her out I'm trying to Train
Juliette's hair to stay down so I'm
combing it until it's dry she fell
asleep too mami combing her hair
you get my pretty girl so pretty okay
we're going to do package of the day
this comes from Heather to peer to peer
e Allroad from Huntsville Texas
I think it's like a nipple pain what
come with these little little hammers
are like popsicle looking things
there's blue ones and there's silver
ones it's for me and Sandy okay curvy
not mine
I'll just school here set a mini facial
packet and blue capsule thank you so
much Heather that's really thoughtful
she sent it because we both just had
newborns and something just to kind of
pay for ourselves
a comment of the day goes to velocity
maltose guys get a new car instead of
the vacation that's what he would say
that was yesterday she told me we need
to get a new car my family was saying
guys you need a new car I think what
everybody's feeling to see is that this
was my responsibility not good
Wow this could have happened to a
brand-new car literally my Toyota works
so good that AC works better than the
Honda it's extremely reliable there's so
many miles on it I know it's cheap so
it's really low liability and also the
insurance for it is really low also
there's nothing wrong with it if I were
to get a new car to only be because of
the cosmetic reasons and I feel like
that's not enough reason to get or to
replace a good car we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
cut
we're in this together
