- yeah and are having a very lazy
morning trying to get as much rest as
possible Julia solution we were Bentall
- but she was finally down by midnight
really their kids what you guys got
going on tonight plate up high later
party play-doh pie you go play-doh party
yeah my brother you are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same
there's love
got to give love
well
in this together guys I'm excited and a
little bit nervous to announce that for
the first time in over two weeks
Symphony and mommy are gonna go have a
very small girl date so we have about an
hour to two hours of maximum Symphony
okay okay okay let's get it done and
that hard-working guy is who we're going
for
hey little only good info what do you
think we should get it which one I don't
know too much about this product that
daddy asked for so being with a lot to
choose from here look this one opens up
and goes flat that's gonna cool my dad
you know what when I take him out oh
okay our last stop was Dollar Tree and
we got this little gift bag and
everything it's pretty big bag under
what could be going inside of it oh
right yeah
did you help grab nanny's present did
you too bad you're so little
we're having a big family water balloon
fight today to celebrate 600,000
subscribers 600,000 it was exactly a
month ago that we hit 500,000
subscribers tomorrow to be exactly a
month I cannot believe that happen so
fast
absolutely we're just blown away so
we're going to celebrate and show you
guys our thanks and gratitude for being
a big part of our family
by throwing water balloons at each other
but not just any old regular water
blowing we were throwing pecan bling
ginger it's raining dude that's our
trees it's bugs
color - beaver filled with dye and so
I'm just wearing a white shirt we're not
ready yet Matthew still got to get here
but we're just in the process or just
starting to fill the balloons
you got a bud oh I got it guys watch
watch this this is going to be really
cool watch circle Zuzu
are you getting thrown up session sure
yeah right are you throwing up kisses
little foil and now we have water
balloons that is awesome hey that blue
water look the blue waters this ain't
your leg boy so we got over a thousand
water balloons here I was going to do
600 to celebrate 600 K you know hundred
a thousand balloons for every thousand
what is this look at this cool girl what
in the world
she's like a little diva she's ready to
play in the water it's summertime yeah
yeah those ones aren't as good though
everything you understood in it put your
feet in it don't pop them dip your feet
in these water balloons I want to be is
so fun I'm trying to debate a phone I go
get my swimsuit on and uh but I'm gonna
be holding to yet I guess I could put
her down
or something Andrew had the smart idea
of throwing one out our window and
busted it that's how hard you have to
throw them in order for them to call a
very firm it though but out the window
you're the water but who's gonna break
it you know let's her breaking my window
she's tired of playing in the water
these guys there's no end in sight oh
thanks buddy
Oh Symphony they're so hard to break Sam
you look scared I'm scared they hurt so
bad oh no I need in a minute ago to the
kid eardrums not to work if you put her
do you have to hit someone didn't even
pop I want to see if it was set up say
yeah what are you in the boys are now
together
I'm sorry
it was white
you
yes
600,000 subscribers Wow cameras right
here alright get picture of us art even
better cause you guys are cute all right
the blue fight turn mud fight how much
life we had no water zone over here
Juliette has green in her eyes green
eyes yeah Matthew very hard on her
sleepy yes
so she even got in a little inside your
water out so we're looking at the
subscriber count right now the licensed
subscriber count' and we're at oh yeah
five hundred ninety nine thousand seven
hundred eighty-six
getting pretty close so we may hit it
before the days over I thought it was
gonna happen tell like late tonight now
we're just hanging out what's up go Matt
hey guys it's a powerful jiu zhai
sweetie you got some shortcut under
there yeah and there right
ah I can't ever get you anywhere Oh
yeah 60% of a million awesome thank you
so much you're following along six one
thousand six can't go 60 so we can no
there's no way
hey have a drink that means being in
Venice
hey brooms getting a haircut in our
kitchen have you brought a hairdresser
in the family this is awesome actually
comes our house key with our hair
starting now right Andrea yeah thank you
so much this is so much easier than to a
salon look uncle Matthew
everyone you look at him good showing
everybody wait okay guys this has been
such a fun day hasn't it symphony we did
a balloon fight we went shopping for
Father's Day yeah we got 600,000
subscribers on our channel okay we're
going to call my bday but you have to
tell me when to stop wait till it keeps
going for a minute stop okay this one
comes from phil sun roof i you guys
should put her meeting symphony in
gymnastics i love it in a minute and
it's super fun how would you feel about
doing gymnastics one day I always wanted
to do that actually really mm-hmm it's
time to say goodnight symphony tomorrow
in big job we have to get everything
ready for Father's Day what should we
make for breakfast daddy's favorite
thing until then don't forget will you
love you and remember to love each other
I need to decorate the walls and
everything I don't know about that
we're in this together
