good morning everyone my brother you are
my sister made by the same guy loved by
the same
love
and this together what did you think of
the new intro those things I did in that
video that I had no idea how to do
before and so I know Premiere Pro a lot
better after doing that intro today's an
exciting day I think we're finally going
to get her swimming pool
and I'm going to get before I even level
the ground back here which is not a good
idea and then I'm going to put the
canopy up here this is a real backyard
makeover going on here we have a lot of
family coming in soon in a few days
David from Florida Michael from Hawaii
and his wife his baby but they're all
going to be here on the same time and I
want to have this all ready for them so
we kept like a cookout back here
swimming parties also simply's birthday
is coming up on 23rd we want to have a
party back here in the backyard
and I want everything to be ready for
all her kid friends to come over
good morning guys we're all up doing our
own thing around the house today and it
feels like one of those days before we
had a newborn I'm really enjoying this
feeling it makes me feel accomplished I
feel like I'm recovering well and I just
feel like I don't know but kind of like
things are going my way this morning oh
it's not too bad
I was just getting ready to do more
laundry and I realize we're out of
laundry detergent I had got the supplies
right before Juliet was born to make
more and I never made it so I'm just
getting this ready now it's time to go
pick out my essential oils for smelly
good parts as I use lavender last time I
think I want to use eucalyptus blue and
some cedar wood maybe I like the smell
of cedar wood and I've got a lot of it
it is best fiends time for this daddy I
am all the way on level 95 on top of
this pyramid all you do is connect the
colored items and you feed them to your
faint and then they feed it to the slug
or send it to this log and kill them
with it and the more you get a row the
butter it may not look like it at first
but once you really start playing this
game it requires a bit of thinking to
get past certain levels because you got
to pick the right fiends for the right
levels and the skills of each team you
have to consider those but anyway
today's video sponsored by best fiends
and they wanted me to tell you our femme
basic that tomorrow they're going to be
celebrating fathers day by offering a
special gift for everybody who comes in
plays and if it's anything like they
offered on Mother's Day it's going to be
a very generous gift I'm excited to see
what it is but if you guys would like to
try this game out for free click on the
link in the description this is my
favorite and one and only game that I
play on my iPhone
oh gosh help up in here
yeah I think so too
what Finny well turns out nobody has
swimming pool except Walmart around her
and the next week or so it's going to be
on triple digits here in Texas for the
next several days so we're getting
swimming pool and we're getting the
biggest one they've got I wonder one of
the rectangular ones but it looks like
Walmart just said the circular looks
look who followed us here are you doing
heat you don't want those double decker
buggies it's awesome what you guys
shopping for just some makeup oh yeah
that's the good stuff you guys actually
surprised thank you
I'll tell you before you buy it right oh
oh god I got that on camera
oh okay guys all right no more hitting
heath care you hurt his feelings
did you give me the hug and apologize
you did okay alright he does good senior
bro yes sir this one right here the
biggest one you got is that the biggest
one oh boy okay
hey bro can you help him out by the idol
get in our car
are you guys super excited first moving
pool
close the door back there
rocking the car a lot it's like whoosh
whoosh whoosh I'm nervous
it'll target with us
lady we see that wonderful she said that
the whole way here she was look back
there and say Danny we didn't lose a
pool yet like we're supposed to lose it
girls are calling off down here oh yeah
she got so red in the car you guys it's
not fair that baby's up to face backward
no she just pooped and could even move a
muscle
can you go get me that little basket bus
on my bed full of diapers and wipes Oh
Symphony is on it I also need baby wipes
somebody's fast I don't even know if she
heard me at birth Wow thank you so much
now give those to Daddy freakin you're
breaking okay just load it on the cool
apples
oh so many diapers oh yeah well but your
dad it is it will help it ever you have
to know how to open up the diaper
it's scary I'll hold her feet up for you
Oh
open it
you two put a little tabs now open pull
that let her beat get in it now wiper
with the white Symphony you're doing
good my can now put it inside the Becker
and roll it up so sweet wipe in your
sissy that's great that's a good job
I'll do the rest
hey not so bad for their first time that
was really good they did a good job
mommy's gonna finish and put the clean
diaper owner yeah yeah you're gonna need
to empty out the diaper genie
there's a diaper right at the top of it
what is she doing
has a voice oh um the right there still
looks a little high in a minute okay
sure I will in just a minute buddy she's
so silly so the guys about the sand from
totally overestimated how much I needed
for my sandbox but it really worked out
because I was going to good swimming
pool I forgot but I was gonna need sand
over here cuz it dips in the ground over
here and needs to be level obviously and
so I got just enough sand looks like
just enough to make this whole area
level
well it's hoping to get the pool up
tonight but looks like that's not gonna
happen
because it's just too late temper bit
it's time for the kids to go to bed at
least I got to finish this intro I know
you guys already saw but it's not done
because this is your yesterday I want to
finish it before tomorrow's vlog which
is tonight so you a new comment of the
day honey emmalin 16 she said are you
ever gonna put symphony and some kind of
sport or activity like gymnastics or
t-ball or soccer and that totally
reminds me that today is Friday and I
think she was supposed to have her first
piano lesson today and I forgot alright
guys don't forget we love you and
remember love each other
we're in this together
