this package goes with me raver on it
from Amazon Amazon sent you something
Twitter oh my gosh that's so thoughtful
it's this apron and spatula
what's your me Rosen style that's so
cute we do bakery is a baby book
oh yeah that's professors in the rush to
jerk off this is Juliette's baby book
I have be neighbors anymore I don't know
if you I don't know what and the world
is that that's for you Bobby you got
your own bakery now can you fix it
there's something about packages that
starts the day off perfectly am i right
Hey oh all right man what are the red
Pargo I had to fold it and tuck it okay
that's cool dude look at you you
would've make us something are you gonna
do me what can you beg me that was so
sucky bake me a blueberry pie oh okay
well anyway I don't know who these gifts
came from but thank you so much that was
very thoughtful you've obviously been
paying attention to what our kids love
to do right now and what we've been
doing around the house so back to what I
got which was the baby book I have been
waiting for this to come in so I could
show you guys I have a room and
symphonies baby books right here too and
I wanted to show them to you guys
they're all the same I get the same
brand and I just because I love it it
goes up to five years Symphony this was
your baby book oh my Symphony look at
that one
Oh Symphony honey that fake laugh has
got to go there's that one
it has your doctor's name all your stuff
and there's a picture of you and mommy's
tummy
that's huge or is that basketball no
that's my real tummy
this is symphony sonogram pictures hey
mommy first felt me move late one night
in bed mommy had many favorite foods
that she enjoyed cold food tomatoes
pickle salad hams peach ice cream and
ice while I was growing mommy gained 44
pounds and daddy gained 10 pounds too
come on here's pictures from your baby
shower this was your invitation these
are my best friends and they threw the
baby shower for me and you
there's your crib see you look a lot
like baby Julia don't you don't you and
academic Julia up there
yes you do amazing I know Stephanie your
fingers look just like Juliette's
fingers oh my gosh and look how loose
yours car seat was I believe daddy let
that happen
this is one-month-old symphony her very
first photo shoot with her photographer
daddy
there's three-month-old symphony mami
and I took our first real nap together
where we both actually fell asleep we
were looking into each other's eyes and
snuggled for two hours there's five
month-old symphony six-month-old
symphony I loved this picture I went
crazy when I put this outfit on her with
that bow it was like the first time I
could fit a bow in her hair
this is Symphony seventh month picture
we had to get her eyes checked up
because one of them was crossing a
little bit and so she had to have little
glasses after she had them I think she
her eyes dilated I always sing really
loud at church eight months old I
started waving bye-bye
it says my first friend right there wait
like friends coffee can't tell which
one's kept and which one's you some of
my favorite snacks are puffs animal
crackers ravioli yogurt life cereal
chicken sticks first day of school I'll
have to fill that out it's time it may
not mean too much to her right now
but I have my baby but from when I was
little that my birth mom filled the
information out on which some of you
have heard me talk about before but I've
lost her at the age of three and so Bebo
my grandmother writes to me but I
cherish that baby book that my mom's
handwriting is in and I think even if
she were here today I would still
cherish it Bebo my grandma she made a
book for me too and I just I just
cherished those so much it's just
another tangible way for us to show our
kids that they're very important so this
is a not one I can tell by the way
juliette finally woke up for a minute we
walked outside and she's kind of falling
back asleep but I want to go for a
little family walk want the shop in
front of his mommy go go fast leave this
guy man I'm so proud of him how are you
guys so I've been working tirelessly on
our new intro tirelessly I've been very
affectionate with it so this morning
guys I wanted to tell you a little bit
more about what I did with Heath this
morning we discussed the importance of
having the discipleship that we have and
how far we've grown or at least how far
how much I've grown since we started
when you get in a community with someone
and a regular discipleship regularly
meeting with the same person and really
getting to know somebody and being a
part of their life you can only hide
things about yourself for so long and
truths and the brokenness that's deep
down in you starts to come out the
book-reading to give the analogy of just
peeling layers off and as you peel the
layers you get down to the core to the
real person that God created us to be
and I feel like huge layers have been
pulled off me
God has completely delivered me from so
many things since this discipleship and
I want to encourage you guys to find
somebody in your life that you can do
this with because I just cannot stress
the value of having this kind of
relationship in your life I can't
believe I want so many years without it
those are awesome Stephanie how fast can
you run in those oh I'll show you back
to the house show me right now
whoa
RFM basic water off to dinner you guys
want to go with us where you guys on
anytime me touch your food be funky
always around here Janette what would
you like sweetie okay
what did you hear Juliet woman yeah what
did you leave whenever they split me
thank yous with me I know what he wants
I know what you like
where's your face we asked to sit on my
request will sit furthest away from the
other patrons possible and they say weak
sit you on the other side oh no buddy
that was like perfect
there's just something about I hope that
makes our kids just really hyper
eyesight looks like hyper excited about
it
I hope my playground like we can play on
pancakes drama sausages and bacon ah no
no you clump of sausage and slide down
the bacon you need to go potty who said
it again we got number one or number two
no like you know that is know if anyone
can you
I don't know mommy
all right show me I'll follow you
it is literally just our family in this
restaurant how cool is that
why are we the only people in the whole
Metroplex that wants I hope right now
there's something going on something
must be going on that weather coming
into the world I don't know something's
here the big picture the big I'm not you
guys are awesome
thank you is this the pineapple yes mam
yummy you got pineapple too what'd you
get I got the banana nut bread or
something well macadamia nut Thank You
oke sister you actually cooking or so
yeah so you're a waitress and a host
well I'm a manager I'm the manager I'm
just I was just saying like we're out of
gas baleia kill I'm reduced to we those
lesser pinky I was just talking about I
like to eat together for breakfast you
know I am your huge breakfast pancakes
for different you next time we can see
if they have waffles for you okay
oh praise got him at home everybody how
do you get these kids are dead 10
o'clock
oh we know you're gonna do your
footprints and put it on your book a
parody okay now I fear bug-brain oh
thanks for coming along with us today
don't forget we love you and remember
we're in this together
