come on boys don't do you know you're
holding I'm gonna go there just bought a
new camera because together
peachie OHS okay okay let's do this
paint guys welcome to Broken Bow it's
raining today it's actually hoja town I
know I keep saying broken bone cuts it
down welcome to hoedown
every was hanging out in trailer I am
starting a new product today and I will
introduce you to that here in a minute
now I'm looking for some steaks to mark
that project you know what I mean you
know I'm making steaks out of that okay
but before I start walking my new
project I need to reinforce the posts
that I created for my new outside wall
on the front of the house so I'm gonna
do that with these boards I saved from
the inside hit set them right here so
I'm not going to do exits but I'm going
to do diagonals on the backside of these
and I've lost support it's gonna be a
huge wall right here and so I'll just
want to make sure it's good and strong
so I guess I'm gonna go ahead and make
some steaks out of those one buys that
didn't fit here and I'll figure out that
later
oh this sweet big sister putting shoes
on her baby Blaine we are headed out to
run some errands this morning it's kind
of cold outside and I'm kind of just
looking out the window like do I really
have to go
but I scheduled a grocery pickup for
today so like I truly do have to go oh
my gosh and it's raining oh of course
it's raining
thank you
honest ed Joe's not here with me today I
like working with Joe he's really fun
guy smart and believe it or not he's
actually a pastor in Africa it was
really cool extremely knowledgeable the
Bible he's bragging a lot about it I
said sweet man you're up to teach me
some stuff that's just it's really cool
to be working with another believer
Steaks what am i building what are you
buildings I'm building a deck guys so
this was the previous deck this deck is
going to be part of the house so I got
to make a deck around it's gonna be six
feet from this wall another reason why I
decided to build a deck first is because
it's less important than in addition to
the house and I'm not sure how to build
yet and so I'm gonna learn how to build
in addition to this deck so I thought it
would be wise to do the less important
stuff first as I'm learning to build
before I move on to the big stuff like
tear down walls I'm rebuilding walls I'm
building foundations for additions and
stuff like that so that's why I chose to
do the deck first
I'm gonna give myself a hand right now
guys I'm just so proud check this out
so this is where the end of the porch is
going to be the deck I think I'm going
to call it day head back home soon I
told the Abram I'd take him to the
museum on the way home if it's open so
I'm gonna do that
yeah I'll clean up and get out of here
now guys nap time got cut short today
and that is always a very very
frustrating feeling for me but my sweet
little helper Symphony she's getting a
little movie time because my babysit
Java she did I was doing some work in
our bedroom like some legit work usually
I would take care of I had to do it
because he's gone it was not going
according to plan
Juliet woke up early and so Symphony was
out here with her I let her have a movie
I let them have snacks and it went so
well there was no screaming there are no
up roars in here for 20 minutes I've got
to completely finish my work in silent
and now I'm done and we are gonna go on
a play date here in a minute we're
heading out to our play date symphonies
taking a couple of our board games we
have googly eyes and what's the other
one
Grady Grady those sound fun you think
Tyra isn't Ellie are gonna want to play
those with these oh we're not gonna take
a slime game to miss Andrea's house no
cuz it's in bags cuz oh yeah it doesn't
fall out on you does it okay we can take
it then there you go are you ready to go
bye-bye okay let's go don't take a car
sugar I don't know if this cup is
pulling me over or this other guy Oh
that was close who got my heart going
there's a cop behind this what his
lights on wasn't me Val shoot I just
paid off a ticket in this area I'm doing
the birds unification that's how you say
it where I can't get a ticket for the
next six months so just on my record
anyone cliff on the museum Abram and I
are just gonna head home what means you
next time okay buddy he's making a mess
back there Harry take it off right you
already making a mess and it just got
here Ellie just got these and they're
glowing too dark you and put down one by
the light guys try not to get blind by
getting this here I'll just shine in
that me not the light okay let's try it
out now it does it's dark in here
Titus come on closer close the door you
guys do you see it guys
hi logo she's pretty oh my goodness -
the kids name um - you're giving eggs
Symphony and elf went outside to get all
the eggs and it sounds like symphony
dropped the basket Oh what happened did
you drop the basket yeah and one was so
cracked that we had to take it out no
man your first time getting eggs I'm
sorry it ain't good well it was my first
time anyway maybe you'll do better next
time first time isn't always perfect
all right buddy you ready to see the
girls you gonna be a gentleman when you
see the ladies our new guests what do
you mean we have new guests girls are
our new guests what's everybody running
for Oh daddy's home don't get him too
daddy
she truly just cannot died enough of
daddy got a really exciting package
today I don't even think Sam's noticed
it we got our let the Sun Shine
fundraiser t let the Sun rise from Sarah
and Dan you guys remember that they
moved to Michigan to help minister and
sing with you today we're gonna all as a
family tomorrow wearing our shirts we
all got mine and I have all of our
shirts laid out on our clean kitchen
area because we didn't eat dinner
together in the night we all need a
McDonald's but separately oh the kids
are so cute having the conversations in
the bathroom I'll show on but just
listen they're really cute in a hot tub
are you like in the new camera guys I
just bought a new camera because I
wasn't liking the footage on the old
Sony camera I'll show you the one we
were using it just looks so dull at
nighttime I just couldn't stand it it
was this little guy it's actually not
little compared to the camera used
before this one but now we got like a
professional camera here I'm excited to
get started on it anyway guys it feels
really great to be home hi honey
hey guys this third contrast between the
dirt and the grime and the sweat and of
blood and the dust in Oklahoma coming
home to this place it's just so it's
just so exciting
I love the routine we have going on
really saying you don't miss me no I
mean I miss you but we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget oh my gosh Kaufman
County that's us tornado warning guys
check its next door you can check this
out you know what a person okay you guys
aren't gonna believe me make this up
dizzy that's a great spot to hide
sweetie first shot with the new vlogger
news braces
