oh good morning guys we're about to go
to Dallas to go to an event special Oh
buddy we good yeah going daschle Gandhi
see you're right we're not going to
dinosaur we're going to Dallas and then
we're going to GC we're also going to GC
tonight we're at clad Warren Park in
Dallas today they're doing an imaginary
and playground here and there's water
fun all kinds of stuff it's not very
sunny and it's not super hot so that's
good
but we brought the whole crew how many
kids six kids between us and we are
going to have a fun day at the park so
let's go see my kids are already started
over here you really got this super dad
thing down
Sam had walk up tough Symphony Juliet
and a bro and he brought them all over
here while me and Sammy walked with the
stroller in the bag the hood at one
point it looks like he left the six year
olds up to themselves
we saw cup and symphony running across
the street yeah
oh my goodness you guys there's so much
to play with you don't even have to play
with the same stuff
this is awesome huh baby Oh
boom bird Symphony look at this creation
over here that's cool
what are you gonna build I'm just
kidding let's see what Juliet's doing
your first adventure at the park she
fell asleep she was awake before the
walk over here I know she's gonna be
hungry there's the other sleeping boy
these tiny little sleepy heads I think
we're gonna be getting some shots for
the new intro here which you know we're
totally going for a casual look in our
intro this time normally we're kind of
like I don't know if dressed up is the
right word but I feel like my hair is
usually a bit so we're officially on a
more personal basis than we were with
our last intro but me and you guys we
are officially closer friends than we
once were
I no longer feel like I have to do my
hair for you guys like sometimes I could
just let it be like this because accept
me for the way that I am so thank you
what are you guys building oh they're
using this lock sorry okay they're
trying to go to four bye baby
oh my gosh that little back they kind of
match them so cute today we love the
park here it's so exciting and of course
he wanted to go play in the water and he
is not in the water I'm sure daddy's
real real excited about that Avery I'm
kind of difficult this morning Hey
I'm so emotional I love our life
sometimes sometimes like when everybody
yes and Charlie did just honk at you hey
forget your pitch it's ice cream time at
5:00 Warren Park we came out here mainly
to playing these imagination playground
it's really funny I was researching this
playground for our backyard I was going
to get some the blocks with the kids and
at the same time I was also researching
events in Dallas so I could do this and
while I was researching the playground
McNamara's playground just came up with
really crazy how it worked out and so
that's why we're here and we're just I'm
pretty much done shooting the intro
mountainy just has to shoot me but
she'll probably do that after the ice
cream cup you still mad at me for not
getting your cone but are you still mad
at me you have a pink mustache ambi er
you have a pink ot Ashley
uncle Matthew made it he's watching the
baby for us neon will play the water
this is Matthew's here to watch the baby
you want to you want me to go play with
you yeah no thanks for considering it
though
hey Don that that you're coming out dude
how many miles away where you not one
one mile really a tech team is like
maybe should come out say hi to us you
learned I showed up less than five
minutes from someone well you guys
remember them they read our meetup at
the Galleria like a year ago and this
mom is out here with her nine kids
she's braving it just ten though yeah
she has ten look at this gorgeous family
we love the rollin hey guys he's a real
local fan basic along yeah I look up to
this lady a lot she doesn't probably
know it but I'm always following
whatever you post like I need to learn
your her so many mama
oh thank youumm y'all boyo
and my heart goes out to Abram for
having two sisters Daniel the little boy
the family has nine sisters I can't even
imagine he must have a lot of one-on-one
time instead he would have to
amantha GC do they the first time to be
in our that's Isaac that's here hi Isaac
Haven Abram loves you as like he always
looks forward to seeing you every time
we come here is like and Isaac will be
there yes here's a little buddy we're
playing some manly basketball out here
is that was called by basketball Monty I
love you so much much bocce balls like
you Lisbon you're saying basketball so
you can go to neuro you had to get your
color ball closest to the white balls
you can yellow sand the shoot got it
right friend of yours no no pretty much
right dude you can't like real crescent
moon oh that's it that's where winner
wow there's two people to go oh I was
just going still it's still win the bag
away pass way past
oh ish maybe Oh granny you got this
Oh a little to the left ah I did barely
knew this round give me that camera as I
got it we got the point three that's
three for yellow and so we won
Bokke papa
whoa what's going really well in our
marriages balancing our responsibility
as parents with the three kids there's a
point where I didn't accept my role as a
father and I wasn't 100% in it and when
I was I guess when it's time to do my
part it was like not 100% but now we're
at a point where I think we both have
just it's almost like 50/50 I think
that's working really well for us what
do you think I really know I agree for
me I feel like we're still like kind of
learning how to like you like argue and
how to have conflict among ourselves and
almost like still like we're newlyweds
and we're like we're learning to accept
each other's flaws and welcome back to
our humble abode fam basic we had a
really good night at GC we talked or the
couples of the group we all got together
the kids went outside some to watch the
kids and we all just discussed things
that we can improve in our marriage and
the strengths of our marriage or things
that we are excited about her marriage
something we learned and something we've
learned it was really cool going around
to hear how God has been blessing each
individual marriage so that was what you
guys just saw a little clip of what we
had to say alright guys don't forget we
love you remember to love each other yep
we're in this together
