tummy hurts yeah that means you have to
go poopoo okay
morning guys pop-tarts don't do it Sam
don't eat the pop-tarts till the filling
is better to start my day off with
nothing than eat pop-tarts so in Stanley
this massive carrot I don't eat cereal
anymore I try not to eat anything sweet
in the morning trying to get out of that
my friend I need something sweet to
start my day off we got that backwards
people think you got to eat your veggies
at dinnertime set a breakfast at least I
have all my life well this morning me
and I are off to go to a doctor's
appointment for her and we'll shut dark
we're at my one week post-op visit I'm
nervous were you nervous you wanted to
learn my decisions at
oh my gosh what is it
I was 117 when I found out I was
pregnant so almost back there on the
syllabus wow that's crazy
hey I'm it that way what was a little
181 last I was 170 we were 40 minutes
late I thought we were 10 minutes late
40 how did she wake yeah really
half jumpin Jack sent me a suggestion
Kenan I got work on my form I know so
frustrating guys get a good night's
sleep
maybe I'm slipping too much that night I
think so I class sleep six hours pretty
energized I thought all this time you'd
write demanded that you need at least
eight to ten hours of sleep at night I
know but now they demand I feel that way
when it the less sleep I get sometimes
you get like the supernatural energy
supernatural energy like you can lift at
a car no like you're wetting me actually
so how'd it go honey I'm good it's
pretty painful in the last couple of
stitches that she took off
besides the right side of my
incision has been I don't know just
really tender that's funny when her
doctor came in she was like you're not
filling me are you you better not be
filming me after he posted the birth
flogged me got a call from a doctor and
she was telling me that she doesn't
she's going to have to ask her to take
it down because somebody had told her
that the whole c-section was on the
Internet and this happened like right
away right yeah this is like very next
day they had me a sign a paper that she
wouldn't do any video during the
procedure I didn't sign it though I made
sure I didn't sign anything cuz that I
wanted that on video xx that they would
have me sign that anyways I worked out
under like I'm like dad yeah you know we
didn't do anything wrong it's not like
we broke a rule that jeopardize
anybody's identity or well-being or
anything like that we just filmed the
birth of our baby and sometimes rules
are meant to be broken so she wouldn't
watch the video texted me back said oh
you guys did a beautiful job meaning she
was fine by being up on the Internet
so yeah but she doesn't want to be on
the internet anymore she made that clear
today Sam's gonna wear the baby for the
first time ever I don't think he's
you've really everyone our babies huh
never monterosso get in there oh my gosh
then we get you daddy
it's adorable she's like a kangaroo oh
yes you like your Joey a little Joey see
how long this lasts I was pretty tight
okay it's supposed to be tight
right humping her head oh it's okay you
can put this over her head too let's get
walking
little teeny baby I like to be pregnant
I select my target I love it because I
can tell you how cute this really I can
barely stand it
this is like the best thing I've
experienced with any money where are you
gonna get serious I'm gonna get fever
sleep very little water right nobody
really
you're so silly this is not even in yeah
that's what it's like she's not even in
your tummy for you to wow your pregnancy
though he's kind of kicking like this is
where I imagined it feeling okay did all
of you women just hear that nasty pyro I
feel damn sorry no I swear Sam has like
dementia right now maybe even like
stopped and was like get me one of those
pizzas
he's like living like a pregnant person
right now I'm losing focus
that's so cute it is really cute
super news look guys she's nursing now
how'd you meet it starting to get fancy
she's getting hungry
we're about the lead almost through your
core coming up
look she's coming on to me okay
very baby
you go and pop are here when they have
their doctor's appointments on mondays -
so Juliet's getting our grandma living
in today and Symphony is performing an
appeal all blocks are we gonna have to
whine and yet baby you said yours
oh and she's yours yeah it's a little
too - OH
Thank You Abby better son oh my goodness
ELISA knew exactly what you love what do
you say so much oh I especially love
what you sent them all right there you
go
new bike they can't go to candido again
oh we will go to Candido again - ha ha
ha he's talking about the convenience
store ticket kissed you when I had my
bike he just asked me to get a new bike
the gym stop teasing please kids I can
go way faster than I even though we know
you can
oh well off you weren't okay oh well ah
Oh dry them up oh it's okay if it can be
wet cuz we're gonna go through puddles
anyway my photo look how fast is going I
gotta get him helmet go through the
stream you get away for the car this
driveway pressure spring job has taken
me entirely too long I'm going to finish
up today so I can get this thing out of
our front yard like move on to the next
job to make the front of our house look
nice
I took the shutters off and never
replace them so that's my next cosmetic
job for our house
baby Julia is having all kinds of tummy
problems so we came inside I'm gonna
pump her little bitty legs pumping eggs
and make you tell me filled up today
sometimes a little back massage can help
get their gas out to the bubbles all
around so what did that do you move the
little gas bubble to me Oh better oMG
guys I was just telling since a new good
night and I was trying to explain to her
that I'm not her real daddy that real
fathers in heaven that I'm just her
father here on earth until she gets to
meet her real father and she was like
yeah I have one daddy in heaven and one
daddy here but you're my favorite daddy
give me a big hug of subkick she comes
she was getting jesus's her have my
father yeah she was she kind of got it I
guess the comment of the day goes to
Taylor Lily you know I think she's
already got at once but she comments a
lot so she deserves it she does she's
been watching for a long time to true OD
han basic big shout-out to Taylor Lily
for watching her comment was still not
done with the intro as you can see I'm
not very patient no I'm still not done
in fact I got to reshoot it and I'm
gonna do that a couple days what is
today yeah it is today's the 13th so
interesting tomorrow when we shoot it
we're going to little event in Dallas
and I wanted to reshoot it there anyway
guys I'll see you tomorrow don't forget
we love your we love you and remember to
love each other I can't wait to wear her
again I've been like craving it all day
long like her it gets me was just it was
just like a bonding thing that was my
child I've never experienced before
there's really cool thing to express
cute she wants it to you here
we're in this together
