yes sir
hmm since you guys are matching I'll do
it riff mommy I guess no you got this
well can you help me just a tiny bit and
then I'll do the rest
I just want you to UM slip it on her
good job simply so Joey don't fit I'll
set her up and you zip it okay can you
know careful okay don't pull your hair
at her eye drop on your hair hold it she
keeps pulling it it's so sad they even
have perfectly matching bows for me
Rachel
what all you girls you look so so
precious
I need my boner take a picture of it
guys we did it
it is literally exactly time to leave
one minute past and we are out the door
with three kids on the way to church for
the first time I'm so excited and I
clearly put on a little too much bronzer
are you guys excited to go to church we
haven't been in a little while it feels
like so many of us have been to church
for years 10 12 20 years 30 years but
it's kind of happened here is we just
kind of stayed in this mode of Perpetual
learning and trying to know God feeling
like we're never good enough to
participate in my destitute we are not
sick spectators of the church we were
saved to know God to participate
making yourself
our first time with three kids at Hertz
we were on time the baby did stay awake
throughout the entire service but she
wasn't super fussy she dressed a little
bit I took her to the nursery we nursed
and so it was a really sweet time though
it went really good and I feel like okay
we can do this
the Rader family party vibe is going
smooth sailing so far being the change
you want to see in the world I see you
really good sermon I really spoke
straight to my heart
this is instructions to the pergola not
gondola couple guys pointed out that I
said gondol instead of pergola I was
like oh my gosh everybody's gonna find
out that I'm actually really dumb you
guys probably didn't know that but there
it is with a cooler to have backyard
gondola wow he is getting ready for some
guests to come over I feel funny people
come over feeding us dinner because we
don't like I don't know we don't need it
obviously there's other people who need
it much money we do but it's just you
don't want to raw people with that
blessing you know I would hate it if
somebody said no we don't want to accept
any dinner from anybody cuz we don't
need it there's other people who need it
more than we do
so don't even bother taking the time to
try to bless us you know what I mean you
don't want to raw people of blessing
others and that's what we would be doing
if we were refusing food I mean we're
happily accepting it don't get me wrong
but you guys you guys hear what I'm
saying
well I bought this as the display model
at Home Depot and several of the screws
are missing so I can't put up the canopy
I got to go back to Home Depot get some
screws I'm supposed to call mistakes too
it looks like it's about to rain so we
have to take shelter
you guys ready take shelter over there
huh forever we got a card Brown going on
in here
Oh take over oh that's all you do she
has officially cloned you as her mother
oh no I gotta scrub this right I mean
yeah she just like shot that out yes
oh my mom she just like shot it out like
squirting mustard nigga her she
just out to she's like oh that's nothing
I'll see I'm so cute he's this plate
with wrong guys oh oh no oh no she got
her little binky minister's binky bumper
oh my gosh you're 17 no no don't shut
the door you get to get away with the
first coat round but the second one okay
no we're not gonna do this again okay
what a princess princesses don't do cold
rounds yes I do dad yes I do
oh no she's so hot discuss that the
little helpless baby yeah she doesn't
know what to do let's go out there whoa
this is real bad oh man let me put your
spray right underneath that waterfall
this is real nice guys we needed this
we needed it guys you okay buddy
hug your sissy
it's just right we need rain that's how
the grass and the trees grow guys oh
that's really sweet sweetie
oh she's time up miss Jen she's on her
way here bring some food in this purple
weather because we chose this new burger
amen sweetie thank you for that what is
Edmund superman's Lincoln you guys left
it out there
no he forgot right there and I got that
form today so how do you guys a piece
kids when it comes to thunder what do
you tell them it is God moving on
furniture because that's just a blatant
lie it's not scary it's just loud
mommy's right here and I'm fine and
you're fine
we're safe you wanna go outside mm-hmm
that's where it's good yeah oh man we
got a limb down
what's Oreo doing she's so cute she
wants to stay with me no matter where I
go she's terrified of this kind of
weather look at this guy's what day this
is crazy
holy smokes so much rain wow this is
crazy
where's the real going look at this
madness
come here Oreo you're gonna get washed
away come here come here you swim across
the river
this is nuts nuts I tell ya look at
like Oreo loves it to come across come
to the other side come on no it's not a
little bit nervous isn't it crazy a
paper piece of paper and a hot surface
that's hotbox guys you guys there we're
here the electricity went out
everybody's in bed with no lights can
you believe that we have to go to sleep
without the lights you know how we're
gonna do it we were like keeping the
kids away I was like wait a minute they
could've been in the dark in the bed
well you really think much yeah so
phonics on a tickle you stopped it good
you just had surgery
no not gonna touch you there and touch
you here are you here baby
oh you're eating my arm but I'll see you
guys tomorrow don't forget we love you
remember to love each other everyone
everyone love everyone why'd you say
that because that was like a hate crime
in Orlando oh yeah
we're in this together
