paperwork's his cereal here he can eat
the rest of yours you had even on the
bottom honey badgers you ready for your
bath today I think that is a yes
dude it is yes hey guys exciting times
today new intro new channel art I'm sure
you guys saw the new intro hopefully you
saw the new intro if not it's not done
yet but we've had the same art up there
for the past two years longer than two
years I think but anyway I'm going to be
shooting it with my brand new Canon EOS
Rebel t6i DSLR look at this thing
I'm amazed by this camera look how light
it is I'm so surprised how light it is I
started out photography with the Canon
Rebel and it's just so incredible how
far it's come I cannot believe you can
shoot video on these things now full HD
in 60 frames a second excited to see the
picture looks like I'm about to switch
right mm-hmm
look at that picture I'm amazed by this
camera there he is perfect play though
but it can't put some gel in your hair
just a little bit I got to film the
intro I want your hair to look cool
alright so I'm done shooting everybody
I just finished Juliette I did her last
fall over dead music okay my sister's
here as you can see now I'm going to do
our new channel our and the benefit of
this room being green is that it can
serve as a green screen so I can easily
cut us out I want to stick to the same
thing that we're going with that we have
now of our heads kind of separated but
I'm not sure what I want to do with our
head yet I've got to figure that part
out got my studio all set up in here as
you can see this is my main flash this
is my practice subject so I can practice
before the kids get in here I love hair
lights so I got a hair light up here and
I'm using a reflector for my fill-in
flash and here is my EOS Rebel T 6 i
DSLR
flash control external flash function
because I'm using external flashes I can
set both of my flashes right here from
the screen which is incredibly just
click on the flash I want to turn my
hair light all the way down and this
light I'm going to estimate at about 1/8
will do 1/8 power I'm using this 1855
lens that comes with this rebel let's
see how the light looks on this bear
looks good I like the photos to be nice
and bright so they pop and I like that
flash in the background so it pops off
river backgrounds after I cut them out
everybody let me photograph you come in
my studio man right there you see the
camera right there yeah I want to take a
couple pictures of that mob okay mm-hmm
yeah that's your mug sit up and smile
real big in the lens got my next subject
here I'm up shot oh that's a precious
look at that Marty what a beautiful girl
that's key I like that that's good I'm
giving to others yeah now it's my turn I
just did Symphony India now I got to put
myself in the shot and how in the world
am I going to do this remote shooting
that's how so simple you just connect a
straight to your phone focus it on me
it's kind of dark but that's me just now
that's awesome
let me take some real pictures
all right now them to a family shop to
do the insulate mean et you we got here
let's do one more and that's a wrap
this cos rebel t6i performed super burly
guys the pictures we got on a side are
incredible and I'm so honored to say
that this video was actually sponsored
by Cannon and just for you guys the fan
basic you get over 40% off this canon
camera bundle here we have this nice
case the camera body this battery grip
here this is a battery grip make sure
cam look very professional help you take
pictures and the portrait orientation
much easier and it holds an extra
battery comes with two genuine canon
batteries this lens this is the 18 to 55
that's what i've been shooting with
comes with this huge telephoto lens 75
to 300 super lightweight for what it can
do how far can zoom in comes with this
really fast 16 gigabyte SD card kicker
on getting this kit guys fathers days
coming up and awesome idea for Father's
Day and I hope you guys like how the
channel art turns out
you ready
Oh
Oh
coffee cup of coffee coffee
come on Julie let's go put some lotion
hey all Turner's in there hey get out of
here
time for lotion is it for her
I'm an only got outfit Corinne yeah
we'll see it's a very top shelfs opening
that's the cutter
I'll go get stopped can't do this just
regular yeah and our hair to a little
bit in her hair though not a lot there
we go
gotta get her little feetsies fuck you
that one's a little big everything from
right here here and over
yeah that one's perfect this time he
it's date night
this is my first date night outfit of
mommy of three it's time to go while the
kids are in the car and we are we're
only four minutes late I thought we were
very late nothing's gonna be better than
kids night I got there I hope of his
hand we're crossing Street oh look at
Ava what's up bro I miss you buddy
I'm here in a little bit middle ground
with the man's really good are you guys
are doing double date yeah we're not
doing the double date janna so we ate
there we left you there come along okay
oh what a bummer
no we don't want to ruin anybody else's
a date I appreciate that
bye guys bye Abram have fun buddy okay
okay well the kids have their night in
we're having our night out well in there
but we're gonna have some really good
Texas cuisine but we're gonna leave you
guys here in the car because me and
night we need some alone time and that
means no phone no phone again last time
we left our phones in the car and we had
just such a great time so no phone
there's no cameras this time either I
want to take a picture of us with
Juliette in there though in there maybe
we should just take the camera oh man
so many difficult choices to make hello
hello mean Juliette are smuggling no you
need randomly going through I'm gonna do
that one right there
potato bucks at 20 and response to come
no dislikes yet yay and potato bug said
this 20 oh my gosh you got comment of
the day we're pointing out that 20
people dislike your video four hours ago
anyway guys we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget as always we love you and
remember to Wobby
but in this together
