good morning cream right back today I'm
going to be cases but I work good and I
was gonna ask you do you need to bring
that no that was cuff mine is in size
you want to bring that one though yeah
just in case you need one not mine
morning guys
bringing Symphony TBS Brian early such a
beautiful day a perfect day to finish
the samba sweetie lovers
I went to Home Depot got all my wood
stacked and then find out I forgot my
wallet
morning little man
yeah well fellas - yes Janos well Paris
there it is still sitting there hey you
guys how's it going today it is nap time
at the Raider house and I'm excited to
be sharing who we're partnering with
today it's called Mon baby
and this little wearable breathing
monitor and roll over monitor in the
size of a quarter really cool the
monitor is Wireless and it uses
Bluetooth Low Energy to send signal from
the device to your cell phone and it
fits on the baby's clothing anywhere on
their clothing it's a one size fits all
so baby never outgrow zit and basically
it just monitors baby's breathing it
detects movement it can detect Falls and
it sends alerts to your phone from the
device if anything goes wrong like if
breathing is not detected for 15 seconds
or more it will send you an alert if the
baby flips over on its tummy you get an
alert and the cool thing is you can go
into the app and you can select what you
want to be alerted for depending on the
development of your baby it is
recommended that babies sleep on their
back to help prevent SIDS and so this is
just a really cool device to help give
parents peace of mind while they're
sleeping or if you're distracted cooking
in the kitchen or doing something with
your older kids and you can't have your
eyes on your baby at all time you guys
can get 20% off at checkout if you get
your own Mon baby all you have to do is
enter the code salmon Nia and there will
be a link in the description below but
yeah I hope you guys like it and find it
just as useful as we have okay yeah took
my ears
thank you my friend Nicole came over
with dinner you guys met her at hams
peach orchard last week and she is so
sweet look at her she's about to vacuum
and she did our dishes that's what
friends that is real love
love you you're so sweet she brought us
some spaghetti yummy oh my goodness that
was delicious
I don't like building ones I haven't it
was so good thank you
what's so sweet and her little girl was
in here she's Symphony's age she's just
holding Julia we've been talking it up
in here
her name is Juliet that's like a sailor
now she's sooo funny yeah yeah your
girlfriend yeah man should we open it
got another package
looks like a GoPro box but I don't know
well something's wrong over there trying
to figure something out why they forget
that out woman park hi everyone has a
star wars kite sitting has a butterfly
kite and I just bought me a shuttlecock
yes sir yeah what is that a broom
it's a shuttle way that a space shuttle
what's his face well it's kind of like a
jet that goes to space like astronauts
going ah a rocket a rocket yeah look
buddy it's flying perfect day for a kite
look at that this is an easy cat to get
up like that long tail come on buddy
come fly it hold it tight daddy if it
was really really windy it would go way
up yeah
all right there's no wing we failed we
tried and we failed here comes a car all
right here we go here goes here goes oh
it's gone see it Abram that's a bench
are you making it at nap time you were
watching me were you proud of your daddy
were you happy yeah I ran out of wood I
know what something what I need
do you guys like it
tickets really cool what did you say
hey so I'm pretty good pretty good
there's guys this is how I did it I'm
obviously not finished with it but
you're not really sturdy think this
thing can even shake it looks kind of
funny in certain places but it works you
know I'm gonna cover up the ends because
I think they look funny my robe here
mommy's coming
she is Nan's coming back tomorrow yeah
I'm excited for that she has been such a
huge help like just I can't even
describe I thought I was done with it
but I think I'm gonna make some kind of
toy on there for them to play on
something you know something put sand in
because they obviously want to do
something else with the sand they keep
wanting and throw it out and now they're
stacking up on the bench what are some
ideas guys any ideas you having ideas
for me to add to the sandbox daddy went
to go get stuff to finish our sandbox
binge you mean is princess or just
hanging out hey hi Juliet ah hey guys
this is what it looks like from my angle
she's so we just want to show her to you
guys all the time oh the sand bench is
almost done it is so cool we don't have
patio furniture out here and so it's
been hard for me to come out here with
the kids and play but now there's a
little bench for me to sit on so cool I
love it they'd say get it again Annie
good oh whoops I don't know is recording
Avram Symphony is gonna put you to bed
tonight okay trying to be a big sister
come on sweetie get him in the bed this
has got to get him in the bed every
pretend I mommy yeah come on pick up
your brother
there you go sissy all right good guys
this has become my favorite part of the
night it's the time where all the kids
are in bed the house is really quiet and
I go into Juliet's nursery it's really
dark in there the sun's not shining
through the windows got her little lamp
on and we nurse for the last time
tonight well I mean she'll nurse with
you took 54 times but we'll do that in
here in the middle of the night and I'm
half asleep in I just love it it's
become one of my favorite times of the
day you ready do it
doesn't this look so peaceful you guys I
love this time of the day so I thought I
would just bring you guys along and do
comment of the day with you guys
Lily Osmond and she said Nia if you sell
your wreaths on Ed see what is your
username I'm considering ordering one
for the 4th of July
my name is Reese bye Nia for maternity
leave I closed down my store for three
weeks before I had the baby and I closed
out all of my orders and I pre-made some
of my best sellers and those are ready
and already made here in my house right
now ready to be shipped out as always
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other and good night from
little Juliet
