today is Juliet's one-week birthday look
into this what anyone of English yeah so
cute they're so tiny so tiny fingers oh
she's doing so good laying with him hey
quick piece you know how to do so
good morning the big kids are at VBS
again Sandi's over Nana's over we're
just hanging out see what we want to
wear today so ready for her one-week
birthday to begin I gotta find a
headband that matched perfectly so this
seemed to match to this really guys I
present one week old Juliet one wait me
and Sandy are playing photo shoot with
this little beauty she's sweet she's
cuddling her little posse and this
little guy he's three weeks old today
sorry no I don't want to wake you what
uni go poop giddyup
do you know
welcome home symphony how was BBS today
oh you brought your air tank home
symphony did you know that today is her
one-week birthday she's one week old
today what Bible story did you learn
Yankee John 3:16
symphony what's John 3:16 about John
3:16 for God so loved the world that he
whether morning
that is what happy
yeah her birthday fund just keeps on
going and to add to the celebration we
all took a giant family nap all of us
even Sam even symphony and it was really
nice so now the big kids are outside
playing on the playground and I was
trying to see if we had some brownies or
something that we could make together
being the kids for dessert just to kind
of you know keep the birthday
celebration going really really want to
make something out of it she the whole
entire week all today but we don't have
brownies but we have pumpkin cupcake mix
best by February 2017 why not
the thing is though Sam just cleaned the
kitchen so do I want to just make the
cupcakes for everyone or do I want to
let the big kids come and help me okay
guys who wants to do bakery Symphony's
gonna wear mommy's apron make your
neighbour move it easy
you need your own with like Captain
America right now give that to me
we're gonna put it over in the sail
cupcakes all right okay Abram you get to
do the water
good job
all right night-night how do you
register your sources you dig hey mom
this is my sign
the thing is guys we don't have any
frosting
so we'll have cupcakes with no frosting
she doesn't wake up everyone what are
you doing standing there watching oh oh
how do you feel about this one week old
baby we've had a fair week we go baby
yeah I haven't seen her wake today oh
yeah all day long
Sam was at a meet at her hotel my see if
she's sleeping so sweet though how do
you feel like it means she really think
that really better she just got a
sleepiness oh geez
I think she's gonna join me look when
happen or if she just poopin oh she's
hungry she woke up no big sissy wants to
hold her oh not again that's the beauty
of complacency if you don't try anything
new you'll never fail I like trying
action movie night for your one week
birthday do topia and now look cakes are
ready that could've been a disaster
oh gosh libelous not to all fall out of
my feet and I just had surgery so I
can't like move real quick like in the
jumping department anyways these non
frosted cupcakes are ready to devour but
first thing I nursed a little bunny
rabbit hey you guys
Julie hats our bunny she's like Juliet
hops play by Judy Hopps this is kind of
like her money
my character charm Judy right we have
new Divya cups does have you have been
watching a while I predicted when I was
pregnant that she would be our chill
baby I know she's only a week old but so
far Sam even used the phrase today she
is so chill really do you think my
prediction was right yeah okay look
daddy whoa thank you buddy did you make
these yeah no is yummy thank you daddy
even on a charge on the chach did Juliet
get one she'll have one in about three
hours through the wrestlers oh I was
like what
so you're hoping plenty I can just eat
them help me eat them if you like it
welcome to the world
we're about to go to sleep Juliette
you're just waking up yeah what up like
this like weird
he's such a sleepy girl such weirdos at
all
she's so see oh it's like dad stop get
to Lu Sam will you get it miss changer -
go get your birthday Danny's on oh oh oh
so cute oh your birthday - oh I guess
daddy can do the diaper part and I'll do
the front part Jimmy she has these that
she has never worn yet but I think
they're a little too big for her by the
way the diaper genies full force oh
she's a good point it's me I told her
not to do it I'm sorry
she took hers band-aid off all right
guys well thanks for joining us today I
know it was kind of a chill relaxed day
we were focused on Juliet's one week
birthday but I'm just so excited that
she can look back on this day someday in
the future so anyways we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
