good morning everyone how's it going
today we have a little family photo
shoot in this room a couple of days ago
so cm stuffs all set up this little
bunny rabbit right here sound asleep and
so sweet right now but she did not let
mommy sleep last night for the first
night it was like the first like woah we
have a newborn night finally I slept
from like 7:00 a.m. to 9:00 a.m. and
that felt really good
just gonna finish her a good nap and
hopefully we're gonna be able to keep
her awake today yeah right now I found a
hair plane Avram and I buried all these
holes over here that we're from the
House dug by Annie as you can see there
but I'll keep spree digging it reading
is that worth we dig I know Rayna isn't
worth what about read it but I'm going
to do is get some grass and just lay it
all out over there so I've been working
real hard guys you know that I made them
a sandbox it's got any a new chair so I
got a little something something for
myself here and sad this here box I
think you guys are gonna be excited for
me
there it is guys beautiful hanok but I
think the space is too small I bought a
couple hammocks for the space and the
hammocks are always too small and now
this hammock is too big maybe I can put
it in this vase that's what we walk this
is the pattern oh man we're a bummer
well put it there actually no I think
that'll work I think the space is
actually perfect
it is cool huh there's no instructions
with this so I came with two chains and
two hooks but I think I need two hooks
for each side right maybe just loop it
around like this or just come with one
hook for this I connect the chain to the
tree I have no idea why but I had a
couple of these hooks in my shed they're
in a bag you know what they went to but
it's gonna work yeah put your life
jacket on okay before you guys get mad
at me for what I'm about to do I just
want you to realize something putting
this hammock up I think is going to
bring our family closer together it's
going to allow me and Nia to be out here
comfortably while our children play and
it's going to be more inviting the
backyard is going to be more inviting to
us and her family as a whole so I think
God would be more than happy to know
that I'm using a piece of his creation
to help make it possible
oh come here you see people didn't take
a nap did you
where's people okay you can't have
people yet she's got the other baby what
do you think of her hmm
she was like a hidden sea it's a good
one
mom how many is this year of
great-grandchildren 11 11 oh my gosh
your number no just ones fixing to be 19
years oh oh gosh 19 years and 19 inches
oh mama hey what's going on here cut a
hole my hose what in the world okay
did you do that did you bite the hose
did you bite a hole in it no you know
that you here's the nice and clean
driveway guys it's how it turned out as
you can see I haven't done that over
there but from here all the way up here
all up there
all right buddy mommy sent me a list of
things we need to pick up push at a
table a TV stand a broom paper towels
dinner stuff milk cereal breastfeeding
snacks everyone what's a breastfeeding
snack I know
No here fruits and veggies coffee cream
outdoor furniture stuff where should we
get buddy
wait let's do this one Stefano is this
so good yeah this isn't gravy oh yeah
here like that you sure like that yeah
people - okay what kind do you want
oh pretty pebbles yeah hey remember find
the brooms man where are the brooms at
can you look around where the brooms at
Buca you liked it out yeah thoughts huh
well I usually hate shopping with a
passion but today I didn't want at the
end cuz this guy he talks about a minute
yeah we'll go back home maybe did some
vinden somewhere but he pointed out
everything in the store just conversed
so much with him that's so fun I love
shopping today I came out here to cut
the vlog today and sat on here and just
like rocked in it as a couple blog is
really nice but these crepe myrtles are
raining down this fluid and literally
you could see when the Sun hits it just
right you can see from the window just
like rain almost come down from the tree
so I did some research on it and they're
actually these bugs called aphids and
they develop or they secrete this sweet
fluid called honeydew that they use as a
some kind of defensive mechanism and
they're very common and crepe myrtles
and we have them bad in these trees you
want some Sandra Oh Kim here we go come
here
Kimmy alright or you doesn't want it you
want it I wanted
and look at what daddy did see from the
Connecticut just an apron watch daddy's
house Anthony what are you doing Nana oh
it's my birthday today
really tomorrow holdy turning ten seven
thirteen thirteen you're a short little
girl and I have to make nine cakes nine
cakes oh there's a cool cakes are you
gonna bury Nana Avram oh no I felt the
tractor hurry
I'm sleeping it hey you're getting under
on the birthday floor hey I made this
birthday for how about some appreciation
Wow
what happened to Abram you're forgetting
yes they have blankets on this leg you
got your legs amputated Oh figures on my
way get some boogers on your legs
well blanket wait oh wait I see some toe
here Oh see some toe toe to toe oh
you're so cute back there
she's like bouncing around I don't wanna
say I wish she'd get oh no my big
your Big Dig yeah why don't you want to
pull the swing set
oh I Nick you my binky we're gonna be
cute about it
it went they on the street you know my
attorney are you gonna do it Lincoln you
know stick it would she ever pieces I
love you like we love you I don't think
I can have her waiver so aren't you back
here we go baby fell takes this you back
what a beautiful night guys to be laying
out here with my wife on the brand-new
ham it's really nice but I need turn the
lights off those bugs are roaming all
around us but we're not going to come in
today today guys
we're just going to chill out here watch
some videos of Abram on the camera that
I took today sandbox and um chitchat and
have a little hammock fun have a little
date all the kids are sleeping
all three of them they're crazy but
we'll see you guys well don't forget as
always remember to love each other
