more guys out to a very early
appointment for Juliet and as always
mommy's late I don't give me it dude the
bright lights he had to wear sunglasses
inside also everyone has a very bright
future so he always keeps us aggressive
yeah the juice off of that I did add
that I didn't mommy just nasty nanny
said hi Julian
we're so beautiful choose to get shots
today
oh you're so sorry daddy
look everything you did your gourds on
dude you're hot stuff huh okay like I
get your meaning you got another one on
the way
no we just had her a few days ago oh
well that's not what we did seven of
them so oh my goodness seven kids she's
just a little baby
oh yeah dance concerns that you were
like this yesterday no see yeah baby
still what a man i wanna i want you yet
you saw daddy she's giving me tours on
socks she already kicked them off okay
oh you didn't have that we played guys
yeah that's your belly button that's the
umbilical cord does your belly button
look like that yeah it's burnt it's you
don't have a booger in your bun
oh you're on the book in Oh JA buddy
sorry world that's okay he's cute
do you hear a heartbeat all right dr.
stern I can have you for half and I'm in
the mission she waits seven times she
came out sometimes I've been getting
enough milk yes not that baby - Belle
we're here to get the recliner somewhere
in here this huge warehouse
it's funny because it's on the pot right
next to us it's here to get a recliner -
so funny I guess people Honda pilots
like recliners Ernest oh she's beautiful
man she's beautiful
where she is am I supposed to get myself
do I get it
connecting I do like it beautiful you
like it oh yeah yeah you know what what
they don't work doesn't work
no what do you mean could you sit on
your sleeve really oh yeah you don't
they don't they don't work for getting a
job done yeah
use it on in two minutes to finish maybe
you just pass out yeah it is broken is
it broken schedule okay I got it man
oh wow you're very strong oh there's no
heavy
thank you noise wait you an orange you
know got to put it together this is
going to be really complicated so many
different parts all right oh yeah oh
it's so cute
oh yeah this is perfect for me okay this
woman's real mom like that yeah so maybe
like turn around like so Sam we're doing
dishes that came maybe a water into the
channel oh yeah you know you're gonna
try to before me oh that's mommy's chair
trying to open it let's open the chair
open it up we opened it they did
remember you weren't with me sit me with
the VBSS this morning for the first time
at one of our neighbors church and our
neighbors actually took her home and she
was really really excited about it
can you sing us a song you land
this was a wee little man was he he
climbed up into a sycamore tree for the
Lord he wanted to sing and he said
Zacchaeus you come down for volunteer
house today from going to house today
Wow good job all the naps are over as
run Kate and cuffs Symphony Oh me brown
I'll skittle and baby to the year thing
Abram is like naturally wanting to play
with cage and those two obviously I want
to play together and the babies are well
snap in and looking around kind of so
sweet
I got all the sand out in the driveway
taken care of then I started to use my
pressure sprayer to get the last little
bits of grains and now I'm getting
carried away by pressure spraying the
entire driveway when you're deep thinker
like I am when you're like a philosopher
type like me doing this kind of thing is
very gratifying to the mind it's very
relaxing and it just gives you a break
from over analyzing things for all I
philosopher buddies out there props to
you if you don't have a pressure sprayer
because life can be hard
yeah it's kind of like mowing but I like
it
well I guess I couldn't cleanly drive
without thinking too hard about it I
want to share it with you guys it keeps
coming my mind as I watch the driveway
it's Isaiah 1:18
come now let us reason together says the
Lord though your sins are like scarlet
they shall be as white as snow though
they are like crimson they shall become
like wool guys don't think there's
something so ugly in your life something
you've done so bad that Christ can't
come in and do this to your life
you
because he has done it for me over and
over again it's looking good back there
isn't it
look at that what a difference man huh
knocks hey buddy
boingy boingy oh wow he's really out hi
Chantelle guys flexural skills
yes we did grilled chicken in this
Salvage bone oh you're a drill master
I'm trying
oh yeah that's awesome this is the
amazing food they brought to us bo is
our pastor and shows his wife how about
I guess they're so awesome bring us food
but was also our YouTube the advisor
marriage counselor and friend YouTube
investor yeah you are man because it's
awesome an advice pieces apron what was
your high moment of the day what was
your baby yes baby at riding on your
Bible on that is so fun wha what the
burgers gonna get him gonna get you he's
gonna get ya stop killer and a Spurs
like stop stop you're fawning over the
baby look at those beautiful eyes man
shows them a little Photoshop works
she's professional cell phone Agra fer
yes I ya know actually took that photo
right there really like this guy just
come play that matter
that's just contemplating his whole life
right there is whole life you guys just
got in the way like it was really a
picture of him no just his face so cute
she's trying to suck her thumb she is
sucking and she is sucking it what
you're just a newborn baby I don't know
how to do that
oh my gosh she's too cute but that's how
you get these Juliet don't do it i slick
my thumb for a very long time cuz my mom
did not stop me from doing it
come on oh I tried you tried by putting
Tabasco sauce on top any my eyes are
just too cute risk attacking Tabasco
sauce his hot sauce not the call of the
day comes from Emma M she said this
video made me cry in the end when Sam
started talking about Abram it makes me
realize how much I really miss out on
with no dad I feel like I saw a lot of
comments saying things like I wish I had
Sam as a dad little things like that
yeah it's not quite a few you guys are
so sweet
and I just wanted to say as you know I
grew up without a dad I had a father
figure but um just guess that he is a
very amazing dad but also just wanted to
say from my personal experience that
about a year ago I came to peace with
the fact that I grew up without a
biological dad and really just have to
find that identity in Christ and come to
look at Jesus as your father and that's
not easy to do when we go to church and
we worship Him and we serve Him and he's
like Lord of our lives and it's kind of
hard to look at him and like the form of
a daddy but that's how he wants us to
look at him you know he wants to take
care of us just like a daddy would a
real daddy and I came to you know peace
with that and really you know learn to
look at Jesus like that in my life so I
just thought I would throw that out
there don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
