good morning fan basic how are you guys
today I've got a big to-do list today
just fan write your ass falling on the
ceiling just like the one in our room
bit and this one here I'm gonna replace
that and then replace that thing and I'm
gonna finish the sand box that you heard
of go home bebo daddy buddy yeah let's
go see Julia first yeah say about a
Juliet come on my mom
chugga-chugga-chugga-chugga
chill dude what's up hi
he has read for lodging treehouse this
thing is awesome and I cannot believe
you got such a great deal heart right
there dude okay okay
I'm about to get to work I'm really
excited to make a little deck around the
sandbox
I'm gonna finish our sandbox that it's
gonna be really cool I think it's gonna
be cool thanks mom my trip I'm doing
right but I'm just telling it to the end
of there and on top of this I'm gonna
put three these so the kids have a
little place to like sand their feet off
put toys adults to stand there and they
could sit on the edge of it and if it's
not sitting grass and stuff like that
this is kind of like a practice round
for me because I eventually want to
build a deck in the back of our house
like right when you walk out the door
like a deck you come up onto it's a huge
job but I'm just kind of I'm thinking
about that as I go along I didn't want
to do that for a very long time
just force a space and then scroll down
and on the backsides over there I think
I'm gonna make it into a bench please
step here sit back there that cool how's
my baby daughter down oh she's a little
bouncer yeah I too yet yes I comes in
one is here right away what a precious
baby girl my goodness have you guys got
a good look at her toes there the
longest toes I've ever seen
lay these things oh my gosh it's got to
be some kind of record what's going on
over here now this one bounces it
doesn't rock you just do this gentle
until I get there you go you can do it
like this why you yet
why'd you yet I was talking to my mom
about how it wastes the ways that I
personally went to avoid postpartum and
I think one thing is in the Perth
depression yeah and one thing for me is
to make sure I'm spending quality time
with the kids but also that they want to
spend quality time with me that they
don't feel like oh we can't be around
mommy right now and earlier I was
holding Julia I've been holding her a
lot and Abram was like mommy I want you
and he reached his arms out for me and I
feel like the last time around I might
have been like I can't right now sweetie
you can't bacilli just got our bouncer
out and I put her in it and he came and
he helped he snuggled around me and
kissed my boo-boo
it was really sweet and he said mommy I
miss you and he oh my gosh and he's so
cute you keep saying your tummy small
it's so cute and money
tell me small it's whatever you say he
notices what happened you to big bowl
annoyance on me what happened to my big
tummy the next thing I want to do with
the sandbox is router the edges of it
because it has really sharp angles all
around it and Abram is already I think
fell backwards we're trying to get up or
something and he hit his arm on the edge
of it are we hurt himself
okay there's the Wow cut it off alright
okay and then water Symphony was
explaining that Mel box to me the other
day on the way to school and I was like
oh my gosh Symphony that sounds so
beautiful we should talk to Daddy about
doing that at our house she's like yeah
but he did just start building us a
sandbox we don't want to ask him for too
much stuff since that's so thoughtful
and cute and so then I kept driving and
she was quiet for a minute like she was
thinking and she goes but I didn't ask
him for the sandbox
he just wanted to do that all by himself
so maybe we can ask him for the wheel
barrel Mel Boggs these guys are working
so hard Abrams really serious about this
oh okay a wheelbarrow
I just wanted to fill this little short
version so people do not share in the
river
they are so cute out there oh my gosh
Abram is actually really working the
sand like he's not playing he's actually
filling up his wheelbarrow and taking it
to the back there he goes
Wow today was a really special day for
me guys and it's days like these that I
share things on the vlog as if I'm
journaling or as a way of sharing with
myself in the future of noting something
special that happens like I look back on
it and remember it was just so special
to me
how Abram was working so hard shoveling
that sand with me he was going back and
forth back and forth every time I
thought he's going to give up he went
back for another barrel full as I was
watching him work be so serious there's
no joking around
no being silly no being cute or anything
like that you just been Abram completely
he was very serious about what he's
doing and in that moment I felt for the
first time Abram making it clear to me
that he wants me to lead him into being
a man he's only 2 years old I just
really felt that today yeah I feel like
he was discovering something about
himself while we were working together
it could be me that was discovered
something something about myself as a
father but something very deep was going
on there and now I can't explain it we
had some awesome bonding time together
and I want to remember this day good job
dude I'm ready
but they missed
