guys I got an early Valentine's Day gift
today I used my I expand base and this
thing is an awesome where's baby
I remember how isolated I felt as a man
are you talking about so okay good
morning guys yes I did sleep on my shirt
from yesterday it was just too cold for
me it to change I just hopped right in
bed after sandy left but I want to show
you guys what Juliette's doing this
morning sad a fishy yeah oh she's really
inspecting her sippy cup this morning is
it about this sippy cup that you love
gee sorry yes sir hey fishy suspicious
all around her sippy cup how are you
doing today Missy good yeah have you had
a fun morning so far really fun
Symphony's day home from school is
always one of the best days guys I got
an early Valentine's Day gift today from
symphony you guys gonna see it
dot dot dot we get that beautiful
artwork I'm so proud of that picture
Samantha yeah she's been working on that
for months you guys just off and on
again 2017 mm-hmm she's just been off
and on again coloring it here and there
and saving it for my for Valentine's Day
and today I got it thank you I'm gonna
make her another one once I go to
people's house cuz there's a huge
coloring book full of them
come on dude whoa hey guys no today am i
filling my head around like a stove hair
oh it's a really interesting video last
night geysers in my newsfeed and was
about boys about how boys lose their
intimacy with other boys about the age
of 14 and I totally related to the
article because I remember before I
started attending pillar Church how
isolated I felt as a man like it was so
hard to connect with other men because
men just didn't do that women did they
met up all the time they express
themselves at men as far as I knew
didn't do that but then I went to pillar
and everything changed for me it was one
of the most healthy moves in my adult
life just some encouragement for you
guys out there the guys that are
watching surround yourselves with other
men who cares about the stereotype if
fat men are more than just thoughts
that's where our culture is showing us
that men are thinkers women are fielders
but we're both both let's go hey yo Joe
how was your night Joe yeah did you
sleep good yeah go guys so you sore No
not working hard enough so Joe and I
we're replacing the front of this house
again it did all this but now I'm
reinforcing it with this four by six to
make it even stronger we're making this
wall super strong
Oh peopIe where's baby baby man such a
productive day so far guys put my phone
is dead so we can't rock out to music
and our stomachs are empty so haters
break time for these guys right bud so
check this out guys lately and broken
but what I need to charge my phone I
used my I expand base and this thing is
awesome it's such a simple but genius
device so basically you plug the base in
and then you plug your phone into your
charger which plugs in into the base
comes with an app you just download the
app and as you plug this thing in it is
backing up all your photos at the same
time and it's such a blessing to say
guys that today's video is sponsored by
SanDisk the creators of this I expand
base that I've been using I love it here
in Broken Bow because I have very poor
service and I'm taking a lot of photos
and those photos are really important to
me not only because I'm making memories
with my kids out here taking photos of
them while we're out here but I want to
look back on these photos any year from
now when I'm done with this place and I
can make a comparison before and after
photo of a cabin I've tried to do that
with our previous house before I did all
the renovations I took before photos but
I lost all those photos but someone's
don't the project I don't have them
anymore because I didn't backup those
photos I never plug my phone into a
computer and that's the problem right
there if you're not doing that regularly
or if you're not using iCloud which is
like very obscure to me and that is why
I love the I expand base you just simply
plug your phone in every time you need
to charge and while you're charging it
it's automatically backing up all those
photos you took every single time you
have to do anything else there's no
going to the app it doesn't
automatically as soon as you plug it in
so if for ever reason you want to get
the pictures or contacts up the car that
you've been backing on your photos to
you just pull the card out from the back
and here it is you just you can take
this to wherever get your pictures
printed oh and I forgot to mention it
also backs up all your contacts so if
you lose your phone or breaks you can be
sure that all your photos and contacts
are physically saved to this device and
just for the fan base
you're gonna get 5% off when you order
this thing to our link in the
description so go check that out guys go
get some peace of mind buy one of these
things plug it in the wall plug your
phone in and your photos are forever
state how was your night at the gym you
knew was it good did you exercise well
kind of kind of not you and know one
thing that I did yes
okay so I'm one of the girls was
upsetting one of the other girls cuz she
was like holding her shirt and my own
and she didn't like it so um so I try to
help oh that's really sweet symphony'
that's a nice sweet helping girl and
then she started trying to get me oh oh
no doesn't that always happens when you
try to help they come after you yeah
that's kind of a life lesson for you
right there yeah how was your night at
the gym sugar oh great and now you're
gonna protein up that's awesome it's so
big for your little hello Thank You
Eddie baby Abram did I mention to you
how much fun I'm having out here having
such a good time being here with you
building this is a dream come true for
me buddy
what
you think it's looking better thanks man
I appreciate that
thanks thanks a lot Avram and I have to
go run some errands I got to get some
more supplies I need some more beams or
my fours and just different things like
pencils I have pencils but I'll make a
sharpener
weddings been walking by the Sea of
Galilee he saw two brothers and Friends
mending their nets they were four
freshmen Jesus called out to them let
stop
see what we do at night until we find it
oh goodness I found her guys do you see
it yet there it is
can you tell everyone a night tell them
say night night guys
everyone out having ice cream for dinner
so like you wanna do laughter ice cream
whoo the question men can go home maybe
pop in a blu-ray over there come all the
way back ready set go
all right go as far as you can you have
to go all the way go keep one go go
I gotta get some energy out of this guy
he's gonna keep me up all night this
guy's a crazy sleeper I mean kicking me
punching the LOA me rolling around hold
the Blake out me throw a little blanket
on me you're a crazy sleeper you know
that all right so it's time for comment
of the day and it comes from Tate and
Jew blog yeah are you pregnant Dada
tonight in your dress you looked
pregnant you guys I wasn't gonna pick
this comment and I have seen it many
times and not given attention to it but
no I felt like I need to talk about this
so okay I have a feeling that most of
the people asking me if I'm pregnant are
young teenagers or simply teenagers who
aren't really thinking about it for the
ethical question but I just feel like as
a mother to three young children I
should just put this information out
into the the interwebs um in case you're
not learning it at home and that is it
is very impolite and out of line to ask
a woman if she's pregnant and unless she
told you she is pregnant
so here's the thing no I'm not pregnant
I've had three children and one
miscarriage so I've had four pregnancies
I've carried four little lifes in my
little body over here and even in the
beginning after had Juliet I will admit
that I wore shapewear a lot of Spanx and
you know things like that because I was
embarrassed of my tummy and they're so
dang uncomfortable that I was like this
is not worth it especially in the
summertime even the wintertime heck it's
just really uncomfortable so I stopped
wearing it and people started
questioning me here and there if I was
pregnant and you know I just kind of
want to throw out there that it's okay
to not have that perfect flat body
anymore
I am totally comfortable and confident
in the body that I have now it is a
reminder of the three lives and the
three gifts that I've been given on this
earth but yeah I just felt like I needed
to give you guys this little chat on a
the appropriateness of asking a woman
that I mean I would be mortified if one
of my children asked someone if they
were pregnant and that has happened
actually and I had a very good
conversation with Abraham after the
incident many of you will remember on
airplane once with a male by the way I
can see how you guys would say that to
me because to you guys a flat tummy or a
pregnant tummy is the only norm that you
know me from so with that being said I'm
going to climb down off my soapbox until
you guys get back down and I will see
you all tomorrow don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other okay
yeah look at you myself is upside down
what good is this awesome
