good morning everyone Juliet's gonna go
play outside for the first time welcome
to the outside of the one Nana's still
hanging out playing she's been so
helpful and fun with the kids
oh she's already played ball was oh wow
and he's getting all over his little
shorts you don't have bubbles yet very
soon one day you'll have your own a
little fan bases how are you guys today
Tiffany and I are going out together
while the other two ladies and the
little German and sleep simply doesn't
sleep anymore no her nap but Wow Juliet
is napping at the same time the
kidnapping things are just too perfect
too good to be true and we know that
it's always like this at the beginning
so we're expecting things to pick up a
little bit more as far as crying and you
know crankiness and stuff like that
my name is hearts are just so full of
gratefulness right now I can't even
describe it to you guys knew just broke
down and cried in the bed because of how
grateful and content and full she feels
and I've been feeling the same way but
um alright let's go pick up mommy's
prescription from the doctor
she got a birthday wrong so she didn't
have her vicodin and we're gonna go get
mommy a recliner oh there's one right
there I like it it's good that one
pretend you're holding a baby does that
work for you
Jen you're nursing a baby because that's
what mommy's gonna be doing yeah
this is nice much better price that's
for sure and it matches our calculus
same material it reclines the mom you're
like one of those like it's a slide
chair right the lift chair oh we just
got back from Lowe's and I bought some I
bought a ceiling fan and a couple light
fixtures and I signed a little machine
after I paid with my credit card but all
the lady there is check him out and she
was making fun of my signature she's
like that's a silly signatures and that
looked at simply simply just smiled and
as we're walking away soon he was like
dad your signature is cool she is so
awesome I love this quality about
Symphony that she defends her family no
matter what I mean even if it's just a
light joke like that shouldn't take
those things lightly you are so loyal to
your face you look that funny quick and
guy yeah let's play how to go see you go
hide
I'll count one two three four
where is she battery's about to die
where'd you go
where'd you go Stephanie there you are
you passed right Jen you didn't even see
me I went right through here she's
counting out loud over there and she's
in her 30s she just keeps going 71 72 73
94 95 96 97 98 99 100
ready or not here I come I'm sitting
right there
why did you count away to 100 I thought
you weren't coming you're only supposed
to count the 15 then I wanted to come to
a hundred but I was over there waiting I
was like yeah she's gonna come oh honey
look what's happening for the first time
are you holding your sister what to feel
like did she feel cute does she feel
heavy can you look at it oh my goodness
you so big doing that hey you want me to
forget oh my gosh cute guy he wanted you
to see him so bad I look so tiny anymore
man he's getting a little emotional
about it to her so a goal what a big man
you think you're getting a little bit
big so scared oh babe I'm not scared but
kind of off standish she's different
I think he watches her love him he's
watching her and he's doing what
symphonies doing - would you be any
better of a brother man
can you oh this is his first time daddy
proud of little man Abram got tired of
holding the baby and we passed her off
to Nana
I'm so proud of this baby oh she's my
itsy-bitsy baby no you feel precious is
Sofie
nana has nicknames for every single baby
ever
her babies and her oh and she smiled
extended family came over to visit Oh
Mike and Lily
help me oh yeah it's almost like this
side for me these are special blend and
some fruit for Juliet yeah then I sell
it cool he's our thanks guys
Tejas style hey ha ha yeah good good at
it like in the middle of the night last
night I had a hard time and she was just
like Mike is such a bad example man
people think I'm a bad example
Abram - let's do some Cheetos ep's
cheated every hard come either share
perfect share without only adults
potatoes up their nose ok no only doles
thanks all she doing a sleeping Abram
come here Abram it's Olaf with the seat
my daddy was out here riding bikes with
the big kids
and Juliet was napping in her crib and I
was kind of picking up around the
kitchen she told me she said why is
everyone outside but me so I had to stop
what I was doing and bring her outside
ok so this is our third baby to have and
so I I try to be prepared for different
little things but how do you soak in the
fact that a newborn sleeps all the time
do you let them sleep as much as they
want and enjoy it and rest and do
housework or play with the other kids
while they're sleeping or do you enjoy
it in the sense of you pick them up and
hold them and take them around with you
everywhere while they're sleeping look
at her hair right there you guys all my
babies have had that little swirl at the
back of their head and I called it a
cinnamon bun swirl you dream in
wake up oh goodness there's a little
smile on that little hand you guys
aren't gonna believe this
Juliet came to the front yard to play
with everybody now everybody's out here
playing with Daddy just cause she's the
young is you don't leave her out gosh
they're having so much fun over there
how cute you guys are so dizzy oh my
goodness yo y'all are gonna need a bath
you dirty little monkeys mommy to spin
you in a circle and you feel like you're
playing you prank people you'll be awake
did you go poster sugar beer she's not
gonna sleep her eyes are wide open
look at her teenie here she's really
observant right now it's really strict
her awake as big as this as big as
little dimes or nickels or quarters um I
think as big as my how I'm holding
yeah it's about as big as a quarter hey
there ha ha
she's got quarter-sized ears then maybe
we can use our ear as a corner oh maybe
so how much does she have if they're
both quarters how much is that good
climb yeah what's it called 50 cents two
quarters is 50 cents we could put a
quarter in her little puppy here here do
it she can keep a quarter you can buy
something like that maybe like a new
pacifier or something or tomorrow I can
take it out what no that's true this
quarter
guys baby hiccups she's hiccupping she
does have hiccups
daddy can you go get her dear over there
little star how I wonder you are
yeah a little bit gosh mommy kiss kiss
she loves her daddy you're so sweet why
do you say that because she keeps
looking at you
no she does really daddy's Parker's
everybody's asleep Julie it's over there
asleep most you comment of the day
comment of the day goes to Eve Martino
you guys will have to update your
profile banner and add in Juliet I have
been working on that guys well I've been
going on haven't had time to really
focus on what I'm trying to do it all at
once the intro the channel art to
insulate and the thumbnail so I updated
all at once we'll see you guys tomorrow
for another fun-filled day with the
Rader family don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
