giulia empty gusto
it gets close to the door sorry
all right guys we're still no baby I
don't blame you took the kids to the
door the alarm boy
we're still maybe we tired because we
thought there were no elevators waiting
raises a door back there she just told
to stay away from the elevator yeah yeah
we'll stay on this hallway however all
their holy ever on their camera I'll be
what you can't hurt me - laughs just
then I like can't get enough we need to
keep that one you guys I do need coffee
Hospital date our first date with three
children and we're going to the waiting
room yeah
you guys ready to see the specs of the
new baby he's about to write it all down
on our board we didn't get to do it
yesterday because we didn't have the pen
and I was like really tired
you
the bummer though is that they don't
allow you to hang these on the outside
of the door but if you go over to the
post off or pre-op room they have
hangers love to deal with that is not
know where to put it
yes for now let's do the bathroom door
handle it's mainly for her room I don't
know which one to put on her today she's
still wearing her outfit that she's
supposed to meet Caden he hasn't come
yet
so I mean Ezra I just filled out
Juliet's birth information for to get
her birth certificate and the very last
page says congratulations on the birth
of your new little Texan it's so cute
hey sleepy hmm somebody just took a
three hour nap spots she's a little rash
on her skin a newborn rash he did her
hair you guys it's so cute
never thought I would have a baby with
long hair like that uh uh she just
finished eating little pasty thing is
gone really good there's not been a lot
of nipple confusion maybe a little bit
um early early this morning I can
already tell that if she wasn't using a
pasty I would be human pacifier it's
like she unlatches and she's full she's
had full feeding like a 30-minute
feeding and then she's still like
looking around like for some of the
second she's not hungry anymore and so
she's doing good taking the pathy and
that's making things a little more
smooth I think with not being constantly
attached to mommy just pick up the kids
from Nana's house you know Whoopie we're
what what are you shining onto the light
and led those pictures we have to think
of a big name could you see should you
wanna call her sissy
yesterday I can follow that your sissy
what a good sister your Oh what did she
feel like she tiny
chunky like a baby
my god what a loving you see you're
getting about a bad evening you all done
hey yeah you ready to meet your little
friend which I see covers her eyes can
you like go in the thing next to her can
we try that out
she won't kick him yet welcome I pay
Juliet literally pay Julie and show her
your new toy
ok we made it work we'll see how long it
lasts sweet oh my gosh oh my gosh that
is so cute oh gosh look at all her hair
like Lily I thought he had a ton of hair
look he's like balls compared to her I
know I can't believe she has so much
hair you see your little purse she like
keeps her hands by her face in her mouth
alot yeah Ricky yeah ha ha
just come help me
knowing help you why it's all part of
the process behind your plan Wireless
yeah there you go you got this bed Oh
beliefs Nikki Bella stop woopi-hey
myself mom you got this big it's just
two stumps you're right it's about time
she's aren't so good at guys such an
amazing mommy
hey Juliet what are you peeking it you
did peeking around say hi dad
I'm like a little puppy you know it's so
much strength of us having our third
baby it's like they all feel different
like on the inside my heart feels so
different for each of them as I've
learned so far yeah it's like you have a
unique world a chance it's crazy how it
happened what you doing so good this
time every other feeding we have like a
really rough time with her latching on
to the side and she did perfectly this
time so this is a snacking area it's not
a vending machine it's based on the
honor system you just come you pick up
their stuff self-pay that says a lot
about the community of this hospital
supposed to me to get a variety of
snacks that she could munch on while
she's nursing think you like those days
when Tom and joy loves these things
tarts overdo it
they don't have bags
let's work
what do you feeling out here the
waitress thought you'd like those
comment of the day goes to Juliet just
kidding we got so many heartfelt
comments from you guys that's just too
hard to is from so many tears or shed
and yesterday's video is just so awesome
that Juliet could bring so much
happiness to so many people and so
awesome but on cheering up a little bit
alright don't for you guys we love you
remember
