good morning guys one day left in the
final countdown and we have a few
last-minute things I have not done yet
for instance we have not even opened up
our car seat ready guys there's the big
day let's install this stinking seat
post feet one more day but I think your
dearest anymore
I don't know you tell I didn't tell him
hello oh I think that my water is
breaking / broken I noticed there was a
little dampness my pajama bottoms and so
I set up to go get Abram out of his bed
and a little bit of water trickle down
my leg just a little slight bit and I
thought ah that's a little weird
so I started googling when your water
breaks it's like that and turns out
apparently the majority of pregnant
women have their water break very slowly
that's what I've just been feeling for
the last no no two hours and yes so yeah
I don't know that's my say I'm thinking
under zero days but no contractions no
pain nothing solid oh my gosh we got to
learn how to do this to get in with a
clicky click thing that's it it's in
I'll get on your bag I'm going to teach
you how to ride it
okay so rules
here hold on real tight wait worse
ecology how long lunch right my bike if
I keep sad and then I started to pedals
and pedal and pedal until I got faster
and faster that's how I want to ride my
bike ready to go a little faster man I'm
so excited I woke up with a huge smile
on my face
it's like Christmas Eve today's the last
day that knee and I will consider only
two children we decided to do anything
okay so today for the final countdown
Nia won't be vlogging today because she
is going to go pamper herself and go do
whatever she wants to do get her nails
done sit around go drink a coffee go
read at Starbucks but the point of today
is for Nia to go spoil herself
- in here delicious haha get out of here
I cook your breakfast I'm gonna go for a
little while because one works but just
for everybody
alas their breakfast for the family of
four we're gonna hospital my crime in
happy thank you go get our table know
what y'all know whitey apply that's his
high point for the day so far I just
think I know I did it
what what no
I want
what is that
manacles cruises over yeah the kids have
already claimed their sand Wow should we
just leave it up here yeah we'll just
right in front of it look there's Blaine
guys show him your sand all right I got
the first layer of sand down how nice
that is that nice guys
this is going to be a deep sandbox for
the kids I didn't want to dig deep holes
and end up hitting the bottom it's going
to be about a foot deep I think that's
just enough for them he burns trying to
help me out now
go that way to the backyard
dump it in that hole right there we're
gonna fill some holes up back here - oh
thanks Mia we got another big delivery
coming down guys check it out
I used playset swings up Cole did you
see their new swing set yeah are you
excited you don't seem excited
what yeah that's from Jonathan's house
we're not getting the playground put
together we thought we pay these guys to
take it down bring it and put it
together but the same all you paid for
was for us to move it so there it is
just strewn all over the yard I don't
know what I'm supposed to do here
some better condition in this huh cuz I
could paint it yeah I could paint that
yeah there's a sandbox I'm not done yet
though buddy I still got to put more
sand in it but yes mine went up the ramp
daddy mine went up the ramp but Rogers
good
every young go down the slide actually
going up it right there
go bigger get out of Texas that's what I
say look at that thing
I think I'm gonna put a nice bench
around the edge of it it's not nice wood
I showed you guys that Home Depot and I
was shopping for the supplies here and
maybe put like a step on the outside of
it so I can step into it yeah why are
you saying poopoo man just play thank
you Dad
super dad he really has been super dad
today you guys he said he was giving me
the day off he wasn't kidding
I did go grocery shopping though
Guinness installed up my choice but
better now than waiting until we are
home with a newborn and everyone's like
oh eight o'clock we have an early
morning tomorrow so we're all getting
our teeth brushed and ready for bed
ready for story time all right buddy
you'll get to see her tomorrow oh hey
hey movie Oh mommy look at Val
oh there's tiny hi tiny okay you guys
pick your chairs
oh the next time you pick your chairs we
might have another little person in here
with us daddy needs a new kid get on our
wedding lucky chain you want to trade
chairs now yes okay chairs always like
kind of pillow mommy that goes on the
Chairman to fit my e-penis oh wow you've
learned from the best
me Zakia's had an idea he scooted up a
tree and out to the edge of a branch and
time to see people come down the road
that man in the middle must be Jesus he
thought Orioles listening to hey come on
in Rio he nearly fell off the branch
when Jesus looked up and said where's my
only daughter where is she where is she
hey there she is I got a reference she's
my kitty Symphony Tennyson last night I
could just say good night to you as my
only daughter I'm not your only daughter
anymore and they have Juliet isn't that
crazy you're gonna be a big sister
little sister oh you are you and holder
and rocker I want to be the first one so
folder actually mom and get to hold her
first yeah mom you'll be the first one
then I'll leave a second I'll be the
second no I'm gonna be alright we'll see
mama and you're gonna be in a third
Wednesday
they'll shake they might mankind then
she poop down honey hang it oh why did
you prepare here we can I had a toilet
as my hand and I take it up and swim
poop on my hand
I'm nervous honey don't go to bed
everybody wants to know if we're gonna
vlog it that should be comment I've been
able to answer all of your comments like
yeah we're gonna vlog such as the
program we filmed all the other ones too
so we'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget we love you
I remember to love each other so much
time to say this to you as a family of
four oh my gosh okay tomorrow tomorrow
so me and my arms will be a problem
you
for their mister
he shouts
