today's a special day
Abram there's two days left in the final
countdown and how old are you so do you
know what that means okay my little date
are you ready
do you want to go to a new donut shop
okay let's go oh well you kiss her right
in the mouth No kissed your nose not the
one you want
oh whoa dude look at these doughnuts
I'll look fruity pebbles we got to get
that one for sissy oh yeah I'm feeling
you want a chocolate doughnut don't you
want to try the minion no why you want a
chocolate sprinkle okay we'll get a
chocolate sprinkle can I get a banana
pudding one and a key lime pie
we had that at the donut bar in New York
Oh in California you're so smart you
remember that it's huge
Abram said eat it one thing that makes
the statement Abram so special a little
more special than other dates is that in
two days he's not gonna be the baby
anymore
and with Symphony she's already been
through this before she has felt what it
feels like to go from being the baby
down the child to big sister and even
though it's gonna change for her again
she kind of knows the drill and she
knows that there's gonna be a little
thing screaming around the house like
that it's almost like you know one of
the last times it my little baby
it's really emotional for me anyway he's
my boy he was my first one tumor so
let's get your napkin
you know how big I love you how big can
you show me with your arms big I love
you
big big big oh that's it I love you big
big big
no mommy didn't pick out a bike lovely
Betty dude are you ready to see what
mommy picked out for you okay this right
here no ok bullet you don't want your
own basketball hoop yeah you told me you
wanted one sudden excises a Thani would
be so on a mat 101 Siam you had a slide
on it okay well we're gonna go home and
build it and play with it okay oh I
wanted literally everything else in the
store except for that but yes he wanted
like the power wheels he saw all the
cars and the bikes
oh he's gonna like your date they're
both you like your date more than mine
what's on it cream and pink frosting
just like you asked for
you totally just made that shot give me
a favor what did all right says okay
Abram go to my turn to show this guy
some love and literally he just ran in
the bathroom close the door pulled in
his underwear Samsung toilet
daddy had a pee-pee and went peepee good
job little buddy so my plans for Abram
is to go get him a new bike for his
first bike and then take them to the
park let him ride around and maybe play
in the water if it feels like it and
bring some chick-fil-a there a little
picnic with him
these are awesome that was too big for
you that's the bike that got stolen for
me how about this one
dude this one is awesome is that one too
small no no put your feet on there let's
try it
what about this one we could raise the
seat on this one it's on 40 bucks all
right let's try it I know there's many
ways to show your kids that you love
them without having to buy them
something I just can't think of anything
today so what we're doing I know we're
not getting a skateboard today not today
we're getting a bike today okay there
you go here's a chicken nugget in your
barbecue sauce we decide to have a
picnic up here because the grass is wet
and I don't want to throw a blanket down
there and of course you're right
searching the playground I didn't want
to write it right look everyone this
chicken nugget looks like a little piggy
ain't going I ain't going yeah what does
that one look like I'm going to the
water tower come on
don't throw Michael little girls
we're at the water park go to the water
loop man where's my son scaled water
sucks a little girls out there that's it
man we're going through I won't take you
here I wanted to get mrs. flash hey no
running from me get over here
oh man this guy just found his dream
puddle it's really warm actually it's
pretty hot yeah hot it's kind of warm
huh do you want to ride your bike it's
so easy to entertain this guy sometimes
I really overthink it like buying this
bike right here that's just sitting
there that he hasn't saddled since we've
been here
little guy
we are spilling Memorial Day whoa you
okay man you're okay
she's got kicked in the face
we did a shoe mark on this house breath
in the chest actually anyway we're
spending Memorial Day here with friends
of family we're both women hi I need it
really hard to get in the water why I
don't know I'm just not hot right now
no let's see your little newborn
floaties
oh she's got a little newborn floaties
all right this way come here Oh Sam
don't be a bad example yeah you got
everyone Wow
sorority lead Rockwall - symphony go
lunch - oh well you got chocolate all
over here that is so cute you're gonna
eat that every marshmallow he can't lose
it oh you started his marshmallow into
lava it's going slipping oh man why'd
you do that we're back home the cookout
was really fun and relaxing we had a
really sweet time of prayer over the
upcoming events for this week and so
that was nice but um everyone's asleep
I've been having a really hard time
going to sleep in the middle of my date
with Abram I found out that we had a
death in the family on my side and it
was a cousin I grew up pretty close to
and so it's just been a very emotional
afternoon a very sudden and shocking
loss and you know it was a younger
member of the family and that's always
hard and so I've been feeling a little
down and bummed about that and you know
the funny thing is is we always hear
that like when there's a death there's a
birth and I've heard that my whole life
you know we're from the South I don't
know maybe it's a southern thing but I
never thought that my birth would be
lined up with someone's death that's
close to me so on to comment of the day
this comes from page go zone and she
said when Juliet arrives ah so soon will
you continue vlogging every day are you
going to take a day or two off I might
not be in the vlog as often or I may not
be holding the camera as often as I do
now but we definitely plan to just keep
vlogging they might be shorter they
might be sleepier they might be
screaming cry year I don't know but
they're gonna be cuter anyway so we'll
see you tomorrow guys don't forget we
love you and remember
to love each other
xiaochun
we ran this
