daddy wait uh you wait up man hahaha
what the houses excited somersault come
on man we're having Church in the park
today with another church family what
church are we having this with there's
another church that meets in our
building in the evenings I'm not sure
what they're called
oh that's panic Church yeah Hispanic
time we're meeting them cooler so
underprepared I didn't know they had
water stuff here I thought we were gonna
just like we're supposed to bring
bathing suits
well Abraham's gonna get wet no matter
what so Radha makers kids are already in
they're already happening
Tiffany try to stay dry okay oh never
mind
hey knocks I'm in the brother danger
download both faith and above is Ella
let's go get some excavate a symphony
the gas station is Makani million movies
October oh hey broom sting drive-by
shooting the other kids let him have a
turn there you go bye delicious this is
so fun I feel like this is such a
perfect segue from going as a family
fortune family 5 I love it out here you
love it
Sam sleepy he's made a sleepy but you
need to go eat some sugar yes Peppa he's
super sleepy and the guy that he did the
wedding with last night Nicky this
morning as Janice two families came back
so we're back home from the church
picnic and we were getting ready to
reveal Juliet's room guys for day three
we are doing the big reveal
come here honey come the shop how's it
going in there it's going really are we
about ready to show them or we got a few
more things we have the status we have I
have one more final touch to add and I
need your help for it okay Symphony
wants to put a beanie baby in the crib
all right so let's go get it well go get
a bean Betty and then we'll be this
final touches and you guys will get to
see this beautiful new room cute cozy
but beautiful I'm just scared of Sally
no let's get a lot that's not a wasp
with Sally knife a lot that's Sally over
there so I've been working on the sand
box don't think I've given up on that
but it's been raining a lot here real
good already
you think so I have it all framed out I
just got to put a sump in the toy well I
got to put landscape paper down and I'm
gonna put sand or I'm going to put sand
on top of this and then landscape paper
and then sand on top of that but it's
all framed and leveled yeah I don't know
how we're gonna get over there why don't
you dig it out I don't know what's botch
it if there's a time
Abram let's try to find the second
nibbles there's another box
mm ah she found him oh that's perfect
Symphony Oh mommy's going to love that
one oh what's the penguin for him see
that cutie that's a perfect one
everyone the dangling fridge abramoff
that one oh I gotta find the other
nibbles that's okay we even talked about
it means if you said oh perfect a deer
would be if she could find one me and
Abram got one too oh my god did you guys
know these were mommies when I was a
little girl I don't see a little peak
who oh I gave him a little peak walk by
guys see if you can see just a little
picture you know together
no it's all P covered or oh are you guys
ready okay welcome to wait wait wait
three days left in the final countdown
sorry all ready to see Juliet nursery
yes come on okay first stop you ready
this is her nursery Juliet's nursery
guys it first stop is the door you guys
have already seen this this will be
hanging at the hospital and we'll fill
all this in next stop we have our
changing area mirror one of the signs
you guys sent us we have her area right
here
Oh
little things I'll set up these are her
drawers her bows and her head bands from
onesies this is her closet not the most
organized but also sim I organize I've
got these cute little dividers to divide
it for clothes we have our wall Marcie
Khalid you're gonna show us a show every
woman dear this is her crib with all her
adorable Betty what's that here we have
our cute book Andre I made this for
Juliet it's to learn her colors and the
shapes are removable not so cool pink
red orange yellow pine Oh blue mm-hmm
here's this law we have the sign that
you guys saw me make this little yeah
that's what Stan made we decided to keep
it we decided to keep it that color
because it matched so well with
everything in here and this is her
outfit that she's gonna be coming home
in yeah my friend Caitlin made her this
Andre isn't this and Symphony just
picked this out a dress for my cute
little BA
I like it I don't try a night for
gorgeous Asian guys my gosh it's so soft
and pretty and it matches perfectly so
so it's like luxurious me this is the
fan play made me a ton of work cause
yeah it looks so cool on the back of ten
o'clock I was so sweet is this that is
Stephanie sent us this will be what she
sleeps with I guess hopefully a Berman
Symphony both have like a theme and I've
kind of been able to gauge what their
thing might be I didn't guess that
Able's will be his dog and if you guys
are wondering where I got all this
adorable matchy match stuff I mean like
it is so cute he'll like the blanket and
the bothy and the changing cover all
matches I got it from new arrivals
incorporated and we'll have a link down
below it's a really cute website with
all kinds of different baby decor
nursery bedding stuff like that and this
was my favorite from their website I
wanted a rose garden theme for baby
Juliet and so this was just perfect and
I wanted to share with you guys you
other expecting moms out there the
prices are reasonable and the quality is
top-notch I just wanted like standing
here all the time
it's finally finished seriously guys we
just did
touches like today now we the last thing
we did was put these letters up I
thought that this room was a lot smaller
I feel like the only thing I would
change if I went back and read that
anything would be to make these bigger
do you agree Sam no you like on that
small that's how small symphonies were
but her name was longer so I was
imagining it looking different this is
my third child and this is my first time
to have a glider rocker my mama spoiled
me I love it it's so perfect I live in
here and this was kind of like a and
added to last-minute touch guess me went
and took a bath and didn't tell me I'm
going to come of the day make up flowers
are you guys planning to stop at three
kids or we want more in the future I
love you guys I think our magic number
is at least four and God willing we'll
be able to have five they're bringing
more joy than anything else here but
we'll see you guys well don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
come on guys love each other
