what's up buddy
you got it you know one just leave it in
here and send them in here and do that
okay it's not big enough it's big enough
just do that you go bring it tender and
your first top time you got a present
hey try one here okay okay come on buddy
Abraham I got you Brandon little
ambitious you have to open it there -
open it buddy she got it for you once
y'all know you have to open it
what wait ah no guitar it's not a guitar
wouldn't it look like and what's this
it's a shield where you can fast Negishi
yeah me and daddy want to Chuck E Cheese
yesterday you got to thank sis and give
her home so I picked it out do you love
it I don't mean you go get what I got
okay I'll go get well we got something
of Chucky
face
all right ninja time to do your thing
it's like a Kiwi stuck there we go good
morning guys I'm off to a wedding shoot
but before I go I want to explain to you
guys what day 4 is in our final
countdown so for today it's not going to
be anything like extravagant like
yesterday it's just our announcement of
the winners I know we said we're going
to do one family we're going to help one
family for that giveaway the 500,000
subscriber giveaway but we actually
decided to split it up into four
families because there are so many
enquiries and there's so many needs out
there and our heart just went out to so
many of them and it could possibly end
up being five because one of you guys a
fan basic an anonymous fan basic made a
thousand dollar donation towards this
giveaway such a blessing guys it's just
so awesome to see other people have a
heart that we have to help other people
and who realize that we're all in this
together that God put us down here to
help each other not to do this alone
there's one family who has three kids
she's a single mom she has a twin but
she has twin boys who just grew out of
their toddler bed and they need some
twin size mattresses to sleep on they've
been sleeping on the floor on their
toddler mattresses so we're sending them
a bunk bed to help
hi kami hi hey darling happy summer
yeah we're sending them a bunk bed to
get them in a bed so blessed to be able
to do that for them a family and Peru a
missionary family they need a new laptop
we're giving them a new laptop to help
them with their missionary services
another single mom who was evicted from
her home is trying to get into an
apartment and she was short about $400
we went ahead and gave her that $400
plus an extra hundred to help her get
into an apartment and the last family
were helping is a family of four a boy
and a girl the boy named Samuel he's a
special-needs child
he's wheelchair-bound but he loves the
swing and he's grown out of his swing
that he sits in and they need a
wheelchair swing where he could wheel up
to it and just um let him swinging it
and so we're helping them get that in
their yard so he can swing whenever he
wants to in his wheelchair and the
parents don't have to worry about
lifting him up so much but those are the
four families that we feel God was
telling us to help out anyway I gotta go
gotta get my stuff ready god bless you
guys have fun with Nia hey guys how's it
going today Sam let me sleep in for as
long as I wanted and I woke up feeling
so rested it's so like sleepy groggy all
at the same time but he's off to his
wedding now with Mike a guy that would
go to church with and I just finished up
a wreath that I'm gonna be offering for
fourth of July while I am out on
maternity leave so it's like a pre-made
one and I want to show it to you guys
here's the gist of it all my cute wake
up
oh my god I didn't get sleepy at all now
you are a bit and now Symphony Abram and
I are gonna open some packages from you
guys so this is Mike guys I'm sure
you've met Mike before you go
my brother was supposed to shoot this
wedding with me but at the last minute
he said sorry Sam a schedule to go to
Michigan instead to go meet my
girlfriend family he has an education
photography unlike Matthew myself nine
years for vouchers yep bachelor's
Congrats man just recently graduated and
the gift you got parents parents you got
a mark sorry this is a $3,000 yep
unbelievable I was like I was amazed
look at this place it's beautiful out
here man I just took the whole bridal
party out to downtown Rockwall and their
portraits there but I wish that wait so
we got here she was wanting me to take
him somewhere else but this this is
beautiful for Boise City or for this
whole surrounding area this is really
pretty
stop trying to steal the shot Mike oh my
goodness
Thank You Taylor and Brooke huh
hold it up for the camera oh it says red
white and cute Thank You Taylor Brooke
Thank You Kayla Brooke this one comes
from Sydney and Olivia bigots for
Juliette again these are leggings let's
see the top oh can I see oh that's so
cute
and what is that what what do you see
mmm gum and shoes yeah they're called
cat Gees jogger gums
what do you guys have noticed that I've
been shooting a lot of weddings lately
sort of Kenny my mouth put Cain in my
mouth and started vlogging dumb to
respond to that this is probably going
to be my last wedding shoot it's kind of
a bittersweet I feel like I have some
good reasons for a few reasons one of
the biggest reason is I lost my passion
for it and there's a lot of wedding
photographers on the market and I feel
like it's not fair for me to stay in
wedding photography just for the money
and that's almost what it's becoming for
me when I really evaluate myself I'm not
passionate like I used to be and I'm not
as passionate as a lot of other
photographers that I know not that I'm
taking a lot of business or anything
like that that's not what I'm saying
it's also not fair to the bride and
groom for me to keep on shooting
weddings when I'm not 100% in it so I
think it's time for me to say goodbye to
the chapter of me shooting weddings and
to be able to say that as a blessing in
itself I was able to make that dream
come true and now I've new things that I
want to fall I want to get more into
video do more video and
you know focus somewhere on my family
but anyway gotta go shoot my last
wedding my keys here we just did our
little photo oh he had to be a model all
day has his newborn shoot today
mr. Minh so good you look fabulous
oh thanks Lee can't even believe you
just had a baby I really can't
I'm gonna practice nursing my not
nervous I'm gonna practice putting on my
nursing cover Kerry made me a nursing
cover this is how you go sister and she
has an SBA count pennies and nickels
I'll have it all linked below I don't
think I say it right you say it I need
the nickels yeah oh I just say it right
and anyway she made me this but I want
to practice putting it on and I have one
hand so she's gonna film me let's see if
I can do this okay so this is my
adorable nursing parish maybe she also
made me some stuff that you guys have
already seen all right she just rocked
okay so I'm gonna start with the long
little strappy dancer okay
looka thing is you can always keep it
latched - oh yeah once you attach it
once we just keep it attached up like
okay this is you've got the piping unit
and then on the back I have something to
wipe their mouths with and right here
there's a pocket that's so convenient
and it says every good and perfect gift
is from above it's so cute Juliet will
be in there let's take a peek
everyone's in bed I didn't realize that
Sam had already given you guys the cool
information earlier today so we're not
going to do that together tonight and
I'll just do comment of the day but yeah
we have been so blessed by reading your
emails and everything like that and
we're just grateful to have such a big
extended family so on to comment of the
day comes from Medina Richard which is
said Nia what are you going to do as a
mom with Juliet differently than with
Symphony and Abram and I know that raft
of my head is gonna do something
uh-huh what do you think it is not gonna
do anything different no what do you
think mine is you probably gone up no I
am gonna be a Pasi user in the past I
was like antipasti Sam was anti Pasi but
after nursing Abram and being a human
pacifier for like over a year and he
finally calmed down after he was a
little over a year I have decided I'm
gonna use one I should probably do a
little more research on it just to be
sure but I'm just saying I'm just
teacher to latch on to me comfort okay
guys don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
