Stephanie it's the last day of school
after today you're a first grader
you mean after centigrate yes are you
ready to put your field day outfit on
you know how my brother didn't crying I
washed it put your head down first and
then a what then I wedded it with her
birth a wet rag good morning guys we
just dropped off symphony at school as a
kindergartner for the very last time and
we will pick her up this evening as a
first grader Murphy hold on I bet if I
finish putting my makeup on oh you're a
person who a mask yeah today's a special
day
all right here it is buddy come here are
you gonna be super diaper man go to your
mommy when you take it out come back
come back that's awesome and he could be
a little diaper man hi Oreo are you a
running with me this morning did you
have fun running with me don't run with
me when she's wearing a leash she won't
walk at all when she's wearing leashes
so she just pretty much ran beside me
the whole time I didn't run very far but
she seemed to have enjoyed it a lot
Jeff fun running in the sprinkles okay
guys so before we get to all the
celebratory things today we have a lot
of stuff going on I wanted to share with
you guys an unboxing from today's
sponsor it's thriving market and I'm
really super excited to share this one
with you guys I just went online I
picked out what I wanted there are so
many things to choose from from organic
food snacks beauty products cleaning
products I mean you name it it was like
an online grocery store for healthy and
organic things but the coolest thing is
that it shipped to my house really
really fast which to me is a super-duper
plus because when you have a newborn
I've got two other small kids it's
really hard to go to the grocery store
so trying this out was really fun and
exciting just to see like is this really
something that could possibly be a
benefit to us
juliette comes and it totally is first
thing I'm going to be needing these very
seen these little baby puffs
super-excited I got some organic PB&J
Abram loves to eat peanut butter and
jelly sandwiches and we were out so I
went ahead and stocked up on some of
this these little cliff kids their fruit
ropes and so my kids love these I did
two actually already open the box at
eight one for this next one I'm really
excited to share with you guys it's new
type of coconut oil and I've been using
this type of oil around the house a lot
lately like for cooking for the recipes
with my essential oils it's just really
beneficial it's good for your skin it's
good to eat it and you can get one for
free if you click the link in our
description also you'll get one month
free membership and 15% off your first
purchase which is super cool an avocado
oil Greek vinaigrette salad dressing
gosh how good does that sound like I
want to go make a salad oh this is one
my favorite mod draws lentils one step
one minute chili and it's organic it's
healthy and it's delicious my kids like
it I like it
I love having these disinfecting wipes
around the house we're potty training a
little boy so I like having these to
like wipe up the toilet every time he
goes package of sponges oh this one's
really cute it's a new scrub brush for
the kitchen look how cute that is I love
it it's wooden yeah that is my whole
from fried market I'm super excited that
we found this company it's really cool
too because every time you buy a
membership from them they donate a free
membership to another family in need so
thanks to thrive for sponsoring today's
video we have so much going on today and
I just cannot wait to hop to the rest of
our day so let's go see symphony
graduate but it has rained so the
starting early my brother Andrew and
Rachel took off work so they could make
it to her graduation and they're
probably not going to make it now
because all the parents are already
there they said they've been try and get
a hold of us so they could get it going
early cuz everybody wants to go home
not only is Symphony ace for sight word
hero she is a character who's a little
firm the first day we took this of the
day we took over the first time oh yeah
we'll have to share link will put a link
to the video in the car you guys gonna
like that out your first day of school
and now here we are the last day of prep
for school she's now a 1st grader in the
coolest part about today being
graduation for symphony is that it's
also Andrews birthday
andrew is 27 years old 27 days young 21
well sorry maybe only 21 anymore don't
you go out of the year you guys think it
would turn 100
yeah what do you want for your book that
besides a new bed wicked really good in
there you guys this little guy came
today we usually have a bassinet in our
room and so all the diapers and wipes
and everything we need goes underneath
that but we don't have a bassinet this
time around
mainly because our kids don't actually
like it neither one of the babies liked
it before so this time we are using this
rock and play and I've got my cute
little blanket that sandy sister quilted
for me on there doing this oh my gosh
this is the changing mat we got our
wives that side full like oh I'm so
sleepy blah blah blah blah get the baby
out help me bring her up here we're also
I'm asleep over there or Sam's asleep
over here we got a changing that so you
can practically do this in our sleep
yeah here maybe right here just over
there
we'll get it in the next morning wait
where we put the dirty diaper we didn't
have a trusting in our room we don't we
need a trash can but that's why I just
said throw a diaper genie I just err on
floor just walk around the house with
this thing yeah all right kids line up
its diaper changing time
we're about to go deep for uncle
Andrew's birthday anger wants Italian
food so we're going to be Chinese guys
get alongs out here
Andrew only because it's your birthday
let you drive only you drive the Honda
so tempting he'll be with us all for
though okay he can't handle her
when are you ready to do something we
meant to the restaurant willing for my
mom's sister to arrive too late for
everything not even lying right Andrew
you really are I don't know what it
Rachael had a flat tire or something
like that yeah mom's car broke down they
still walk seriously please don't set
with us we don't know you mommy over
here fruits here why would you get
spaghetti
oh that's just your salad false alarm
all right this amiibo Andrews birthday
meal oh well it did happen
ginger this is what I'm eating for your
birthday look at this guy's I'm eating
that for your birthday Joe Goodfellow
somebody have a flood over here I'm
called the right guy I'm here oh yeah
that looks pretty bad Angie's gonna have
to handle this one yeah you know what
I'm gonna back up yeah you're ready nice
guys my neighbors look it's all there
that's all you need you got this I got a
rush home got a lot to do I got a rush
home to got kids to put the bed all of
your right love you mom Andrew just I
got jock Holmes will take me on that
there's the culprit dog do you have like
a needle nose like pulled out I don't
go get mom maybe she can pull it out
their age come on just touching runner
watch out for nails in the road it's my
sister guys I don't know about her
sometimes ah now we're supposed to pull
it out before you put the slime in so
you wanna see it mom has a pair of
needle-nose there you go my noses it was
a push tech give that to Rachel she ran
over that say watch out for nails Aunt
Rachel yeah all right let's push the
slime in perfectly look at the slime
going in
that's why I'm actually sealed it right
you owe me one you owe me one that won't
be enough my buddy come with that day
don't forget you owe me you owe me bye
she's simple funny I wish she actually
did that on the way home guys it has
been such a long but good day today
crazy day it's not over yet because we
still have to do our countdown thing for
the sixth day of the final countdown
we're so not seeing you here right there
what am i strong my people
oh let's don't tell them let's just let
them watch what's going to be going down
for a day six okay well she'll be doing
it you guys want to watch
what do you think do you like them the e
turned out to be the best one in my
opinion it's kind of hard towards the
end I was trying to fill in little gaps
and stuff like that and just ran into a
few spots where I was like oh it's just
too big of a flower right there but I
couldn't remove it because I'd already
attached it so can you tell which one is
my least favorite yes which one
an R it's how it's going to be the J it
is the J I'm not kidding but you just
randomly selected that Lord it looks
very awkward oh I see
look at that it's like whatever like I
don't know if I'm a G or a J huh so
pretty well really
so how far apart do you think they need
to be on her wall probably like wine and
two-inch oh my god this is a British
guys this is my life I can never get him
to be serious but there's a sneak peek
into her nursery no comment of the day
today wake up tomorrow but uh look guys
a feather you know say you catch him now
you get to take him in by the mouth
because you're way too thin to catch it
with your hands don't forget guys we
love you and remember to love each other
you owe me
we shall just
