okey-dokey Aggies oh I'm praying nothing
will happen because all right guys this
is a big morning guys welcome to
Oklahoma it's so ridiculously freezing
it's it's actually pretty frustrating I
don't know why I keep coming out here
while it's frozen it's just so hard
working these conditions leave this this
is more Weaver water runoff from the
trailer basically solid I still have
water for the trailer even though I had
a water turn off last night we ran out
of gas again
we were both frizzy and I just was too
cold even get up thankfully we had one
more of these left anyway a room and I
have to go get something to eat
we're gonna go replace his little Swiss
Army knife yeah that's when we do that
why right here because he lost it we saw
yesterday it was kind of like mine but a
head isoprene is sorry whoa um check
that one out
yeah we'll check it out
that nice there's yours right there but
if you want one like that again
whoa that is a key knife huh that's
pretty cool
give morning guys are you ready to see
who the Vinny's dressing up as today
that's right guys if your guests Elsa
that's right because I guess that that's
after we had throw the knife okay buddy
so you don't cut yourself are you gonna
lose this one yes how you do it makes it
nice and flat
hey don't hurt her so I'm making it's
dull can you say dull done done go he'd
be careful with it okay everyone's gonna
get in the hot tub we formed up for some
work you know down to I scared like I
was your eye scrapes yeah this is my I
stay please come on out buddy
smells great out here welcome to the
Broken Bow landfill
Big Sisters off to school and Juliet has
all her little animals and babies lined
up and she's giving them bites of
something whose turn is it to get a bite
is it bears turn is it puppies turn he's
hungry oh it's either she's gonna give a
bite
oh it's baby's turn
she likes you ice can she have hugs did
this guy bite
mommy bunny gets a bye and that little
kitty cat gets a bite what about this
guy tips please paninis
can he have bites thank you
oh she found her buckle pillow Juliet
got this for Christmas and she connects
each buckle to its matching color buckle
yeah red good job Oreo hurry it's
freezing where's Oreo
come on freezing girl oh man it's so
cold out there
Oreo you need out your own little doggie
robe come here calm down calm down calm
down okay girl are you doing don't give
her hugs Jessie give your Huggies look
your donkey Aggies oh ho ho he won't be
still for you oh oh
we had got really quiet you got out she
was sitting in her basket playing you
guys while I made coffee I was like what
did she suddenly get so quiet about and
then she just rolled over and got out
you silly little girl she loves to get
in baskets Symphony was exactly the same
way at Juliet's age love the way she
plays you guys it's the sweetest cutest
thing that was one whole ton of
construction material mostly drywall I
was actually just one little ring it's
crazy
all this drawings go because of cracking
up the house by jacking it all up what
up Joe
so this is Joe he's my helper right now
he lives thanks Arkana but he's from
Africa yeah he's like legit Africa got a
really cool accent he's got a daughter
and that wife right now you just helped
me clean Joe's gonna help me dig a
trench I'm gonna dig you're trying to
haul back here on the back I can't get a
tractor right there cuz these trees
gotta get that tree down as you can see
I'm done living in the backyard
completely it's not a lot of fun stuff
going on here today guys should be here
by now so I'm gonna make use of my time
outside we get biking over there taking
out trash did you do while your man's
out of town I think it's a coincidence
that he left the night before the trash
is which get full you think see him are
you trying to like set me up here okay
so instead of doing a trench we're all
under here lovely it's such a blessing
having Joe under here you guys have no
idea I'm gonna overwhelm at this table
I'm pretty much almost done
everyone we're working and you're in the
working zone can you come over here bud
a little Mookie Joan you're in the
working zone come over here yeah really
are
hey brooms jack up the house right there
you be careful bud oh you just did man
Jack it all up so cute everyone Joe your
new best friend
Hobby Lobby with my chauffeur sandy look
at this service she opened up my door
for me isn't this lovely
I want this sign you guys that's so cute
sandy is the sign Queen she knows when
they're always on sale it's like when I
used to do read send you in their own so
it's a little paper don't miss that ooh
man I'm like a kid in a candy store in
here
this is a major puzzle piece can't do a
family on whatever she's the one that
just speaker get out I'm over here like
I don't know what you're saying she
figured it out we got our matches and
guys being here makes me wanna make a
read
I keep seeing stuff I'm like oh it's
I'll be making a readout about the
season of it and back there see the fur
I would so because those are popular
right now I want to take this velvet
give us this one wouldn't show up very
good this one how pretty for this be for
Valentine's Day
hey you guys else's bad how a storybook
character day babe
what did you guys do anything special
nope just a normal game we're finally
back home and it's time for us to change
I think I'm gonna head to the gym I
realize they have childcare at night
that's a new thing as far as I know and
Symphony has been asking me to go a lot
think we're gonna go to movie
trying to find Juliet when it's time to
go and what do I see little sneaky bunny
staring at me sneaky sneaky bunny we're
going to the clubhouse Oh be careful so
funny that I found her in there you guys
because I can smell the poopoo and
she needs a new diaper let's all head to
the gym together hey baby
we're gonna go bye behind you guys
sunset over there is so beautiful the
colors are not reading the same way on
the screen as they are in person but oh
my goodness it's gorgeous
alright guys this is a big moment Joe
has gone home and I'm about to celebrate
a very big moment you guys can recall I
replace all that under there well I had
to go background whole-house the outside
of it and level it well I'm pretty much
back where I started which is right in
this area and the outside of the house
it's finally level huge job that has
finally complete it feels so good taking
my 6 foot level from putting it in the
inside of house and just seeing all the
levelness of it it's really proud
feeling pretty crazy I know it looks
crazy but it's strong so anyway a lot of
you guys keep asking when I just level
the whole house or destroy the whole
house and start over here's the reason
guys first of all this is a whole lot of
material you get rid of all this would
been probably 20 grand at least and I
didn't want to spend that second of all
I don't have a desire to build a brand
new house from the ground up third of
all I really enjoy turning nothing into
something
I guess there would be nothing here but
it's it's more pleasurable to see where
it was and see where it's going it's
funner to me and last but not least I've
explained before I'm not in a hurry to
get this done look at this as a hobby
you guys this is a hobby for me I'm not
in a super big hurry to build a house
out here like people generally are when
they're building house they want to get
it done so they can get inside of it we
have a house we have a trailer out here
this is a hobby and I'm hiring people on
the side to help me do big jobs get the
big jobs on faster but I'm gonna have a
hand in every single thing that happens
this house no matter what it is I'm not
going to hire a single person to do one
big job where I don't even see what
happens in that area you know I'm saying
it's a hobby for me I'm not a hurry
I want the hobby to last so there you go
there's the answer
prep time random man hey girl hey see
our papers we're with them again cutting
out triangles oh wait I got a little
lettering set in today I don't know if
it's gonna help me out or not but I'm
gonna give it a shot so I'm gonna
practice with my amazing new Tumbo brush
I'm super excited
in 15 oh you guys look at that oh my
gosh sandy are you seeing this it's a
really like firm pin so when you go up
and then you put this down it like works
this is the one that Katie was saying
she doesn't like holy moly this is the
game to Sadie's point that is not a
perfectly shaped Jim I think the day
wasn't her finger shaped she's totally
implied it but I was kind of not looking
cuz I was looking in the screen and oh
my god I'm so excited it was so worth
the money to get a nice first pin Wow
I've been using really cheap one later
okay guys I kind of just left sandy to
the crafting over there I got carried
away too baby I'm sorry but you got a
clue good no but while she was glue in
hi my new pin and they drew this oh my
gosh I was just asking her today
how do people write on such small pieces
of paper that you can just tell I'm
almost done we're gonna get a boomerang
and I'll show you guys the final product
but I'm just so stinking excited if you
haven't been able to nail the lettering
you've got to get the tombow beginner
lettering set it was 16 dollars when I
ordered it yesterday and I was like man
that's a little bit pricey for some pins
but I really think it's gonna change up
how I do my lettering in its job
right I can't believe I wrote that that
looks like what the people on the
lettering instagrams right I mean I
totally messed up on my E and right here
what supposes that your word is truth
but I accidentally wrote a th and so I
wrote is B truth
all right guys comment of the day goes
to Joanne Ray Sam whenever you leave
something bad happens to Nia why is that
love you so much you make me laugh so
much
Thank You Jo and I really appreciate
that and hopefully nothing bad will
happen this time we'll just have to wait
and see but I'm praying nothing will
happen because it's frustrating for her
especially when has to do in a car but
every night we're gonna watch the lego
movie together he's back there waiting
for me hey bruh where are you and well
yeah well we gives them sleep and get to
work tomorrow
I totally posted today's vlog and
something went wrong and I didn't
realize that it went wrong until at
least 6:30 at night so I asked him I was
like would you rather me post it really
late or just save it for tomorrow I
guess he was busy and he didn't get back
to me until like I don't know a little
while later wasn't 7:00 yet that was
still in between 6:00 and 7:00 and he
was like I guess I might as well just
wait at this point so really sorry about
that you guys skipped vlog in the middle
of the week and the other day that was
totally my bad anyways though for
question of the day what is something
you like to do with your best friend I
really love quiet nights in with my best
friends especially ones like tonight
just me and Sandi crafting being silly
eating snack saying a way to lay and
just being ridiculous together we had so
much fun thanks for hanging out with us
tonight and all day long I hope you've
enjoyed it I had a wonderful day today
today I also filmed a video for Nia's
nest you guys should head over and check
that out it's all about 2018 must-haves
for me and my look was just totally like
crazy right now alright guys I'll see
you tomorrow don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other guys I
got an early Valentine's they give today
I used my iyx fan base and this thing is
awesome
I remember how isolated I felt as a man
how do you talk about this so okay there
are free fall
