sorry guys no vlog today but something
really fun coming up the seven second
challenge because this is the final
countdown okay so basically we're going
to challenge each other to do seven
things and under seven seconds or in
seven seconds or less
and whoever related to the baby a baby
theme seven second challenges have there
we go
right here make an acronym out of the
word baby um best ABS stupid of two
fellas okay your turn
how's a good one now name five baby
terms of endearment in seven seconds
shut up
adorable sweetie baby googoo gaga get
into the fetal position and hold it for
seven seconds what
it's so easy beavers also got a face or
make it shiny you off but well yeah cuz
you're like give me easy ones I'm not
back in seven seconds
bring back something right here that can
only be used for a baby seven six five
doll sizes but it's a baby stroller it's
not at all don't baby that's it only B
is for baby oh my gosh it is not fair
hello sir seven six five four three
oh where you're supposed to bring it
back but from the case maybe sure you
can also be used for a baby food
challenge so sorry next one for you well
not bear diaper this bear in seven
seconds or less alright ready go 1 2 3 4
5 6 7
boom oh you mastered that one that's
crazy that she said that one because my
third one no joke is change this baby
but bears diaper wiping the but at least
once in 7 seconds
you didn't even prepare to have a bear
in the diaper you did yeah I went to go
look for why I couldn't find a diaper
where'd you get the Packer from the
living room alright kept okay I gave you
real seconds I did one more thousand go
ahead go six five four three
and I was impressive swaddle this bear
correctly in seven seconds or less
remember but I'll try
Wow Nancy don't remember 1008 pretty
much though that's a cute little swaddle
yeah definitely need a refreshing on
that this is gonna really be on her that
one yeah this is a new one or anything
y'all bad huh house like admin eats up
for this one drink this baby food in
seven seconds
this applesauce and you're hungry so
should be easy ready go seven six five
four three
I can't do it what took like one swallow
name the first for age milestones of
baby hits so when you so age milestones
like get it at the age milestones
yeah 1 2 3 4 no isn't better awesome but
the first for the first for the first
for age milestone or cancer everything
else our list all right walking
I said age that's almost like do you get
what I'm saying no no okay so like I'll
give you an example like the first one
would be one week Oh
one day one week one month one year
wrong you skip six weeks eight weeks 12
weeks those are all milestones
especially six weeks that's one of the
biggest what above day two day three
it's not a milestone there's like
there's like real milestones and like
the baby parenting books and stuff like
that okay yeah no sorry
one point for me because that was not a
good challenge I should get like four
points for that one let's try this again
this was him named seven names that we
considered for our kids
oh okay okay Joseph Josie harmony Harper
Evelyn Elinor good job oh I only got six
else is incest enough Fred you know you
didn't do um Lucy wouldn't consider Lucy
oh yeah in seven seconds or less sing
rockabyebaby while hopping on one foot
okay Rock my baby I'm tree table with
in-laws credible rock whether I could go
home you know name the top two changes
you'd like to see in me
Juliette arrives in seven seconds or
less um not not need eight hours of
sleep every night and um be able to
multitask this stuff around the house I
don't know but that's the top two
changes I don't even know how it was
like what even is there pretty good
she doesn't wanna see any changes maybe
cuz that hard for her think of changes
your legs
oh maybe cook more I don't know too late
baby you had your chance
oh yeah this is the last one this is my
seventh one so in seven seconds or less
name our kids by first middle and last
name plus birthday plus time of versus
yeah I'm a bird
that's impossible I can do it but that's
seven seconds I think I could come on
just like the birthdays are part
I know you just try that names in the
birthdays full names and birthdays full
names kidding sipping a pro raider
September 23rd July 23rd 2010 let's save
a simulator September number I don't
want to laughing so high just hit that I
knew this member would 18th yeah cetera
18 to 2009 we got married in 2009 so
that wouldn't mean Abram was a year
older 2015 13 Terry was a victim was
last year Abram wouldn't even be here
opiate okay so this my last one that
wasn't fair you made me look really
stupid oh no no I did it but in seven
seconds due to sit-ups and two push-ups
you're not even supposed to do sit-ups
when you're pregnant I know that's the
hope I could do push-ups but you haven't
let me be the pregnancy time I'll cross
my six that stood up okay I need like a
pillow you have to lay behind one yeah
ah okay it's not your fault you're
pregnant you're right it's your fault
come back tomorrow for our regular
scheduled logs today we didn't do very
much that just did some work around the
house Nia went out and visited with
Sandy I put up a ceiling fan oh wait I
forgot to mention I did go to Symphony
school for the first time and had lunch
with her tomorrow is the last day of
school right I'm so glad you did it
before this I'm not your kid my first
time getting to eat lunch with her as a
primer yeah last day of school oh yeah
you guys got to come back tomorrow she's
graduating how can we forget to let you
guys know that I'm she's graduating yes
oh my gosh yeah that's a big day it is a
big day all right guys don't forget we
love you Lumi and remember to meet each
other each other
No
