good morning are you ready to go bye-bye
with me man Abram are off to a really
cool place in our town people travel
from all over to come to this place and
it is right down the road from us
literally like five miles and it is hams
peach orchard I'm sure some of you have
heard of it my favorite while I'm
pregnant they have peach ice cream and I
had a nightmare last night Sam you know
what it was we got there and they were
like I'm so sorry I our ice cream
machines are down I know
nightmare for me and my pregnant self
but I'm gonna get some fresh fruit to
the house best for itself our friends
are here I see them I made it my friend
Nicole here I don't think you guys have
met her yet she needs a high school
friend of Mines has more children
somebody's agent under there and so
we're gonna have a playdate this is my
friend Nicole we've come cute this is
Sally's I need to get me some new mommy
hair my neighbor Lucy I see we went to
high school together and our husbands
grew up together like from birth or
something yeah really do they act a lot
of like yeah her husband's a lot like
say I'm really really over-the-top goofy
I got all this handmade stuff it is
amazing in here and then I spend I have
t-shirts cookies baked goods woven
baskets fresh produce oh this is what we
came for yeah yeah yeah I've been
pregnant each time in the summer and
they're my crazy I'm gonna get a couple
of these
this is Abraham's cool buddy you got
swirl
can you tell miss Nicole thank you
there's mine but I'm gonna be living on
this once you have it you can't just not
have it again for the next few days for
your pleasure a little Sam it's so weird
like how cute you guys are so adorable
and big Jesus behave our way out there
he's picking me flowers
thank you thank you so much
oh okay guys we're down to eight days
left eight more days means eight more
toys kind of and so Sam is going to have
daddy Duty for a little while while I go
out and get bait things for each kid you
guys know that song Eric and I made
daddy duty kicking my booty
yeah with symphony we had a big sister
bag for her waiting at the hospital she
had no idea so now we're gonna have a
big sister and a big brother bag to give
away when Julian makes her little
appearance I'm sorry but what about a
big Daddy bag the whole point of these
Big Brother Big Sister bags is to have
things that a Behrman symphony open in
the hospital while a lot of people are
coming to see the new baby that is just
for them that make them feel very
special and loved by mommy and daddy
kind of just for mommy though because
I'm the one stuck in a hospital bed and
I'm the one I can't get up and do things
for them and I'm literally just like
holding and nursing and other babies
that they've never seen before I'm gonna
start crying
a pink one for Symphony vanilla cupcake
for Abraham I'll just do the regular
goldfish and they can share okay so the
next stop is jammies I think it's a
really cute idea to have a new fresh set
of jammies for when we're all home for
the first time together as a family
because the first couple of nights
they'll be with Nana and my mom
I guess something like that and so I
want them to have a new pair of PJ's to
put on either when they go with them or
when we're all home together so let's
see here this looks like Abraham's type
of jammies you probably would want these
oh I don't see a Tootsie and the
Superman or a 3t next stop and the next
few stop and there's the toilet sittin
is getting her clothes all did closed
properly
yeah what you going in your birthday
suit what are you wearing hey really
come on PJ day you can wear your flipper
PJ's it can be so if you have to bring
like a teddy bear something yeah you can
bring one of your favorite stuff David
this is what I want to bring this one
okay sup guys what aren't you excited
for tomorrow do I get to come with you
today
I'll come eat lunch with you my PJs be
so fun
hey you guys doing today just done
hanging up here around the house you
brought home a whole bunch of peaches I
still what kind of hurts from how many I
ate you can't blame my bed in your
panties panties I ran your panties in my
bed
Perry boy panties are you wearing undies
are you my undo buddy yeah take my
shorts off all right I'll take them off
yay anybody hey wonder buddies do what
do they do them go party DD go party
do you want to jump I'm not showing you
the thumbnail for yesterday she hasn't
seen it yet you're so mean
look guys look there's a cat in the
shadow ever leave the shadow you're
stepping on the key you found baby
sister baby scissors come over here you
can see it better
yeah let's get ready to bag the kids
hospital fun surprise get backs wait Big
Brother Big Sister bag Oh Big Brother
Big Sister bags
Big Daddy bag what's that again I'm
gonna be in the hospital too
it's gonna be so exciting for them
you're such a great mom thinking about
little things like this you are it's so
awesome I really want to have like at
least two or three minutes alone with
symphony before Abram comes in and so I
think Avery's job is gonna be to go get
these bags out of the car with Aunt
Rachel or uncle Andrew or somebody while
Symphony is meeting the baby for the
first time and then Abram will come in
with the bags meet the baby Symphony can
have her back for something like that
what do you think Sam now we're ready to
stuff up new pair of PJ's Ariel PJ's
front Beto pan perfect for the hospital
and this is my favorite a mommy-daughter
mermaid or adorbs pour Symphony and
Julia that's a big symphony I don't know
little picnic play-doh set that's cute
okay Sam are you ready for a brooms now
yes this is real excited for you got
something big over here a bowling set
doc mcstuffins don't you think you'll
like that certainly although the teeth
goldfishes chattering his favourite
Mickey Mouse BJ's hug it out hug it out
we hug it out a lot Abram and I he got a
little play-doh set to a beach set ooh
he's gonna love this
Captain America do you see how I kind of
tried to tell their stuff in together
like she got a Barbie he got now yeah
good good I wonder why he took so long
maybe so static with these that's too
cute you have no clothes or something
now that you know how to get up there I
don't know that's the thing about this
house we're not very many hiding places
what do you guys think what do you do
for your kids when you have new babies
we want to hear all about it since you
have new babies all the time some of you
have new babies and siblings some of you
guys have like five and seven to ten
kids call me over there comment of the
day time comes from
h-holly hair oh that's hard how do you
feel about daily vlogging with your
spouse and family in the aftermath of
the Gina Gina and Jessi's prank vs.
prank breakup I feel like Jesse had a
good point when he said that vlogging
can be toxic on a relationship and he's
absolutely right but I think anything
can be toxic in a relationship and
especially in a marriage my perspective
in a nutshell is this when you make
anything in this world an idol such as
money vlogging a career your partner
yourself that brings toxicity into your
life geez their verbiage because those
things are short-lived
they'll always fail you and what we
naturally long for something everlasting
and the only place we can find some
the everlasting is up there you guys
know that thank god I know that but
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other
