thank you ma'am
good morning everyone being symfony off
to school and then I have a doctor's
appointment and errands to run company
what's on your agenda for the day it's
an agenda first I go to school then you
have Chapel right Chapel and do you know
what your elective is today it's a
Monday you know no um not sure it's
raining cats and dogs out here I have to
go so far away like around this building
around another building and then around
another building not covered thank
goodness thank you reach Rockwall for
the umbrella
my mother-in-law used this umbrella one
day I left it in our car and I forgot it
was in here but I said he had I could
use it it's big yay here's the guys are
debugging so far in the rain with no
umbrella there's no there's never any
parking at this office I'm so thankful
have this umbrella
I can't finger oMG you guys this girl
and me have gained five pounds in seven
days I don't think you're supposed to
gain that much in one week even though
it's the very end of my pregnancy so see
the doctor says anything about that I
don't think she will I've still only
gained 21 pounds the whole pregnancy so
that's not bad but at this point the
baby is gaining one pound per week and
so I guess really
I gained forward and she gained Warrens
doctor will come in we'll hear her
heartbeat go over some details really
talking to her today about how I want
things to go after the surgery because
with symphony I did not get what I
wanted it wasn't really anyone's fault
it kind of was but that's another story
for another day but anyways I also had
complications after my surgery with her
I was vomiting rip to stitch whatever
and I was able to breastfeed her right
away
and it totally screwed everything up
with breastfeeding but with Abram I told
my doctor up front and really sternly
like I want him on me I don't care if
I've ripped a stitch like he'll be up
here breastfeeding and my stitch can be
down there being fixed by somebody and
that's how I won I mean I wasn't knocked
out or anything I just couldn't hold him
very well by myself I needed say it's
helped a little bit but I was propped up
by pillows I'm it's perfect and it
started out our nursing journey really
good good morning guys I've been here
alone for most of the afternoon building
Juliet's crib man I think took a long
time probably mostly because I put one
of the sides upside down Oreo
I'm having to drink water out of my
hydrofloss today because I lost my
plastic water bottle and it's crazy how
much less water I drink when I don't
have that thing but anyway Nia wants me
to make something to place this little
hook on and for Juliet's room I guess
she wants to hang one thing from it she
didn't want to get one with a lot of him
on it because her room so small and she
has a lot of decor for it so I'm going
to figure out something to put on the
back of this so that's what I'm going to
be whipping together here we cut a piece
off there about here and just um router
the edges to look pretty
this is water rowers
you
just like a little plaque send out these
little fibers right here paint it to
match your room and this will be the
first thing I've ever made you Liette
have to put my initials in the back
okay y'all that was my last OB
appointment
I'm officially just gonna go into
surgery next Wednesday unless things
progress before then but okay so Aaron
number one we're off to t.j.maxx to get
a hamper for Juliet's nursery not really
what I was looking for here it's a
bummer I really thought I was gonna find
what I wanted here ah I really just want
like something like this but all white I
don't want great it's really all I'm
looking for this is the closest thing
and it's just not gonna work I wanted
white that's too close to the color of
her room that means I have to stop
somewhere else or to come back another
time she's gonna be here next week she's
gonna have dirty clothes right away
she's gonna need her own little hamper
okay bad Bath and Beyond is our name
sorted TJ Max and I found one like I
wanted it's just white it's kind of a
wicker
I don't know if I really really want
this order knocks out being picky now I
just don't really know if it goes well
if it's just too white I mean they had
like a cream-colored one guy couldn't
get this little baby Ezra Jack he's so
sleepy I just fed him so he has a little
bit of enough on his on his chin oh my
god she's a cute
your little friend will be here soon
she'll be here in just a week and a half
goodness I can't wait to take pictures
of those side-by-side they're gonna be
so cute I wonder she's gonna be bigger
than him literally I think she's gonna
be chubby yeah he's 15 really so he lost
almost a pound thanks my heart flutter
my guy says no children allowed honey
you can do it if you want to break the
rules we are going to go buy some baby
food and mattress and some other stuff
today with Symphony's first day of her
last week of school how'd it feel sis it
feel like me in the years going up party
and win last night Sam is like really
infatuated with the buggies like he's
never seen him before in this point
hey dude this really can be doing this
but Julia gets here we can put her seat
shopping in second limo basket
how long it is you just hear all the
moms that watch our vlog right now crap
enough at you are being so typical dad
right
okay so here's the thing about nee and
I've done challenges we don't watch a
bunch of them to learn exactly how they
do it you know exactly how it's done
oh I thought we just blindfold each
other and I like suddenly pull and pull
the buying process
can we see what yes I know we're not so
seen each other's bank but we're gonna
have to kind of see it
I want to let Symphony and Abram pick it
out we're gonna do nine each because
there's nine days in the final kept down
but to do that every day and dr. kute is
all of the kids and I don't want to do
that when I get to one I want to make
sure you don't get just the trick to get
some point
I can't help but cheat Sam's getting all
the meat ones that's not fair I'm
pregnant
huh you don't even got any pairs of any
enemy has ever got any good work no me
you already see a little arrow hook yeah
just gonna see how it turned out
and then payment wait let me get the
part that goes with it I kind of feel
like I should've got better wood for it
instead of yellow pine shere Khan's out
that pretty I made up redoing it it's
pretty easy to do smells good
today my feet are swollen I have not had
swollen feet very much this pregnancy
it's really uncomfortable by the way
those of you who have not experienced
swollen feet like ever
whether it's pregnancy related or not it
is an uncomfortable feeling like you
think it would just be oh your feet look
fat but no it feels like tight like you
can't move them properly but I've been
on my feet all day long it's 6 p.m. I've
been up since 6:30 this morning and I'm
just they're swelling so I'm elevating
my feet everyone's outside playing I'm
cooking dinner just baking in the oven
and so I'm just going to relax for a
minute its package of the day I'm not
sure they sent this to us and I'm not
sure if maybe they got it from our
register yacht but um it is fun oh it's
from LeAnn Holloman we've been pretty
afriend since like we started vlogging
oh that's so precious how do you feel in
early yet every I think there's more
sympathy she can do this for me or do it
for Julia thank you so much
