hey guys I just got back from church and
the most perfect thing just happened my
brother's invited themselves over to my
house perfect
so we're gonna pull a prank on them I
got a GoPro hidden right there inside
the vacuum instead of a sock
Nia's got her amniotic fluid ready
here's our amniotic fluid she's gonna
hide it in and order right yeah and then
when they get here
how soon when they get here you gotta
tell him that you're in pain so just
kind of make it a lot of idea I've been
cramping all day well every time a kid
sees me he's like Mia I can't believe
you're so pregnant like it's perfect
Matthew has a son Nicky touch my belly
this I'm really in pain when you touch
it I'm with sorry I'm having a
contraction having a lot of them today
yeah I think what I want to do is if
they sit on the couch I want to like be
walking over to sit next to one of them
offer them something great okay I don't
want to offer this an injury I think if
I have to do too much of my hands I'm
not gonna be able like like squeeze no
eloquently well you know one where it
doesn't look weird is only fake like out
like you know where it's like
natural-looking you have to be able to
like focus I may end up having to sit
down I feel he's gonna need the weight
of my body on the bag no just put it
between your legs upside down you
squeeze the living water all I can have
it I can charge like oh my gosh then
that that's what always oh I don't know
what do we do with this until I get here
I don't want to have it in me put in
your bra
hey guys they're here guys oh my god
who's here who's super uncle is so cute
you want to have oh hey bro
a little get zippy you okay hey I know
you're running to me someone comes in
mid or they have our little contraption
over looks like a ping I don't even know
what to do yeah thanks for water broke
holy smokes again didn't leave the
hospital
we'll just go to the car the hospital
res go to the car let's get in the car
are you having contractions
see Adrian's righteous antioxidant track
why should my water broke call the
doctor yes her water broke
water from a wonderful that's enough I
think we should go to the dr. kieny we
know she was telling me to tell him if
there's like six in a book but you're
watering all night and you're Barbara
why do you want to roam free can McBean
leave over my 36 hours I know I think
you should still be in the hospital 36
now happen at any time are you having
pain I was but now I'm kind of freaking
out I don't even know what technical on
you
he water broke it I mean there's
possibly about to go into labor and ever
before she's supposed to happen it's
like two weeks but she's been officially
in labor for the past like five minutes
he's been officially in labor for the
past like five days alaria simmers like
I think it's just that I really think
the Alicia's the baguette wasn't what
that was like your water broke
we got to get out of here I know sure is
so serious about us no calm down calm
down
- did we get you in yeah you got me oh
no it's really funny I never actually
see my brother's before
short vlog today guys but that was
hilarious wasn't it we actually had not
even planned on vlog entire room and
took the day off and my brother my
brother's asked if they could come over
which up out of nowhere just a perfect
opportunity to catch them off guard and
you know I think you were good okay but
we want to explain something that we're
gonna be doing with you guys for the
next 10 days it's the final countdown 10
more days guys the Juliet's here she's
gonna be here in 10 days unless she
comes early and we want to do a really
fun interactive countdown with you guys
so every day we're going to include the
number of the day so today's number 10
so it's like 10 days left big prank on
our brothers and tomorrow is number 9
and we have a fun thing planned for you
guys and some things planned throughout
the next few days and nine days nine
days yeah and apart from that we're
going to do something else like at the
end of every vlog instead of gonna
comment of the day we do scenario
scenario scenario or the day scenario we
forgot what it's like to be parents to
newborn and we're about to be
outnumbered by our children so we want
to prepare for the best way possible for
example just like basic things that you
do around the house like how do we work
as a team and avoid having arguments and
stuff like that and juggling a newborn
I'm gonna be nursing Sam will be helping
me out with the baby you know what I
mean just a little recovering I'll have
the other two kids mothers most of the
time so we just want to prepare for that
yeah we want to talk about it before it
actually happens anyways guys we are
just so excited to do this with you all
and if you haven't already make sure to
subscribe because as you can see we have
a lot of fun stuff coming up and as
always don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
you can make
shelter
