going to jail I don't want to go to jail
again
wait not again I've never been to jail
so last night I discovered a letter on
my desk I don't know how long it had
been sitting there but I opened it to
learn that I have a warrant out for my
arrest yes that's right I can be
arrested at any moment okay so if you
guys remember any kept xscape in the
yard and Oreo was going out with her I
guess at some point the security of the
animal control wrote me five five
citations I didn't know I had these
tickets I don't remember signing
anything so all this was new news to me
Sony is going to drive today I'm gonna
get this taken care of today so don't go
to jail for adopting a couple dogs okay
I know it's not for adopting the dogs is
for being irresponsible
the dogs I've adopted I know but it's
still just really frustrating so we're
off to go make some donations we got a
lot of stuff here simply is going to
help us unload
you got it or should we set these Dodie
just right there just set them right
there sweetie you got an idea what's
your idea man good job
what you guys that girl was my friend
Courtney's little sister and she has
been staying at this place and that's
what the reason why we like to donate
our stuff here one of the reasons this
place they do like a resale shop and the
profits and the proceeds go to moms with
young children abused mothers and just
women in general who need help getting
on their feet and getting their life put
back together again I'm gonna cry he's
off sad and sweet just seemed up just
seeing her she's straightened her life
up so much I wanted to share that with
Symphony but I was talking back maybe we
can share them and lend us is going to
get per feed but anyways I've just I'm
just like Phil I don't know bless that
there are corporations and businesses
out there that that take care of that
specific group of women hi guys guess
where we're at again yep that's where I
want to make the kids of sandbox I've
been wanting to make them a sandwich for
a long time but as you guys are all well
aware of we are having another child
soon and I need to get the backyard
ready for the kids I haven't done a
sandbox because I get very caught up on
like details and like being I guess
affectionate at things yeah it's my word
so I've been started to build one and
now here I am at Home Depot and I feel
like I'm about to chicken out again but
I'm not I'm not under I'm going to get
this down from kids every do you want to
sandbox what
what uh what uh railings you want a
sandbox all right
you're good at this and the elephant
with the purple mouth uh-huh
that's cute all right we're adding the
purple strips now look at the Darby
buddy tripod whoa
mr. self our hearing with Home Depot by
doggy say bye doggy no you don't to say
the save part to say bye doggy thank God
yeah there you we're all done we're
trying to find a spot on the wall to
hang it so right here what are you
thinking right here you think right here
hmm
okay you want to get that baby would
he's gonna go sneak on and get in any
right all right bring it over here are
you gonna help me load this one we're
gonna get twelve four by fours instead
of a 6 5 2 by 6 I think that's what's a
lot of people use put both hands
underneath
okay lift it come on
oh man what forget about it dad
all right I'll get it buddy did you make
that miss mommy that is too cute to talk
you guys this week that will remain I'm
going to make three sand boxes look this
isn't really gonna go are you doing
kidding honey I laid him out in three
places just so it looks like we could
put it here Tony here in between these
trees you'll put yours right there you
guys are going to share one I don't mind
here you want it right here I thought
this would be a good spot I almost
thought it'd be cool to put it around
one of the trees be pretty cool
make it bigger no not bigger you want it
right there I like it right here because
we can put like for patio furniture
right there nice and easily yeah I don't
like it right there I don't like it
stepping out the door into it sand when
it rains it's like that what do you guys
think these are good spots all three of
these because that's where the most
shade is that in our yard what I need to
do these let's cut them up and get rid
of them I could have used those for the
frame of the sandbox what that'd be kind
of cool because the wood is so bad look
at that do it
oh you know you could do though if you
cut them up you could make little seats
for them in the sandpit
this looks having a baby log I thought
about making one of those sand boxes
with benches that open and close but
they're just too small I know I could
have made a bigger one and I still can
this is just a frame of it that's all
this is
look at all that really for the holes in
our yard oh hey that's awesome
hey how about we go get L'Oreal to help
us sure so I'm just using our old logs
here good thing saimdang get rid of them
yet
okay stop you're making me hungry
when I said brownie yes wonderful
brownies no yeah this makes me when I
look at in brownies good news everyone
triple whammy
perfect yeah that was delicious
all right dig yeah
daddy I'm a link into every single part
really well you did a great job and it's
really good oh he didn't stir thank you
one more one more bike I got you a cup
no no drink
they were over in the package of the day
this says to Sam and family from
Kathleen hopper all the way from Tulsa
Oklahoma hi Kathleen look every mitts
you knocks and who's that Titus
let's tell us like door yeah like you
get the color yeah you can you guys can
color tomorrow you guys say thanks
Kathleen Thank You Kathleen
thank you so much
castling it goo so much
Kathleen comment of the day goes to
Mackenzie Cooper thanks for watching our
Channel Mackenzie we see you on there a
lot but your question is is that a
scratch on Symphony's eyebrow yes it is
I guess it's a scratch it's more of an
abrasion type bruise or something like a
bruise /scratch she got whacked in the
face by a hula-hoop better schooled by
one of her friends I was like so did you
cry she was like yeah I did but she
cried too because she was really mad at
herself for hurting me cuz we're BFFs
Lizzie really knows the story I got it's
adorable
so we'll see you guys smile don't forget
as always we love you and remember to
love each other bye
me shout
