good morning guys at you we're gonna go
see baby as well that's right we're off
to go see baby Ezra and it is not
morning as you can see we have symphony
in the car with us it is almost five
o'clock we're starting to fall kind of
late today guys because me and I were
really tired us this morning
I went to bed at 3:30 in the morning
grab this grab the end of it like you're
grabbing your other hand
okay now put the arm up here like this
there you go yeah there you go yeah
have you seen anybody do that in so long
you're sitting there graduation photo
here's the other one
okay we're coming Abramson beneath this
is where we had you can our entire
series room is let's just go inside
daddy I already know where oh you know
because I see something about it it's
that one Oh Eric you make that baby look
real tiny yeah can't come in Vicky do
it'll be me calling them right down
telling you I think he smells my milk hi
is reversing oh really how's it annoying
yes hey you my baby too everyone got a
girlfriend ever give her a hug buddy
you missed it ever got a girlfriend
Sadie's doing so good I feel so thankful
that she went first
she went first with cuff I went first
with a broom with our second yes she
went first with our third also called
megaphone she said that her recovery has
been really good compared to the other
two all right it's time and it's time to
pick out a rug for Juliet's room that
time was going to come one day or
another so why not now which one do you
want babe let's do this one this is nice
no way oh wow this one's nice which one
do you love let's just do something
simple like this there's a shag rug just
popped out of there nice to do the same
thing as kid and climb in every little
hole I could find when I Mamta do you
like one more something actually did as
a teenager - yeah I do like that I don't
know we're gonna get this to put in the
hallway dress up our hallway a little
bit you know that's what we have
currently oh yeah this little dark he
should stick to everything just like a
lighter the house is so small it ESN
April down the road just some white
shine and it's not like we have like
leaves or something
it's very subtle the lady this is all
right I like this I like the one above
it all right I like that for Stephanie's
room so go to to try guys
no luck on the rugs here at Lowe's at
least for Juliet's room we did get one
for the hallway we always get what we
didn't come for hi honey I'm gonna go to
Target the same as the one - this is
something I think you could probably do
on my mom they're getting ready
no not lift it shop for the workers I
posted for you that's because it takes
time the kids are running around I don't
know I just hate shopping I'll be there
I'll be there to help you I mean no oil
look at this guy
seven to go hi girls for the kids as
soon as we got chilly she was like oh
you have two boys in two and you're
having two girls as well that's my
husband right here it's the only wack
and research helping me symphony we see
yours too we're here to check out the
run ready to talk Sam internal ever oh
my god I prefer red
how do you know oh this is how you do oh
my gosh thank you I'll be over here guys
bye alright we found a rock sitting do
you like this rug my world
it's like wormy it's reminds me of
something out of a movie it looks like
um ruffian a mini a seaman mini
M&E where the family oh wow so our
counter said a word an enemy I'm enemy
is that anything here anatomy
okay next thing guys we're going
shopping for some parents he came at
surprise that we're not telling you what
we're doing just no getting further
pillow not yes we got the rug yeah yes
what you guys get
we're going to try it out there's
something about it that looks like a
bathroom
so we'll see I don't know say a bathroom
rug you know doesn't part of it your
bathroom issue now looks like me and
Asuma I see an M&E so you remember clear
so cute my room then uncle my room
that's me
maybe it will just go in your room Avery
look at your big fullback hmm
I missed it hose get a broom see how
this works out yeah let's see we need
that tape stuff I knew we shouldn't have
to I don't think we do need to I think
that would be too much like we just need
it yeah that would have been way too
much I don't like it I don't like it
right there I don't think you should go
to see it from the entrance I think you
should walk into the hallway and it
takes up just the hallway right about
there huh I like it yeah works pretty
good
that's working guys the rug is working
the rug is working simply it works
for the record he claimed that horrible
mess last night I mean perfectly I went
to the hospital and stayed with Sandy
for a few hours and I came home to very
few feathers around the house just very
minimal I've just been sitting here
working on a wreath yes I am still
working on wreaths I still had some
orders in my little um cachet my Etsy so
I'm working on this patriotic wreath
what do you guys think it looks really
cute in this viewfinder comment of the
day goes to May number two and her
comment kind of is an interesting one
that I saw repeated throughout today's
comment feed and said why was the
feather vacuuming so amusing and I've
just got to say I felt the same way
watching him vacuum that up when I watch
the vlog back today I was like oh my
gosh I kind of wish that I got to do
some of that it looks so interesting
somebody else I don't remember the name
had said something like wow I just want
to go buy a bunch of pillows and a
vacuum just so I can make that mess and
clean it up like it looks so amusing
just so I clean up all that soft
feathery goodness and how it was just
like so eloquently flowing into the
vacuum
I was watching our Dyson fill up before
he went to go get this shot back and I
was like wow this is really mesmerizing
anyways I just thought that was funny
but I'm glad you guys liked the pillow
fight we had a lot of fun with it the
kids were talking about it all day today
and it's just gonna be such a fun thing
to look back on like this big family
thing we did within our own home before
we added a third child like that's only
something special that a Berman Symphony
you're gonna have and I don't know
there's something really really deep and
meaningful about that to me so anyways
guys don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
but then mister
