good morning everyone
how's it going meat and Bubby's are up
early and ready to conquer this day he's
going potty he's acting I see why you're
acting silly did you go poopoo you did
oh I do this I know why are you playing
with that so that's a no-no let me have
it thank you you ready to get wiped yeah
sometimes he goes into total baby mode I
don't know what happened oh thank you
gentlemen
helping a big I got a big box coming
through let's go paint it's super rainy
here today it's kind of chilly so I have
Abram dressed up in winter and I'm all
dressed like summertime it's crazy
whenever I came on that you wanna paint
one of your first pieces okay oh oh
now make them put it no no no putting on
the box there you go wipe it on the box
there you go it's starting to rain you
know we just came out like oh now you're
dry your booty got a wet though what
color were you just painting blue mm-hmm
morning guys I've been out all morning
hanging out with Heath helping him make
a pergola at his house but we are so
close to hitting 500,000 subscribers
look at that we're gonna do a special
tonight you guys have already seen it
but time uses video hope you guys like
this the pillow fight I'm sure we had a
blast we haven't made it yet but using
it we're all excited about it though
well we are all excited
yeah they don't know yet but
Wow 500,000 it just snuck up on us so
fast guys in the past couple weeks we
were gonna have a party with all of our
friends when it happened but what do you
have time to plan it so just really
snuck up yeah so the celebration was
kind of an impromptu I'm talking we just
decided to do it actually right before I
got home 70 more to go guys we'll keep
you updated okay guys we'll miss all
this exciting celebration there is
another celebration going on somewhere
else and that's the hospital sandy just
had her baby
we got a tags he is so chunky and cute
oh my gosh I cannot wait to hold him I'm
gonna take them some of this bread that
we got at Costco yesterday and I'm
taking my diffuser up there so that I
can diffuse some joy and peppermint for
her that's what's recommended for um
postpartum mamas and so I'm gonna go get
that going and visit for a little bit
before I pick symfony up from school and
then we'll come home for our big big
celebration
oh please she's taking the baby away for
like two seconds I'll show you guys a
picture just in about MIDI album he
looks like calf that is crazy we're at
four hundred and ninety nine thousand
nine hundred and ninety eight and Here I
am in my attic for the first time is
that crazy in my attic for the first
time ever five hundred thousand
subscribers check it out guys here now I
see why that's how you do it oh I got to
put this in there first forgot about
that huh I did it I actually did it
look at that it's beautiful man it's
pretty cool when you can add your skill
set like that you know not as dumb as I
thought I was we're getting ready for a
pillow fight he's trying to pick
something for Abram to wear hat by man
for a pillow fight you ready for the
food way simply what's your status
you're naked your status the naked
pretty shirt on she opened up all
pillows for us I bought for today at
Costco Nia bought two more at Walmart oh
she bought three more I think four is
gonna be enough but we bought those just
in case we want some extra Heather fun
yeah even has the party salsa and cheese
going look at this we are pardoned for
real going down don't make out cute new
works what's this thing what's this say
choose happy see you symphony youtube
stop yes I'm sure a lot of you guys have
probably already asked a question why
are we doing a pillow fight for 500k sub
party well why not a pillow fight that's
the question you should be asking why
not a family pillow fight it doesn't get
funner than that well it does your
father actually
you can have a food fight it's a great
idea actually let's put this fan on high
I get this little box fan here to keep
it this direction this is the room
before and after look at this holy moley
hmm crazy my hat got buried in here
somewhere
there it is okay guys I gotta clean this
up I bet all of this mess will fit in
this little box what do you guys think
Oh
I got a long way to go back there
obviously but you guys get the point so
guys before we go we do want to do
something else to show that we do love
you guys we remind you every day that we
love you and remember to love each other
and there's something we want to do for
you guys to celebrate this milestone of
500,000 subscribers basically guys we
have been feeling led to just give back
you guys invest in our family you watch
us from day to day
and we want to take the time to give
back to you guys Sony and I have an
allotted fund that we want to give to a
family fan basic family who watches us
who's in need of something specific for
example maybe need a new air conditioner
maybe your kids are sleeping on the
floor they need a new bed maybe it's you
guys have a refrigerator that half way
works I don't know what the problem
might be maybe any anything like that
to be considered for this giveaway we
would like for you guys to email us at
Sam and Nia at yahoo.com and title your
email 500k giveaway and we're gonna be
sorting through those emails we would
like for you to keep it four sentences
or under and we're looking for families
yeah we want to keep it a family with
children and when you write the email
guys under four sentences please and
leave your name number and H just so we
can fit with you consider those and call
you if we need to obviously all that's
going to remain private you know we just
feel blessed by you guys so blessed
about what's going on on you know with
our family right now and we really have
a heart to get back to you guys somehow
we thought this would be the best way
and I just want to throw out there too
that the person and the family that we
go it will be determined after a lots of
prayer and lawful conversation that me
and Sam we're having it's not just going
to be like fly by the seat of our pants
random choosing this is a
the Lord to lead us to don't forget guys
we love you we do love you all 500,000
of you oh yeah and remember to love each
other
