look at that sweet little baby ponytail
let her finally made it to her own house
you're gonna miss me know she's trying
to take good morning everyone
cut it out for a playdate today it's
freezing but we're gonna go snuggle up
at Sandy's and hang out we've got some
new friends coming over that you guys
haven't seen in a while it's getting
awesome before we head out on our play
date we have to return a couple of books
from our trip to the library a few weeks
ago they're a little overdue look who
finally made it to her own house she was
taking him to school because it's icy
outside so he got to go to school like
really late today and now that I'm here
sandhya asked me to rewrite on her
chalkboard on our girls night we had
like ceramic cigars I think so guys the
batteries kept dying on me at the
playdate so you really didn't get to see
like any of the play day it was a lot of
fun though but one of the little girls
that was there sells something and I got
Sam one for okay hey how'd you know yeah
the chocolate peanut butter leaf okay
only for Oklahoma why don't open these
in this house because I am working out
every day in 2018 and I don't need this
going into my body I only got one box my
mind I do my cooking's there for him to
whoever's in Oklahoma - a kitchen bit
yeah you can sure - I think y'all
delicious next time I eat I'm just gonna
dump two more on your face
doors already it's already time can't go
outside it's too cold we see it do you
want more say please please okay
all right guys no nut broke little boy
just got it all loaded up my toes in the
back of the truck shouldn't go anywhere
I should probably just stand here once
been told you back there so those
no-good stolen cuz once those are stolen
there's no more working for me that's
all I got and that's just a bare minimum
yeah I got the bare minimum right now hi
I've gone back so soon to Oklahoma
because all next week I'm staying home
and all weekend and we just decided best
that I go now you know he's no I just
got home what to does go bad every day
three days ago just got back three days
ago frankly I need a longer break
through this not used to this quick
turnaround you know usually I get home
and I get in the home mode and then I'm
ready to go back out but now it's like
I'd even get to change modes you know I
didn't get any relief from all that work
I guess and the cold up going back out
here we've got a new movie for Oklahoma
yet closely cause what Oh what was that
free wasn't a $7 woody don't know
Godfrey Oh carts three
have you seen cars Hey
are you sad duty you're such a crazy
cute baby pumping around your way you're
gonna miss me my first I was feeling
like this is a great decision because
he's gonna get the itch to go at a very
bad time
yeah too busy so I was like man this is
such a great cool am fulfilling letdown
now that it's happening you're like
really taking and I'm dirty I'm gonna
have the itch to go we're gonna get it
at the wrong time that's the problem
yeah I'll get it all in there I don't
need it I have to do it I gotta know not
the same as what you fainting you
already tell that you redid every room I
don't care no what I was thinking was we
should totally wait and like totally
refresh the kitchen again like new
cabinets new door I know you worked hard
on the cabinets
they're still just so hard to maintain
speed yeah that's not happening 'king of
another coat of paint new cabinets
doesn't happen but I got a beginning
paint Symphony has finished her back I
just did her hair I like to put a little
bio soap in it brush it and put it in a
nice slicked-back ponytail for her
and stay cool you take Elise's no she's
trying to tickle you easy laughing about
it
I still heard tickling me but she's over
there I just used to film now yeah I'm
not tickling at me everywhere I go all
right now Josie has her biosilk hair and
her low pony look at that sweet little
baby ponytail it's so cute
hey that Symphony's hot cocoa
what a treat Symphony was freezing after
the bat so I had to make her some
motivation for this homework all right
we just finished doing our practice
tests for those words you just saw
symphony writing and she did wonder she
missed three words out of 22 afraid
again and beat weak and she really
didn't really like really really gonna
wrong just like kind of left a letter
out here and here like for afraid she
left the eye out again she just put an
extra letter in and for between she
kinda mixed up her W and her in so that
one's a little bit more of an exception
but she did really really good I totally
think she's gonna make it 100 tomorrow
and you'll have to come back to find out
though we are gonna go ahead and say
goodnight
should we let Symphony do comment of the
day in question of the day comment of
the day comes from Carly Brown OMG when
Symphony was playing with Juliet's hair
that was the cutest thing ever that one
- really yeah alright guys and now it's
time for question of the day symphony do
you have a question for our viewers what
your um favorite your day ooh what's
your favorite time of the day and
looking mighty that because she wants it
somebody's having a little last-minute
snack you know the boys are gonna Juliet
one source that but anyways guys we will
see you all tomorrow we're gonna do fun
things we're gonna have a fun great
weekend
I think you're fun because um it's
storybook character to my office ah oh
yeah you guys will have to come back
tomorrow to see who symphony dresses up
at who do you guys think symphonies
gonna be let us know in the comments
below there's a ton of Disney characters
out there there's a ton of storybook
characters that aren't even related to
Disney so tell us your favorite story
about character tell us who you think
Tiffany's gonna dress up as and we will
see you guys tomorrow don't forget we
love you
love each other oh I'm praying nothing
will happen because little sneaky
bunnies all right guys this is a big
moment
