there's something wiggling under my
covers I can't figure out what it would
be it's wiggling
it's a morning symphony
good morning graduation girl morning
mommy it's picture day are you ready for
mommy and daddy to come take pictures at
your school
Jenny's and crack house huh no just
picture day morning everyone
it is just about go time I hear Abram up
and about that is mommy we could be high
oh yeah
do you go get doughnuts first yeah yeah
you got something all over your shirt
hey this is perfect for today dad
strength hmm a big carrot nerd out - you
hear this camping is a little trike
all right on like an apple fritter
please some doughnut holes okay and a
squatchy and
go ahead and go in my gel not where's
your donut it's like this guy back here
mommy's get here donut laughing from way
back there he's dumped you we got you
not yes Nonna
something out there can open it for him
he's like what oh boy
I'm done this I'm importing the pictures
on the same computer right now I'm going
to choose them for the parents and print
them out we're going to send them to
school with symphony tomorrow it's not
cool
this is like the funnest way of
volunteer work that we've worked a
symphony school so far oh my gosh what
is this look at that face go ask him for
a turn it's so funny I cannot believe we
just did graduation pictures for our
firstborn like oh don't touch the
keyboard okay guys are you ready to see
the finished product for the baby named
boards I was showing you yesterday so
here is baby
and she'll be using it tomorrow
tonight it's all done and all of its
sparkly good news
everything got cute fuzzy flowers in
there
lots of sparkle hiding what do you guys
say it's all done already love it and
I'm gonna go and hang it on her door now
now all my kids have something hanging
on their doors that I made them let's
get symphonies back over there
Symphony Hazari Juliet has hers this was
a worm's hospital hangar it's kind of
gotten smudged over the last couple of
years I need to revamp it are you guys
ready to witness a defining moment in
Abrams life put him to bed without pop
up with the first and now sound Noah
come on hey little guy you pinky
oh he didn't make it
upp want to clean him okay I'll put him
in a washer we have all your stuff
honestly I wasn't expecting that at all
he's been doing so good with potty
training lately I thought he's gonna
wake up dry out in fact sometimes he
does wake up with nothing in his pull-up
but that's okay I think it's paramount
as a parent to be prepared for the
unexpected because if you're not you're
going to get angry and cranky and
overall I think you're just a better
parent better father
you're more patient and you just know
that things are not going to go your way
this was a good test cuz this guy just
did a number on me and when I say number
I mean number one and number two yeah
seriously we're getting our mom here on
again Dana gives birth tomorrow
Ezra coming out so we got to get our
hair did this before
hey Jenny's back I'm back at Kenny's
back in tagging trainer oh oh did
somebody say that oh yeah people we're
saying that you don't like her ass all
that no what is that a compliment to you
not so know any other way cuter yeah
overlay totally way cuter no no no much
mmm what's that fun I'm trying to like
make it flow yeah no no hey y'all let's
go skip all my grams toner time doctor
oh here comes a pen or pencil ooh that's
fun
to me it's gonna be a blonde am i I'm
not gonna look like a blonde no no it'll
still look like I have brunette hair you
didn't do anything much up here oh there
is some of theirs out a little bit just
coming alright the color looks good she
added a little bit more oh my goodness I
mean love the way that that looks it
does look really want on it okay I love
you good luck I'll see you tomorrow
all right everyone can your hair like me
tomorrow please yes pray for my besties
just have it baby number three number
three you have your name board I need it
why your hair is awesome dude I love it
this little things Thanks um you notice
nothing about me
well you dyed her hair I mean I just
retouched it she did a little lighter
looks good and look yeah we noticed a
little bit pretty thank you do you like
my hair
it's very summery cosmo wholesale it's
not caught collar I hate with people
call companies buy short name you know
what I mean it just bugs like Walmart's
not Walmart
yeah should we get you guys another one
cuz this is all we're getting for dinner
what the strokes down home what is that
what is this you guys it's a tutu honey
keep walking see it now you don't have
to - hey baby
she's baby clothes
I'm passing on my shopping habits to
both Symphony and Abram this is a third
off come down I thought I was over here
somewhere we pass it now a mile of
crunch basket is getting heavy guys
we're kind of getting fully loaded this
time because we haven't gone shopping in
a long time and I'm having withdrawal
symptoms for my healthy diet not even
joking I usually have a green juice
twice a day I haven't had a past couple
days and I feel like I'm starting to get
symptomatic it's really strange and we
got this cool shopping cooler because
Costco so far from where we live
won't ever have an excuse not to go
shopping before doing something wrong
Paul I do little chocolate sticks yeah
they're Pocky swords Abram the Pocky
swords swords play swords with me oh you
are - okay you get two they don't have
oh yeah we check last time he goes out
last night
of the past couple nights we were out of
popcorn and last night I was literally
craving I was like here I'm kidding me
we're that out of groceries that we
don't have pop huh yeah it was like a
major craving just get a couple of those
these things right here guys are maize
balls okay I mean they're just easy to
grab healthy to eat and they're they
could just give you this vitality that
you otherwise want to get from I did
sorry sorry buddy
Tiffany you're getting ahead of the girl
you may have to sell how long you're
gonna be five and a half for similar
you've been five and a half erm you
might wrap your is my birthday do you
even know how close that is how close is
it she turns away like what does he say
look at me he said you I have a pull-up
on do you need to go potty
no you don't have a pull-up on buddy
Danny go potty you see the basement it's
pretty basically he's overwhelmed by how
cute that swimming pool was oh man
you're such your mommy daddy's child
like miniature things okay are we done
um the eyebrows do you need to go potty
there you go
you want it oh my gosh is it really the
whole car go down
oh yeah that's heavy look what I got for
DC no one's probably gonna make what is
it butter try every time to relax honey
healthy no no it is so so good I am
confirming it's like the best like
bakery Thai bread I've had like it's not
homemade it tastes the best primer
behind that doesn't have frosting all
right well I hope you guys had a good
day we had a great night at GC the guys
and girls separated and just kind of got
personal each other's a kind of smaller
group it was really nice after all of us
guys were done sharing the things in our
life what when you prayer for I feel
like what we came to conclusion is this
is that we all have a god-shaped hole in
us and just like a square peg can't fit
around hole nothing or anyone cannot fit
that god-shaped hole in us other than
God and there's nothing we can do about
it except fill it with him otherwise
we'll have it an empty hole we'll never
be satisfied anyway
hey comment of the day definitely has to
go to Rebecca Shoop she said my daughter
was due on May 24th I started getting
nauseated with the Braxton Hicks well
she decided to come early on May 10th
she's a week old today she's our fourth
child but third daughter so far so good
there's still no Juliet we will see what
tomorrow brings
we never know but until then as always
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other
but they missed
