morning everyone I am at the doctor's
office a bit of Juliette and Whataburger
I brought my breakfast message I'm not
super late like one minute Li so kind of
on time Sandhya I do that school drop
off this morning together it's bright
and early and she ended up driving
because it's pouring down rain when she
got to my house and so I don't have my
makeup with me you'll have to excuse the
I just woke up and I get to school face
you guys know what that face is like
right mom's okay let's go check on
Juliette morning guys every man I are
working on the hallway right now I'm
just replacing my house on like cheap
little compressor does this thing oh
shoot
so we're printing this cool blue one on
huh can you hold that for me here I put
it right there can you hold it for me
right yet yes thanks man I gotta tighten
it up where you hold it for me I gained
two pounds last week I'm listening okay
we're gonna hear the heartbeat
hey dr. Wilson I my cute doctor here
your patient is it work
and that was super fast to visit but the
doctor did say that everything is
perfect
she was the word perfect wait your blood
pressure everything so that's good she
didn't check my blood levels though so I
don't know about the iron but I know how
I feel good and she didn't see you need
to check it again so I guess well then
let's hear the great news okay it's not
that great I mean it's good crazy news
Oh woo guess what my doctor just
confirmed what she said that I am an
early labor she said stay in there she
did she was like you'll probably still
make it maybe thirty nine weeks which is
I'm scheduled at 39 weeks she was like
you're probably still going to make it
but you are in early labor I told her
that I've been having Braxton Hicks I
told her where the pain is coming from
and I told her that I've been nauseous
and she said nauseous at the same time
with the Braxton Hicks is early labor
she was like honey I don't know if
you're gonna make it but hang in there
you're doing really good everything's
perfect so take that way you take it
that way we're making crafts engineer
Sandy's delivering in two days your
Sandy's little name board that I'm
making not done with it yet but this
will say Ezra very soon
there's Juliette's little stash just
gonna fit I know right cuz yours is so
thick okay as Rome is watching me ha ha
ha ha so what's that black thing it's
all hange with the power tools ha ha
look you guys baby Juliet baby I'm
through I got something for you come
here
safety goggles oh look at the camera you
ought to cut a piece of wood yeah easy
oh this is the handle
well hearing over to go you ready you
got keep this hand away
you can't pick it moment all your
cutting buddy that's dangerous like you
looked at your eyes going down
all those the pieces you cut buddy
you're a little man a bro and sis is a
little her new Gaga hey I got one of the
entryways done honey if you want to see
it I do you want to see that are you
keep saying we're into it well it's just
not a door jamb anymore
you can't fit a door here just flat
smooth even a little bit bigger than it
was
what did you do with the outside she's
talking about this Symphony is going to
do her homework for the first time ever
at her new desk the super kids album
you're so little sitting there else how
do you like having your own space look
in the picture oh mama what do you see -
Sal are cleaning the inside of Doc's
treehouse so helps the dog bear it's not
a big earth worm is it an earthworm wait
cami what if it's a baby snake it's
probably not it's just an earthworm it's
not oh you like it is okay we can say
she's gonna throw daddy
all round
okay hug no Colton are you gonna
catch that and get it out of my house
get out dinner's cooking y'all Asiago
chicken pasta with sun-dried tomatoes
and spinach and kale can't find my
husband that I cooked dinner for there
he is still working dinnertime
okay you two hands I carry this camera
it's really heavy going downstairs
you're wanted to just take you from oh
wow okay don't just mean English mr.
noon it looks beautiful to our children
outside please um I'm Jesus oh no you're
not they're red lentil noodles oh I gave
the kids as a side spinach uncooked and
Symphony is ecstatic that she's eating
leaves these leaves are edible mommy can
I eat them are you serious yes you
started eating salad no they're leaves
that's what I put in my salad yeah that
is what daddy makes a salad out of fine
I need it right now you just want to eat
it in nature because it's a leaf
all right that's all you wanted to do
the hallways finally finished you guys
wanna get it
go look at it guys it's worth it Sam did
a really really really good job
it's so nice to finally be efficient at
renovating when I first started doing
this it took me a week sometime months
to finish a single room like this room
remember me forever yeah but I think
that's a testament to efficiency you got
to work hard at the beginning you got to
do your time a lot of repetition to get
to the point where you're efficient at
something it took me two days to do
symphonies room and the hallway it's
pretty proud of myself that looks pretty
awesome and it just feels so nice to be
in those rooms but anyway
if you guys are doing something try to
learn something new or photography a lot
of people love photography and they give
up so quickly because they find that
it's not as easy as it looks you got to
keep taking the photos you got to keep
doing it you got to keep at it and
that's hey get efficient at something
today was an example of that but anyway
let's take Owen of the day how you go I
found it I found exactly the one it's
from Lena cough okay and she said Sam I
like how you always worked hard for your
family you inspire me every day to get
up and do something creative and
appreciate life and I have just got to
say you guys those of you who've been
around for a long time like Sam talks
about getting up and getting around and
it's a struggle for him and I feel like
you have just been an inspirational dad
and husband lately I feel proud of you
no one doesn't tell you that - I'm kind
of blushing I'm emotional and cry it's
so weird anyways guys
yeah we'll see you guys tomorrow for
some tomorrow's photography day for me
I'm taking a break
doing anything in the house and I am
taking pictures of symphonies class
tomorrow so it smells photography day
for me don't forget as always we love
you and remember to love each other did
you realize that yes
for MST
