good morning guys how we going today we
are not making it to church because
Abram still seems too sick to go me yeah
somebody has a cough but she doesn't
seem as sick as Abram damn pot poison
ivy poison oak something while we were
doing the photo shoot last night so I am
making him an ointment I don't know it
whittles I use Pinterest a lot when I'm
trying to figure out what to do with
different you know remedies and it's
Pinterest suggested a soap like
something that you put into your bath
with different oils and salt and stuff
like that but I'm making an ointment
that you can rub on the affected areas
peppermint soothes the itching and tea
tree fights the infection or the poison
that's in your skin I'm not sure what
lavender does yet I'll have to look like
I mixed it in because pincher said to
these are the remnants of Sunday morning
that's the ammonia's house the kids have
been painting every morning I love it I
don't even care about this mess because
it keeps them out of the front of the TV
because otherwise especially when
they're sick that's just all they want
they just beg and beg and beg for the TV
so we've been just printing out these
little coloring pages you can't even
tell that to Joy Elsa and the sloth from
Zootopia
shopkins petkins to fun crafty morning
for the kids it was a line guys that
came down some poison over pours in
heavy care of my wrists here on my knee
pretty sure I have some on my face
inside my beard I got put some of this
lotion EMA
that kid is so cute make your own lotion
for me
he's so sweet I've tried a little bit on
top of my hand but oh wow really huh
no it's really hard nothing what's it
supposed to leave it out it returned to
well mommy so good to us
mm-hmm I'm putting it on I got a dude
put me on my blinker I mean D on my way
matter already looking better we are we
made it our home away from home depot
Symphony goes favorite miss amber will
say come on sis
oh it's okay what'd she say
what's she saying is we're ladies if you
need to take our time apart voices ahead
of y'all you gotta hop to it baby go
ahead anyone do it yeah when you go at
work yes we're okay with taking the kids
in Home Depot sick but not the church so
let's pick our hallway color
no see I was thinking marine so these
are the cause of the kitchen kind of
like but but off your altar yeah mid
peach and then that yellow yes I was
fine that yellow okay Sam you don't
never guess what's on Netflix I just sat
down to fold laundry well house the
sandlot saying lot it's on Netflix
that's so exciting
we chose the yellow color because we
want it to flow nicely from the kitchen
into the hallway because you're gonna be
able to see the hallway from store this
is going to be an entryway and we want
the hallway to floor nicely into Julia
turn so you guys I'm going to save for a
couple more days yeah there's a nice
color oh my goodness I can't believe we
live in this house so long and never
done our hallway there's so many things
in this house I know right it's
something that's been on in the back of
my mind since we lived here so it's
really nice just to get it out of the
way as you remodeled two rooms twice
before doing the whole one more dish a
nice okay let's watch this transition ah
I love it I love it I love it I really
do
I really do love it oh my gosh what do
you guys think that is a sweet yellow
what do you think of that yeah I love it
I color my have a banana
no no what does it remind you of it
reminds me of like a chick like a baby
chicken son okay son baby chick banana
you never fell asleep today and yeah you
covered his mic mark daddy Ricky come on
don't look what daddy's doing yo yo yeah
can we help
no oh we gotta go get pink clothes on
okay Abram go get nakey
he saved doesn't even like it you guys I
could tell he stood back here like this
hey and then he went back to pay
remember that he said that was
underneath the wallpaper oh I see what
you're saying it could be one shade
lighter it could be I mean radios I want
to get on something bright like a lemon
but you insisted on something a little
bit lemon would not look good up against
his mint that's two neon ish it needs me
pale yeah well we can't leave it like
this let's go pick a different yellow
what your decision okay the whole house
I love it
you don't I love it I love this color
look at it leading into the symphonies
purple okay so let's just make it clear
like that does not blend in it's not
banana inside of the banana job said
exactly the inside oh it looks like the
inside let's see
all right it's pretty it is pretty close
to the inside of the banana hahaha
your sis you got to fit the paint are
you gonna eat a banana while you're
painting a banana wall all right kiddo
well that's when I can start our color
on each it's okay it's okay
clam is wanting like legit yep I'm
thinking this one not that one and it's
called a beef
I'm liking soft Buttercup right up here
okay
which one
I think that's $2 with both
okay this is all right let's see what
name got here hahaha no dude what are
you doing it's just easier just throw it
on there I think we're going to go
alright look at this sweet girl up here
don't say her own fan light I think
tonight maybe we'll sleep on the bottom
bunk so that way I can wash your black
top right okay okay
you're doing so good already looks so
much better
no I uh now I have oh you did all the
tops now you can do the bottom right
that one oh Emily tricky to get out lie
down you did it though you're doing a
good job
really Wow okay mommy I'm unique nursery
is coming along we're still waiting on
her furniture though so we can't quite
show you guys yet but so good oh my gosh
yeah we don't like the light bulbs look
at this looks like somebody peed up and
down our walls like an elephant came
from here just like sprayed us smoking
in the hallway yeah we're smoking yeah I
know what we're thinking it's horrible
it's portable hey man what are you doing
in here that is new so throw this one
away I've been using this one for years
oh yeah I know how I got poison oak back
there but you do oh don't worry you know
have you been using your ointment today
just on my hands no place to spend a
check
Oh what did to you all over this morning
so it seems like it may be helped
comment of the day goes to Rayanne leek
kind of goes to more than just her she
said I came upon your family's video
when you did the belly cast and I
immediately subscribed I love your vlogs
and how happy / inspirational you all
are so I thought it would be a good time
to take this moment and welcome all the
newcomers to our channel welcome to the
channel welcome to our life it's
exciting to see the fan base it grow
yeah thank you Rayanne for pointing that
out
yeah don't forget as always we love you
and remember to love each other bye
but they missed
we shout your father
mr.
