good morning guys it's photoshoot day I
am getting ready I just took my shower
and I'm getting ready to curl my hair
curls better when it's dirty so I didn't
wash my hair I put the kids down a
little early for a nap so that they're
all rested and happy and Sam has been
painting so I think he's the only one
I'm gonna have trouble getting ready on
time so we'll see this shower steam
thing worked pretty good my dress looks
ten times better than looked yesterday
still has a couple wrinkles towards the
bottom but I mean I've seen Sam edit out
wrinkles so hopefully if it looks bad
she'll just edit it out the photographer
so anyways do you guys want to get ready
with me
I just spread a little bit of my hair
off
okay my cute little pink Nikolas Wade's
in and 3:30 we have about 30 minutes
Abrams giving you guys a first little
insight to our outfit theme it's very
basic
um not gonna mommy you're going with
mommy yeah
can I come no daddy you have become good
at your family thing put your head this
is her part it's um more towards the
dresser nor towards the nursery yeah
like you're combing it too far too
towards you close to you hey buddy look
right here and we're off everyone's
dressed well it repeats his shoes on
still but they're behind my seat and I
know I did a little heavy on the makeup
today but it's because it's kind of hot
outside and I'd go in a sweat some of it
off before we get started while we're
driving there we have about a 15-minute
drive I wanted to share with you guys
some photos from my majority session
with symphony and with AJ so here's one
from April session
big sister there's another one
okay and then this is from Symphony Sam
was simply Panama so he worked he works
so hard on that purple area I will never
forget
I mean seriously like I can remember to
this day hi guys we have three minutes
to uh shoot as a turtle trying to cross
the road I gotta save this guy this time
I'm going to take them to the side he's
trying to get to last time I brought him
to the side he was coming from and we
were coming back he was smashed because
it got right back in the road hey coke I
guess I'll sit in back I'm Sam hi Sam
it's nice to meet Lucy
no swearing that I feel like I know you
from Facebook and everything really not
on purpose right buddy I'm gonna go
backwards Wow apart my crazy driving you
better hold on it does feel really
really good out here
I'm really lucked out with the weather I
actually brought this for you guys so
you could get through the deck so I
don't know if they're gonna cooperate
but you guys want to try shaky video
beautiful we wait for the Sun to get
down a little bit lower for some better
lighting I mean she can prepare with
bread feed the ducks it's awesome good
that's a good photographer right there
so hey everything with a lot of goodness
even and guys or no no we really can't
like I mean I guess you can take a bike
take this one right look
one of them had laid an egg yeah
mommy we're going here it's probably
from Easter time right
you see these ducks don't like the bread
they're just like looking at it running
and these guys are cute
the
you
so after this photo shoot woman go eat
some ice cream right
maybe if what if I'm good right it means
a rumor yet do I have to be good to you
yeah yeah
and baby
just like our
everything has been just right
ministership the weather amazing the
light everybody looks great
this guy's breaking down let's get this
car moving you guys ready to go yeah
said she wants a close-up no we can roll
we're good I think we should move for
this guy just a little bit he is just
not feeling it today someone like him to
be acting like he is he's just demanding
mommy but I finally get him to calm down
in my lap you know take some pictures no
more pictures no more pictures he's like
that he doesn't like to be in front of
the camera he likes to be behind the
camera right buddy hey but you need to
be in front of the camera because you're
so beautiful people love to see you
throw up oh no it's just a dead fish
welcome to the country yeah why ain't
such a good mood now yeah I'm watching
whoa dude I'm a mess I know right
what were we thinking soon as we got in
the car we got the kids ice cream a room
was a small brook tauzer then we weren't
even out there that long well I wasn't
prepared yet the long dirty man yeah
Abram was all perky in the car he's been
pretty perky since we got home he's oh
so clean kind of sick
mood has changed well we'll see if we
got some good pictures I think we did
though she showed us some so we have
some visitors
so Matteo and Andrea yeah here that
somehow you think we're gonna do a
special reveal of the nursery you guys
don't get to see that but looking pretty
good let me just say that much what do
you think Matt well what colors to the
hallway be I was thinking about a bright
yellow like a lemon yellow pink girl I
just got done covering a room for pink I
never doing that again
I like great you know to kind of go with
this thing I like great life you can
interesting oh I haven't thought about
great I'm thinking with yellow great
might go good with all the rooms yeah
very light gray at Antoni be good ten
agree I said great but I did say a
neutral color like you're saying
good night buddy I'll come see you in
just a second
check it out uncle very true he's taking
that uncle choo-choo good night buddy
all right the house is nice and quiet
now and I could get cozy Maddy get her
after she takes comment at the day yes
you get something man
I don't know what's gotten into me
lately guys I don't know it's because of
the pregnancy overdoing myself at the
pregnancy there I'm just exhausted
lately like it might be overworking
myself and I think I need her no wrist
what are you thinking like that what did
she look at me why did she look at me
like that no really though I've been
like so tired I've been going to bed
after 1:00 a.m. every night and tonight
I'm trying to make it in before 11:00
you get your khamenei going faster being
that of the great no one gets me
it's from Anna Philippi AK why is
Symphony not in school that's what she
wanted no because she had field trip
week
yeah shed field trip week which was not
super mandatory like they really
encouraged us to go but if she like if
we couldn't make it because of our work
schedule and we didn't feel comfortable
with the kids riding with other parents
it was excused so we missed two of those
days two out of four and she doesn't go
to school on Fridays which was yesterday
so it was like she had three days off
this weekend which is full two days okay
guys we'll see you tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other each other and I got my breast
feeding station set up
but then mister
