a sandwich usually has a salmon side
because it's a sandwich one guy's
breakfast here
hey guys it will not the presort buddy
don't eat it can you pray you go
please let the food be this is food and
help us kill B a plus B period and we're
healthy hey helpful in Jesus name Amen
both of you today Abram and I are gonna
go get haircuts together right buddy
yeah that you really need a haircut
right yeah
we were right there cuz you got really
funny you got really long here and there
right where oh this one right here this
one no right right yeah oh you want some
salsa to differ say what you think and
what you have what you have to pay so
are you asking why do I have to paint
know what do you have to pay Abram
upgraded to a big boy chair lady - she
officially done with the high chair
mother she's done with it
I mean I'm does never use it anymore
symphonie figured out what Abram was
trying to say what is he trying to say
what your high boy breakfast is over
apparently did everyone all the energy
they needed
you ready to go get haircut oh we're
gonna get dressed buddy good boy haircut
look who's here hey yo we're gonna tiny
guy
yeah together Abrams first little hard
part here it goes all right try not to
move buddy okay but guys might help keep
it real still
oh my
dude that is a rad part that is kind of
accentuates the part of your let me see
that's so cool dude shy buddy oh that's
all god oh my you're all done
Katelyn you rock thank you hey is that
not the cutest little haircut
you both look awesome hi guys um right
now I'm just sitting on the couch
wiggling now I'm just gonna sing a
little song and I made her you think I
have
so only necklace that magic oh you guys
wanna go on a journey with me it's
called I don't know I thought everything
yet I heard it look at this you don't
realize how many doors you have to tell
you have to tape them all off guys
tomorrow we're doing maternity photos
and I went and took my dress to the dry
cleaners today and they would not press
it for me I was like we have all of
today and we have half of tomorrow cuz
you're only open half day I'm not going
to show you guys what I'm wearing but I
made a Facebook post inside do any of
our local friends have a steamer that I
can borrow several several people told
me to try hanging it up in the bathroom
with a shower on hot so we'll see
try that first uh-oh I can't oh we have
a predicament I can't get to the dry
cleaners or the shower I need to get in
the bathroom and hands my dress up for
tomorrow all right
Oh picks up for ya I'm hoping that this
technique will work for his shirt too
I've got a froggy at the bakery I said
Barbie we are going to do a prediction
of what Juliet is gonna look like right
yep birth prediction is not just what
she'll look like but what date she'll
fall on it turn Abram down here so we
can focus make a baby booth see your
future baby let's see what this predicts
our baby to look like yeah babies are
usually pretty olive just turn it a
little bit I remember yeah I guess so
get ready smile hey oh my gosh when you
were doing it I was like why is he
having such a hard time in ah see okay
there we go that's pretty good we had a
buy it for a dollar see her baby we paid
a dollar for that are you freakin kid
what are we looking her baby's gonna
have a mustache and huge teeth that's my
teeth and your amethyst oh my gosh like
Sir John Berger guys it's horrible okay
Lilly Robinson said she thinks that
she'll be born on May 28th which is
early 7 pounds she thinks she'll look
like Sam and have blue eyes neither
Tiffany nor Abram had blue eyes and I
don't have boy particular and brown is
the dominant eye color I think she will
get born in a few days may 20th she will
look like both of you like an angel
can't wait to see her also I think
she'll have Sam's eyes May 20th that's
Andy's wedding anniversary and that is
next Friday
okay week from today oh I think she look
like a mixture of both but more like me
as six pounds seven ounces 19 inches
long and the 27th of May
I think May 27th look like Nia seven
pounds six ounces Jordan Jones says May
27th that's been a popular date 7 pounds
2 ounces blonde hair like Sam but looks
more like Nia we need to be probably
keeping that day open okay it's a Friday
so we have no school
plans okay good make sure we don't
schedule anything but that's also
Andrews birthday weekend so we may have
like a family thing but that's okay I
mean yeah good lubricant yeah
June 3rd 7 pounds 8 ounces and she'll
have Nia's eyes may 27th 8 pounds 3
ounces 21 inches Nia and blue eyes
another may 27 21 inches long that was
my prediction too so go for your shade
and eight pounds three ounces was close
to my prediction yeah so Shia think
you're gonna be right oh my gosh y'all
my friend Emily the one who lives in
another state she said we played this
game with Symphony and she was born that
same night dot dot dot is this a trick
question
Oh people think 7 pounds 5 ounces 19
inches long on June 1st my friend
Courtney you guys know with the cute red
hair she said 6 pounds 9 ounces 20
inches long I think show how Sam's face
but with your eyes and picturing such a
cute healthy little precious baby
I love doing this you guys it's just so
fun checking okay I saw this on the web
for what is their baby going to look
like morphing not comes to it all the
donors just overlaying our faces over
each other so I'm gonna take it maybe
like do my eyebrows your mouth cut out
all your facial hair yeah your nose okay
like that
what do you guys think does that look
like us anyway we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other bye
but they missed
