what was fun a good push play
oh yeah squirt gun yeah straight you in
the face with this did you like that
yeah oh it's doing you you're shooting
your walkie walkie no morning guys
we're just organizing inside is up and
at it here you got our badgers in here
organizing a couple funny things happens
when the kids went out back and they
painted a batch one of the law calls
tiffany string from the bathroom oh she
was pooping said you grows my poop looks
like a banana and symphony has pretended
she's pregnant all morning when you're
gonna have that baby when a pang a nap
time you're gonna have it she's gonna
deliver it you can't deliver Abram it's
it's at that time
Oh while you're napping the big things
come up in Abram let's pretend he's
going to the beach now where's your
towel buddy and umbrella
you get your little princess purse out
here at the beach don't go too far out
guys I hear the currents pretty strong
out there
I decided I'm going to go and redo the
hallway well I'm doing Juliet's room
that's the only room other than the
restrooms that I haven't redone haven't
put the trim on the bottom actually I
didn't put this trim in the living room
eater sauce here always so dull you guys
want to see the progress in Stephanie's
room
she just had a nap time it's probably a
little messy let's see
skip it is I see a shoe right there not
too bad though got her little area over
here this is like her reading corner and
I'm gonna probably get some sort of bean
bag or something for this area because I
really like the idea of a reading corner
and maybe do something else with all
horses like they could probably really
go over in that corner over there Wow
cool do you love it sis be honest it
actually looked in are pretty good it
looks really good and I showed a shelf
she sold the dresser that belongs to
Oreo we haven't even given that to yet
let's go give it to her what I want to
explain something just like to you and
them too so like I was really unsure
about the white on top of the paint so I
tied in little various pink things and
this is like symphonies baby nursery
like what is the word number belly oh
yeah memorabilia like this was there
that was that like that's cool thank you
I'm gonna turn up and I'm gonna get her
a little stool where you look he's dead
of it there you go
she's such a little chicken that's his
perfect for her because she has a
chicken where is that chicken
it's a rooster or yo hey at yours look
that's yours do you like it it's yours
girl take it easy
instant penetration easy to apply safe
your children wait what you poop didn't
you
this stuff is impossible to get off
without that 50 years Emmy is so funny
50 years there it is that is crazy that
it's not on this thing after six years
I've only used this for one room and six
years later I still have it and it was
just right there in my pocket it's for
wallpaper looks little it perforates it
so the spray can penetrate it better and
to end so you can peel it off but almost
one of these today I'm going to do that
almost bought it
okay guys and now I'm at Walmart we are
taking dinner to some friends that had
their third little baby tonight and they
have two kids that are close to our kids
age someone do spaghetti and meatballs
my kids love spaghetti and meatballs and
so I thought this is something that
everybody likes
everyone likes spaghetti but it's
especially fun for the other two kiddos
as you know when you add a new sibling
kind of all about the new sibling and
you try your hardest not to as a parent
but I just thought you know from an
outsider I'll do my best to make
something fun for the kids and also
yummy for parents so where are the
meatballs I like to do dessert that's a
healthy little dessert simply coming out
look at the toilet that were your poop
look like this morning
you can't banana in there no yeah is
that way your poop look like no this
morning you'll announce that your poop
look like a banana you put a banana in
the time know what why do you care
that's all you poop look like no it was
smaller banana that's poop push it yeah
just flushes fun okay there you go see
my buddy video I read in a Christian
book years ago that you know it's common
for us women to serve other people and
forget to serve our own families or
husbands our kids fe2 and there's really
no reason for us to kind of skimp out on
their dinner because we're starving
other people you can simply serve them
both at the same time and make a little
bit extra so that's what I did and
that's what I practice you other mom is
out there serving your churches and your
communities I encourage you to do the
same
think of young hangers so this over here
was the work I did before reading the
instructions
on this side is the work I did after
reading the instructions so much cleaner
and nicely done
you're supposed to spray this on after
you peel the decorative layer and the
problems line was out so dumb I can't
believe I wasted on that bird look how
much cleaner yeah from that to that
worth in my mistakes
show
we are here we are here we are here bill
no way
oh gosh Sam told me the spaghetti smell
like you very kidding me dude minutes
how are you hey guys okay do we have
dinner how are you my camera's all
blurry for some reason okay come on now
go ahead oh my gosh look at their doggy
your Madam's house guys
I'll make a move din right down for my
hey thank you - look at that even I want
to hold them like how cute and had Matt
rent this out for me as we were leave me
she gave us this adorable baby shower is
for those of you don't know that track
and vlog they are a family vloggers and
they used to live in the Dallas area
anyways we're excited to have some
longer friends close by yeah we'll put a
link in the description guys
now let's go eat our own meatballs and
spaghetti
good meatballs were a little spicy hope
they weren't too spicy for the family
who took them too so Sam is needing a
scrub brush and we don't have one and my
parents used to make their own they
would take the bags from our oranges and
bunch them up and make a scrub brush on
it so I'm trying to make him one just to
see if it helps him in his process at
all I may be a b-bow and pop off special
you hold it right there he likes it
avocado bag are you Joe floral wire
never thought that I'd used that little
tactic but we don't have a scrub brush
insane he said kid we don't have a scrub
brush it's actually working
what it's actually working really cool
that I could help picking off the stuff
I can get Jimmy
oh just heard a noise in our back room
oh man you got to be joking me
Ashley looked kind of cool I had this
glue stick right here thought that would
hold up homeownership is not easy Sam is
still working on the hallway in there so
I don't know when he's gonna be done
with today but I wanted to go ahead and
do comment of the day for you guys it is
from Sierra meager it says you want to
know who's beautiful read the first word
to find out love it so thank you for
that positive encouraging comment Sierra
don't forget as always we love you and
remember to love each other
No
but then this
he shot you
