I know what I want to get hurt I'm gonna
get her new shoes you should do massage
yours
yeah thanks yours like a six is a shoe
size you know
Walmart is always open
yes it is always open even probably I
even on Mother's Day so that'd be
definitely except you decided on jeweler
said of Sheila that one for sure
can you guys guess what we're making her
for breakfast that's a pretty car though
she would actually really like that
pretty till we pour it in here your
pinch of salt is you thank you
okay daddy I can crack the egg no please
Oh
cinnamon Sufi and what does that mean
there you go
yep Eric turning my toes to make this
recipe thanks for special symphony
mother
you'll bring Bachelor and I bring it
okay happy Mother's Day
sissy you're so sweet you're recording
yeah oh my god Mother's Day for the best
mom in the world
thank you does it mean anything that's
here and then let's leave that favor Oh
- I wonder how much was it I loved it
movie or hate them it's delicious good
day happy Monday today hasn't such a
good drink
it was so sweet II woke up super early
got the kids ready for church made us
all breakfast
Brahmin to bed and I was like oh my gosh
we're eating in our new room whatever
drove cerebral Department but I did
comes in the bed obviously pit stall
service we was so sweet and now we're
heading to church the kids have their
little crafts for Nana that they made me
very quiet on the far right
weird potty training a broom on the
goats right now my corneas have a full
of month we brought two just in case we
don't accidents you can have my best
repair clothes and underwear so see oh
hey from I love it oh my gosh and I got
you a safari mom oh you loved you so
much
Evers got mister new news are you eating
new news working us girl now spitting
mother's there with my mom he was
Matthew and girly and is been working
out a lot
this guy gun show man your shawl where
are we buddy I'm Bebo's house we got
cutie a little gift for bebo shake shake
shake the gift those dry shorts
not a single pull-up today for this guy
oh cool they're apricots on the tree
this is a apricots can we pick one I
think this one has some bugs on it and
it's good but small you're good these
peaches how they do
I don't think so too but they're really
juicy it's right pick that one wait look
around don't just pick the first one you
see you want to look and hunt for the
best one cuz like these ones these are a
little bit juicier with this one here
looks nice you licking your lips over
here does that look like one you want
that's a good one you brought a salad
bar to be both for Mother's Day you know
a delicious one of that yes oh I'm so
glad you like my fly shirt
let's go see you buddy daddy takes after
me looking this guy is fascinated by
this toilet where what is that buddy a
breakdown that's a flush sure you push
the button in but you can't push it a
you go potty you want to go pausing this
awesome toilet yeah you do man
but yeah but look at what's what
dad it's a little low set thing when you
flush it makes it smell good but we're
hand here went in here the seat right
there go peepee you know get the blush
the cool toilet don't flush the cool to
where you can do it okay
Oh killer you can't do it are not you oh
there you go push yeah boom you're gonna
do it yeah but you can't push it till
you go potty
yeah that's a waste of water buddy tell
me down sideways hey baby what's your
gpf on this toilet
what's your get Kiev on this toilet oh
thank you go potty you can push the
toilet I feel like it I do it yeah oh
you're doing standing up okay
you can't do it you can do this he'll
handle it you got pigs you got this
Abram you got this I promise you go
potty you get to wash your hands if this
will bring so far move slippery so far
this over that so for thats over that's
it - oh oh - yeah no more that so me and
Symphony of an early morning tomorrow
it's field trip week at her school are
you so excited
tomorrow we go to the aquarium and we're
gonna see King ray yes
what was your favorite part of the day
when you open my prayer this is what
Symphony got me by the way she picked
this out and that's her and Abram in the
little hearts and the big heart is me
that he is was a wee little man and a
wee little man was he you're having a
party in here I love you thank you for a
good Mother's Day thank you you are such
a good son Hadley Jacob and you get
Carmen today because you summed up
pretty much everybody's question for
yesterday's vlog can't ask you about the
trap I'm gonna show you what the trap is
since you asked one more time
Star Wars fans when I'm talking visit
the baby has dropped you guys everyone
everywhere is like you are about to go
look at that I mean is just like so
heavy down this way and like right here
look get a close-up Sam like you can
push and there's like nothing there
there's no baby she is like all in here
it's
hard as a rock so does that mean you
might go into labor no I don't know like
when was your when were you expecting on
the labor June 6 was my original due
date and this usually they scheduled a
c-section a week ahead really why so you
don't go into lives
you don't yeah so you don't have
complications like that just kind of
silly my way maybe we should wait a week
I thought about asking her but I did go
into labor with Abram remember maybe and
it just wasn't progressing and she kind
of scared me and she was like we can
give you pitocin and if you still don't
dilate and all the epidural and
everything wears off and we still have
to do a c-section there's a chance you
could feel it or we'll have to put you
under completely under you don't want to
try it
oh my doctor said she won't she won't do
it be back oh well I'm another doctor
now really yeah she said she doesn't do
pest - oh I did ask I asked at my last
appointment what the chances were
because the sonographer was like seeming
like is hopeful because the baby's been
low this whole time and she's just
getting lower and lower which when you
carry high they still get lower and
lower but you know what I mean like it's
all just all that pressure down there's
getting softened up and stuff all right
guys I'm call it a night my friend his
baby's drunk or she drops off yeah that
would it be bad though we have our
bedroom ready now so I mean we just got
brand new carpet we're a bit tired so
anyways we'll see you guys tomorrow yeah
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
