Oh looking beautiful today
there's snow I'm home and I get to play
together
snow there's snow pretty it only stuck
to my sawdust in the backyard but isn't
it beautiful
oh it stuck to the trampoline a little
bit oh man we're gonna go make some
snowballs snowball talk kids you're
gonna make some snowballs now that my
outfit is all picked out ready to go
next step is for me to blow dry my hair
with my awesome Dyson hair dryer this
hair dryer has a powerful digital motor
at its heart combined with an Air
Multiplier technology and that's what
makes it dry your hair so fast guys look
at all of this volume in my hair it's
unbelievable and something that I have
never before experienced when
blow-drying my own hair seriously never
before this is just incredible and I'm
all ready for jury duty except I've got
a plan the weather is bad and I'm gonna
call as I'm headed out of town to see if
maybe this weather or something from
coming in but I'm not gonna just stay
here and wait for it because if they say
no the roads are fine you have to come
anyways then I'm gonna be really late if
I do that so I'm just gonna head out in
about 10 minutes and call right at 8
o'clock so
get off a dear baby I'm burning it up
Symphony schools delayed today he goes
in at 10:00
Avram who's not school today because the
roads are icy where are you snow oh yeah
let's look on the bench guys you're some
over here see if you can make something
with that
that's pretty funny Abram was added if I
go outside and making snowballs this
morning you don't want to go to karate
tonight he's like daddy gonna make
snowballs again gonna run eat it the
moment you got a society pathetic all
right it appears I get a snow day after
all three Duty was let out early and now
I'm here playing a board game with a
bruh I was just thinking while I was
sitting there like what are the odds I
have to go to jury duty on the day that
all of my family is home because of the
snow and the ice
all the Symphony is at school now so I
did miss out on that section of my day
but I got home before naptime I'm home
and I get to play alright so we're gonna
play this post card pals game we have
never played it before we look at our
cards we don't show our parts to each
other any player who has a matching pair
lays it down face up in front of them
okay now you hold them just like that
and don't show me them you need two
hands buddy I think this is a great Gert
does to me
and it's a man it's a broom has totally
kicked in my booty these are all my
matches these are all his matches all
right buddy it's time for you to draw
card now so now I have to draw another
card ooh did I get a match I did yes it
is your turn to take a card from me you
always take the one on the edge there
you go you got it back Juliet got into
another board game over here look at all
this two board games three board games
you little sneaker favor only has two
cards left but in order to win he still
has to draw the airline ticket so go
ahead and draw buddy is that the one you
want what is that
you got the airline ticket so when all
your cards are gone if that one's still
left you will win all right we're down
to the last card of the game Abram if
this is a match to your other card over
there then you have won the game you win
did you know that saying booyah when
someone wins is actually not very nice
but that's it eh I know but what if you
were playing with like a little friend
from school and it hurt their feelings
cuz I would be sad that they lost I'm
not sad that I lost you say that's not
nice do you know what you say when
someone when you win you hold out your
hand and you say good game partner oh
she wants to shake my hand girl let's
try that again I'm gonna say Abram you
won game good job do we say booyah new
say no saying booyah
Stephanie's friend Cheyenne at school
introduced I guess the whole second
grade class to this artist Beach talks
and he sings Christian songs like they
truly are like Jesus Phil they talk
about Jesus being the bread of life talk
about Jesus Christ is alive so with him
I will rise like nobody loves it they
listen to it enter school which is a
Christian school and so we started
listening to it here at home when it's
worship time and I don't know how like
worship build it is but I mean it's
actually here it's singing a song that
says dropping bombs on the devil gotcha
so I don't know just as soon as we get
home we're headed back out everyone's
got to go Crotty tiffany is that our
cooking class I don't like this running
around separately stuff I'm not too sure
about it he's put stuff party two days a
week is just for me too much because of
what I'm doing in Oklahoma I don't know
I'm gonna ask him about would it be okay
if he just did once a week
what kind of deserve a no drink to it
Stephanie's campaign no daddies and
growth assume that has a nice ring to it
looking at your own cafe one day all
right guys it's time for me to head out
to a meeting at church for the reached
it's team our official leader is about
to go on maternity leave but so we're
gonna be discussing what all of our
roles are now that she is what have you
having her first baby so it's really
excited I'm looking forward to it I
don't know if I'm gonna be taking out
anything new or extra but it's still
gonna be exciting just to just to be
able to fill that role for her as a team
so I'm headed off
I'm gonna cook with me yeah I think it's
out let's cook okay let's make soup put
that on the stove oh okay stir with
watermelon tomatoes
I guess that's fish you have to cut it
in half
Derek now put it in the pot put it in
the pot we're cooking it put me right
pick out her mix the soup mix it mix it
mix it mix it can you get me some you
put some soup in the bowl put carrots in
the soup put that in the soup
yours matches your PJs something it does
this is sparkle this is Superbook and
this is a massage comment of the day
goes to Willow Scott Dalian one time I
didn't believe my grandma then a cactus
has needle and touched it she put duct
tape over my hand and got the needles
out that's cool I mean that's the stuff
we appreciate those kind of tips you
know I don't even realize I can use tape
just to get all those needles out
because now they're all stuck in my toe
and yeah it's just not good it's not a
good thing right now I can't really kiss
me could she's scared she's gonna get
needles I'll see you tomorrow
don't forget we love you remember to
love each other look at that sweet
little baby ponytail it's so cute look
who finally made it to her own house can
I have a bite can I have a drink of that
can you give me a bike I get a drink can
you give me a bike I wanna bite Joel's
