look who's home and already enjoying a
cookie getting all messy it's all over
your lips this is our last cookie from
life's a batch and now it makes it an
addendum no it's so Symphony Symphony
let my nine names go something of course
it is
oh and have my buddy day mr. jealous mr.
jealous oh oh yeah I miss you too drew
oh are you ready - yeah you didn't go I
never named even go anywhere he's saying
what Symphony says are you ready to do
our fun craft in a minute we've waited
for you to come home we didn't do it
like we were going to because we were
waiting for you cuz I'm real I wanted to
give it yep oh oh okay so we're gonna
use all of the glue well it sounds like
we're making slime you still don't know
what we're doing yet do you
mm-hmm should I tell you yet no I want
it to be the proud alright good job I
can't go while they're stirring I'm
gonna grab this blanket to put down it's
already dirty we had a picnic the other
day with it we've had two picnics with
it since I've washed it so don't my bare
belly out you guys know what we're doing
now right oh I'm gonna be in this
position for a while okay whoa wait whoa
whoa all right it was good okay here dad
take a villain hero look at the shape of
my stomach right now oh my gosh whoa
that was crazy
so what we're gonna do is guys would
make a paper mache of mommy's belly it's
called a belly cast belly casting kind
of like a pinata so once it dries it's
going to be in the shape of her belly
okay and you get to paint it once it's
all dry guy
Oh that'll eat yeah I'm gonna do this
for offend yeah yeah looks good into my
Demi never active right now getting like
this really you can let anyway you want
come do some Symphony okay what you dip
it you get two fingers and get it off
like that and now put it on my tummy
wherever you want and even up here to or
and on the side it's like wherever you
want
why not honey you pick and you got a
smooth it really going it oh it's
dripping on me
you're so cute baby smooth it out real
real good and make sure the paper is all
flat we have to cover my tummy
completely four times
oh yeah so you'll want to stretch them
to the seconds
okay so cold you guys oh my gosh it's
super cool to see my gosh hey cute like
the way it feels on this you're putting
the glue buddy you got did the whole
thing there yesterday
ah don't worry yeah let's go you ever
always get it better they were
suggesting thicker ones for belly casts
like this thick put your body company
wherever you want
hey oh wow flatten it out listen it all
my tummy smooth oh hey oh you don't hear
that laugh adjustability indie kicking
everywhere oh my gosh alright so cool
it's a little bumpy though needs to
smooth the deadly needs are smooth
remember tell me can you put another one
on my tummy take a long time to dry
you're gonna have to get uh yeah Sam are
you ready you're gonna like bath duty
and dinner do to get a whole Islam lady
here yes sir look you've folded sweetie
yeah dad are you doing good over here
I know real good Tiffany's doing good
everyone was doing good I'm doing really
really good no guys yeah you're gonna
rain
mommy's doing the best nobody put like a
strip dress her career at my side I hate
having y'all see how they're having it's
okay garrison when you cover that spot
if you want cover that with it well we
got way too much glue on there oh you go
Polly
okay guys we've moved oh he got it for
me pregnant oh my god oh my god the way
he looks right now like his hair but he
just looks like an art student 55 I am
an art club really yeah
oh my goodness is so weird oh my God
look at that symphony just washed her
hands and she's back with dirty fingers
again Tim get it back and Rick this is
kind of relaxing if I wasn't a visual
I'd be doing laundry or cooking dinner
oil sweep and muffin I don't know
instead of nothing I was taken out
well guys I'm laying out to dry I'm
mostly glass hard about to I was telling
say I want this arch on my back right
here it's hurting so I'm gonna need a
pillow underneath that pretty soon I'm
not sure if it's gonna mess right
you
why need a snack to play
open your mouth
ah
it's the two and a half hours since we
started this and I don't think it's
solidified enough for us to take it off
in one piece but me the butt is really
hurting the back is hurting and she
probably has to pee you have to pee yet
she killed it coming she's doing really
good she usually goes pee or 30 minutes
but she purposely held back on the water
so she could do this just keep your back
drill straight well at the bottom of my
road I can't do it like that we'll roll
on your side actually yes just stay
laying down just roll your side a little
bit yeah there you go
oh I can just lay like this
this is nothing else okay let me up
please help him oh it's so bad
tripper
I don't think you understand it as long
as it's gonna take the dry unless we
want her to stay there
