good morning everyone we are up bright
and early on this last day of school
today
it's like international prayer to hear
somebody not chat so I am gonna go to
school with Symphony here in my hand you
have some chocolate-covered strawberries
for one of her teachers it was her
birthday yesterday I put my shoes on
I like leave the house half dressed when
I take her to school sometimes no shoes
my headbands on my arm I think sandy is
meeting me here this morning we do okay
so it's also teacher appreciation week
right by the flower yes she can take the
card off you know when she's ready this
water yeah international prayer day is
that the same thing I see you at the
pole like is that what it would have
been calm in our school I think this
lady year so okay well it was really
good it was like 30 minutes long it was
really cute though the primers led
everyone in the Pledge which means
symphonies clustered up and they let the
pledges and did songs it was really cool
it was all about like wake up America
like back in the day the first Americans
came over to empty barren land and
worked with their hands and they trusted
in God and they asked people around them
to pray
that a nation
think of it that way like we care about
our stuff history that's all the time so
now on to paint examples the first
prayer goes here we've had a go in the
bathroom baby's due in two weeks I'm
going for
oh six kids altogether discouraged
good morning everybody I am still sick
I woke up with excruciating migraines
I think that has you meet spring to pick
yesterday on top of being sick took a
couple excedrin I'm feeling a lot better
now don't think we'll take a break today
a lot of you guys I'm noticing in
comments a lot of people asking Sam it
looks like you work all the time you're
always on go doing this doing that do
you ever take time just to like play and
the answer is yes I do
I've found the game recently that I'm
kind of addicted to I'm gonna Paul just
in advance for telling you guys about
this game no we need to be apologizing
to their wives and girlfriends not so
the guy alright I apologize to your
spouse's and your significant others for
sharing this game with you that's a good
point
this is best fiends my friends here we
have it this is my little world i man
I made it all the way to level 30
without making a single in-app purchase
so you have these fiends here they're
like bugs and all have their names and
basically you build on them and make
them stronger to defeat these slugs and
then here's the goals of each level
defeat eight slugs break open one box
and you have 24 moves to do it it's
basically a connect the items game some
of them kind of almost strawberries oops
I missed one I'm gonna go back grab that
one grab that one that one that one that
one that one so of all the strawberries
that I can grab right here and this is
going to go to tantrum here and then
he's going to shoot them back at the
slub
I think this is my strong yeah temper is
my strongest character and he has little
green leaves boom what I like about this
too is you as you connect to each other
play alright so yeah
every rose comes and says teach me how
to play daddy let's get the blueberries
actually droplets but he calls them
drops blueberries boom good job she
would kill the first guy now 21 more
moves that we got to kill six more of
them and break open that box down there
so if you guys are looking for a really
fun game to play to fill in some extra
time like waiting for paint to dry
totally check this out there'll be a
link in the description below you can
download this game for free in the App
Store or on Google Play and be sure to
come back on Mother's Day on May 8
because best fiends is going to have a
surprise gift for everybody in
recognition of all mothers around the
world and a huge thank you to best
fiends for sponsoring today's video and
for introducing me to this oh so
addicting game she got to go home with
Nana from school today
blow her kisses so see this Blender
Bottle guys it's pretty big I would say
this is you know like the extra-large
Blender Bottle they have other sizes I
am on my third glass of water in this
blender bottle for today and I'm about
to be done with it I'm halfway done and
I also had two large cups of ice water
earlier this morning and one thing
that's really important for a mommy
that's gonna breastfeed is to get
started drinking lots and lots of water
in her pregnancy and so I've not always
been super good at that I do drink water
a lot but drinking like a gallon a day
is hard for me you pregnant mommies out
there if you don't like water that much
one thing that makes it a million times
more enjoyable so as many of you know I
became an oily a couple of months ago
and I am on my second bottle of lemon
oil and I drop in this big Cup four
drops ice-cold lemon flavored water
so good so refreshing and I really just
could I could just keep drinking it it
tastes so good my bump is just so huge I
can't even button my pants anymore I'm
having to do that whole like rubber band
around the button but anyways I'm gonna
go play with Abram paint some wreaths do
you guys later gonna build something
with Daddy a build something you can put
on this it has the wood grain in it you
can build the airplane a car a boat a
boat you don't want to go the airplane
so that airplane
we need those and a tape measure dimeric
on all these pieces on buddy
so let's start with this flake here
we've got the pin that's clear this is
how you make a straight line cut along
the line there you go
Telfair see that line right there get a
cut the line
need to make a hole let me show you how
there you go buddy there's airplane oh
and then he crashes it meanwhile well
the boys are so cute together in there
yeah I have been making Mexican chicken
caldo soup and I chopped up my
vegetables really chunky and baked like
when you go to a Mexican restaurant you
eat their soup there you go
what really doesn't the chip
right into the gullet every once in a
while I have one of those moments where
I'm really proud of my cooking sometimes
other people are impressed with me Sam
always tells me I do a good job but
there are those rare moments where I
actually feel like I did a really good
job on that meal and tonight they're one
of those moments comments of the day
goes to Victoria herring she says you
can add oils to paint I know it's too
late to add to your room but maybe you
can add to the nursery something like
lavender or peace and calming would be
awesome for a baby that is such a cool
idea I'm always looking for new things I
can do with my oils I'm still gonna do
that Thank You Victoria anyways guys
tomorrow I have a doctor's appointment
as always don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
