good morning guys I have you guys back
in small version we're using this small
book at Hobby Lobby for my weekly ride
I've got to return this big thing I end
up doing a different size for my friend
Alice's succulently I'll turn in this
bagel face next week is the last week
for custom orders and my Etsy shop and
then after that it will just be pre-made
things already got underway until I feel
all settled in with Juliet and ready to
get back into the crafting zone so oh
man you're gonna be like well you guys
weren't on video so sorry if that
footage sucked I was doing right when
they're having like their meeting
because I come right after picking
symfony up from or dropping something
off at school so I feel so awesome I
walk in and everyone just they're
they're like it's turned and I'll
talking about vacation vacation vacation
I love my coffee in the car thing it oh
well that just motivates me to go even
faster
okay now I'm over in this little artsy
section seeing if there's something for
that little area by our Instagram wall
there's not a whole lot of stuff that
hangs up and down that totally does not
go with our theme there's something
arrows which I'm totally into right now
I don't really think cm is I like this
this goes up and down and it's wooden
and this is a song that my mom sing to
me as a kid and now I sing it to my baby
boom that's like it next step even
though I'm sick as a dog like we said we
have no time to be sick I'm going to
paint the ceiling today take the carpet
out and put a first coat on the trim I'm
just going to put ceiling paint on it
because we're not going to paint it
white but I forgot to take off the paper
when I went to go prime the walls know
what I was thinking I need to prime the
trim too because it's so black and we're
going to cream so let's go and take
several layers but I'm just going to do
ceiling paint over instead headed home
now guys and I think Sam's gonna started
painting our bedroom I'm so super duper
excited I didn't get to continue filming
inside of Hobby Lobby because I got
really really sick and I was still
having to push the buggy around and get
my supplies so just pulling out the
camera was just an added thing taking
energy from me but I got really really
sick and my head and while I was in
there when I was pregnant with Symphony
I was working full-time still and so at
36 weeks I had just worked like ten
hours eight to 10 hours on my feet all
day and when I came home I was really
out of breath I was very nauseous on
homages and overall just having a really
hard time just like getting around
without breathing really passively heavy
and I started happening in Hobby Lobby
it really scared me because I'm about to
be 36 so that's what was happening
inside of Hobby Lobby and it really kind
of scared me I'm going to be 36 weeks
tomorrow
and I just do not want a repeat of the
birth experience I had the symphony I'll
have to share more with you guys on that
later
Oh see baby just grip it here there we
go there's a roll the padding with it
what do you guys think I got to get it
out of here
man there's no space over here then
oh that's it you sure I have another one
if you want to see options
I'd like the other one we can keep do
you see what says
oh no this way Bobby give me Bo
Oh mom you look so good it's been too
long yes thank you very much peach tea
would you enjoy it's blood people
Garrett backscratcher
okay guys we're here for one thing and
one thing only do you know what it is
yes but do you know what kind of craft
no whoa motorcycle can you put that in
the buggy please
alright sound to you alright now we're
ready to go are you ready to go home and
do our craft yes alright let's go
I know I wonder what it it's here
like a baby see what do you think of
that you get one side sis you'll get the
other round let's just pull it pull over
I got a good idea
there we go Wow guys all right it's in
thank you so there we go no waiver I'm
not yet whoa love that oh my god I do I
love it
do you but it's gorgeous
that has like serene when all of the
loot pretty cool
do you want to go change it to some pink
clothes let's go
Oh
Oh
I do like the green this is a happy
alternative dragon Oh try Qian I'll try
again don't try again ha ha ha so you
know how do you it was like really proud
of us yesterday about picking our colors
really fast
well she doesn't like the color anymore
I do I like that mint
sorry guys I'm coming allergies I like
the mint but I want the accent wall to
be like a more neutral color
she got a nap where she could color on
the road huh don't look it over the way
you can do it again do purple but ok
comet of the day has to go to Julie bee
she said those wreaths are beautiful Mia
you've inspired me to start making them
I've already made a few and I really
love it and then under her Patricia said
Nia inspired me last year and I've been
making a few wreaths for myself and my
friends for free absolutely love it and
they have a little conversation
underneath that and I've just got to say
guys that that just melts my heart so
much over the last couple of months I
have been feeling like a certain calling
that I can't really put my finger on to
kind of go in a different direction with
my business not like I want to leave the
business side of the wreaths or stop
doing wreaths and making them because I
love crafting but that there's something
bigger than what my business is doing
right now something that involves
helping others grow their business or
just encouraging other women to do what
they love and I just love seeing that
comment I have been connecting with
other small businesses in my downtime
and just just from behind the scenes
things that you know nobody will really
ever see or notice but just making those
deeper connections and getting to know
other business owners in my area and
just really trying to figure out what it
is
I'm feeling called to I've got to really
put my finger on it and pray about it
more but anyways guys don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
you
