morning guys happy Tuesday today Julie a
GC day for a family but we all feel like
we're coming down with something
legals droopy eyes try telling me that
girl's not sick but I've been busy today
not letting it know I wish I could say
the same but oh he's been busy sleeping
what I woke up early very early took
seven new school came back and felt like
asleep after doing some work what are
you guys gonna do today I am gonna make
some Brussels sprouts
oh they are high in vitamin C oh yeah my
doctor called me and said I'm so low in
iron I need to get him over-the-counter
iron can take it three times a day
really not two but three I'm about to
shove some spinach I can't take iron
pills
if you just drink my smoothie you
probably wouldn't be low on iron
yeah but then I could just I panicked
okay his food stricking your smoothie
would take me like an hour but take it a
pill would take a world does our
Instagram all during the day someone
check that out these are the pictures I
have using these are some pictures I'm
very proud of GoPro bought that one that
one that one and that one
I have not slated that I think I'm gonna
get another slinky and try again
if you don't like the GoPro slinky shot
I think I could probably do a little bit
better than that
fit
hello where you going okay started
priming finally I'm gonna get this done
fast I thought I was gonna do it by hand
yeah it's foggy because there's paint
here you might want to get out she said
it's so foggy in here I'm using my spray
gun I'm like you know what I am done
using a roller I got the spray gun and
it cost me 100 bucks about on Craigslist
and I think I've used it pretty much in
every room in this house including the
outside that thing has been very very
handy
that's rap all I have to do now is
healing okay guys so a couple weeks ago
you saw me shopping at Hobby Lobby for
succulents and I was really excited to
try out a couple of resole uh cat what
I've been working on today tada
how does it look guys let's get a
close-up what do you think this is for
my good friend Alison but I did make
another one where did it go oh it's
hanging on our door outside let's go
look at it I never hang wreaths on our
door anymore I just thought that I
always sell them so they don't stay on
my door for long but this is one that I
think I want to keep on my door and if
someone purchases another one then I'll
just remake it I think we'll see how
that goes but anyways I'm just super
proud of it I feel like succulence is
one of those things that's super super
trendy right now
and so offering something in my shop
that's really up-to-date and just
keeping up with the trends that means a
lot to me I like to really keep up with
the times you know and succulents are so
in for summer so you guys ready to take
your baths outside
just so you guys know it's not hey
there's water and stuff
in
here we are guys Home Depot we haven't
taken a family trip to Home Depot in
quite some time right it's true actually
this Saturday they're having a craft but
I don't think it's gonna make it got a
birthday party yeah but we're finally
going to be picking out the color for
our new bedroom maybe you're wondering
where the kids are in their pajamas at
Home Depot because it's almost eight
o'clock at night and Sam and I decided
we just need to come get this paint as a
unit even though rather than feeling
that good today if we're getting sick
it's gonna be worse tomorrow and we're
not gonna come get the paint then the
next day something will come up we just
need to get it we don't have time to be
sick just basic room time to be sick
kids already took a bathroom you're like
let's just go we know what color in wine
so we definitely good not that one we're
looking for specifically arrowed I
thought I had the number memorized
that's blue I know you want this color
all that
yes I know sir it's called window
so magic Mitch and then misted firm I
guess with fern would be the XML and
then we were looking at we're pretty
scream alright get the cream they're let
out so we have sparkling Brook and green
aqua would be like the two colours or
magic mint and misted firm and then I
like coconut twist
I like these honestly
and I like this too
so it makes the paint nee and I are
trying to pick out a new ceiling fan
other not a new one it doesn't have a
ceiling fan at all but we've always
wanted to have one the ceiling fans with
the the leaf blades and we're thinking
about really doing it this time I think
it'd look good what seafoam thanks Oh -
she thought about this one - that's more
of an industrial look I kind of wanted
to go for that in our room but I love
that's not gonna happen one of these
days we have an industrial room I really
want to do that but it just doesn't fit
the house I don't think I think it's
worth it because we're going to send our
house probably for another year no
longer than that Sony selfie sticks at
Home Depot now you guys this day is
going down in history we just got all
the paint we need for our bedroom and
Juliet's bedroom you know that the last
few times we didn't paint projects
around our house while we were vlogging
it took months our bedroom doing those
shades of purple it took forever I think
it took two months at least to finish it
and painting the exterior of our brick
the outside of the house you guys
remember it was like a nightmare but we
seriously within a like the last hour
chose paint colors for our master
bedroom and for Juliet's nursery and I
gotta say we went we went green we're
going green guys I feel like part of the
reason sometimes Sam gets overwhelmed
with these jobs is because we're so
indecisive and it's like there's so much
work to do when you don't know what the
heck you're gonna do once you get to
that point it's like why did I just do
all that work I don't even know what I
want to do we just like it's kind of
happening it's coming together
not even the big boys behind no come get
in your car seat you guys want to see my
new lock screen check that out such
beautiful lighting li the flare in the
shot mmm just beautiful we made it home
guys and tomorrow it's official paint
day of our new room so let's do comment
of the day so we can get some sleep so
you can get to that a lot of you guys
want to know where I got the projector
with that projectors and want to know
where I got the tiles and they want a
close-up tailor Lily can you do a
close-up of those pics instead of me
trying to find them on Instagram
lol I'm being lazy I did include a
close-up of them today I hope you enjoy
that the tiles we got at mix tiles com
what we did with the last and final tile
let's put it right up there
that's Abram in the kayak this is my
projector it's called a cube it's
literally cube it's really fun to play
with I'm glad you liked our wall seems
like you guys liked it a lot more than I
thought you would so that's cool but
anyway guys we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget as always we love you and
remember to love each other
for their mister
