good morning guys so you guys know we
just got back from vacation and that
usually puts me into spring cleaning
mode so we have been up and about just
trying to get our house in order today
and I'm got my craft area just about
ready for me to work in again and I'm
starting today on a succulent wreath I'm
making a large version for my good
friend Allison and I'm we offering a
smaller version on my wreaths by Nia
Paige while I'm on maternity leave just
like an overall cute summer look but
here's some of the succulents I got
super super excited about starting that
progress on the room guys the texture is
dry obviously and it's not perfect but
definitely better than it was and then
we're pooped I got a pilot you said it
will have to do several coats if I don't
pry my spices that's where I patched up
a big crack in the wall that's crazy and
solid to this whole wall was kind of
pushing in I put a 2x4 behind it to help
keep this all right there
all this was kind of collapsing easily
that's why there's a hole in it we're
deciding on paint schemes we're kind of
not seeing eye to eye I really like this
like what was it called sea foam it's
like between mint and green and Sam
likes more of like a gray neutral oh no
he mentioned red hello yeah kind of sexy
in here no I'm not my purple room
honestly if we could just do it purple
again I'd be okay with that
but we're thinking about a cool accent
while I saved a picture from Pinterest
this would be the accident wall like
with wood did you or is it is that like
kind of so everything and like put up
like wood tiles or wow it's tiles but
I'm still gonna do paint color and then
maybe like a wood had worked or
something I also change our whole bed we
could probably shoot no let's do it
really again we could just get rid of
the head for the head and footboard is
foot board is in the way anyways and you
could just make a cool wooden headboard
wicked huh
one step at a time
yeah now we're preparing dinner for
Heath in Amanda they're coming over so
you guys really gotta go check it out
it's crafty mommy on Facebook and I
believe Etsy but she made these we come
tiny like this one looks like it's for
Julia because it's tiny she said summer
for Symphony and summer for Juliet no
truant on I'm gonna test on these
microphones well this is the built-in
mic this is the built-in mic how does
that sound
let's see what the focus sounds like
here is the little Olympus radio or
stereo mic stay here this is the Olympus
stereo microphone here's what the focus
sounds like on the Olympus microphone
pretty loud I'm diffusing some new oils
over here it smells so good I'm doing a
mixture of joy and lavender joy is a
newer blend for me because I'm about to
have my postpartum time
I'm making the dish that you guys help
me make not to go with the ranch and the
organic mayo quinoa all that only this
time I'm using a different meat with it
it's like an apple
chicken sausage I don't know it looks
delicious I've tried it before I had
other friends houses and so I am going
to make this dish okay step one is done
I've got my potatoes carrots and
Brussels sprouts all chopped up chicken
sausage some garlic and some shredded
cheese organic cilantro lime ranch
Tiffani got this little setup ready for
a van Maisie she's so sweet thinking
about them oh and this right here guys
can you believe this so we ordered a
frame and it didn't come with glass so
now we got to find a piece of glass by
itself to fit this picture in frame and
speaking what you need to get it away
from the kids
you're gonna color a little bear too
buddy did you pick what they're gonna
color Sevigny Oh careful she really
likes to color big thing not small
things in these are small update on
Oreos drinking conditioned guys I have
started to add a lot more water to her
food and I mean a lot like she's pretty
much on a liquid diet and she doesn't
have diarrhea she's not throwing up she
she's acts healthy she's behaving yet
like a healthy dog lots of energy
she's still anxious I don't think she
said she's not sick she just scared me
like approached her daddy she kisses me
every single morning
oh that's way
oh yeah that's a nice one yeah we're
doing variety cream cake here did you
finish the creme brulee you don't have
even Maci over every Monday now all
right they say what you think can you
guys come over every Monday night so it
was a great hostess like a cookie
decorating contest frosting some gummies
to stick on it like some fruit snacks
yeah so before I call it a day I want to
put these up yeah these aren't guys too
little Instagram tiles I ordered ten of
them but I want to hang up nine right
here above our dining room table and I
don't feel like doing the measurements
so I got this good idea all right
nevermind he doesn't want them in the
kitchen she thinks we put everything
cool that we have into the kitchen
because come if you like that room like
we like the colors and the lighting in
that room true that is part of it really
need to vamp like way too so she's
suggesting this wall right there I have
this projector here it's gonna project
it on the wall so we don't have to do
any measurements so there's my grid on
my phone it goes into the my projector
yes can you grab one of the tiles
he's pretty good it's not level yet
though trade Symphony in the pink with
big room in the guitar really yeah oh
how funny Sam I was saying to trade
those two but the but we're both
thinking put them on the same level put
them in the same row the pink and the
orange yes
it's going to project girl I love it
that wall has been so ugly for so long
yeah cool Instagram or I love it maybe
it's a little too low let's do comment
of the day what do you got a bit okay
comment of the day comes from Tristan
Marie does anyone else think that Samm
looks like Alec Baldwin's character from
beetlejuice
whoa he does look like you are you
serious
a little bit so look like me people told
me that my mom my birth mom was like in
love with Alec Baldwin at some point I
guess we do have similar tastes and I
just didn't know it either just like the
wife lady but anyway guys we'll see you
tomorrow Oh what about that one what are
we doing tomorrow but I'm just like guys
like a little I have a doctor's
appointment tomorrow oh you do
are you getting done strip swab yep
thanks or don't forget as always we love
you and remember to love each other now
hooked up in Google Images yeah leave
out enough
