here buddy come here let's show the
viewers that we match come here say good
morning guys go to church happy Sunday
morning bye you're gonna work
made by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to give
in this together still attracted to you
she does need that that's your collar
buddy don't take it off she's good she
gets lost so she has a family inside the
backpack then you pull the string out
and you hold the string where they kid
go Oh who's the kid sounds like a good
idea
all right here let's go catch up on
mommy
okay guys we're back from church and as
I told you yesterday I'm headed out for
a really fun Mother's Day girls night
out with my best girlfriends and this
party's a little bit unique it's
something that you probably don't see
every day we're going to a hair-washing
party for real my hair stylist has
agreed to host it and so I've got to get
some goodie bags ready full of lots and
lots of hair goodies for my girlfriends
because I'm gonna be giving out gifts at
our party and we are just going to live
it up and have a good time we're gonna
go out for some good food afterwards but
first to the gifts okay guys girls night
is starting
thanks to Garnier whole blends for
sponsoring today's video and that was
kind of sneak peek into your gifts so
y'all want to go open them yeah
I am super excited Virginia over here to
beautify be in my Nana's Mother's Day
because you guys know as mom's you tend
to take millions and millions of
pictures of our kid if they're we don't
blow them on Facebook and Instagram but
today it's time for us to get back in
the picture girls so let's get this
party started
so while katie is taking her turn to get
her hair done me and these girls are
over here are gonna go around something
we love about ourselves because we're
moms doesn't mean that that's all we are
me why we're still women they're still
girls something that I love about myself
is that I have a bubbly personality
I love how funny I am even though others
might not think I'm funny I am a safe
driver not to toot my own horn honk honk
but well obviously you guys can see that
I'm fun sighs and I believe that I'm a
kind person
me
now
this one is perfect for me because with
my pregnant here it's a lot fuller and
thicker and this one the coconut oil and
coconut burger uses real coconut butter
to tame frizziness which I feel like I
have a lot more of when I'm pregnant
what about you sandy
you bug your hairs for the year right
now prettier definitely thicker and it
feels so good I should put the mask on
mine
right yeah
all right let's go onedrive
thank you
it's some song oh honey they fell apart
I need to keep it like this for 18 more
days 18
and we go
we are already four I did
this is actually how you're supposed to
do do it on the outside it's easier we
are hungry we practically deserve a lift
over that menu and we're like Oh with
that and that
and that among the four of us I'm pretty
sure we ordered like the whole menu
including designing everything so anyway
sandy has something to give me okay
ready okay ready
Apple chimi cheesecakes really good
what's up guys I'm home for my girls
night she had a good time it was good I
struck out twice at my softball game
struck out your hair looks beautiful
amazing smell from yeah yeah it has such
the straws like I'm never one of those
women that have like a wafting smell
like some women you can just smell them
all the time so comment of the day goes
to Katerina berry in taste that's a cool
name
can you please do a baby Juliet close
haul under Nia's nest channel and the
answer is yes I do plan on doing a haul
soon stuff I got from the baby shower
and just a big you know haul of
everything I've got for her so far Oh
guys we love you and remember to love
each other
