what you cleaning out here buddy you can
go clean the roses let's go clean the
roses you are my sister
by the same guy
by the same heart
not to live
got to give
well
in this together good morning guys Abram
and I are just out here spring stuff
what kind doughnut did you have yeah
papa
chuck it yeah chocolate so it's gonna be
a very busy day once we get started we
got to prepare for New York City New
York City anybody yeah yeah and what
else well
Oh a ferris wheel oh no you better not
fall on the damn dough for long
friendship yeah you'll get a bad who
will take e sissy we'll catch you did
you will catch me Oh sissy your hero but
once again is supposed to be a little
bit rainy York City gonna go there
scattered showers I'm just kind of a
letdown on top of getting packed and
ready to go early in the morning for New
York grant from church is coming over to
texture the room for me he's only
charging me $150 to do it how awesome is
that
first of the day guys first Peter 4010 I
don't know what it is guys Oreo will not
drink her water I'm adding water to her
food to get some fluids in her I'm kind
of thinking it might be due to a bad
experience she had with Annie so I took
the orange bucket she used to drink in I
changed it out to a pot and she's still
not drinking it let's check her skin
turgor yeah she's dehydrated look how it
lags behind it doesn't snap right into
place well nice job buddy
morning guys yeah I'm trying to get
orders ready for ya we are gonna ride a
taxi in New York and tomorrow and but
and but accidentally spilled paint on
the floor it did look like this puddle
but right here me and Abram were just
get ready to go outside exercise go for
a walk I noticed this happen I don't
know if I did or he did it or sand it
Oreo did it
we just don't know once it dries it's
gonna be very very camouflaged all right
let's go I am slow
no chance that I'm gonna get to take a
nap so much to do because I have to pack
and I have some work to do with my
business what did you just put in your
box
can I see oh did you just put a big leaf
in your treasure box
oh yeah it does fit will that work
okay you can get that big one it's kind
of smushed oh you don't like it I mean a
room are also pointing out colors as we
walk and we're finding things to punish
treasure box but I'm explaining what
they are and where they come from as we
do it
a thing that is blue what color is that
mailbox hey blue
who's that Ava yeah my picture that's
you right now live hey guys oh my the
headbands yeah Wow no it's not a phone
it's a camera what can you tell daddy
when I taught you what this is today but
as poop I want them can you say can you
tell daddy about it
he said it's so good while we're outside
earlier hey big diff I don't how many
reefs did you get made honey well today
I sent out 13 wreaths maybe 14 Wow
she's hard-working she actually bought
the small audience handlebars yeah we're
gonna be vlogging up this new camera
guy's head you like it at least I will
you'll probably stick with the smaller
one yeah how'd you rock me whoa do you
look like Rambo yay
or this one later okay I don't have a
camel they made it this is grant he goes
our church we don't know each other very
well yet yeah we want today you don't
have to do all that man I really
it takes 10 seconds and it's worth it at
the end the only way I know him is
because he teaches simply sometimes he's
a part of the children industry really
nice guy
but a such a blessing that he was able
to come out here and help me out
/ semi done with the job now this is
what it looks like at this point in time
I got to come back in here when the mud
dries a little bit right now it's kind
of an orange peel and since it's going
to take so long to dry he said there's a
lot of moisture in there so it's going
to take too long for the dry told me to
just go ahead and go home and I'll do
the knockdown part and the knockdown
part is fun you show you how it works
take your taping knife just ever so
gently
looks good though right the room looks
bigger with just that Hut on the wall
it's going to be a white ceiling when
we're done we haven't chose we ever
decided on colors yet though this is
really time-consuming so anywhere are we
on the packing we are almost done I'm
working on the toiletries and then I
have to do my carry-on I don't know what
I'm putting in my carry-on because I
condensed things this time and normally
have a snack bag in a toy bag I put that
into one I notice on our trip last time
we were so busy the kids didn't play
with many of the toys River you
definitely it's like four day trip yeah
go to bed maybe we got a goat we look a
bit for you sleepy
yes you go to sleep the faster it can
get to New York wait daddy are we gonna
go to the candy saw her again
yummy huh I cannot get another candy
keychain hey Teddy I'm probably more
excited than you are daddy are you daddy
are you ready for this
what I'm excite this much what's going
on with your Barbie up there get her
down from there that don't look
comfortable that's in her armpit all
right so the first thing we're going to
do and get to New York like let's go to
Coney Island I think tomorrow we should
be in Coney Island that's pretty awesome
if it's not raining no Coney Island is
in New York right oh when you go to the
penny stock get can be cool okay Mickey
fasciae sleep the faster will be a new
you okay that fast yeah yeah something
go yay
the silly kid hey guys I'm a little bit
stressed out because I have to do this
room and the walls are not drying like
they're supposed to before I start
knocking it down the ceiling dry fast
enough I'm done with that but the walls
are just still so wet when I go to knock
it down it just smears it down the wall
yeah man I shouldn't have done this
today we have to leave really early in
the morning okay guys it's been a busy
day preparing for our trip tomorrow and
when I say busy I mean like non-stop go
go go for both me and Sam and Symphony
she had a long day at school and then
she ran errands with me went to see my
mom who was recovering very well she had
a doctor's appointment today and she's
doing pretty good her incision does have
a little infection in it though so I
hate that for her but overall she's
doing good and getting around well I
feel like I'm becoming a pro at packing
it literally took me like an hour to
pack all of the outfits for all of us
all week long our toiletries socks and
shoes everything is pretty much ready to
go so anyways I'm gonna do comment of
the day and this comment basically sums
up our comment feed for today's video
and it comes from miss hunter and she
said did Sam purposely mute the end
hahaha and so I just thought I would say
no he didn't we don't know what happened
that was like a total fluke but it was
really funny because he was making
really goofy faces and so it would just
worked out tomorrow when you guys see us
we will be heading out to New York City
what what it's gonna be so fun kids are
pumped we're pumped yes I'm pumped even
though I'm 34 weeks pregnant we'll see
you tomorrow don't forget guys we love
you and remember to love each other
you can make
but they missed
for an this
