good morning guys how you guys doing
today we're here special talent Nana the
kids are in their room no it's it's
wrong but it's perfect size for you guys
because you guys are itty bitty - yeah
this is a humongous room which sheltered
kids we just returned from a gospel
community training where the pastor's
got there and taught us what it looks
like to be more missional in a culture
that is already churched and who mostly
claim description we're in the Bible
Belt and it's kind of hard to reach out
to people who come back with hey I'm
fish I go to church but one of the
things that stuff to me the most is
riding down your story what Jesus has
done for me make it under a minute or a
couple minutes and just be prepared to
tell that story and I want to share a
little bit more of the guys later on
this learned a lot today is awesome but
um me and I have a little something for
my mama who can agree that my mom needs
a new outfit
we got a special something for you today
mom
fashion show we have this really awesome
love as they gift idea
you guys can consider for your mom it's
really cool it's a subscription service
that you guys can go online and find for
Gwennie beef it's really cute too Quinny
beat and you can choose from different
options but basically they are a
plus-size online service and you sign up
for you can sign up for what we did was
three items for $95 and basically it
just kind of cuts out the hassle of like
trying on clothes you a store taking
your clothing it on dry cleaned if
they're fancy which we tried to pick
some really nice stuff that Sam's mom
could wear to church out with her
friends I'm shining trend wearing the
clothes oh hey thanks stylish which is
really important to Nana she's stylish
Nana I think I know that's important to
her for the fashion show
come on here comes Nana
Cindy you like that one that's good mom
that actually looks really good on you
option number two oh that's cute
thank you so bright I know I love that
one where she goes
and me with my chat love that Sharon
shirt and zippers on both sides thank
you super sure if I want this one I'll
try my line see what kind of um maybe a
second yeah you get to keep it for a
month and try it out and then when
you're all done you can look I can do it
for you is this a part of your gift but
everyone else will just send it back in
these little free label bags and get
your next shipments into your house and
since my mom is on a diet right now the
cool thing about this is she gets to
send these back and order new ones when
she fits into a small size that's a big
perk for a woman I really think him as a
man can understand how cool this story
about taking a backer so I just have to
get rid of them buying them to say yeah
can buy men's I'm losing weight I'm
losing weight now me and symfony are off
to my mom's to do her fun Mother's Day
special stuff and if you guys want
you should totally sign up for your own
going to be subscription it's perfect
for Mother's Day I think that my mom is
gonna love this and right now if you
click on the link in our description
they're doing a 30 day free trial on the
website so your first box of clothes
would be free that's awesome you send it
back and get your next month's happy
Mother's Day to you too so this is from
a company called gwynnie B it's like a
subscription service and it's like you
rent your clothes so if you wore these
all month long you would send them back
they pay for shipping and everything and
then you pick more and they would send
you like next month's worth of outfits
so what's the verdict mom what are you
guys like the jeans look how cute
they're they're washed out there like
de-stress kind of yeah I might have a
problem getting them over my broke yep
yeah we thought about that but still you
can't begin this is my pick of the
blouses I knew you would like that
blouse you think you can try it on
Forrest
yeah
no I want to do that I would think I'd
believe it I never get my slaves never
are long enough for these long looks
great mom can I keep this one
yes Oh Rach happy early Mother's Day
yeah yeah I like it when I pick the
right stuff for you there's a status
update for you guys those of you who are
curious where I'm at with the room I
would like to get some of you guys and
suggestions those of you involved in
construction and remodeling stuff I'd
love to hear what you guys think of what
we should be yes all this right here a
12 this wall here the door was here and
I did that because it seems to be a
photography studio and this allowed me a
couple feet more rooms to back to do
portraits
wait doing they're floating their little
boats tiny little boats back at it again
the Walmarts we have to return our movie
from last night and
and picking up some Brussels sprouts
because we're out and I'm making a dish
tonight it's gonna be so good I don't
know why the lighting is so dark you
guys hold on something so well at
Walmart I remembered seeing that I
wanted to pick up I got these little
goody bags and Jer Watts and soap and
some little bath balm or thank yous to
the hostesses of our shower shell and
Andrea just sent me pictures of what the
baby shower is gonna look like tomorrow
and oh my gosh is beautiful but on to my
recipe
Mayo I got this just Mayo which is
gluten-free dairy-free egg-free and soy
cream and then regular ranch seasoning
mix next we need potatoes and a new fave
I guess I'll get your bag so I'm going
to use a whole bag tonight
well done with the room for the day guys
tomorrow I'm gonna finish masking it off
and grants gonna come over and do the
texture but I wanted to finish what I
was talking about this morning Johnny
said something that really spoke to me
that I really took home he told the
story of Jesus and Legion and Mark 5
where Jesus cast out the demons from
Legion into some pigs on the hillside
and the pigs ended up jumping off cliffs
killing themselves and then Jesus get
gets kicked out of the community for
doing this because the people I guess
are scared and he did this to their pigs
and I guess they're confused so they
just they kick him out of there Jesus
goes to the other side but before he
goes to the other side Legion who was
just healed by Jesus cast out the demons
asked Jesus if he could go with him if
he could be with him and Jesus says no
I'd rather you stay right here and tell
the these people what I have done for
you and so Jesus leaves because he's
kicked out and Legion stays behind and
tells his community about the only thing
he knows about Jesus which is He healed
him of these these demons that he's been
suffering with and this community was
marveled by it so Jesus comes back and
that people just greet him by the by the
hundreds and crowds gather around you
and people are trying get healed you
okay you all right
but the best part of the story that I've
overlooked in every time I read that
passage is this Jesus took Legion and
said go tell him what I've done for you
without Legion knowing anything else
about Jesus all he knew was that little
thing about Jesus and that was enough to
get people excited and to know about
Jesus my question regarding the initial
is what if I don't feel like I'm ready
to be missional and I don't feel like
going out and speaking the gospel
because I don't feel confident in what I
know I feel like I don't know enough I
feel like I want to be able to answer
questions that people would ask me and
the story is just a really good reminder
that Jesus does not expect us to know
the word from front to back
and to be able to spew overseas and just
to know all the details he just wants us
to share what he's done for us and
that's exciting for me I'm going to be
working on a small testimony that can
share with the everyday people that come
in contact with waiters cashiers people
I run to at the mall or whatever old
friends whatever it may be I just want
to have something prepared to share that
got to share my testimony people that
even needs to go for a run gonna come
with me yeah okay let me make sure it's
not too wet no it's not wet get on up
there let me get you a snack check out
these awesome icx guys 100% juice why
okay one of these two get one of those
would you guys believe my timer on the
oven just went off and this is what I
hear in the background yeah food are you
kidding me
that is not how it goes
but it is ready and we are hungry it's
late honey I don't know about you but
this sure beats sonic no it doesn't Oh
what you think sonic is better than this
quinoa no way this is awesome guys
quinoa potatoes and and Brussels sprouts
it's like a mixture of everything's been
eating lately well we have been in raw
potatoes but all right guys we'll see
you tomorrow they're gonna be throwing
her a very beautiful baby shower this is
a kid-free babies so little big size let
me do commented a guys comment of the
day did Abram have his binocular
backwards hehe that comes from Anniston
antiphon yes he did he put everything
you
for
