good morning everyone we're getting
ready for school and I did not pack
Symphony's lunch last night so I thought
I'd share with you all this morning how
I pack our lunch
I have all kinds of healthy goodies over
here we've got fruit we've got chia
squeeze and also I'm going to show you
guys how I dig Lunchables for symfony
every day on a budget so to start with
I'm going to give her kind of like her
snack treat and that is a little
strawberry fruit stretchy it usually has
a yogurt or fruit cups right now we're
doing perfect peach and I'm going to
pick this down her rocks
there's our schoolgirl chia squeezed
Symphony love's these are kind of like
your typical everyday squeezers but they
have chia seeds in them and they're just
super good I've been eating these for
breakfast a lot lately too sometimes I
do cherry tomatoes sometimes a pickle
and today I'm doing a banana pepper I
got this little lunch platter these are
like 1098 or 11:50 at Walmart and so far
we've gotten four Lunchables out of them
and it's still pretty much full so
that's probably going to give us about
two weeks worth of Lunchables and I also
really really liked in with the
pepperoni know you like how there's
pepperonis Symphony's feels a little
strict on what they can drink so we
don't send you snips in water which I'm
totally okay with that but we saved
these after they empty the juice out of
them so she's going to have honor today
somebody's lunch is all packed and ready
to go go get dressed for school nap TV
tada
it's been a pretty smooth morning as far
as potty training goes you don't want to
be anybody's I can't be under you
buddies with you outside buddy you look
cute in your underwear I don't I know
you do look cute in any way I'm not
nothing
you're not nervous good at all
Symphony is safe and sound at school
they have baseball day today and we
don't have facebook phones it felt
really bad sending her to school with
our baseball shirt but one of her little
friends her mom said maybe they would
bring an extra one so we'll see but I'm
here at Hobby Lobby now I have a
doctor's appointment in a little bit and
so I'm checking out some new things I'm
working with a new color for fourth of
July
royal blue instead of Navy and I want to
try working with succulents too like
that
and a friend of mine had asked if I
would make her a wreath with succulents
all over yeah sure why not
I like this too but no I don't know this
is tough you still have a bubble hat you
still have a bubble hat look more mini
Wheaties every was all done with his
bath Canarian
you're a super pooper aren't you you're
gonna be a superfood for today my mama
don't like you and she likes everyone
Kristen and the card Sam sunglasses to
his favorite tunes
yes Sam is a believer too ha ha ha look
at that view
see my dermatologist office guys look
just what I think everyone's doing a
good job he goes and poops his underwear
there's actually - Anthony's underwear
so yesterday guys I made some Brussels
sprouts I'm going to show you how to
make these cuz they were incredible it
was like a treat mommy's not here buddy
it's just daddy I have been here for
like for an hour and I'm just now
sitting the big black chair I was in the
waiting room for like an hour this big
white I think they're gonna look at my
face with it so funny like you guys know
that sometimes this stuff on my nose is
a redder and today it's like practically
not there and she's like what what are
we seeing you for like like sweating her
eyes trying to see it let's get some
Brussels sprouts and a ziplock back and
then seriously three ingredients is all
you need
olive oil just makes you put enough to
the lather a minute some pepper and some
kosher salt and then you just mix them
all up in the bag get the salt and the
pepper permeating every square
centimeter of your little sprouts
do I guess it's actually pretty funny
then once you're done with that you just
take them and dump them out on a cookie
sheet and you're doing all this while
your oven is preheating at 400 okay and
you leave it in the oven for about 45
minutes if you say you don't like
Brussels sprouts you just definitely try
this recipe and give them another chance
paying my little tribute to Prince so
sad and strange to hear that you guide
this morning oh my gosh makes me feel
kind of old that celebrity is an
accurate listening to and watching or
dying this week already there is another
one so I'm listening to all this song
right now this is one of my faves
and that's the finished personal sprouts
nice and burn I'm coming buddy okay who
you are what you do where you live
you're going to love these so simple yet
so delicious
look at this beautiful sign you guys we
came home to a giant surprise in the
mail for Juliet and for our entire
family
Nicole cleghorne she is local to us and
she owns a bakery called life's a batch
this one says to open first I'm gonna
let symfony do it where it started
which one do you think is for you I
think that one
do you see another one that criteria
that was your sure let's sleep you can
have one too what look how gorgeous
these cookies are she also individually
wrapped every single cookie in case we
wanted to save them and she said the
ones on the top were specifically for
Symphony and Abram and that we would
know basketball and do you want a
ballerina or do you want your name I was
going to box number two she sent me four
dozen of these gorgeous cookies for my
baby shower this weekend four dozen
cookies look how gorgeous that is you
guys it has the same sparkly frosting I
haven't sure does I mean just look at
that detail there's polka dots that are
like painted into the frosting and they
taste good Oh Nicole thank you so much
that is so sweet
Oh oh my gosh Stephanie Oh oh my gosh
definitely for mommy
I know oh my gosh
hey do you like your cookie he's no
messy already she told me to
specifically try a brownie one Wilma
chocolate on the bus I'm gonna eat a
feather to the parents will have
feathers hmm so good the house is quiet
now the kids are asta Anita is working
on laundry guess I can't go to bed till
she's done you can go on that side no I
have been home I've only been doing it
for two hours and I'm on like love
number six I'm on fire
good job I mean I I mean I'm on it I'm
not done with it oh six question
everybody's mind is why aren't we
filming yet something's going anywhere
yeah let's see all the comments about no
I didn't notice that many comments I did
only like once I noticed my comments
about something with that being said the
comment of the day goes to Ally Edgar
Lee maybe I missed something why are
they not filming safety at school
anymore did someone complain yes a few
people complained we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
but there mister
