good morning away do you remember what
happened last night
yeah did we run out of diapers are they
all gone let's peek well those are for
Kade what does that mean oppai I do have
a surprise for you so holy
what are those legs out those aren't
socks do you know what those are
I'm Asha no they're not socks what do
you think they are stop no look right
here look at that picture what are they
they're not sucks
look at this picture right here see ha
ha hey Brahm we are puppies we have more
puppies we have more puppies what do you
want to wear today hmm
you will wear those okay listen we gotta
take your diaper off you diapers yucky
they do say I'm diaper free but he's
sleeping honey morning oh yeah go wake
him up Disko wake him up Shawn
oh wait goodness go run fast
I am a little bit nervous I'm gonna go
for a 5-mile run you got this did he do
for last time
I just wanna huh no four and a half to
five of nothing but it's been a while
it's a huge difference I did afford half
the other day when I came back my legs
were in pain the route I'm taking is up
on computer so if I don't come back and
at least an hour from looking for me
okay yeah hey what did you just do
who boot and you're ready for your
surprise Wow check this out guys our
little man is in his car seat without a
diaper he's a big boy this is like a
public right and underwear we'll see
what happens I'm sure he'll pee but
that's the point Brima learned that when
he pees
he's on himself and it gets
uncomfortable right that's the plan
car parts plan well I did it guys I ran
my five miles I came 5:23 push your
button here's at a pace of nine minutes
22 seconds which isn't too bad for the
first time ever running that far yay
packages you don't push it
alright push out the door follow mommy
you guys excited this one feels like a
picture frame
honey you ready for some blue cheese
chemo and arugula salad really yeah the
home chef after a 5-mile run this sounds
delicious this is from home chef home
chef is a subscription-based meal
delivery service they have new meals
every week they can choose from half
sent to your door they cost under 1000
the serving and it's all completely
prepared and the portions that you need
for the servings that you order and it
can all be cooked with that everyday
equipment that you have at home so let's
get started on this quinoa
we're making candied walnuts or brown
sugar and water
thank you I'm such a spoiled pregnant
for opening Wow
I'm proud of that it's pretty incredible
what's really cool is I just learned how
to candy I'm walnuts idea so easy knit
just brown sugar water and walnuts you
just mix around and pan till they turn
brown if you guys want try hope chef's
click the link in the description below
for $30 off your first order and there
also be a link there for this recipe
and thanks to home chef for sponsoring
today's video agreed all right come on
show me where is it at
they're actually not bad it's the kind
that I saw it was a little right there
oh it's a nice little caterpillar guys
get it daddy get it I'm trying I don't
want to I can't really grip him I'll
smash him look Abram he's a nice
caterpillar I think they like fresh
leaves buddy look uh-oh stabbed him with
a leaf look Abram Oh golly you're sawing
with your bubbles I was actually gonna
cut this tree down the other day but I
couldn't get my chance I'll start it
again I turned up all these trees by and
cut off a much like dead little nubs
climbed out there got as many dead limbs
as I could but I want to cut this one
down because it just doesn't seem to go
these looks all the same size and all
spaced evenly and suddenly this one's
there and it's all leaning over and it's
I don't know I don't like where it's at
yeah Saul it down would you cut it down
for me buddy yeah nope cut it for me man
gotta cut it hard on that yeah there you
go
whoa guys not the same room you were in
earlier that's in the same spot can you
believe it we pretty much cleared it out
Sam did a lot of work these shelves were
full of stuff for Andrew there was
furniture over here just stuff that I
didn't know what to do with and couldn't
if - even if I did know what to do with
it I got all my clothes out we got all
you know laundry bedding stuff back here
and we're looking for a painter or a
texture to come get started and I mean
it's happening we only have six weeks
left
Juliette will be here in six weeks six
weeks
this is cray cray this is what Juliet's
room looks like so far she just has this
little spot in the hallway still it is
chaos
so symphony will be moving rooms will be
moving rooms and Juliet will be getting
a new room happening Oh be careful
little eyes what you see I'll be careful
little armpits where you go for the
father up above is looking I'll be
careful little why I would be careful
little mouths what you say he said no be
careful of the mouth what you dream so
common of the day comes from bonito Gabe
and she asks Nia have you stopped
nursing I would love to know how you did
it I'm trying to stop I got my daughter
down to two feedings but the night one
is the hardest give me some tips please
hashtag help and the answer is yes I am
done with nursing Abram but he's two and
a half I would have to sit down and talk
to you first and find out more details
but basically I stopped rehearsing when
we went to New York in the fall we came
home and we hadn't been nursing in the
hotel room or anything like that so I
just didn't do it again and the first
couple of nights were not rough or
anything he just kind of whined and
asked for it when I put him in his bed
but I said oh it's gone gone but we have
juice and I would give them a little bit
of juice diluted with water in a cup
which we still do getting your daughter
down to two feedings is the first step
now cutting out nap time I would say
start cutting out that first feeding and
then you know do that for maybe a month
and then work on cutting out that last
feeding but you have to substitute it
with something that they're not already
getting so hope that helps but anyways
guys we'll see you all tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
but they missed
