good morning fam basic it is about to
rain out here oh it is ready just
getting the car guys come on what we
know we cooing something where do you
think you're going young lady bananas
how without your luggage know how long
you plan on staying there the whole year
Abraham's clothes are in here for an
animal no just a broom yeah Abram and
Stephanie are going on Nana's house for
the night because Nia and I we are
having a night together then we have a
wedding but it's raining I'm not
shooting a wedding but we're attending a
wedding again what magical feel like
magic addy oh you're gonna watch Magic
School Bus at annas you think they're
going on like a weed vacation to Hawaii
or something just so excited I think
Nana's just as excited to get them
though kisses to mommy
every John you leave your Gus is in the
car David glasses in the car cuz i have
something upstairs for you in a half
thick manager you should I from puppy
upstairs hey yes bottom edge here you
put your hands in the gloves it 11 so
cool it makes noise your the noise touch
the same birthday honey what's exciting
about today we get to enjoy the start of
marriage on the same day that we get to
spend some time together so let's go
honey the wedding's about to start five
minutes you ready the wedding is here at
an unknown persons house I don't know I
know where at oh you do know where I
don't hi there's a smoking area I
thought we were running late but
actually the only ones here to finish my
makeup this is Oscar and his wife the
Oscars was she she was keep her identity
private she has something to hide this
is the groom's bear himself a little boy
I template name don't move there's a bug
on you okay got it thank you you
they're yes guys say a real man now can
it give us an idiot advice sure if
they're bad husband make it a good wife
remember that the ball was in your court
and also don't fall for the lie that
your wife is all right life is bubbly
happy hubby laughing Bobby that's good
we're just hanging out in this very
relaxing window room this is Oscar we
surround cross-country together who's
pretty good but I was better yeah it's
actually not true at all how did you do
across countries you have your place
first did you really I never place first
yes it did it did he really you must
have told you strip good but I have all
my all my medals from got away from your
window
metal the truck ok made you really good
for someone ok I've got Wow tractor
century I never did place across country
I got third place in so I like it
tomorrow Oh tomorrow really not really
expensive well I mean that's all he's
got you know let me leave it yeah he's
still live in the high school when I
yeah I should've wore my little tiger
shirt for your mother you're all right
you have a jacket yeah but I let her
miss you we have a two-hour layover
between the ceremony and reception and
so we're just hanging out in the air
it's hard to get up we live literally
right down the road a couple blocks walk
here we decided to hang out with Oscar
and his wife can't remember her name
Amanda this is how good they have a
wedding assamese backyard and they come
and eat decimal mpu my lady hit the door
baby cats there's all may be fun play
work I only need one place she's my
plate you cut it I'm the woman oh I'll
minigame your silverware
Oh
I did Nia got it back for Jenna dude I
didn't know mr. tonin I tried to tell
him our brush call me oh wait that was
messed up oh how sweet other just water
though sorry I couldn't cope
satisfaction feel so good I got the
groom back after he shoved cake in her
face you best all that she wanted to get
him back the whole time shes I want to
see some I just want to see someone get
him back because he's not the top three
get object off about you and it was me
with my ice water again i just got Sam
the other day I told Sam of my own
becoming a pro at this I'm pretty good
with the ice water you know just to
smash it in your face anyways oh my God
look at her belly's just soda stunning
we ate way too wow oh my goodness and
now I'm just trying to find comment of
the day I was just telling Sam earlier
it's so crazy how time works like right
now the whole putting the kids to bed
phase is just like I'll crunch together
in this cluster of time like the next 10
years or whatever it's like we do it
every night k dr kid and now almost
after kid again it just takes a long
time and you can get burned out on it
but then there's going to come a day
where we can't put our kids to bed
anymore they're not going to live in our
house isn't that sad and we're gonna
miss it so much it's almost too full to
think too much about it but yes I just
forgot to me how you get how we get
burned down on things with our kids but
then one day we won't be allowed to do
it anymore sorry mingus opal ow why did
you do that that's my pet Pete right
there when he tries to pull at my my um
beard hair she bites it my gosh there's
not any pain like it
I got to have bit his beard here and so
long I used to when we dated oh my gosh
Rachel Donnell she is trying to educate
us a lot of people get onto us for
showing their license plates and other
people's license plates and I've always
been confused about that why do people
care that we show license plates you
can't get any information any personal
information from someone's license plate
you can look it up and all you'll find
is the make and model or the year make
and model of the car so she said for
those word about the license plate
showing check out this article so if you
guys want to read an article about why
you shouldn't be so worried about your
lifestyle a showing check out this
article why do we always blower license
plates on the internet but my guys she's
livid see you tomorrow all three of us
God willing you'll see the kids tomorrow
too we're gonna pick them up before
church and don't forget you love you and
remember to love each other
look at that same guys do that Iron Man
