good morning guys just your super undies
here's putting on the shoes because we
want to go fly around outside I already
see some really exciting news today I
want to share with you I also want to
share with Symphony come here I'll tell
you about it
we've got to give
and this together so we're taking a trip
at the end of the month guys it is final
I think yes we're gonna New York City
can you believe that
yes they're most excited about
Eminem's and I just so happened to book
a hotel that is right behind it in the
industry it is lit we could just walk to
it right from my room and the reason
we're going we'll be going to a Toy Fair
a Toy Fair amy hanen can get a 30-day no
you get to play with toys that haven't
even come out yet
okay you know like alligators I do
so Toy Fair is called ttpm toys tots
pets and more just really excited we get
to take another trip I thought we were
done with trips at least for the next at
least for the next year because you know
I Juliet coming but we were able to
squeeze one last trip in there New York
you almost got it
say it one more time New York City oh
now it's time to do toddler laundry
everyone's favorite chore
follow me coach we're gonna go check out
the squad cell across the street let's
go see what they have over here buddy
those sandwiches were out of this world
I was just telling you I've had that
good of food since we been three or
three oh man those are so good
what were they black bean burgers it's a
really good dip bar actually let's see
if Nia can be the next American Ninja
Warrior
Camacho it's gonna be fixed effects are
selling a movie
oh yeah let's see No yeah I'm sure
somebody's on guys my chairs might break
them and let the dog did but it works
we're at the hospital guys I'm gonna pay
people visit we're sure a.m.
copy post everyday surgery day post-op
but good after this we're gonna go to
Knox's birthday party every now you're
gonna watch this helicopter take off
pretty close it makes me a little
nervous people are too close I think the
police might come here and tell us me
Wow a lot of wind Zippity feel like a
tornado you think that's where all wind
comes from helicopters do you know what
I love about birthday parties you at the
party yes that is the awesome part about
friends you get this it's a time to
celebrate life and to remember that our
lives are so finite we wouldn't be
celebrating it and not just by having
fun
by loving each other we got him
something he said no toys this is
another superhero party but it's not
it's just
whoa look at that thing guys do that
Iron Man
you jump so high
hey broom did you hit Ava with the
hammer go give her a hug and say I'm
sorry we don't hit people with the
hammer only Iron Man does that give her
a hug oh you're right it is a story I'm
confused because he's dressed up as Iron
Man he has a hammer thank you buddy
thanks for sharing it buddy that's
really nice of you
very heroic you're a real hero
I know what you guys are thinking why
didn't they have a pin out of their Tom
why well thank you really cute they they
were saying it was a party something
like that and knock saw the pinata and
shell said that he started walking
around with it like calling it his
friend or his buddy or something and she
was like how can we bust up his buddy
need to be devastated talks is awesome
by the way guys a shirt no filter has
nothing to do with me being proud of the
stupid things that come out of my mouth
sometimes I have to do with me not
having a filter that comes through
proclaiming the name of Jesus Christ I
don't have any I don't hold back when it
comes to mentioning God or Christ what
he's gonna face so that's what no
filters for me
he doesn't lecture Mia is right since
it's since the Indian pronunciation
would be Sher Khan
yeah I'm just wondering are you pregnant
come over there guys sorry I'm just on
the pound a very specific kind of way
guys it's called
belly button obesity
stop it her belly button has become
obese and that's it I'm just a lot of
that come from Jordi's to Jordi's juice
you gonna come today Nia I'm just
wondering are you pregnant all right
guys we'll see you tomorrow we're having
like a special day tomorrow I'm excited
but don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each
