let's see you guys to the a to the n so
soon hey you guys like FM basic website
if you guys don't know it's up it's
ready for your submissions go over there
put your knees down alright guys I want
to share something personal with you
this morning
no it's not what you're thinking I'm not
going to show you my underwear jeez
oh wait oh yeah I want to show you guys
like awesome everywhere so check it out
guys
these are having a symphony so this is a
pad on the upper but this was to protect
this protect my butt my thighs and my
public bone for what I'm crawling around
under the house and it helps so much
because it's covered in rocks over there
but with you also I'm getting sick and
I'm losing my voice I still gotta get to
work today
excuse me
everything done here nobody knows of
them no I was working on the inside of
the house his door fell so I decided for
the pantry since it's going to be right
in the center of the kitchen at the end
of the kitchen I don't want the swing
open or swing into the pantry so I
thought this door right here would be
perfect and making like a sliding door
what's it called I a pocket door and
have it slide in and out of the wall it
just has that cool antique feel all
ended like a farmhouse industrial look
on the inside and I think that would be
perfect so I'm definitely gonna be
saving that so one of the things I'm
really enjoying about this project is
that it's multiple projects and one
there's so many options for me I don't
have to do one thing it's stick to it
like for example I just fixed the
flooring this was all caving it in this
back room now it's time to pick a new
job I can go into the house and do some
more leveling there's a lot of that to
do I could go up here and start taking
these down I could go outside and work
out framing I can start taking this walk
and do some more demolition just so many
different jobs it's a little
overwhelming
it's also really cool that I can just
like you know choose
yeah see yeah I can just do that my
house I can do whatever I want it's also
funny how as I do this job there's more
and more that needs to be done like all
the like trick I need to redo because
I'm redoing the walls obviously neither
feel like fishing out here I'm not doing
that probably could but that's just too
much takes too much learning so I think
what I'll do I kind of want to say
demolition for the guys that help me and
do more structural stuff well I'm out
there working sitting knees in here I
miss church on this Sunday morning I
decided we're just gonna help here today
kind of go bad for Nia
so people give Christians grief for
missing church they say you're not
Christmas you go to church and that's
absolutely wrong and not true going to
church it's all part of being a
Christian but it's definitely not what
makes you a Christian what makes you a
Christian is the cross and nothing else
what Jesus did on the cross if we say
anything like but we gotta go to church
to be Christian we're taking away the
power of the cross and what Jesus did on
the cross he saved us he gave us grace
you did away with all the requirements
to be in his presence he lives within us
now there's no temple week or the temple
and when we downplay that by saying hey
you to go to church you're not Christian
we're downplaying the cross and what he
did with that being said it's okay to
miss church every once a while but we
should be in church because that's where
Jesus pours out his love in the
community that's how it makes us all
stronger
check this out guys and see a phone
number written on this board that is
reinforcing this stuff I said we take it
out everybody call this number and say
your phone number is not strong enough
to hold up a house let's do it right see
if it's a real working
alright guys to responsibilities pull
that phone number eight oh five nine two
two zero three nine three exhausting
guys on the call today they wants us to
get home early because Symphony has
homework so after lunch I've done this
week I'm excited to come back for
joining us guys it's changed today give
me gifts okay
oh you
whoa all right I think I've got everyone
calmed down so we can read the Bible
we've missed daddy's story time calm
down cuz a daddy and now the Philistines
and come to fight them
the Philistines had a secret weapon
called so there they were he wins we
will be your slave but if I win you
would be our slaves no one spoke no one
moved
chickens quiet blows and he laughed is
terrible out okay guys it's that time
again comment of the day and it goes to
Joe a boat quick I'm Christian just like
you guys and I'm curious why you don't
approve of teaching Abram to fight the
evil within him that is one of the
lessons of karate that's because we
cannot defeat the evil within us only
Christ came and it karate they teach
them to do it all on their own and you
just can't do it you can't defeat evil
without Christ well catch you guys
tomorrow I'm losing my voice he's gonna
go doing a little workout get some
footage of moving don't forget we love
you guys and remember to love each other
that's supposed to snow tonight
good sales safe he uses toilet water to
brush his teeth you bet I did
