good morning let's see your shirt with
your seatbelt I'm a sash fuel question
do you know Jesus yeah yeah good morning
everyone
we're headed to school and then the
hospital to hang out with bebo
just me symphonies going to school and
I'll be there with her for quite a few
hours I think and so don't think I
should take Abram to something like that
plus he's still sleeping so let's just
hop to it
like stop to Hobby Lobby before I head
to the hospital oh I got all these
sunflowers my last trip here and I
didn't need this week thank you for
being patient with us this whole yeah no
problem
have a good thank you I found some stuff
that was out of stock on Monday and I
was able to grab it today
that's exciting I'll be back for more
changes later on she has two stars on
her who know what that's for already
walking been doing so good Yeah right
does she get another star on her door
okay guys I'm headed out I'm gonna get
symphony from school and bring her back
to say how to be bully all my hair's
crazy on our way to try to see jungle
book again we'll see how that goes but
emo is doing excellent she had people in
and out of there all day long I've been
here for hours and hours and the longest
that we were left alone in her room was
for ten minutes at a time good morning
guys this morning Abram and I have been
working on potty training somewhere he
peed twice in his underwear and pooped
once until it so he got his of the car
the other day he bought two monster
trucks and so we got a little package
here what do we get wait a minute think
I know what this might be totally forgot
about this guy's
so excited to see it man you got some
mesh I thought it was something else
when it gets here I'll open it and let
you know what it is a little spicy in
the throat kale chips so actually leaves
of kale must been dried out it's
seasoned with lime and chili everyone
you want to kill chip come on good
what do you think all right likes it
you don't worry about to do yep again
we're bad guys and it's sunny today
she's very nice
no that was Pizza Kitchen
come on buddy get into the grapes all
right grab some let's try this one
one more time it doesn't happen today
we're just not meant to see down below
good job
alright buddy you ready
it's not empty this time but pretty
close
you know what
well guys those they tell the end of
credits there's nothing there but stay
during the credits mom's car how'd you
like it Tiffany
pretty yeah just pretty good like was it
your new favorite Disney movie but not
better than me
I can tell then assess ezel laughing
nature's recipes sounds really good in
here
cartoonish scenes in the cartoon we're
not going to be in there like the
elephant works really not mine that's
always your music in general there's
more songs I put just enough songs in
here guys to make you want more of it
I'll tell you guys April's reaction to
the movie pretty much five minutes into
he's like over now it's over now okay
the whole development of Mowgli and
Bagheera cool blue when blue came in
that's when I start to get a little
better that's kind of how it is in the
cartoon know that I was always kind of
bored except for the elephant March I
think that's why I like elephant March
that's the one
seeing that breaks of the boring part of
the beginning of the movie I agree I've
never really liked jungle book to begin
with the best part of the whole movie
guys by far was when King Louie started
singing when King Louie came out I
pretty much couldn't smell him I was
like yeah smelly looks so realistic
the CGI and it was insane I really wish
they made Mowgli CGI I feel like it
would have been so much better I don't
rule like him yeah that's his first
movie Neil's Steffie his very first
acting gig I think he played in a short
film that was it he's 12 years old I
feel like he did as good as any other 12
year old actor would do
he wasn't like spectacular Michael you
agree that for just 3 video guys the
snake more like came out at you in 3
who's no emergency my son press divine
ok you're not affected the elevators no
not at all sorry about that
that's ok thank you very much have a
great night come on Lilly oh well hope
she does knock to the bottom and make a
Sam are your names
I'm Magli no I'm Madison are you Kaylee
cool what are you guys shop interesting
movie yeah we're shopping yeah look at
smell symphony 'we don't care that was
real daddy are you serious
we're gonna get the cal chips out of
here you wanna travel and that's what
happens when you leave your toys in the
driveway I need a new one anyway
who are you hey you don't do because I
cannot find a color in her size either
the too big or too small
this is the smalls this one will get and
the biggest the smaller size will get is
too tight enough to like resize on
myself so quick review guys a seminal
review of the jungle book so honey would
you suggest this movie to our viewers
yes it was a good clean movie if you
have kids it wasn't gory no our
two-year-old and five-year-old did
pretty good I mean there was a couple of
parts where they were a little scared
but literally they just would cling to
our arms and then it would be over and
they're fine
I think this to keep the scares they got
was actually doing a preview to
ghostbusters
oh yeah on scale one to ten I would say
it was the eight I was seven I was it's
a seven that's pretty high yeah
sure seven point five is our official
rating Symphony would probably give it
about the same she sat through the whole
thing she didn't get bored at all she
was pretty engrossed in the moving the
entire time I was proud of her whoa also
wait who is your favorite character Oh
favorite character I think sure Colin
was mine he was awesome
Shere Khan yeah sure Colin Shere Khan
the chicken it's not sure sure sure God
sure
yes it's like for sure sheer it is not
sheer color but one thing I will tell
you guys is that the ending of this
movie was really good it's how I'm gonna
leave it at that it was really really
good
what classic is it really googling it
and he's not even writing it right here
Khan sure sh e oh my or it is he felt
like it would be II sure corn but they
don't say like that they say Shere Khan
no this is here booyah Sher Khan is I
guys did you guys know that Mowgli is
actually pronounced um Mowgli that's how
the true pronunciation is Mowgli I think
he's pullin oh I'm serious
we'll see you guys more don't forget as
always we love you and remembering love
each other
you can make
he shouts
