premiere showing guys exclusively for
salmon Nia
you know why would you study those is
one yeah
the dishwasher kept spitting out dirty
dishes I knew how I did it yeah don't
make me go nuts as punishment for my
indulgence I shall run to the donut shop
and back
all you gotta do is the Alden bare
necessities the simple bare necessities
forget about your worries and news right
good morning guys so while the boys are
watching Jungle Book get it all prepped
for tonight I'm trying to get this dish
situation under control
Sam it has been juicing a lot of stuff
and he does so his Cubs don't like look
at this one not Sookie none of you can
see all around the mason jar right here
there's like grains from like the fresh
fruit whereas like regular juice doesn't
have like fruit fits all around the Cubs
so I feel like
I just got an update on my mom she just
went back for surgery the doctor was
very hopeful that this is gonna be an
easy surgery for her and a quick
recovery so that's good to hear because
initially the way I heard it was that it
was gonna be really tough on her she's
already had one hip replacement this is
another hip replacement on the other
side and yeah so that's good to hear and
I'm going to spray paint some wreaths
now I am watching wow you're fast
then here comes the plummet into the
grass oh he didn't fall today
okay I'm gonna paint now so what are we
doing today guys
going to see Jungle Book yeah we're
gonna go see B buffer just Scarlett
Johannson I'm so excited and it's all
the way to first go so we're driving an
hour to go see Jungle Book and IMAX 3d
we do not have an umbrella we're gonna
be these people in a second this is my
emergency umbrella so glad I put that
back there let's go see jungle oh nice
hi y'all
did you see the Cheesecake Factory next
door oh they're all they see every
yellow 50 bucks for eating
have you got to give them their ticket
perfect buddy
what's too large
we're seriously the only ones here right
now what in the world what we are
literally alone in here right now
I thought for sure people would be here
early premiere showing guys exclusively
for Sam and Nia look at this that's
insane
it's all ours now we could just let the
kids run free I'm so confused
this says Wednesday April 13th the
jungle book IMAX 3d
so I printed the tickets yeah and this
is the 14th but I ordered them for
Wednesday that's weird and it's a
Superman up there Batman vs Superman
yeah I was wondering guys Fandango
tickets Wednesday 13th is just like I
checked so many times before we came out
here there's our dry and sure enough it
comes up tomorrow I thought that was so
pretty they came out on Wednesday the
jungle books on IMAX 3d experience AMC
Stonebriar 24 Wednesday April 13th on be
leave oh now we're trying to decide if
we're gonna stay here watch Batman
versus Superman or
they should have some kind of
notification system you know when they
make mistake like that to send out a
waiting
honey the meteorite you just come to the
Disney Store marks a little movie jet
there
they both found a toy that they like you
ever had no law tiffany has a Nelson I
even found something that I think I'm
gonna give her on to see this birthday
party is this Friday it's not an Ironman
theme to give
Walmart and okay Iron Man Theresa Sam
several reasons I'm shelling while the
kids are still in quiet yeah so you know
everything happens for a reason maybe we
were meant to leave this area earlier
tonight we would have if we stayed and
watched me free tickets too
we're just gonna get a piece to take
home with us well we drove an hour for
cheesecake is that okay yeah well happy
what'd you get mango feed line always I
got to get that keen line JP vet
tomorrow still Barrymore super late
so I'm gonna do comment of the day and
it comes from Jenn Marie seven and she
said I'm very proud of the way she
handles are stolen by pants until the
cherry allistic things are replaceable
and it's a different point of view to
actually feel bad for the thief going to
the extent of taking away from someone
else's property may they find the light
in their heart to stop stealing but on
things like that tend to turn people's
day is completely upside-down and to be
honest I didn't even really know Sam
blog about that so proud of reading in
the cupboards today and the feedback you
guys have for him so
oh babe although just Italian with no
last night in GZ we got into
accountability herbs and so my
accountability for the week is being
obedient to having a good attitude but I
don't want to have a good attitude we'll
see you guys tomorrow don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
