115 and school how is it 113th day
how many more days do you have left for
summer daddy the top isn't green yet
it's not dark three we'll have a good
day I love you you have to put your good
morning Pam basic Abram did something
miraculous this morning I took off his
diaper and I said Abram we're gonna be
undo buddies this morning so we just ran
around the house in our undies and he
pooped in the toilet and so I told him
if he went poop this morning that we
would go out and get him a prize yeah
what's the tricycles at maybe we should
give him a power wheel
there's a ball still didn't have
tricycles at Walmart so everyone's
basically almost done with his box of
diapers that was there was going to be
his last we headed by more when we took
our trip to California but we're getting
pretty close so I decided to go to start
now so we don't do a cold turkey he's
peeing everywhere
that is a missing bike somebody came
onto her property detach the trailer
from my bike and took the bike I
actually feel bad for the person who did
that to get that deep into sin where you
just go onto someone's property and take
the property without their permission
that is a really scary place to be in my
opinion I made a pull-up bar today like
and I want to build a dip machine
No maybe I will just get a gym
membership let's go see their new
couches let's go you just want some of
the keyboard what's up family hey guys
haven't seen you guys today I'm gonna GC
and I've got a bowl of salt
why would I have a bowl of salt we
usually have the kids up here in Mike
Injuns bedroom and they have the perfect
space for the lesson for tonight so I've
got a bucket of salt because I'm
learning about being the salt of the
world
you're gonna shine flashlights sing
songs do a story
super healthy we're gonna let our little
lights shine hello Oh gotcha but that's
there at the dinner table and next time
I go to luzina you're gonna do a hey
she's gonna put beads in your hair I
don't think so
not in a million years we get beads put
in your hair where'd you go just leave
it like that there you go put your hands
through was last time we've checked
that's good sis look at you growing Wow
she grew a lot
in half a year pretty consistent though
oh yeah eBay but I got some flowers
aren't they pretty
Sam took Abram out this morning and they
brought home flowers for me so let me
get this chocolate outside and it will
do comment on the day
move it's weird this is a tie-dye dress
so it's kind of like just a skeleton
like an x-ray vertebra
Cassidy cam Sula I love her comment
because I could not decide if this was a
fact or not
andrew is wearing the same shirt that he
was wearing when he left but he has a
lot of those sports he kind of soccer
looking shirts with collars and I was
like maybe I'm wrong about that but he
totally was wearing the same shirt when
he got back as when he left anyways guys
how sweet was it to see uncle juju again
so awesome he's back in town he's gonna
be living a little bit further away from
us but we were so happy to have him back
in near us because we just missed him
our kids form such a strong bond to him
and we're just thought he's back but
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other
