good morning guys yes shake take a faint
mist you know the kids are working on
projects this morning after breakfast
it's backwards somebody Oh
Abram our tea houses are you ready to
see what you're painting isn't that cool
that's new we have not seen that at
Hobby Lobby Big Bird
that's Flags and a door and everything
you can get really creative on there
that's looking good Abram oh wait you
gotta rinse it you gotta rinse it first
really good if you're gonna get a new
color really really good let me show you
whoa that is so neon I love it that your
favorite color
you're not almost done like you can do
this side to right here good morning
guys we're headed outside no the kids
are gonna jog well I paint reads and the
guys headed off to a photo shoot see you
later good bye
oh we love you - I'm great
hey you're crazy good night bar buddy
thank you mm-hmm
you have poopy pants no he wants to see
poopy pig oh if you poopy good luck
Matthew that's kind of match look at
this beautiful destination guys it's a
vineyard see you later Matt you took too
long bro I gotta get to work
this is where they getting married
obviously beautiful cross at the altar
perfect and this so where they getting
ready guys are upstairs
in there hi guys disgusting what's up
well definitely have to get a shot from
up here that's the benefit of having two
photographers you can send one in these
places I'll probably have my be comes
here and do some shots run up here
during the wedding well I do the safe
stuff I can sell my other things he took
an awesome photo see thank you
it is pretty such a pretty location it's
not beer trying to get a good foot on it
yeah now
we have time which means it's work time
for mommy
and I'm excited for you guys to be the
very first to know that I'm introducing
a couple of new products trained by Mia
can you guys take a guess at what it
might involve we've got headbands and
bows laying here so what the ladies are
getting ready hello everyone
excuse me this is Casey the bride her
hair dresser vanity that's a perfect
game for hair dresser I think show you
how it works I'm gonna start selling
these with my wreaths so first one is
gonna be yellow you can hold the camera
for me and you just open up your little
clothespin Telex orange from the camera
does it mm-hmm do you like it
yeah they do have a little frillies on
them so this is my headband holder it
will be available in my Etsy shop I have
like an announcement coming tonight that
things are going to be live tonight so
I'm super duper excited I also made some
hair bow holders they're not the same
I'd rather wait and show you guys like
on the website but what the heck they're
they're like miniature and like you
would get them as like a set so instead
of having one big hair bow holder you
would do like this one here you hold
this one one would be high oh yeah
like that and one would be low
so while the kids have been playing
play-doh and such you're making a baby
registry at target.com one thing that
I've never had and with my fourth
pregnancy now when and I've never had
one of these so I registered I really
want when my mom said she would possibly
money I like these sheets I decided to
register for those are like the plush
one Muslim swathi and the ladies
laughing was everyone you're doing and
while we were sitting here she had she
just keeps cooking so much let's take
one guess oh gosh look at it it's a it's
going right here right yeah oh my gosh
she is over here yeah oh my gosh is it
this is her over here - I didn't see
that I can't gosh she's everywhere she
doesn't have a lot of room in there it's
she's like oh right here oh my gosh just
like yeah are you cooking yeah Wow and
are you cleaning yes wet Oh what is it
my birthday
no the Mother's Day you guys are just
doing so good at helping mommy just so
great and we're having breakfast
Symphony loves to watch me cook
scrambled eggs
she calls it what do you say magic oh
it's magic let's switch it around a
little bit you really gentle hear it
yeah
Nikki's come on thank you I'm making it
turn into Eddie's wow you're doing it
I'm really doing oh my goodness you're
cooking eggs at five years old I can't
believe I'm cooking you're actually oh
did you get kind of inside there you go
there you go good job girl oh they're so
proud ha
all right that's such a good kill give
it mine good job how are Susie's eggs
that their great wedding is over oh is
it guys a good wedding it was Matt you
didn't good job you too Sam Thanks
these are lessee a long-term leave these
things they you go within a couple
minutes longer than pajamas all our teen
or kitties anywhere do this you can do
homework while I read that's not how you
do it Sam Ali and Charlie all yell with
the light please come to my home made it
back home guys and I gotta say something
funny that happened tonight
I wore my strap-on completely like all
my stuff in the back and nobody told me
until I finally asked Matt feels like
why is this hook right here and he's
like oh you got your strap-on back or
this is what look like just false
picture of it so stupid looking clay
that I suppose it looks like it's like
this is supposed to be up here this boy
is my head supposed to be in here you're
the talk of the wedding
you see his trap oh you can't pretend
you're sleeping today guys was a working
day for Annie and I I hear Nia was
working really hard today just staring
nap time and after Ben I played a lot
with kids to comment of the day comes
from Erika Adams and she said watch out
Sam you don't mess with a pregnant girl
lol oh it's so good to see you guys
acting having fun with each other
I feel being goofy sometimes in a
relationship is what helps to keep it
alive love you all
I just love that it's so true having
good sense of humor being able to laugh
together does help to keep things alive
so I totally hear that I think humor
keeps every day and every aspect of life
live yeah what is it laughter is the
best medicine in the Bible
yeah so booyah not only about the color
of the people who say I'm over-the-top
oh it's weird there a lot of comments
like that today no yeah but we'll see
you guys tomorrow don't forget we love
you remember
each other
