good morning guys how are you guys doing
today I am off to go kayaking I'm so
excited
I bought this kayak how has it been
honey three months ago just been sitting
in the back yard and I'm finally getting
to take it out and he's just gonna hang
out here and do reefs she has a goal of
making a treats today good luck huh
thank you for tonight for during the day
for tonight when the kids go to bed
that's my goal we'll see it's awesome I
think he doing
she has been so busy with the wreath
making guys I'm pretty excited for her
because she's very excited to be doing
it I'll see you later honey I love you
well I came out to exercise and now I'm
just exploring kind of going along the
edges of the lake spider get off my boat
yikes
and you guys would not believe what I
found
Wilson its Wilson guys
I just tired across the light guys well
and I just almost fell too so that's
probably poison oak I will have poison
oak tomorrow just by walking past that I
went from all the way over there to all
the way over here that's about a mile
some boat is over here to pick you
spying on me all right time to go back
dinner is served we are having a made
barbecue chicken and instead of putting
Sam's on Brad I put it on top of some
salad with crunch stuff walnut I have
not cooked asparagus except for once so
my goal was to roast it in the oven I
think I cooked it too long but I did
like balsamic vinegar honey salt and
pepper and some olive oil on top and I
just cooked it for 20 minutes of course
should we do your hair yeah do you want
daddy to do it you undo your own here
the basketball shoes coming up does
mommy look beautiful this is how you do
it when you're two pregnant tell if
there may be in the car seat and daddy's
tape oh what a good job what a good
helper that will also make things easier
when we get a newborn he can get in the
car by himself then one of us buckle him
after I get the baby in now works so
much better
Sam's getting all loaded up six-eight
super excited refreshing refilling night
we're about to whoa good luck
I'll see you in a little while
check this out that is awesome
it's just like
are you the last one
oh there's one right there it's not
mommy but it's thinking he's buddy
yeah ah thank you buddy let's go find
mommy can't be looking like that cool he
said that's not mommy
bummer
let's here get the baby to kick so you
get some footage of it you see chicken
all right now Symphony you gotta go
brush your teeth
baby it's really obvious when she kicks
guys you can like see rolling across her
stomach she doesn't get water in my face
oh my brand-new shirt really described
as making fun of her she's like uh
somebody when it let me take a nap or
sleep in it sounds it's cool and if you
turn it around there's a cup of water
right in that place you think you got me
good huh get some oil on your face
you're gonna regret that honey I'm gonna
get you I'm gonna get you real good
you better watch your back hey anyway
I've been videoing at church tonight
looks like I charge my batteries and get
ready for the wedding tomorrow for some
reason that's just rush it ouch check
out all the suitcases
Wow
what's that honey I can't hear you did
you say something so did you get four
Reese done
I did get for each set did you wait one
oh that one's the dorms two three three
three
we made a stir one yeah how'd you do
that I had a van order somebody ordered
it Easter wreath for next year
Wow some people really think ahead I'm
cooking popcorn have much left honey I'm
really sorry but I can't share the
popcorn with you today there's just not
enough are you serious look up that's
all there is that's all we have left
don't you dare throw a little me I heard
you see you're about to put him up there
all me I want but you can't get in my
reasoning for my customers you're
throwing that would be so much fun to
watch boy you better share of me give me
the popcorn to call okay show me a t
sure you any Sony already picked the
comic for coming today on the way home
there's something about me starting a
garden Loren Mabry said Sam you have
said recently in a few vlogs feeling
down I think you need a project why not
start a garden
I really think you would do very well at
that plus you'd be working with the
earth God put us on earth to work with
his creations I think you would succeed
at that and I totally agree with her my
dad had a garden when I was growing on
my whole life and he loved it I mean it
was like I don't know I would say he was
just really good at it
we always had like crops like we had all
the kinds of vegetables fruit he was
always proud of what he did and I think
did you ever grow popcorn it's guy
popcorn trees
anyway no popcorn though really to give
it a little pump or a big record that
where it comes it's so good that makes
it so good
Sony's guys tomorrow this guy has a
wedding so it's just gonna be me and the
kids hanging at the house I'm hoping
sandy will be free I sent her a text
haven't heard back from her but she
moved further away from us I don't get
to see her as often so I'm hoping she'll
just come over and hang out tomorrow
we'll see but anyways guys don't forget
we love you and remember
