by a broom and I are off to Rockwall to
run some errands my mom is at the
doctor's office I took her early this
morning and she's having one of those
procedures done where she needs to me to
pick her back up so she can't drive
herself for a little while
are you ready for a day with mommy you
need be we're not gonna see Juliette
today we'll see bebo you know ya know
just bebo
whoa dude now you're ready oh wait a
minute
oh now you're ready it is on you're so
bossy mommy what do I look like your
chauffeur cheeks or use it all so pretty
okay so I'm meeting like a little plaque
that I can write happy fourth y'all want
it I like this one but I think it's a
little bit it's just wooden I don't know
it's kind of big but I think it might
look better than yeah all right guys
we're all done at Hobby Lobby and now
hello hey mom how'd it go
good okay okay we'll be there in just a
little bit b-boss all done now
you ready go get her
let's go time
hey Russell where's my meatballs we just
got ourselves a meatball dear all right
we got three of them these are big all
right you're always telling people all
about Disneyland no he doesn't like the
memory of the pirate ship oh you guys
beep beep bumpy everyone raspberry buddy
how about a strawberry how about a
raspberry geez how about sorry there's
some creme brulee okay you kind of start
there
there right there right there big juicy
strawberries for you but Mama's gonna
put your debt for you okay yeah baby I
just gave Symphony something special
tell us what it is again that's
synchronized right right grandmother's
first promise right it's way over a
hundred look at it what are you thinking
that Symphony and this was your grandma
Cypress
see your mama's mom start pretty little
cross everybody we the fam we're all the
way to GC usually have our GC up Tuesday
but today we're having like a so if I'm
not mistaken our GC tonight is going to
be centralized on mission right and
we're having some missionaries from
India coming out to talk to us about
their experiences and and we're late
and we're like yeah what I want to start
as we're starting issues of course
nothing new there yeah
yes we're at Jack house a lot of you
guys were asking while my thumb was
painted green yesterday I'll tell you
why I have a lot of trouble finding the
motivation to get out and do yard work I
said maybe if I force myself to have a
green thumb I'll be ever going to make a
difference in our front yard so I
painted my thumb come on kids let's go
to jack house don't fall good job man
I'm waiting for you to talk I see you up
there
thank you so much for to be here tonight
when I was a child probably five or six
years old I ended up outside with the
kids okay well it's time to go but you
can have a cookie before we go from the
night his Abraham hey Rob hey Rob he's
looking for me now how're y'all on the
playroom house it has a massive playroom
in here see play there's only one role
in this building and some room
hey Milo with that bud this is a cool
place this is like the kids little
dreamland yeah you can't see Nana all
right let's go then
what again again I bubble shelf and I
saw a video okay and she got a sticker
um oh she said so how was your day today
honey so that was such a blessing guys
we got to hear from missionaries the
Lawrences they have a program or they're
a part of a program called Christian
relief that was children's relief
children's relief ministries yeah we got
it and what he is he's a pastor they're
both educated pastors and what they're
trying to do is to make more pastors in
South India Australia missionaries were
martyred working
India as doctors and he was over there
like on his cruise ship like they
thought they could about it was like I
know the Indian language I need to go
over there and do what these people were
trying to do we were murdered they were
burned to death and their Jeep where
they're sleeping their family in India
man such a horrible story but that's not
a scam and Here I am guys having a bad
day kind of in a mopey mood do you ever
have those bad days we're just a gray
cloud just rolls in over your day and
you're just trying to get out from
underneath it all day long that's kind
of where I was that today
all right so comment of the day goes to
Kaylee Brown love that you had a
tech-free date night
it wasn't exactly tech free cuz we had
our vlogger even though me I said it was
tech free I took that part out of
Barker's I was like it's not tech free
because we have our camera yeah but
we're not like connected to anyone but
each other key we're always connected
yeah yeah I don't you know Holmes My
partner and I've started doing that
recently and we have found that
sometimes you just need to get rid of
the distractions and focus on one
another PS ice cream thumb there Sam
lotta green thumbs comments yeah green
thumb cause it was definitely a good
idea to do it without the phones because
I don't know I'm just kind of naturally
drawn to my phone for some reason I
guess because it's such a habit to go to
it and it's just
he does have a bad habit and it's well
we got other problems like we are
leaving our phones in the console and we
had such a great night we did yes such a
great time you know and it's funny it's
funny because I was thinking about Eddie
ever tell Sam this yeah but you know
when you've been together for as long as
we have sometimes the topics run out
it's hard to find something to talk
about but you think it's because why'd
you stop and you think it's because
we've been together for so long but
that's not true it's like we're becoming
so much more connected to social media
and our phones and stuff like that it
hasn't I think it really actually
doesn't even have that much to do with
housing the skill of conversation yes
what losing it works in practice and
we're so comfortable with each other we
just like naturally do it like whatever
we're not newly dating or anything so
just having that discipline as a couple
it's a good thing I really noticed that
was and I like to like it was easy to
talk and that's very nice
so we'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget as always we need and I love you
remember to love each other
