I am headed off to a playdate I look
very sleepy this morning
I am very sleepy this morning but
nevertheless playdates call I'm headed
and there
nickel-plated baby yeah ding hey guys
the playdates over really wasn't one of
those playdates where I felt comfortable
vlogging I mean Angela we're talking a
lot I feel like we were having good deep
conversations good afternoon guys I'm
cooking it up here in the kitchen
I got a creme brulee going for Nia she's
been craving it since her pregnancy and
I still haven't made her one so I'm
surprising her with one today and when I
got that cooking I'm making a salad for
me a quinoa salad today to avocado
quinoa salad I've made a mixture of
chickpeas cucumbers mint lemon and what
else a little bit of onion and some
quinoa and then you put that over some
mixed greens and on top of that put some
avocado is that amazing no sound good
can I have my taste mom I think you
Roenick it yeah
avocado just for the top of it cool I
realize you were cooking right now I'm
glad I didn't stop for lunch
me too almost stop digger Hey the one
key one brings out the taste of them
brushing it yeah oh my goodness
thinking I'm really like I think I'm
gonna love it so funny that he text me
was telling me like he's going to the
store do I need anything
and I was like I really want some more
quinoa and like that Mexican dish he
made and he was already making sound
that's so cool
lunch is served
looks like your creme brulee down on me
oh yeah people get me to make that
pop came that pan probably a lot better
I let that cool don't cook it for now
now it's time to do some plant paint
because this tree keeps falling out so
I'll put that one in there well still
falling out
well that was easy enough you know it's
ready when you can flip it over doesn't
fall out that's a good custard right
there right now it's time to apply that
brew today just put a little layer like
this okay
that's how it's supposed to look right
there nice and burnt
I wanted to retreat after our date night
but she's gonna go ahead and try it now
because I'm just too excited I haven't
made this in so long I feel like I did a
really good job this time I'm excited to
summer all right sweetie
that's a nice lunch there's an ice cream
nice little texture there look at that
not runny is it good so what do you
think tis like ice cream what you don't
like it whoa boy Ross that's right okay
on one what bloody but we have to McCann
is here let's go say hi to her hi hi
Michaela welcome do you like the yard I
did some work on it today so thank you
selectable truly delectable dish there
you got something very special happened
right thanks our lifetime commitment
papers hello
I want to go eat up in 303 here's a clue
guys hello
we made it to something else
so does she's here to get her wedding
ring finally he has been here since so
winter after you milady
oh so shining you when she know he just
received the answering Han is anybody
here early yeah
wait he's got something he's got an
envelope I might need John this one one
said it is it
sure see you there to me with my green
thumb so shiny I love it ah well it's
perfect you don't think it'll slide off
yeah it is a little bit don't think
that's too roomy it is a little roomy
huh
Oh like a know what size did you get
it's like a 44 oh I'm supposed to get
3.75 maybe sometimes a man's over
No so we're probably undescended to get
sized yeah for sure 204 I guess and then
maybe do sizing beads from that and hit
up I'm afraid to go down to 327 five
like I'm afraid of although I have to go
another two weeks running on 12 weeks
suppose me 14 weeks explain why weeks
well basically the era wing would not
size my ring down to a four four and a
quarter because it messes with the
integrity of the ring like the prongs at
the diamond don't know cuz that's the
smallest they make it yeah and this is
the smallest that Vera Wang would make
it so now we've got the sails to resize
it even smaller even smaller so she
doesn't get it back today
how frustrating I feel like I'm never
going to be
bye-bye wedding ring box No
so dinner I'm having a Braxton Hicks oh
so we're having dinner here at this
house Bonnie you're really tall just
kidding local favorite here gotta pee so
Nina just put these arrested okay I said
we'll meet out here this place is like a
maze I've no idea where I'm going and
she is done before me waited for me I
guess yeah they're waiting for a second
away there's no way he's still going
so how like I misunderstood he met me
out here I wash my hands after I'm done
at least 30 seconds so this guy over
here it comes over there with his
daughter and I might do you think I
asked his daughter can you know my wife
is it because I'm out there way in and
is like what you are just a print one
right goes yeah sure room at the table
and I'm gonna go wait I musta came out
as soon as you come up I'll see you left
I just think it's so funny in Austin
here like if you must have to go
communication cool picking that salad
guys is that not look nice balls there
and on that burger
pepper jack for robbery male horse I
split the tomatoes a nice shiny things
happen it's a big old bite the cell
resume to the collar is called a big
hillside
yeah yes I've been telling Sam for so
long to have the best food here that was
the most flavorful salad I've ever had
like by far I was just saying it's going
on here kind of like I was putting my
chair
there's a culinary masterpiece and it
was it was perfection in the mouth it
was a party in my mouth don't want to
feel like a party mother I love this
place
now you're eating my burger Oh gross and
by the way they have incredible desserts
here but I'm gonna say no I'm going to
say that is we have cream really way to
go the last time I was here actually was
a girls night a hack with ladies
research and I had the creme brulee I
gotta say I like Sam's better even
though they do have amazing dessert he
said it was close but we're saving 25
bucks apparently by going home - yeah
also we left our phones in the car so
that we could have more of a date night
and connect so we're gonna have to say
good night to you guys about the room
comment of the day I'm sorry but just
you tomorrow and don't forget we love
bloody children no but seriously I don't
remember the last time I got that
excited about the meal
you can't make it
me shout
for their missed
