don't morning guys we got three hours of
sleep last night
symphonie got about seven hours of sleep
and now I'm getting her Marny worried
how sleepy are you pretty sleepy oh yeah
you've been traveling get a princess hmm
bye sweetie I love you have a good day
back at school and when I say back to
the grind earlier I mean it I'm at Hobby
Lobby no I just dropped something off at
school and I have quite a few things to
purchase today
getting started report the July order
that's kind of cool have a red white and
blue MC as though there's no white for a
lot here you just have to get that
special cut I'll go over there for that
guys I scored big I did not think this
is still going to be here check it out
this bag giant bag full of Easter eggs
all of the ones 80% off there were a
dollar and forty cents to keep it that's
a good job that's good deal apparently
stuck boys don't like to be called up to
Frank to take people's baskets out the
same Brookshire's you know okay no we
need groceries at the house of nothing
and we have some stuff but we need like
fruits veggies and coffee creamer
working on a new project at home not a
crafty project welcome back to Texas
guys I'm welcoming ourselves home by
giving Oreo a bath
Cynthia's reaction was so priceless when
she first saw Oreo she came in and she
was just like oh my gosh oh you were so
small and she just kept on laughing
about it she thought was hilarious how
small she is I think she was just used
to seeing Charlie who's as big as she is
you gonna help me bathe or you need a
bib or snacks or you don't good job you
got firsts white again haven't
conditioned her a little bit this time
okay guys so the little project I was
telling you about
I guess I'm officially nesting I'll be
32 weeks uh towards the end of this week
and I've just I've got a declutter the
house there are just certain areas in
the house that drive me crazy and what
I'm done decluttering those I'd like to
just find other areas that are not so
bad and you know kind of fix them up too
so area number one with my bathroom shop
so here it is now still not completely
finished but yesterday it was completely
covered okay my new and improved
decluttered shelf it's not glamorous but
it looks better than it did five minutes
ago and it's definitely more organized
and more stress-free
we were on vacation for almost two weeks
with literally the bare necessities we
had clothes toothpaste shampoo and food
and lotions like I mean I just we didn't
need anything we don't need all the
stuff that we have so the next area that
I want to cleared off was the bar above
our sink
I found this today at t.j.maxx it was
really inexpensive and I thought that's
the perfect little tray to hold all of
Sam's like healthy like chia seeds his
green grass it's right next to a juicer
and
fruit knives whatever it just feels
cleaner like I don't even care if
there's flowers there anymore like give
me a basket or a bowl of fresh fruit and
that's just as pretty
so now on to this room ah another area
that but consistently kind of stresses
me out and like I don't know this annoys
me I did get a new stool I got a clean
one that folds up and saves space and so
I'm going to be donating as many hugs as
I can
getting rid of this book she'll just sin
you know oh no way
that's baby Abram I can't throw that
picture away look at that little smirk
all right the kids just got back home
from school and we're gonna play a
little game of wet heads what do you say
cup yeah roll still wet head with cold
water strap on the head and cross your
fingers and spin the top and start to
pray as another player removes one of
the eight clubs they just strip here
with that okay and pull out a towel no
water pull out pretty cool you did all
right customer ready
nothing nothing
Oh sniff a stir put the head on now
she's going down
Oh one of the red straws out adding in
the water in just don't you fill it up
right there yeah ready to play water
roulette are you gonna play with us oh
here we go
Tiffany do you want to pull it let me
you pull it all the top you gotta know
your cake and you're holding you safe
pull it out Cup and just mix it up I
guess no all right cup your turn
you're gonna get it good one ready your
turn let me go like heaven no we gotta
pull it off it doesn't matter what you
want is called water roulette all right
technique a spin top your turns just
pull it up given let the water dumped on
you Tiffany will simply pull pick a
winner
April Fool's there's no water too far
others too great do another one
I don't know but you did good you lost
him till the very last pick my review
was fun
passes the time on a warm day and if the
kids weren't scared of it really fine I
got a little unmotivated with my
decluttering sandy came over earlier
well she didn't I motivate me though and
I just brought a big bag of stuff she
did haven't seen sandy in like two weeks
yeah way crazy crazy right crazy huh
tonight I'm making dinner I've been
wanting to try out quinoa I've been
eating this kind of roll in my oatmeal
in the mornings and I really want to
learn how to cook it so today I'm going
to make a Mexican pan of quinoa just as
she would cook everything together bring
it all to a boil go ahead a can of beans
nice having trouble up some bell pepper
want a clove minced garlic side of our
clove sure wanna kick corn
one cup of salsa
and called for vegetable broth it's
supposed to be a vegetarian meal but I'm
not vegetarian you know I am trying to
lean more that way since this is all we
have
maybe this chicken broth and it calls
for a cup and a half of this and then
one line
I said once it comes to a boil bring it
to a simmer for 20 minutes or 25 minutes
or once all the broth is evaporated so
what is a simmer that is a question here
one second Center okay looks like rice
some cilantro I have a feeling that kids
are gonna be very keen on this key
that's good what do you think honey look
at those good they really Halen hungry
lets it be like that like it
one lassie is it good octi it spicy
would you like it I was like wow lit
delicious very delicious for delicious
and nutritious now your clay creamier
it's rice it was like lamb ears
try it's really good uh-huh my food I'm
not back and well bye look it's good huh
yeah right here
well why would he have a spoon we all
have six I'm finally done my last area
of the day is super late I think it's
past midnight and I stayed up to finish
this because tomorrow I need to just
really get to work on orders the funny
thing though I guess I'm still kind of
on California time because it's twelve
seventeen I don't feel that tired and I
make myself go lay down
but first comment of the day comment of
the day goes to Rebecca Burgess long
story short she was watching her vlog
and her husband walked in the room and
was like he saw us on the screen and he
said hey that's Steve and his daughter
and turns out that her husband is our
uncle Stephens mailman and knows uncle
Stephen to recognize him and his
daughter isn't that such a funny story I
thought that was such a coincidence
thank you for sharing that Rebecca we
both got a kick out of that but anyways
guys tomorrow is a new day and we will
see you then don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
but they missed
