and my car battery is dead again good
morning good morning guys you're
probably wondering why I'm wearing a
sweater with hearts all over at night I
am having a little galantine celebration
when you're getting together with
someone like gal and we're just gonna
hang out and have good food it's gonna
be really sweet but for that I need to
go to the store right now I need to grab
some things for food and also I think I
want to have little favors there so I
need to grab something small that I can
put in like a small packaging to like
give them as a favor oh great you guys
my car battery is dead again and I did
not leave anything on last night there
were no Dean's no lights I checked I
double-checked then I got everyone out
everything out and in the house and then
I came back and I triple check to make
sure nothing is on guys I'm feeling
really really frustrated right now I got
the kids out ready to go put them in
their seat I can't even go run my
errands I need to run I'm supposed to go
to this thing tonight my car's dead I'm
worried that it's just gonna die every
single time I turned it off now this is
so incredibly frustrating looking like a
house in the making now right before it
was just like hopeless but now when you
expose these beams it's like getting
down to the core who you are you know
I'm rebuilding it so that's what's going
on with this house once you finally get
down that core find all the bad things
in your life you terrible we get down to
the skeleton and who you are comes fully
exposed and only then are you ready to
start rebuilding all this is cleaned up
if you recall that's where Andrew broke
the water heater because you're on the
water here difficult
- freaking job so what's next on our
agenda well they have Labor Day Labor
means work and think that's the day
where people claim they have spring
cleaning unless it's a real dad but you
would call it cleaning day not a good
day because you know a lot of people
forget you know there's a dirty stuff
under the bed if you leave it though
it's time to move guys can tell I'm
doing myself alright guys my precious
neighbors over here Blaine and Sally
came over and get my card jump and they
both really really feel like I need to
take it and have my battery looked at
since this is the second time in one
week that my battery has died I want to
do something for them to thank them for
getting out in this freezing cold
weather poor Blaine has been undergoing
chemotherapy he has cancer that has
spread pretty far into his bones and I
just definitely did not want to go over
and ask them and so I asked all of the
neighbors that I have their phone
numbers up first and they either didn't
respond or they're out of town not here
I'm so grateful one thing okay Aaron
number one is down you guys want to see
what I got
Valentine's cookies something looks so
cute I gave him a little sneak taste of
one was it delicious did
me one week into the box and take one oh
no are you gonna do it though no good
job so I'm at Walmart getting my battery
looked at hopefully there's not too much
today
yeah oh man I need a new battery I love
the beams up here guys I'm gonna save
him for a special project for the house
it's actually real to my pretty sure
it's been like 30 years since they've
been building two by fours into one in
half by three and a half's these two by
fours are actually one and a half three
and a half so these are kind of special
they're super old or antique I'm gonna
do something with them I don't want to
get rid of them just so we have
something from the house but they are
coming down simply try to pick up a
cactus show me where that okay see him
oh man yeah I don't have tweezers on me
and my gloves have them inside
man yes what's touching cactus I guess
you love that now huh
Oh
and one more it's tiny it's like I'm
grabbing your beard down in there show
me where that bad bad cactus is that was
you try to pick those up and don't even
step on their getting shoot and
everything okay we have finally made it
into Walmart still in jammies still in
jail so first stop is to get some
bubbles Abram found his bubble machine
this morning and he asked if we could
grab some bubble Juliette sees something
that she likes a car flips ooh oh okay
hook you you've learned that word so
well look at these guys I'm just like a
kid that's what she wanted to hold we
hold it but we're not going to take it
home with this okay you guys look at
this the last nice I didn't realize
Walmart carrying these I've seen them at
bookstores there's like Calico Critters
and they're like a family of bunny Abram
a Juliette oh my god hey I found the
bubbles here they are there's blue and
there's red which one's Betty blue or
red right blue I knew you'd pick blue
okay you're in charge of these
let's get somebody from repeats board I
think of another charcuterie board
tonight instead of serving soup I was
gonna make a soon I think I want to make
this new four-lane Italian term for
tonight
all right nap time is over and I told
Abram we could do level Sandy's here
she's getting ready to go to our
Valentine galantine
beautiful so while everyone's playing
the bubbles I'm about to head over to
our neighbors and take them some yummy
yep before I head out to galantine
originally I was gonna make this suit
before the party tonight
and I decided that instead I want to
take it to Blaine and Sally and I
gathered up some things for a cheese
board for the galantine party just like
cheeses meats crackers dip and I'm gonna
take this awesome soup Blaine and I'm
gonna show you my amazing dancing skills
walking around right now and I'm about
to do it obstacle course you guys want
to do it with me
one two one two blue go back into the
blue circle go this way
just as our last stretch now watch me
stressful day
we're at Andrea's house it's been a
while since you guys have been she
sweetly offered to host us here this
evening
hi Andrea where's this already being so
silly it's so fine metals yeah you did a
picture minute I don't even do balance I
like it looks really good are you just
needed you know so Jenna used to work in
a chocolate factory and she made these
they are my favourite treats that she
makes
hello girl don't you want to have a
galentine's talking with me this is like
um snapchat filters but in real life hey
Nicole welcome to galantine what are you
most excited about
sorry I'm do food oh yeah oh my gosh I
got a toy yo I heard another podcaster
that I know they were like if you're
living your life where you're most
excited about the food when you go to a
place you're living your life wrong
smells like wallhack I live in my life
to go for the people
it's awesome restaurant
guys that was so much fun I had an
awesome time with all my girls I know I
didn't do a lot of logging but I just
wanted to be present and enjoy the
moment and just show you guys little
glimpses of the night so that's what
happens Tiffany and I are having times
that this quaint a restaurant we found
right down the road just recently open
thank you guys for joining us about
awesome little galentine's party that we
had we played games we talked we had
food it was really lots of good laughs
we'll replace the skin bow so for
question of the day what are you doing
for Valentine's Day let us know in the
comments below
so anyways we'll see you guys tomorrow
again remember to love each other
cleaning up the house
