the birdie right there
whoa that Gary Arnaz our coupon us work
for de Guise the family is out here in
this beautiful California morning we're
going to eat at this cafe here I'm not
sure about it with the kids with stats
coffee your meatballs I don't think they
have a cafe buddy
so I think they're good I want to bite
take a bus sisters have my whole thing
there you love you well if you have to
thank me
mmm good
yeah booger he knows buddy who wants to
see some helicopters and jets and boats
hey you are go see airplanes and stuff
you could get butterflies ah yes so what
something early to do for say okay why
oh this sounds cool yeah nice sound
laughing yeah let's go check it out
doing a flight really
oh thank you
you
you
Oh
well guys like all these bubbles
somebody's blowing a bunch of bubbles
over here come on let's get close to it
come on come on
Oh
Oh God
here
the boat
ah
we're picking up pizza to take to
Stephanie's house afternoon
right before Symphony passed out I was
like sweetie are you gonna take a nap -
she was like I try not to I don't cause
you guys this has been so much fun I
love going to historical museums and as
I was saying earlier at the Museum it's
just so special to me sharing it with
Symphony like we really took advantage I
did I really take advantage and taught
her things while they were showing films
or while we were reading signs I made
sure to read it out loud for her and she
lets saying things like that's so sad
that that many people died and it's so
sad that this is a real life thing that
happened we were just so sweet I'm just
so glad that we got to do this together
yeah man so I just go in and get a
couple different flavors and stuff
needed right back just to reminder guys
this is where our meetups gonna be it me
and a small asylum a small table we made
it turn Stephanie's guys we're here guys
and Stephanie's pizza I show you
many time Stefan E's got pizza and
yogurt God you you do symphony we're at
Jessica's house we got pizza we got
yogurt oh you heard me she just want to
keep resting for oh I'm sorry
Nathan's heart charlie
yeah hi Charlie I Marilyn get us all our
skills are we really forces my style huh
what's this that's my style
Stephanie just taste right over is that
Stephanie do huh how's your house you
kind of take care of you're so sweet
Papa Mia Stephanie how's the pizza baby
two thumbs up oh wait oh and we gotta we
gotta choke them everything go for
thumbs up well cue your heads with them
right now five thumbs going this animal
II I was gonna cook with tops on you
said I was like oh that's kinda nice for
you she was water because I work for
health
eat my daddy oh it's so good baby
it's so cute good job baby how far for
that there you go
you facing on your hand have a seat we
eat your little yogurts have a by
tomorrow Sylvia Marsh mellow they're
called mochi balls are Fenella can you
say mochi mochi can't monkey marshmallow
mochi marshmallows let me tell you my
fellow oh yeah they are look kind of
like in the middle of marshmallow and a
tummy chew marshmallows hey what are
y'all doing in here Oh waivers excited
to I'm amazing
you hold that pipe I have melters my
easy-bake oven and I always get used
it's a no beer oh yeah and you push this
down and you turn the thing are you
helping too
mainly gonna be Symphony though you're
so sweet and Stephanie's making brownies
or simply you need oil and tell me where
it says hey how many is it to a good
Johnson oh you are good she slams down
there because you're like cooking for
you I'm sorry take your jacket off risky
is anyone in your family upsetting I am
and Andres I don't know you're my mom
was too oh and Stephen is next that also
much better from both sides home is
handled well at one time one time let's
do that very brownie just like this well
can we just
what's up mixing yummy I want to try the
drowning my head you want to scoop it
out you to pretend is you're left-handed
your triggers in you so I school she
writes with your left your grandma with
them unattended you they smell delicious
yeah pick one just one from the plate
Wow - whoo they're nice and warm so
we're gonna go ahead and do comment of
the day as we're driving home tomorrow's
kind of a heavy day also going to be
sort of a fun day though we're gonna
make it fun and so get shoes to make for
that and today's comment of the day
comes from Payton vlogs and I loved what
she had to say she said Symphony doesn't
get enough credit for being so patient
with a broom she is so good with him did
you hear that Symphony Payton thinks you
are so good with a brownie no very
patient
hey Abrams not shimmery he's really not
how do you be such a good big sister
how'd you learn how to do that and thank
you guys for noticing that we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget guys we love you
and remember don't forget
we love you remember to have fun in
California
marshmallows
