morning everyone happy Easter happy what
were you telling a from you said Abram
today's the day the day that Jesus what
were you saying to him in bed
Marnie cranky what you mad about you
want to eat some breakfast morning
everyone is frightened early on Easter
morning and I'm getting ready to make
some breakfast eggs and some sausage a
little potatoes
what's a target last night after Easter
precious boy helping delicious what it
is it is better with a happy smile in my
role is slowly a kid what a handsome
little man watch your step Oh
we got a B what the caucus Oh sleepy
church boy
we're at church with aunt Marilyn this
morning good morning symphonies talking
to Julie action dude yes kind of snorkel
on me a little bit in fact it's a very
cornerstone of the gospel that we have
no gospel if we have no resurrection
Paul says in 1st Corinthians 15 of
Christ is not raised your faith is
worthless and you are still in your sins
then a reliance upon the power of the
Holy Spirit because of the resurrection
of Christ so we're going to consider
this I'm going to look at this under 4
points
we are at a Maryland leather church boys
always look at the palatte making and
symphony they burn out wanting to share
Sam's outside hiding Easter eggs summer
came back as a bunny are you gonna look
for my own did you get that cuz they
didn't have a shirt good because I'm
hiding some parm and my hair fell down I
barely grabbed it missed it all up we
were hiding Easter eggs
Jessica is like very thorough about this
and a good job this video this is Josh
here hi hi Danny he's got the majority
of eggs it's a pretty small yard to be
hiding like how many eggs did you guys
make hundred enemy is at least a hundred
right I should have counted them before
we hid them so we knew how many we had
yeah there's only three kids to find all
these eggs for Easter eggs
yeah let's go over here you see some
yellow pink
just reach it can you get a favorite in
your basket
the egg hunt is over
looks like summer got second place after
Symphony this poor guy woke up at 6:30
and stick his nap thank you no night did
it
nothing that's my uncle's favor guys but
I'm thinking my mom's brother but I'm
thinking that he teaches Japanese sorry
Vicky not robots I teach I teach English
Oh English I mean he teaches English to
Japanese he's really good at it
guys he makes a lot of money pretty
awesome but yeah does it look like my
mom online let me draw looks like you're
playing Batman out here there is the man
of the hour
what's up bro this guy actually it's an
umbrella yeah I got him all right I play
wiener
oh I gotta follow the badminton is it
badminton or Batman Batman man that's my
hat dude I bet wearing this hat
edelbrock somebody left it at their
house they don't know who it belongs to
oh thanks okay thanks baby the 70 are
here are from Texas to visit family San
Diego and what is our family donating
the trip from sponsor lady definitely
have it there
excuse me talk about spot needy actually
staying home she loves a spot needed I
cannot thank you it's and we're going to
have the Easter hunt tomorrow it's gonna
be here spontaneous there's no event
didn't happen there you oh there is
uncle mark everybody we did shoot video
for you for did you guys shoot video
from 24 put it on the Hyatt right
wonderful
yeah you know my friend their carcasses
dozen event Maryland uh Nick blow this
is a theologian here right I'm learning
okay that's cool always right cool
because of the church legitimate grace
what is the conference Bible Church
monitoring video anyway the watching the
blog while I'm blogging them
that was some good food good company
it's all kind of like being back home I
really like the wall me because it
tasted my burger bro thank you
well do not cook bacon this is so good
it was ham silly it was cooked
yeah well cook yeah I like them oh you
laid them out what do you mean what they
just put in the bag here no she I was
blushing down she'd have them all laid
out on oh you had a MOSFET uh y'all have
your Olaf jammies you're good I love him
buddy
bro I ever started this new thing you
picked up today yeah
Marilyn's house I don't know who you
think the rest from shows your scary
face buddy you're trying to intimidate
me tell me to go downstairs and get in
some juice yeah and then we started
laughing at DME work anyway that's not
funny
that's scary they're so cute sleeping
ahead of you guys love it so sweet
hotels yeah
loud bang we got a little side rail here
and if that doesn't do it we have this
automatic push against it so befalls
I'll hit that breath do you feel about
us celebrating Easter today with Easter
eggs and Easter Egg votes and even using
the term Easter well I kind of talked
about a little bit earlier I think
there's always room for the traditional
things that that are fun with kids as
long as we're teaching our kids with the
true meaning of Easter is about and we
are so as long as they know the true
story that's okay what do you guys think
so I was thinking today what if the
Resurrection never happened what if that
part of the Bible just that part was big
lie everything else was true he can't he
died but he never conquered death what
would that mean I don't know what would
that change it would mean that anybody
who was Christians in our family who
died did not go to heaven they were
straight to hell that's Satan or death
conquered good I never thought about
that way I would have thought in my head
like I'm very like surface answer like
oh it's the same Jesus still died for
our sins but no that's so not true
oh he had the resurrection it's a huge
thank you that's what the gospel
centered around resurrection of Jesus
anyway we love you guys and we hope to
see you guys Saturday if you can make it
yeah nobody will ever meet at I mean up
on Saturday tomorrow we don't have any
plans but we'll probably do something
fun
the weather's supposed to get really
cold and I packed summer stuff for the
rest of our trip they're calling 60 what
- 62 63 okay really cold
that's the high so that means like it's
probably gonna be like Oh 59 60 so
really not too cold may be really really
gone anyway we'll see you guys tomorrow
for a cold day in San Diego California
don't forget as always we love
then remember throw up each other
but then mister
