my mom actually thinks there was a lot
of like or actually some things what a
fan basic we're just cooking angry for
church or actually something's cooking
eggs evolving everybody forces Julia
announce meeting you need help over here
got remember stirs you want to play well
you got first and second place that
means you got 12 place what does that
mean that means you got last excuse me
are you doing
what are you doing you coloring on the
carpet
don't you mark down your champagne color
in the book inside look great and I'll
stand and a bead in here maybe the ball
save some for me don't you try some Wow
kitty cat doggy hello hello hello
those famous eggs never fail daddy's
truck today because mommy's car the air
conditioner is not working on the
driver's side and sometimes on the
passenger side
this really weird whistle noise when you
go over 40 miles an hour driving really
really a coin so we are in a truck this
morning my dream of jeannie' is joining
us do you need a band-aid or do you want
a birthday yeah I think she's saying
band-aid
you talk about punt dwelling-place even
though you are mobile so we have ears
that no longer does not just a man that
all people go to a certain location to
be with them now his temples is temple
so these two girls remind has always
reminded me of each other this is Sophie
this is clurel there finally next to
each other oh my goodness gracious
can you ever get a mustache
so Michael found his real twin at my
church look at this guy's so this is
Chris our bassist Michael is also a baby
my mom actually thinks they look a lot
alike and act a lot alike it's not funny
Chris thanks for stealing my twin from
me wait do you carry a gun Oh like he
does
we are bowling and eating the family's
coming down the Rhine out to start
families so it's me Avram symphony and
yeah right here trying to hit the pins
okay nice
Oh
you take it terms of the gutters honey
Wow
you go beautiful
well guys I'm off to Broken Bow with
Michael Abraham's coming to of course
and we've got some fun plans so I'm
gonna keep you guys here with me and the
kiddos while we drive Tobruk emo because
we got a three-hour drive ahead of us
and well so when this you got escaped
this is why it's all tomorrow
my tolls made it and I kept them in the
back like an idiot okay he's always so
ready to go it's always the first one in
the car I have climbing gear
these are Spurs to climb a tree I'm
gonna hopefully get Michael to help me
take down a tree that's leaning over the
house over there a few things that I've
gotta know yet but this should do the
job
I thought you know what instead of
paying somebody to cut down two trees
this is gonna be pretty expensive it's
usually in a couple thousand dollars
stuff like that I'm gonna go ahead and
buy my own tools to do it and learn how
to do it myself I love you you're gonna
go with you next week right and spring
break but I have to uncle Michaels gonna
help me take down the trees that are
leaning over the house
cutie wait with us next week to probably
prepare go twice I love you be sad well
guys it ain't slowing me down
none just kidding I say that because a
lot of times when Sam goes to Oklahoma
I'll see you guys in the comments down
there saying Wow Sam goes I put them a
lot
Nia is at home with the kids all the
time blah blah but I just wanted to
throw it out there you guys that this is
actually working well for our schedule a
lot of you mom is out there who are
stay-at-home moms your husband goes to
work for 8 to 10 hours every single day
and I don't have that here we don't do
it that here in our family so for Sam to
go away to Broken Bow and work on his
project and get our property out there
built up the way that you know he
envisions it it's actually really great
for our family it's only usually like 2
to 4 days and you know I'm used to being
with the kids because Sam worked night
for pretty much the first two years of
Abraham's life and I was like a single
mom while he was working nights for at
least four days out of the week so
honestly I thought I've grown accustomed
to it and I you know find a way to enjoy
it that's what you have to do and you
feel like you're the only parent in the
Jewish
Oh kiss Bobby goodbye
very sweet did you tell papi goodbye
okay let me tell Bobby goodbye Darren
thighs
I love you thank you sweet first I know
he's been calling me beautiful in
sweetie a lot is so cute you guys have
little boys I didn't realize it would
start getting more intense as he got a
little older the I don't know if it's
flirting or just being loving to me or
what Sam calls it my my bye guys
got a buggy so first up on my mommy
to-do list is to make some laundry since
boost I'm using kosher salt and lavender
essential oils
one hour later
hey guys we're ending our night with a
little bit of piano practice well yeah
that's why it's important to practice
just keep practicing to help you hard
oh is it easier when I'm not in the room
no it's just hard because what are those
four can have to play some with you know
this is something I need daddy for
should i FaceTime daddy and see if he
can help you baby I can do and I just
keep forgetting to play bowls no well
try to remember okay and go for it okay
all right guys well my girl practice is
over there I'm gonna do comment of the
day and it comes from huh it's me you
guys should have been butters lime with
that clay that sounds really fun
Symphony have you ever heard of butter
sign yeah we should totally try it
sometime we definitely enjoyed that clay
and plan on getting more of it for our
home because you know we like to do
crafts around here and we enjoy free
creative time all of our kids love that
so we're definitely gonna be getting
some more and I want to try the butter
sign thank you for the suggestion we'll
see you guys tomorrow don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
bye Oh miss you buh-bye all miss you Bob
hey Bob ah
