make our own these places are so much
fun but it's really nerve-wracking
having a 19 month old here because she
wants to do everything the big kids are
doing and I can't like get up there as I
could I don't really want to I had to
come in to get her come here baby come
on come on I got you
let's go hey Lou how's it going
they're playing cops where's the cop car
oh there she goes
oh yeah mommy's free now Josh hey why is
your mom getting arrested he look funky
oh man whoo stop honking
come on e what's your plans today I have
plans what are your plans
my plans are gonna be riding the
four-wheelers having fun
hi guys welcome to Oklahoma is freezing
outside and gusty last night our
trimmers capsized through the window so
on
also I left our vlogger at home so I'm
having to vlog with my girlfriend up the
footage is ok we go
we are home now the little ones are both
napping and I just got this picture from
Sam let me show it to you guys look at
symfony standing and what used to be the
ceiling of our kitchen in Broken Bow
that's crazy that's all from the ceiling
up there so what I'm working on while
the kids are napping is this piece of
curriculum that I got yesterday you guys
saw me leaving the house to go to the
church and pick up some stuff and I'm
fitting it into our schedule for GCC
here's our GC schedule Mike did that
half of it and I'm doing this half of it
which is all for the kids I'm trying to
fill in exactly what pages to turn to to
read the story and to see the scripture
but that's not all I'm doing I am
simultaneously communicating with
several people who go to church with us
and working on the reach kids volunteer
schedule oh you guys can't see that
obviously but I also do the scheduling
for our like Sunday School classes at
church I schedule for ages 0 through
like 12 which is all of our kids class
it can be a little difficult at times
and make me wonder like ah but I love
doing it though and I'm glad that I get
a little moment to just like be quiet
have some downtime and just sit here and
figure it all out at once so what's
going on at the cabin this is what's
going on guys check it out as insulation
bone insulation there was so much there
this is where I've been doing all day
today I haven't had a chance to pick up
the camera because I've just been at it
just take a look at what we got done
guys if you guys remember them and send
that wall out and in this big room the
great room I'm gonna have a vaulted
ceiling with exposed rafters well this
is basically gonna be one of the most
supportive walls in the house looking
good right guys over here in the utility
room you need a water clean up this
stuff we got up to this point it's like
an elephant trunk we're here right Maria
Maria oh wow looks like one to look
it's coming along it really is is coming
along
hey thank you to get your neck back hi
hi well remember we're out of jelly so I
had an idea you can have another one but
first we need to make our own jelly do
you want to help me I'm not sure but I'm
gonna find out turns out it's actually
pretty simple you get some fresh fruit
you get some sugar and some lemon juice
and crush them and boil it all together
we're definitely gonna have to give it a
try
can you dump these blueberries on top of
the strawberries next step is to mash
them you take this and you smash them
down until they're all flattened out
okay our next step is to pour them over
into the pan and mix in the sugar and
the lemon juice guys I am not feeling
super comfortable with this I think I'm
going to just do this amount this is
three cups of sugar a little less you
know what tough super-sweet jelly I mean
the fruit is sweet in itself
oh um I like that song are you gonna mix
okay get nice and tall it's gonna take a
lot of your muscles up here on the
Raptors now have pulling out all the
duct up here
all right all clear that's a bummer I
got to get all the wires off from up
here
Tiffany's been in here creating super
ponies how do you make the lights - I do
a wire to reap this is wire he's gonna
go look for some wire all right so the
previous owner was an electrician so
he's bound to have some wire
he has wire cutters here
there's some right there we tease Wow
Abram it's looking like jelly in there
oh yeah good job woody good brother
okay so we have reached a full rolling
boil
I've been stirring consistently I think
it's time to put this into a jar very
very hot so there's no way we're gonna
be able to try it until tomorrow and in
fact I read online it takes about 24
hours from jam to set so I don't want us
to be disappointing everybody jam but I
need to pour it into something glass
right wait I'm gonna use a glass cup and
put some foil on the top oh my goodness
that looks lovely Wow
look even this is gonna set I think one
more looks just the same oh my goodness
Abram it's totally
mommy and daddy are making light-up
magic one because we're making circuit
right now
just I wasn't making a good connection
Baroness
now we're gonna figure out how to get it
through the straw and create a little
light for Symphony she went outside she
got tired of waiting
there's your magic warrant Tiffany hurry
you got a look at this I made a
prototype that cool it works all right
there it is the final product set these
magic wand
hey Buffy are you ready to taste it yeah
hi it wasn't really hot she was she was
she was she was she thought it was
cooled off by now
I should have tried some first it was
really yummy even though it's kind of
hot Abram how do you feel we had no
jelly and you wanted a sandwich and now
we have jelly beans favorite right yeah
we can make you see which well let's let
it cool off a little more since it burn
your mouth a little bit
oh okay now I have to have a little bite
well we actually made jelly it's very
sweet I don't think we could have used
less sugar but the texture is really
good and I can taste the fruit you want
to try something else
try it out oh gosh it's gonna be so hot
Josie it's so upset have a lick of
bubbies spoon this isn't hot yours got
too hot when you dipped it all the way
in whoo
did we do good on her jelly she likes it
hey fix the sink in here so we can have
some water
you have to flush the toilet with a
water bottle brush your teeth with them
to it they're basically like freezing
water too you know it'd be nice to have
some warm water on her hands not have to
clean my hands with one of these wet
ones and my face too basically I take a
shower with these things while I'm out
here it's getting old okay guys simply
asked how she can help me all you got to
do is take this and put it all the way
up to the top
you're in charge of the hot-water line
okay can you grab that put that on there
there it is all right this is what we're
gonna do now Stephanie I'm go outside
and turn the water on you have to scream
if water comes out of anywhere I need
you to look up here make sure the water
turns on and then we need to go under
the sink when the water turns on and
make sure no water is coming down from
the walls over
so guys it's been so cold that there's
been no outside play today so sandy and
I are taking the kids somewhere maybe
are you sitting in the trunk yeah
oh my goodness you're so bad meet you
guys
I've always sat worries about that but
he is sitting in a bigger boy seat so
that Kate it was two can sit in a room
seat I mean it was okay are you excited
about your seat
do you love where you're sitting so yes
we are getting to you trying to beat the
heat by buckling up our kids in the
freezing cold but then we already made
this plan any sounded more fun watch
tough
let's go bounce out our energy that's
been cooped up all day you got it there
you go
do you want to go play take your shoes
off
she's like I can do this trying to get
on this trampoline all night but it's
only one person no baby down
she's like let me just roll around inch
my way closer until I get on the
trampoline she wants this one so bad
yeah
we're all done we are all drunk parked
out instead of comment of the day on
that sandy day question of the day oh
what's your favorite Netflix show to
binge they feel so good to have water
yeah so part of her getting on those
she's like daddy I'm gonna help you it's
like well it's kind of tight and then
she's like you over to go get my joke
book
and she ran to the car got a joke book
told me some jokes came back and as you
guys saw she got really into it and
helped me a lot it's really cool working
again for something that you're so
customed to as water or electricity but
in this case water I just appreciate the
water so much more when in the bath or
just like just seeing the water come out
you just get a new appreciation when you
do things yourself and that's why I
think I really like to do things myself
it gives me a new appreciation from that
all the things around me for the world
around me but don't forget we love you
and remember to love you chillin
