Oh worry buddy I want a piece of toast
welcome to Easter Saturday in California
are you like pop screen is worried no no
this is better
good morning guys welcome to Easter
Saturday or hey what Saturday sorry
that's the day after Thanksgiving Black
Friday
you're just open well it's kind of a sad
day so it's fine because everybody's why
could you come on it was it didn't have
a time huh what's that I call that stuff
Black Saturday Saturday is Good Friday
and Easter everybody but yeah it's like
Easter Saturday is some people call us
so so does Black Saturday or Holy
Saturday but anyway we are off to go to
the beach look at my beautiful wife here
her hair looks awesome how'd you get it
so tall here we got accidentally ice
cubes hey it's Stephanie hi everybody
don't you I costume I don't tell me that
so soft I don't understand like we have
the same kind of high speeds at home and
they never get soft like this it's their
water they have a lot of sediment in
their water here so breaks down easier
this is Jessica she's coming whoops
sorry
this is summer we went picked her up
from uncle Stephen simply love summer I
love summer too but I think I like
spring better Charlie honey come kiss
Abram look at this handsome guy it looks
awesome today
ready go licky licky licky kissy abram
oh lady kisses yeah
you got doggy kisses opposite there may
be all right thanks Jessica
gonna be so rough with him he's just a
baby
you're messing up Jessica's hair that's
Coronado Bridge Wow there it is bingo
hi kids follow daddy to get sippy with
her glasses those were a dollar at
Target and mine right here we're ten
dollars at Target where's Brooke party
pad where'd you get here guys the summer
night Walmart where's your glasses at
Abram I don't think we're going over
here
some you're such a good Cosmo that's
good okay we're almost to the water
no no even been there buddy we're
walking in the sand
okay
daddy pig
hi honey
Wow Wow
I'm right here I'm not leaving you buddy
ah
right there let's go touch the water
come on
like you all the same huh yeah well
these are just muscles
our server hi would you find funny sand
dollars yet yep
I'm making chocolate
are you going there new beer
take a little break
I knew when you were me
to Galus
I'll take care of you are you a young
little you'll take a
I'll pick you up when you fall down
tities and tuck you in and
to see you stand-in
Tiffany has a guest on our Channel today
this summer
tell me story about losing over half the
cup well you see I had a cup full of
these she puts on her vlogging voice but
I bent over to rinse them off and they
all went to the water yeah she collected
so many of them nothing cool if you had
a big collection of her ago and stuff
collected these for us to make a to make
a candelato
all right so we fine figure it out guys
this machine over here we all have to
have our own car to get on the trolley
yeah we're getting on the trolley for
this guy yeah buddy here here's your
ticket yeah that's your ticket
you ready get on my trolley man oh we
missed them another another one's gonna
come in a minute okay
and then we'll get on that trolley like
it okay hold your kick here yo what my
kick nope don't lose it man
mom's cute this is beginning to be a
trip of a lifetime for Abram the bus now
a trolley we'll never hear the end of it
we go home I'm really excited for her
there it is buddy look stay with Daddy
hold my hand scaring me
look at him kind of move he's doing so
good keeping his balance city is this
fun city
we got to stop right in front of the San
Diego Stadium guys isn't that awesome
Qualcomm Stadium but this is where the
Chargers play the Dodge Chargers play
here is that cool Raiders yeah I like
they're pretty good also like the
Oakland 49ers they're pretty good I like
none of them well I'm not like that I
don't watch oh my let's football we're
gonna Seaport Village from here we're
this waiting for the next trolley it is
coming so look out you're satisfied
no yellow buddy
can somebody hold on
hold right
Tiffany do you have a card the policeman
is here oh you're gonna go to jail
aren't you smart like just phrase it up
like that he didn't have to scan my he's
checking theirs now here's a check
everybody just took sprain two people
whoa that is amazing let's come over
here guys
we're at the top of the Hyatt Hotel just
to see the view of the Pacific Ocean
Kowloon swim pool shaped like a onesie
yeah you see that Tiffany there swimming
in a onesie
eight all is cut oh I thought cars with
our boats there's a coronado bridge we
went over that today symphony see the
bridge what you missed Rolly did you say
bye to the trolley was that fun okay
cool
like puppy daddy it really was a bumpy
ride
let's go this way any legged gonna be
left we're back home guys it has been a
really busy packed fun day we were
talking about how when you go on a trip
and you're spontaneous with it it's just
like you never know what's going to
happen and it's always exciting like we
went to dinner and we ended up going on
the trolley because we saw it next to
the restaurant and we got off the
trolley and we saw the hotel that can
take you up and see the view from 40
stories high of San Diego and so we're
like oh why not do that and then while
we were out there and Stephanie another
senator why don't we go shopping tonight
after you put the kids to bed because we
have Easter plans tomorrow here we're
gonna have a little Easter gathering
here and see I just love that I love the
spontaneity of the trip I encourage you
guys if you're organized planners that
at some point in your life you have to
take a trip even a small one that's
spontaneous because it's so fun to see
what's going to come about but anyways
comment of the day comes from be low 12
Happy Easter Raiders enjoy the beauty
and hope as you reflect on this gospel
filled weekend
God is so so good to love all of us
sinners to the grave and back and to
offer up the free gift of eternal life
love ya today is Easter for you guys
ours is tomorrow and I love the way that
she said that to soak up the beauty all
this beauty that God created that we
don't always get to see and just
reflecting on what he did for us this
weekend we have been having
conversations about it daily what each
day meant and what each day was in the
Bible we'll see you tomorrow we have a
fun-filled day again and we'll be
starting off our day at church a new
church which is exciting that's always
kind of fun kind of interesting thing to
see but until then guys we will see you
tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
