good morning guys we are off to soak up
some Sun here in beautiful San Diego on
this amazing good Friday
I've also lots to be spending this
holiday in beautiful weather it is
because of Good Friday that we are able
to have eternal life and so we are going
to go celebrate it with family and some
fun don't forget also special
announcement coming up towards the
middle of today's vlog and also you guys
I put on some shorts this morning I was
hoping to get some Sun on my legs at the
beginning of our trip and I'm wearing a
maternity shirt and it's too long so I
was like man I can't even wear my shorts
I didn't bring any other shirt
sitting-room shorts but anyways Wow look
at that brave boy come on man you're so
brave you tough guy good job young gate
Yelp in oh don't get your pants all wit
symphony whoa honey how's your lunch out
here the intestine
do you remember what daddy taught you
about Good Friday this morning you don't
remember try to think
today on Good Friday guys I've been
looking at it from different perspective
today was the day that Jesus died and
nobody really knew why and I think of
Jesus mother Mary and she was just she
lost her son to this horrible
crucifixion for no reason I just love my
kids so much and they have their flaws
and I just imagine Mary raising this
perfect child and he was crucified it's
just like I can't imagine how much pain
she for all she knows evil you know one
over good that day and the disciples
they had no idea that Easter was coming
that that there was still hope stuff
made it with you know you don't love the
kids it's really awesome
how good she's with them that is the
parking lot of Kadhim phone are you know
where does vlogging I woke up what a
headache too beautiful so beautiful good
friend
but this is who we came here to visit
head step I didn't get a good shot of
her yesterday I know so I was cutting
the walls you never show that step
before we came here
yeah I know but bad move taking bad well
you got a little sudden all right ready
nurse nephew to the rest of you because
until let me see step up with a crap
it's not working don't do anything right
here just relax
no no hey baby we're done here at the
park we're gonna go head off to the
yogurt shop and announce to you guys our
little surprise ever are you excited
about our surprise yeah
keeps calling it the donut shop like no
no no yogurt shop this trip is for me a
sacrificial type trip I'm not even
though there's so many things Abram I
really like to go surfing I really want
to go kayaking in the ocean I thought
that would be fun I still might get to
but if I'm not I'm going to be
completely okay with it because this
trip is a lot about mr. Avram down here
this is probably the last trip will be
taken with Abram as our baby and so
we're just kind of babying him kind of
spoiling him I'm being sure it's been
extra quality time with him and just uh
enjoy his is baby nice
welcome to Rocky's frozen yogurt home of
Rocky's frozen yogurt can I take your
order
can I take your order a broom you like
yogurt Oh Olaf you over okay we'll get
you Olaf yogurt Rocky's frozen yogurt
guys this is the place this is where
it's at right here so this is my aunt
Marilyn and oka marks yogurt shop this
is my aunt Marilyn making strawberry
shortcake for simple
hmmm have we introduce you to our
extended family on YouTube
I don't think we have so this is aunt
Marilyn this my mom's sister you guys
can't tell
a Vermont's Olaf yogurt there she is the
star thank you thank you and Marilyn
at Maryland Medicine awesome acai bowls
clear those those are amazing
Jessica was yours oh good for you desk
tub ml you ready tell with us everyone
are you ready to tell you what we're
gonna be doing here
you're gonna get best Froyo in the hello
time here your nose is running them up
didn't know that was possible
alright honey well we had to come
outside of do the announcement guys
because it got really busy in there
really loud so when we go ahead okay
guys are you ready we are gonna be doing
an official San Diego meet up right here
at Rocky's frozen yogurt Rocky's frozen
yogurt off Linda Vista Drive we'll put
the address in the description obviously
and then meetup is gonna be on April 2nd
Saturday April 2nd at 2:00 p.m. 2:00
p.m. and at Marilyn made some special
yogurts for you guys ahh
you can order the knee especially for
the Sam special which is like brownie
fudge sundae and Sam special is a
blueberry parfait with good Nagano and
healthy some healthy you can go a
healthy way or can go more more you know
me away yeah Saturday April 2nd come
join us guys we'd love to see you
we always love seeing some of the faces
of the people we're sharing our lives
with it's just a way for us to feel like
we can connect with you and meet you
face to face and just kind of learn more
about you guys are always learning stuff
about us and we don't get to do the same
with you guys face to face so come let
us learn more about you and Teddy
pictures videos and yoga with us just
you know chit chat and do whatever else
that comes all kids will be here you'll
get to see our kids are running around
like crazy right now but anyway guys
well we'll keep you guys posted on that
slush you honey and so yeah surprise
we're having a California meetup not to
San Diego anybody in the California area
or how about western United States that
comes out of Samuel and Jessica will be
there right
if you want to come see Jessica I know
we got it I know we've got at least one
just cafe up there
hi summer this is summer which I figure
out one of our videos okay sure
this is my uncle Stevens daughter with
Abram kissing her uncle Steven because I
just turned out summer watches our
videos everyday so summer my cousin is
actually a fan basic we don't know
everyday that is just so cute she's nine
years old
hopefully we'll get to share dad and mom
soon they're at work yeah okay I'm on
normal guys I'm not just saying this
because this is my aunt yogurt shop but
this thing is so delicious I don't eat
like this and you won't eat it because
you just have that acai bowl Sam a tin
disciple is parfait
now he's finishing mine I am I'm like
seriously pig out right now my stomach
hurts but this is so good it's like
little toffee crunch isn't it like
that's sure to come out the opposite end
wasn't it just like yesterday and
everybody's like no healthy and Tommy
Rowley touched lamb but you can take a
break from it once a blue moon you have
like all these little mantras you say
honey it's frozen yogurt it's healthy
for you oh yeah with the chocolate in
the brownie on ice stir chocolate eighth
of the antioxidants Sydney can you
breathe in there huh yes are you sure oh
my gosh like it's symphony if I had to
take it up you're such a good level we
are peeling an apple here Stephanie
showing how it's done oh great job and
stuff are you sure that's how you do it
stuff yes this thing moves this thing
can't move
yeah good summer you like your skin
I know that's a good part of the Apple
oh the healthy part Jessica likes it too
I guess would be tasty eating it like
that
I'm stepping in got the kids all set up
here with a little coloring station poor
little Mia is just coping with the day
right we're all right step so you stick
it on there someone cut a piece of it
you get a damaged Apple though just make
sure this is even did it movie anaconda
you got this up Stephanie yes oh it also
slices the f-4c so case that's going
right through it can you peel banana
with this thing no please camera shot
can you peel potatoes with it yeah oh
cool
Stephanie was trying to show us up with
this so I said I can't get my kids to
eat apples well you got to get one of
these Apple killers that I have look
it's perfect and we have yet to see your
kill at Apple right summer yeah oh this
parts rusty and it moves that's why
these are $15 back Ileana oh really
that thing was an antique no it's part
cord that is accusing just
hold it in place no that's not going to
do it Oh Oh simply look at Appl city
it's a slinky Apple we just need a new
one that's not rusty
oh it's rusty near - we don't eat the
apple just kidding yeah aunt Stephanie
just felt Juliette she kicked her pretty
hard it could have been an arm and arm
yeah I don't know crop in a wave like
say hi oh hi aunt Stephanie and
Stephanie King tar why don't you come
all the way from California to our
wedding
she's coming since then - but that was
meaningful chadway oh look I'm hooking
well every no well the older they get
the less likely they are to forget
that's true
Samaniego not forget everybody know that
she didn't even know if uncle Jeff would
say I remember okay you because it's
been years I guess yeah yeah that's true
so but she saw you last summer I think
abran all remember you yeah I think he
remembers me from last summer I think so
I think he will do a little more shine
he was really shy with at Maryland today
we saw her and meatballs meatballs and
she taught me to Swedish and already I'm
not barbecue you guys all know they like
meatballs a lot
can you go so thank you it's Stephanie
mushy we already did yeah but you didn't
do it on camera
thank you Abram say thank you and
Stephanie what sex stuff say Thank You
Stephanie thank you yeah what's that I
was trying to vlog you made it home
this is our changing station right here
right no yeah all right show us what you
got oh whoa
that's a huge stride you got there sis
Aaron's got a little rash - no way
no yeah that's impossible I am around it
you know it took like what three steps
good job so we have a pretty fun day
playing with Jeff and Steph and the kids
we're going to go to Coronado Island and
just spend time on the beach and um yeah
go from there
hope you guys had a awesome good Friday
and that you remember or I'll remind you
guys that our family is a unit and as
blessed as we are for one reason and one
reason only and that is because of Jesus
Christ absolutely no other reason and
what he did on the cross today so happy
Good Friday he put it perfectly to eat
today I wrote him we're having a great
day on Good Friday like but really it's
a sad day
he described today as being beautifully
tragic about it perfect I'm sitting here
but easter is coming that's the biggest
that's the biggest hoping today thank
you night guys hey guys I'll be right
there buddy
I have heard god no I love my god mm-hmm
hey guys just making tea here drink her
no and it's really yummy so comment of
the day goes to Casey writes and she
says you guys are right that house is
totally made for the beautiful Rader
family so colorful and looks like a
happy place to be I love it much love
from in why we love this house it is so
fun I like I really felt so happy waking
up stripped today I unpacked our
suitcase today that I'm feel like they
astray I was doing really cool but
anyways guys my team making it really
loud now so we will see you all tomorrow
don't forget guys we love
and remember to love each other
Oh
