one inner play come on I'll be daddy
this is gonna be good it's gonna be a
good trip guys
madatha San Diego on the bus go get our
rental car and this will probably be a
verbose memorable moment
what are we doin Abram we're going on
the bus the wheels on the bus go round
and round round and round round it meant
the horn on the bus goes
on the bus goes to choose the sissy on
the bus goes nine one one long one what
the doggie on the bus goes the Kitty on
the bus
oh that is awesome can you move it
around you can't move it look at that
it's a massive touchscreen no we're not
getting a coke me see that
that crazy click it just keep climbing
up from the bottom so downfall of trip
number one and hopefully the only one my
purse is missing and we tracked down the
bus that we rode from the airport to the
rental car place on it's not there and
so con freaking out a little bit Sam's
phone is dead we gotta find our phone
charger
here's Rogers in her purse somewhere
between me getting on the bus and then
getting off the bus the purse got left
but it did not get left on the bus I
checked the bus if you did get left on
the bus and they stole it and there's no
way that I would leave that it was huge
is a huge black purse with my bright
orange wallet kind of like showing kind
of scary no cash but there's a cellphone
to make it bags lots of makeup cell
phone credit cards tennis a cell phone
and get to sit like left on zone and we
have no way does it gas station ok
there's a lot of devices out here yes
oh my god no no that it's updating my
location all right let's see
it is on the plane no on the tarmac look
is that really a tarmac yeah that's
where the planes park there's a airplane
right there what all right what begins
lunch purse all right
and this one
before I start
I'm certainly really I'm pretty close
Sam is oh you're getting really close
look at that oh yeah so wait right here
yo here would it be a looks like you'd
be across that walkway or which is where
we are at yeah maybe because we were
over there I walked out I got my
sunglasses out right over here
that's what lady what lady they're not
mostly filled hey do you know where
lost-and-found is from here
all right thank you guys it looks like
I'm practically sitting on my phone
right now so it's got to be at the
information desk with lost and found
we're overlapping now Sam's phone is now
like overlapped and hugging my phone got
so very close I just don't know exactly
where information there's nobody here
now it's saying I'm really far away from
my phone we were overlapping just now
yeah my guys are not giving you a hug oh
my goodness it's here it's here you rock
dude in your purse is your ID can you
dig it up almost like I said yes you can
it was on the shuttle Ellen was catching
the bus tells you guys I put it down I
thought they were gonna load it
underneath I was telling Sam I did not
just carelessly leave my bag somewhere
how the heck do you lose this big old
thing you know and of course the family
is gone now
mommy's the first woman again we made it
our place guys look at that background
this is beautiful good great up you want
me to go here with upstairs Maria the
bedrooms are upstairs are these
complimentary yes sir everything here is
real huge and there's water three six
waters in there nice what's your best oh
look at this is that your bed Eric can
you get up there you guys have your own
TV yeah I guess this is Mona daddy's
room cool very cool Santa calls on the
wall very nice bathroom here I don't
have to do a toilet review pretty soon
here boo they got the cachet quite close
nice nice it's 5 o'clock guys I think we
broke in the house boys opened up naked
babies toys scattered around messes all
over Oh God Nia's taking a nap
Symphony's with it Stephanie we got to
visit with her first time in a while you
guys are probably get this here later
today in the vlog it's kind of a long
day today so today we're gonna go
shopping and get more settled in and
really make this place like home
and I meant picking out this little sore
of my nose just making it worse I don't
know what's going on though
guys everyone just did something for the
first time with me so cute let me see if
he'll do it with you guys can we sing
your ABCs okay
pre CD dad to take a poo poo bag and you
ass and he good job buddy
that was awesome man good job little guy
- man way up top high five yeah yeah
yeah bigger one bigger five yeah yeah
we don't have candy yeah we ate it all
guys the love I have for this little
dude is just indescribable I just can't
get over how much I love this guy I feel
like I'd get close to closer to here
every single day my dad I'll be daddy
buddy oh yes I am your daddy what a
sweet little guy he's so easy to love
too so we're at Costco in California
wanna meet step here with Symphony yeah
mommy at home so she can rest and I'm
not sure what we're gonna do tonight but
we made all that California check out
the Costco you guys all remember Jessica
remember the camera hog this is exciting
there you go give yourself a shout-out
Jessica she has to be instant famous
I'll look better another day oh yeah you
look good for Davis obviously you don't
want to too much shopping at Costco when
you're gonna take an 11 day trip but
we're all set on out me up all set on
blueberries maybe naked juice and some
chicken nuggets mix lettuce and some
more fruit and then veggies and juice
for right buddy on a but again what do
you got what is that I can't get to get
to what were you gonna go with that
ticket
you were going to work with it we made
it 20s in Jeff's house hi Jeff just go
again
ever so I get Charlie to do some tricks
hi Bernie
hey hey Paul
Charlie shake me is quarantine yourself
sick especially for men stuff stop
tricking charlie no throw it dude those
are gettin me gonna throw you throw
ventricular I don't think he introduced
you guys too high my cousin that
Stephanie and Jeff Stein um he's a real
heart for all the ladies so but I think
he's naked
ha ha ha is that what taken yeah go
introduce the McHenry don't know hear
that shot divers my brother he's 17 soon
to be 18 next month just started college
Oh graduated early and this is Jana yeah
she runs out of room and I have
- W today series we're loggin right yes
I'm the blogger today
whoa okay better than kind of graceful
this is her polar get readout look at
that look at that thing's huge
so it's so massive with her you have to
go in there you don't going to pull it
daddy
there's no water only because we're on
vacation you guys get to watch the movie
later you go to sleep okay okay snuggle
bunnies
I guess I'm my little girl you trying to
find your blue corner no pun intended my
Y good what I do
do you have your corner and I'll have oh
poor Nia has been such a trooper today
oh man I just don't oh you poor thing oh
my gosh return grounds like such a
bummer we have to get sick right at the
beginning of my vacation
I feel like very lucky and blessed that
were in the house though like we have
access to like a kitchen I'm making hot
tea it's not yeah those are those are
upstairs in the bed
stop my man sorry here's a look at me
watch the top maybe team maybe tea thank
you
but yeah we'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for joining us we got a special
announcement to make tomorrow WI guys
are gonna love it and my face won't look
like this I'm gonna get my hairdo she's
gonna do some major sleepy in tomorrow
I'm gonna be sure you guys heard at
first but I will see you guys tomorrow
don't forget as always we love you and
remember love each other
we shall just
