afternoon guys it's gonna be a crazy day
today I slept in felt extremely
miserable yet again I'm having a lot of
trouble getting my day going I'm out
here fixing a flat wheel it up as you
can see here so I've gotta get that done
cuz I don't feel right leaving behind a
flat tire I know what it is I don't like
leaving stuff behind I fucking clean the
cars and I got to do everything to just
the case I die I don't want to leave my
family with a bunch of crap you know
what I mean
all right here we go hope I could get to
the tire shop
hey bubbles man that thing's tiny sure
just put slime in there the whole sewed
up but I don't want it to be deflated
but come back home and so now you got it
so this is Ryan Oh little piece of wire
okay that's funny I was standing out
there in the owner of the place who I
used to work for they also own the
restaurant and the same pot on the same
property
he's like why aren't you recording this
man give us a shout out out I was like I
am recording it pick up the cameras like
cops of course you are if you guys are
looking for some good tire service and
Terrell Texas go to Oakley tire anyway I
think I'm gonna get this car quick car
wash and then go pick up Stephanie
in more quarters good afternoon guys
I'm at Walmart I'm getting some
last-minute supplies for our trip I ran
out of shipping tape earlier while I was
trying to prepare my last orders to go
out before our trip and I ran out at the
last minute well the mailman was at the
door and I had a meltdown someone felt
like being on the vlog today I feel
emotional and like puffy eyed I was just
crying and crying
pretty much over tape there's more to
this story but basically it boils down
to had the tape not right now I wouldn't
have cried like that so I'm here and I
am getting some last-minute things I'm
really here for tape but I want to look
at the travel size shampoo as well and I
think I'm gonna get the kids some socks
I swear I never have socks
I'm they're just always all over the
place and dirty and so I can see if
there's like video into this
so wheat I always pack a huge one and I
never have I always took my big one and
I run out of room or and I have to take
the lid off and it like spray gets all
in the bag this is awesome I just got
that same thing today at Dollar Tree for
$1 instead of three I'm a lucky girl
I already did the dishes once today and
there were just so many that we needed
two rounds of it after you know the day
has gone on and so to finish our day off
here in Texas Symphony is making a
couple Play Doh videos and she is super
excited gonna show what you got for the
first play-doh video what do you get
Terry and snowy she named him all these
are really cool blind bags no do you
want to do shout-out to your channel
Symphony okay alright sit down I'm gonna
set up my shots good up here
no come on let's go back just a little
bit yeah yeah right there perfect
Oh princess focused okay go get it it's
gonna be surprised close your eyes what
a recording what what's up Matt Matt
just arrived with dinner
she really wasn't recording everything
Joe Joe
because you get us large curly ones I
mean Pepe Beals
maybe I'll get ever bought so they could
eat harem you're gonna eat buddy
Uncle Matt you got yo kids meal you
ready
where is he Oh anybody how are you doing
no is it I got you apple juice in the
kitchen what you mean you want to work
so we're we are on the packet man unless
we got left
we're done I just have to pack my shoes
do I need to go through clothes I need
to go to outfit now I think you're gonna
get your encounter honey I've got three
dressy shirts and the result is shirts
and shorts and only two per day
sounds good another downside of flying
not driving it makes it harder to bring
this for the kids and my green juice mix
I've been using this one at this one so
what I'm going to do is put some scoops
and so Ziploc bags but don't want to
stop my diets going so good so far
what no I'm gonna wear my running shoes
and Pegman
somewhere but we're gonna go ahead in
the blog because I got to get it done
tonight cuz we're leaving early in the
morning so excited to see it Stephanie
I'm just I just keep thinking about I'm
just so excited here okay so a couple of
the day goes to Michelle Stillman she
says okay I love y'all but say I'm
spitting on the camera is a little much
gross
I'm sorry guys I got 23 likes I thought
it was funny a couple people said I
agree yes I was like really was that
necessary
it's what naeli is Celeste and Brittany
her and said I love them and their vlogs
but Sam has been a little over the top
lately over the top that's just part of
my personality
I don't have to tell ya I'm a little
over top yeah anyway guys we got a lot
of packing to do
thanks for joining us today we'll see
you on tomorrow's vlog as usual at 5
o'clock don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
