I can't do it
shut up in you
good morning guys
today we start the day off with our
sponsor for today's video
Dell's pro toothbrush we've been using
this toothbrush for the past what two
months at least two months and I've just
to see if it's a good product to promote
and guys it's an awesome toothbrush and
the cool thing is about they sent us two
of the toothbrushes to use but you only
need one because the heads of it are
interchangeable it comes with 308
interdental toothbrush and you get two
of these which are dual size okay one of
the best features about the toothbrush
is as a two-minute smart timer on it for
30 it's really cool for 30 seconds
you're supposed to stay on one side and
then when it pauses you go to the other
side and it goes for 36 30 seconds then
it causes again to top charge it has
this UV cleaning system in it so you
take off your heads and you store it in
a UV light that kills germs but you guys
for our fan base it can get 75% off of
this toothbrush which is pretty awesome
for this kind of toothbrush I saw one
very similar to this toothbrush that
cost co-founder bucks so if you guys are
interested clicking the link below into
the discount code Sam Nia you gotta put
that in there in order to get the gifts
discount so make sure you type that in
the discount box
hey baby how's it going yes where's your
headband hey guys today I'm at my school
play and right now I'm not recess and
I'm about to be ready to go to lunch and
my brother one keeps wanting to go down
the slide my Bubba hi viewers great to
see that yes I did
what did you see exactly in case they
didn't catch it oh I saw a little a
little hand in a little jacket like the
absolute Tim I want you to touch it sure
oh man you guys can't see my feet too
well anymore
guys they just told me I wasn't getting
a sonogram I'm so sad I thought for sure
I was dead over sonogram today like why
else am I here just just to make sure
everything's going good I'll hear the
heartbeat all happen right now I'll be
on this wall soon oh this is my doctor
dr. Olson
me and little Juliet will be up there
soon my doctor Louis in and out so fast
that I'm usually up on the table and I
don't like a name in my camera so you
guys I'm gonna write a tune today I have
been preparing our trip I feel like it
takes me all day to get all my GoPro
stuff ready sometimes it's an
overwhelming task but it's all done all
packed ready to go I don't know why I
stressed out so much about it cuz
there's so many little things I felt
there easily leave behind and I've been
there before so first we're gonna drive
to California the reason I want to do it
was because I want to bring my kayak
again and our bikes and to save money
that was one of the bigger reasons and
then I look up tickets for flying there
and they're like less than 200 bucks
apiece whoa hold on let's get wavy let's
get it really wavy let's get it really
wavy alright boobs in you're trying to
figure out my chainsaw y'all cut some
wood yeah man yeah man little guy
good job it's really sharp those are the
teeth see how sharp it is touch it touch
it whoa there sure like gimme guy yeah
that's Gary watch can you help you get
hold of handle you have to hold the
handle
no but it's too big for you we'll have
to get you a baby chainsaw oh we got you
a blue one ah it's okay I forgive you
I'm ganna have well that's a cool stick
gay guy I've been drinking a lot of
green tea past couple days I used to
drink one a day yeah I'll take you saw
something one day saw shopping one day
saw shopping yeah ok but first I have to
make my tea I just spilled all those
Easter eggs then we have these
resurrection eggs
Sam and another guy are in charge of
doing the hiding of the Easter eggs and
then we're going to do a story and
incorporate the Easter egg time with
Jesus's death the resurrection of cross
last year we were in Hawaii on Easter
the kids in Cadiz our personalized
Easter baskets so they're going to use
them tonight this year going to be in
California we don't look back
midnight has been cracking me up
she's like directing traffic just
gracias yeah then he had foam sword at
Hobby Lobby he was like how did jammed
in as I going I shoot my eye out kid
please help me please help me and shoot
my eye out
Sam you volunteered to pass out eggs I
mean to hide the eggs you did he
volunteered I tagged him on Facebook and
everything he has this April favorite
dude daddy loved me more when I were in
the shirt Nana's at rgc today I mean we
like them work that we find can we hide
them I like rehire them at her house she
liked my basket he's okay
look at boxes basket all right Kate you
gotta go with Sasha how the eggs go get
your basket a broom daddy's gonna hide
the eggs Hey Oh awesome speed let's stop
y'all guys these lately Abram and ox get
a head start you kids ready
where's not looks like we only have
wonderful
alright Knox and Paisley oh we're good
one go everyone go look for another
little kids little kid little kids go
get up man guys put in your basket put a
ball your basket make sure it gets in
your basket all right go for big kids ah
still be not sweetie stay away from my
other kids are Symphony Symphony help
your brother out right here buddy Avery
Reiter
I found one right there for you you got
to put in your basket okay first thing
we do is look at our blue head
and inside somebody's got something
that's not looking for a donkey okay I'm
a donkey why do you think we were gonna
dump them let me go everybody have it in
their purple open it muddy come on
oh look inside the cup it was black but
Jesus told my fat represent blood that
was about to be shed on the cross had no
idea what was coming
how sad and gripping it was gonna be but
this line in the cup some black Jesus is
love
figure out there Oh looks like you got
the heart is about it you got the
realtor that it bites like Oh actually
getting into this well has it
can you tell us why the Sears important
festival because soldiers she disputed
to cut Jesus aside when he is on the
cross to see if he was getting them
what's going on over here
good Stephanie back one yet yes we
wrapped Jesus's body in the tomb but and
Joseph grabbed it and they buried it and
then we're going to bake it and we're
going to see three days later or 15
minutes later what happened in the tomb
if our bi or marshmallow oh wow
we're looking like so far you put a
marshmallow in their bodies in there and
they went to the - and I see what
happens he's alive he's not dead you all
right I can do that
Julianna Riley you a comer the day I
would have put a pass Sam that he has a
monkey at lol now what is that supposed
to mean I do not own a monkey head not a
single one dang it I just can't lie but
don't forget guys we love you I remember
to love each other
but then this
we shall just
