Symphony and apron we're both working
for breakfast this morning
remember Nana pancakes oh you're
Superman this morning down maybe babysit
for me to start my eggy silly they
slipped beautifully which is outside
guys know me good morning neighbors come
morning fan to the basic we are on our
way to church making out a little bit
early today honey
two minutes early can you believe up no
no I can't even though she's out of
breath so guys since the camera died
yesterday I want to show you guys into
my box
emily is one of the most thoughtful
friends she remembers a lot of small
details that most people would not she
got me peace T with T eliminated not as
super thoughtful on me I've probably
mentioned that like once I got lots of
chocolate a rain pop to say like will
you be my bridesmaid she was asking us
to be her ride
two nail polishes of her colors and then
some earrings I don't know where these
today those are pretty we were in like
the seventh grade I think we were
sitting out on a parking stub in our
school parking lot and we made a vow
that we would be in each other's
weddings one day no matter how how close
we stayed no matter if we lost touch
whatever we beat each other's wedding
that was like at the beginning of our
friendship I was like 13 14 years ago
all right guys I'm all set up got to go
get my first victim I'm just gonna be
sitting here
got my camera here got the light pointed
at these nice white blinds for some
beautiful bounce and then I'm just going
to bounce it off here to fill in the
shadows
I'd like to interview you guys after
character before it's about why Jesus is
king in your life
let's after suck at me all right I'll
give you the questions in a minute I'm
gonna interview a change somebody gave
you though awesome thank you
there she is great tools that you over
there are you ready or not really
what you do leave and start crying yeah
says the wrath of God came on those who
rejected him by simply giving them
exactly what the line over and over and
over he reveals himself to us he offers
us freedom from our slavery to sin and
self and stuff all these things that do
nothing would discourage and disappoint
and leave us wanting more he was
discouraged and pain and despair and
yeah I don't know I really like my stuff
it's tangible any feeling everything I
really like that and then Romans 1 says
the worst thing God can do is say okay
if what if what you want is separation
for me I will give you one two three for
me it seems like God is not always my
next victim is this a beautiful gorgeous
super attractive and amazing and might I
add cute little Symphony here Eddie says
it was your right the studies to be the
classroom you smart little girl totally
forgot about that
ready your shoes marked all the chairs
away miss if Anissa can you make it up
it allows the joys to be much brighter
and and to take great delight when you
know that Jesus is keen and sovereign
all the wrong things
Thank You laughs didn't take an
immediate right thank you
and Juliet company look at all the baby
bumps sorry Ezra you're outnumbered dude
it's okay one of our skis always down
the road good job baby let's go look at
the finger thing - okay
Symphony's is over here doing her own
thing while she waits for me what do we
do attach it to the balloons right there
that we do organized you stamp me see
granny good job mommy hung it on the
wall the interviews today went good
pretty good I don't really care for the
interview room I was doing a minute that
grey wall behind him just doesn't look
good on camera so I don't think it's
gonna turn out as good as my last video
if you guys are interested in seeing up
my last video I did the interviews I did
I'll put a link in the description okay
company god you're right baby silly face
you're so funny hey you're gonna snap
boy let's see we got I'll poo in 10
minutes let your mind oh that's funny
don't say something funny but nothing is
funny in the middle of the night so good
luck
that's so true oh we got a new dump
truck from Bebo he loves it so we're
gonna bring it to the park instead of
sissy coming won't take your truck oh
that's cute this is like the guest book
so this will probably go in the baby
book later on you're singing there's
mommy
boy did a good job writing your name
around that circle you ripped it yes how
many little bitty mini flowers are
around that ball watch I guess symphony
a billion where's your guess bank Oh 236
random and its really remembers your
guess sandy
I haven't had a chance to get close
enough to it I'm going to say six out to
dry we got dry butts
that's exciting droplets in a role for
symphony became it was like about me
like I trying to teach her to be stuff
self control and not be too overzealous
in the food and Here I am on my third
plate very only possession for me oh my
gosh they're little girls that's so
precious
Johnny L can take it
oh so cute
Lawrence theme is like giraffe ish what
was gonna have you come oh say these
gifts got a lot of awesome super here
you did a really good job opening your
presents on the way awesome skill I was
taking notes for one of them is you hate
to interrupt but how many flowers are on
that thing but I think I wanna know oh
yeah how many lives are on the thing
okay
some just tie some rap music over on the
truck and ever just started dancing what
it stop see you later
what's the number nine hundred three
hundred 115 she got it exactly she said
873 Oh uh-huh no word it's 886 know you
are close good job
behold children are a heritage from the
Lord the fruit of the womb the reward
like arrows in the hand of war are the
children of one's youth bless the man
who fills his quiver with them
neighbourhood arrow my little arrow a
room you may be some less know that your
hero is little arrow the arrow hmm want
a bunch of arrows a bunch of little
arrows hey princess would you guys like
to know why this is laying out got a
softball game today and this is our
color but we tempted to not go my knee
is hurting I think I've always been a
little bit big Oh probably a little too
hard do you know how much I ran this
morning guys wow I think four point six
five miles without stopping what do you
think I think you should still go and if
you can't make it work and you're not
filling up to your position you're at
least after support hang out with your
boys no get your brother you got a very
good point
welcome to the - what's your a high
point guys the important thing is our
family is now reunited after several day
can't because it's at your bedtime I'll
see you guys later
don't forget to play high low Abram okay
okay oh all right first day you're gonna
play in the pool what's your hat my
heart point was doing those interviews
with you at church today you're such a
good assistant daddy
good job me I have to go me on you're
gonna try again you're gonna spend time
with mommy man mommy misses you a lot
you go barbecue nature yeah I'll fly
off to my game but I want to give you
guys an update on the key situation here
but I explain to the Honda guys what my
mechanic told me about the key killing
the battery they thought he's full of
crap they said impossible that's
literally the word he's impossible I
took out the battery inside the little
remote here and then just put it back
together and the car is working just
fine hasn't died since I took the
battery out this little tiny battery was
killing that car battery just crazy to
me so we still haven't got the keys
programmed Abrams just taking a bubble
bath in here he looks guilty of
something be careful you're not dumping
it are you so we got a different coach
today and Justin here
put me on second I've never played
second before here we go I'm right in
front of a better I don't know about
this man he's got a lot of confidence in
me Oh lover hey Stella drumming come on
Sammy it happens to everybody I know
what happening I was lost and it's
probably his fault a comment of the day
goes to Elizabeth time Symphony and
Abram cutest siblings ever I started to
cry when Abram went and sat by symphony
and didn't want to leave that was a very
sweet moment it melted my heart he's so
cute how he's loving to her today she
was doing her homework and he got up on
the couch he was trying to get next to
her and she was like scooch on over she
likes her space which so does he
sometimes but anyways guys we'll see you
guys back here tomorrow tomorrow is
Monday usually my supply day for wreaths
I don't know what exactly we have
planned but we'll see you there don't
forget guys we love you and remember to
love each other
big shout
