hey guys happy st. Patrick's Day you
like my st. Patrick's Day attire to the
end is all decked out daddy's all decked
out I felt the most
my shoes
Symphony has got her green skinnies on
with her floral top Abrams all decked up
green top green pants just like Daddy we
had a really busy day this morning
Anthony had a mother and grandparents
goal you know was grandparent a so I
want her born here serving food with
Sandy it was really fun no we are out
for a family fun-filled night and our
like 20,000 billions attempt to really
make our we will beginning you kiss and
what do they tell you know again India
say I'm not leaving that's good they're
praying see what happens here guys oh
I've got the insurance card you know get
that first oh cool look man there's a
little magnet under here you stick it to
the cars look and you drive it around
look watch him go through the same okay
you do it you can do it
now to put it right under the car
look there's a fire truck yeah let me
get the fire truck for you
what's this Oh you stay in here and play
the key is being cut finally getting
some keys said I have to master keys or
one master one it's a key but the valet
key neologistic 4 is just they can't get
your blood box there she is beautiful
it's about time it's been months I
finally got a key no sorry that's for
the car for the Honda did you guys know
st. Patrick's Day is actually a
religious holiday well I've heard that
before and I had forgotten all about it
Symphony was just telling me what she
learned about at school about st.
Patrick's Day and I was like symphony I
forgot all about that side of the
holiday what so tell me what you learned
yeah she was she was like mummy I forgot
well why did he die why did he die how
did commemorating Saint Patrick's death
which he was a big he was a missionary
and we're also commemorating I think
Christianity coming to Ireland please
don't quote me on that and I'm sorry if
I'm wrong but I think that's what it is
so for Saint Patty's Day where do you
guys want to eat khlo bees that's pretty
fitting Chloe's right
Toby's closest option to call these
comers we're eating Cobras on clover Day
how fitting is that and we got coupons
guys free meals right here inside of
this little envelope yeah we're pretty
lucky to have these coupons today's
video is actually sponsored by Culver's
which is pretty awesome we've never had
a sponge like this before and it's
pretty fitting it right so yeah let's go
try this food out you guys come along
with us a smoker guys I don't smoke that
was not likes
there wouldn't you clovers for dinners
the Cobras is lying through their butter
burgers and their frozen custard so
that's what we're gonna try right he's
checking out the artwork over here
you're on a color one let me get yours
up here that's asking for one when we
get our food hey we're just gonna have a
seat right there isn't all the store all
right stay right there okay buddy
I'll get the bacon - Roxanna that sounds
good
yeah but let's go find a seat and you
guys can achieve all delicious taste of
American family farms is Matt Berger
it's your custard the green flavors for
Saint Patrick's life with Andy candies
in it and Reese's
miss moodiness over ice cream is like I
can't even describe me I think he's
reminiscing what does yours taste like
so frozen custard ice cream or different
because it's creamier and thick the
diversion ice cream and so it makes a
little bit of a software product creamy
supper and as you can see so will be
missed here when it's on a cone you're
putting the tape on the bag good job so
we didn't think I knew how to do that
I'm gonna stay and now whenever that's
beautiful as soon as possible honey as
soon as possible guys that was so yummy
I feel so glad that we have this locally
in our area if you guys want you can
check out their website
Culver will be in the description below
there'll be a link I'm glad we had like
a fun little family date night then st.
Patrick's Day that's fun
are you excited to read your book from
the book fair take off her crown and
Sophia to go for amulet and they stole
both of them and then then went back to
the jewel castle and then they couldn't
get it back from oh well let's read
about it let's learn more about it in
the story okay the sisters going to
Sofia's room and Griffin follows
all right well Nana's gonna doing
bedtime stories with the kids I'm gonna
see if I can program that's key myself
so the trick is to make sure all the
doors are unlocked
let's get your new key to the end
ignition to the on position
lock the door once turn it off turn it
on lock the doors again turn it off lock
the doors again did you hear that now
let's see if it works now get the key
out step
okay so 15 minutes later the key still
stuck and I've just did some more
research on the 2009 Honda Pilot
well you can program a key is a key to
open just the doors
you cannot program it to be able to
start the car got the key out what I'm
going to do is keep that old keyless
entry away from the car because I say
that's what's drought drawing out the
battery and go back to the dealership
and get these programmed no more messing
with hackers and I hope
start in the morning hi there CML thank
you for cooking with us
we just booked our house in San Diego
California guys for symphonies Easter
break Easter Spring Break spring Easter
Spring Break does it always feel it um
no it's cuz she's at a private school
she didn't it Spring Break she got a
winter break and she's getting an Easter
break and she's giving Spring Break
we're going there mainly to spend some
time with my aunt that's Stephanie and
visit with our other aunts uncles on my
mom's side and obviously to vacation we
got a really cool place we spent so much
time thinking for a place to stay and
the last one we looked at it's a really
colorful place yeah it's really us you
guys all agree when you see but on to
come another day where'd you find her
okay comes from Cali baby mama I love to
talk about making something confident in
love and her being a leader so awesome I
would be proud if my daughter was like
her when she's older she's already a
very social social butterfly so I think
she will be a leader also as always guys
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
