we got a package over you guys gotta
listen to this cutest thing Juliet this
all right good morning sugar
hi baby baby oh hi Juliet oh good
morning basic yeah it's another cold day
here Texas you just never know if it's
gonna be cold or hot or lukewarm
where you going honey I am headed to the
church to get some free time for
scheduler than I'm planning for do see
right through it we go over the church
don't want to get it that's what a fax
machine for now I want to have it I'm
like pretty much done with the schedule
and I just want to finish it up tonight
I can't do it about that all right happy
driving dude we'll miss you
we're gonna be doing some fun stuff
while you're gone all right bye love you
bye have fun Oh mommy daddy say bye so
it's like too long a rooms got karate
today you ready do some crime for the
first time bud
we got a package over it says Blythe
games on it I have no idea what's in it
you'd open it with your pocket knife
that he lost oh that's right II lost it
but this but 3d grainy Oh No her teeth
pop out will you risk it for a biscuit
Haven wait there's something else in the
box
what it's a cute little boy okay
okay pull back over Eddie's hair or
Teddy here quickly Bernice you what's
your team oh there's our teeth put them
teeth in the now put her back okay this
grinding asleep
all right granny's asleep everyone the
objective of the game is to get one of
each Street without waking up granny you
ready for this
who are the purple diamonds are gonna
click it three times so I get to take a
trait one two three all right ear trim
your granny
come on oh nevermind if you get purple
you have to put a treat back if you have
one so I don't get a treat only on the
green do you get a tree oh you get a
treat pick a treat and press the button
two times alright I get a treat you get
a pretzel there you go
Oh yep a treat back and figure two times
second 2 times the pop out your teeth
then pop out Oh y-yeah
so yeah greedy granny what do you guys
think of that kind of an odd game like
being a grandma land all in color
gradiant normal oh hey honey
you guys gotta listen to this cutest
thing Juliet dad you look handsome I
just took a shower and redressed I know
I don't do very often Julie it was
fussing in the car I reached back I
think everyone's dog need a hand to her
and she's literally in the back like
throwing it out like how you throw it up
she was like but she didn't let go of it
she's like oh she do you know you're
talking about oh sure doggy
forget the car but we're late go come on
don't get to karate
and it's probably quite rigorous I'm
saying hey this is Sensei Chris nice to
meet you too sir your name hi I'm Chris
hi first yeah good to meet you just like
that here you hang out in bed
learn how to ski somebody grabs his
wrist for me just think our little buns
I did I thought he did awesome we kept
really good balance in there you lasted
like 15 seconds you did a really good
kick
oh it's not for Symphony and I had
Oklahoma go ahead there for the weekend
pickin up his own movies mantra get home
let's see some guys from a religious
perspective I'm curious what you guys
have to say about Christ I read a little
bit about it and karate is like the word
for corrupt doe means something along
the lines of defeat evil within you and
that's not really what we believe I'm
hoping that they're not gonna be
teaching them any religious aspect of
karate I just want a solely for his
exercise and the discipline we both saw
one of the guys up there one of the
sensei's you know into a little boy
who's disrespecting him it's always good
to have another man in a boy's life to
teach him discipline and this is such a
great Avenue for that he's got coming
today for you guys okay there was an
overwhelming amount of you guys who
thought this the same as Melissa m and
myself I can't sleep without a fan by
the way what color blush were you
wearing today Nia I need it I don't
remember what blush I was wearing but so
many people said they sleep with a fan
on babe whoa sorry
he gets the fan every night okay I just
go I just have to wear a shirt the thing
is I don't like to go to bed without
share our wild fan is off because I
don't like that one gets what's Kaelyn
Presley you know what though guys I
watch the vlog back to a walk way never
sent me to get out of piano and I
thought it was so sweet I guess I didn't
realize you really don't like the fan as
much as you were telling the viewers and
I thought that's this week you don't
even like fight me on it really like
never have to put a shirt on wrestling
me well thank you for giving me that but
you know with the shirt off you get the
fan but you don't get my hot body yeah
alright god I'm gonna come out here
she's gonna turn all red in there so you
guys tomorrow we'll be in Oklahoma
sipping tea and I they will be at home
doing their thing but don't forget we
love you guys that remember each other
hey bro you only been a bad guys not
owls I knew I was gonna arrows hey you
heard what that's so creepy looking
they're showing so much of his mouth
that's not so Cruz there
