spring is upon us
good morning guys I've been a busy
little bee last night in this morning -
I saw last night and I'm getting things
ready to ship out today before I can
seal the boxes shut I have to put my
tags on them and one thing I got the
other day were some new little tags that
I hand write a little message on and I'm
going to add it to the retail real quick
whoa wouldn't he help her
thank you baby this is probably the last
time Abram will ever get to wear this
outfit it's a size 18 month romper can I
see you in it we do let's play instead
what you doing push-ups ooh
you working out out here yeah he's
always going to work
all right go hi dick no bill this is
homies mulch
I remember being imaginative I guess it
just comes naturally to kids like on
inside out when they turn on the little
switch and the little girl thinks
there's lava it's just like something
that our brains have God is so good to
give us that that's something he gave us
sometimes I think about the things that
we have the extra little gifts we have
like you know most of us can walk and we
can smell and we can taste and we can
feel but we also have imaginations and
feelings and we can feel happiness and
we can feel sadness and feel what it
feels like to cut overcome sadness I
ever go sadness what uh oh wow you're so
creative say I'm creative I'm free you
are creative just like your sissy how
are you how are you liking the mowed
grass she's actually loving it guys
running around here like crazy yeah get
rid of this stump over here probably
really easy whoop
that was easy I was gonna say this will
be really easy to do and it surely was
well that is going to give a chainsaw I
could just leave her that up hi Sally
good just vlogging she's like so what
are you doing today you're gonna tear
something down beat something up let's
go on there's a wasp pipe somewhere in
here y'all see that right down there's
one right there stuck in there trap them
in with my camera they're not really
step by
that actually worked pretty good there
it is guys isn't she a beauty I'm about
to shellac the whole thing I'm going to
leave like several the pieces the bark
came off the side of it I'm just going
to be like that I think it gives a
character but we'll see what happens
see there it is y'all
that's obviously gonna require several
coats so I'll show you guys the finished
product when I'm done
goes hand Sally oh yeah my operas yours
I know old fashioned tilling over here
just so you guys know I offered my help
to her and she said no this is
therapeutic I got it she's doing a great
job over here trying to get this I think
does a good job too well and I would
venture to say it's at least 75 80 years
oh wow there it is
well if you're gonna play basketball you
need some new basketball shoes
me Illya yeah you have a what are you
saying
Abrams what do you say to mommy P I say
thank you mommy
my you like my first let's get dressed
do you like oh yeah you call me but you
Beckett boy yeah I did I got a good deal
at Nike guys whoa
they totally bad haha daddy you need
green gray or black shorts on
well I even got him riding black she's
daddy has red and black shoes so on
softball day my basketball guys I just
can't even believe that I have such a
sporty little dude I was talking to the
guy at Nike today trying to get help
with the size and I was like are these
were for running or basketball he was
like how old is yourself oh I was like
well he's only two and a half but he's
like really into basketball so we're
trying to really feed it
I wanted to zip it half way I wish this
thing had to zipper you guys ready not
whack just a little bit oh wow oh man oh
man she's soaked I don't know you're
getting that wet I know about water cut
oh is soaked inside that seat at least
my little Chargers waterproof here you
have to worry about that
let's call Mia she'll talk here that
thing is soaking wet just get a call
that the kids are dripping soaking wet
so I need to take them some shorts to
wear while they're playing at the park
all right I disposal do got one down
already loose material in the middle of
a basketball court sitting slipped on it
that right there she just slipped on him
dribble with Daddy dribble dribble
dribble dribble how's that hey you play
that's how I everyone play the
basketball right there good job dude
what who's that mama mommy's here hey
buddy
she fell again she's just company all
back with you she slipped and she fell
before we got here don't go back with
mommy ready unchanged cuz we might go
get a snack afterwards
change
sit to be back in the game till we're
getting snacks afterwards that kipper
here was that it or just like playing
with us
my son is picking flowers instead of
playing basketball where'd you find
buddy oh well you left your basketball
you hand oh man
we came here play basketball not pick
flowers okay cute little man they're
doing exercise
you guys are awesome
harmony that's a beautiful name we
thought about new Tiffany her name is
harmony we thought about naming you
harmony you sharing your hat buddy oh he
looks cool in your hat that's Abraham's
Hattie sharing it it looks cooler though
tiffany is a natural leader on the court
man not with the basketball and a habit
she's just so cute how she gets around a
group of kids and she starts naturally
wanting to lead like they start playing
tag shows okay everybody stop I gotta
tell you the rules okay first of all now
taking off shoes second of all probably
no going over there past that white line
and just starts making up rules of the
top of her head I think it has a lot to
do with me and I just loving her so much
make her feel very secure in every area
of her life I don't know I think we all
naturally want to be leaders and as long
as our basic needs are met like feeling
loved being fed taken care of then we
can focus on being leaders what's that
hi guys IRD buddy hi everybody
oh thanks for the hug sweetie
coming to the day ghosts - Kim Lieber
you finally got it coming to the day
she's been leaving this comment on like
every vlog Sam you were a photographer
do you have any advice for me since I
want to be one when I grow up I do have
advice for you take the camera the
camera that you have any camera and
start shooting and get to know light and
shadow like right now the lights coming
from behind me just being aware of your
light sources what it looks like from
different sides and just shooting just
constantly shooting but always
practicing a certain aspect of it don't
just like shoot just for the heck of
shooting hope they go out and be
specific today I'm going to learn a
little bit about shadow today I'm going
to learn about light but I will see you
guys morrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
but there mister
for a mess
