good morning everyone I am getting ready
to do recess at some finny school and I
thought that I would show you guys a
little bit what's in my Ipsy bag I'm
gonna do my makeup while I wait to hear
back from Sandy I may be riding together
so it's e bag this time around I got
some argan oil for my hair a little
brush what is this liquid eyeliner no
lip and cheek pencil eyeliner and liquid
lipstick
it's called liquid suede by NYX I'm
super excited try this out normally I
would do something like this honey is
nest but lately I haven't been doing my
epsy unboxings over there and I like
sharing it with everyone so I thought I
would share it on the vlog today since
that's what I'm doing right now
hi I'm going to start with my eyeliner
oh it's a liquid one that's cool nice
here
I don't normally use liquid eyeliner
it's like it makes a mess people put
liquid eyeliner on the inside of their
eyelid like this I don't like any let it
dry before I close my lid I learned
recently that when you're doing eyeliner
you want to start from the outside and
go in I'm sure a lot of you know that
but I didn't Wow dad that is super duper
red
look like that girl good girl Miranda
sings I like it but I'm not wearing her
to Symphony school this is - OH
salacious okay
I like it but just know I have to wear
that to school so we'll just stick to
the old chap stick and now I'll try my
makeup brush out one oh yeah I like this
brush I just let you guys think I'm here
anyways guys I'll see your princess so
cute so true how's school going
let me see your outfit today you look
adorable
what did you get on your shirt though
yellow yogurt you had yogurt for snack
did you like the peach yogurt yes you
have a drink thirsty where you had it
baby
lunch oh my love you have a good lunch
baby you didn't show me your sprouts you
think you can show me real quick let's
go see you symphonies gonna show me her
sprouts really quick before she lines up
for lunch
let me see where are they being done so
we have that one uh-huh that we want no
those are my Kinsey's uh-huh not ones
Mackenzie's in or pastels flower doesn't
like those are getting big where's
Cuffy's all right that's awesome baby I
love this little garden you can hear oh
thank you
give me kisses I love you see Reverend
lunch bye baby
recess has come to a halt sandy and I
are wonderfully made it's a children's
boutique in Rockwall that our friend
Allison owns
today is the four-year anniversary since
it opened it she's having like a big
blowout parties the thing so we're here
to support and show some love cotton
candy machine balloons I'm a sneak up on
her
she's working one step in one hey I'm
out fish you want to enter on the back
oh my gosh
congratulations this is adorable
a wonderful owner wonderfully made and
she's wonderful - so cute no I didn't
find the small ones and I was able to
come yeah too bad I can't have this I
guess I was drinking from that fountain
Oh yummy dryer fours
that's so cute like 50 sheets I gotta
get this wrong amount of olive oil match
daddy thank you
look at this doesn't that look like
Juliet looks like something she would
wear she's not you're not here yet but I
know her style hey guys
never seen me in this angle have you
like I've never blocked from this part
of the board I don't know why I've been
working in here lately you guys I just I
don't like being our craft room I don't
know what it is there's just somethin
about that room that like unmotivated
it's so weird it's almost like when we
picked that I wanted bright and
invigorating colors for right now I'm
wanting like warm soft light I can play
that night I think that's what I think I
just worked so late at night it's like
midnight right now if everyone's in bed
even Sam's in bed you guys didn't even
see him today what Sam and I did not
spend a lot of time together today I was
Allison's little thing for a little
while
and I was at recess and so I took our
main vlogger and that was that but let's
see what that dude do today
he hung on the woodshed and a room for a
while he went for a run
he we had a major miscommunication on
who picks up symphony from school today
he thought he was just pick her up and I
told him I was gonna pick her so I both
showed up at school and he's like behind
I was with Sadie he was behind the car
he's like that was a funny thing to
happen tonight I just okay that one is
all done I like yellow I think it has a
really pretty like to it I gave a friend
of mine one of these and she hung it
like this upside down anyways guys I
guess I'll do comment of the day for you
all
Liz Hampton Liz Hampton wants to know
Nia where is your wedding ring I've
asked this a few times and a lot of you
have asked me that question so yes if
you haven't noticed I'm not wearing my
wedding ring and the reason is because
it's still being sized it should be
ready by the 25th or the 27th I don't
remember exactly the date but it was
made by Vera Wang and Vera Wang their
warranty is only like legit if they
resize their product so like I could
have had sales resized the ring and it
would have like ruined the warranty
something like that the in-store size is
like i7 1/2 or 8 and I wear a size 3.75
and so they really were like ok that's
going to take a while to size it down to
a 4 over low because it can mess with
the quality so instead of resizing my
ring they're making a new ring in my
size and I'm gonna go exchanges I am
just really ready I looked it up the
other day online because I feel like I
went seen it in awhile I was like what
if I look at it and I don't feel the
same about it I had it popped up and I
like ah that's the one anyways guys
we'll see you tomorrow would be fun no
matter what and I know you guys didn't
even get to see Abram today it was like
just a girls for just me I'm gonna so
hope you enjoyed it and don't forget we
love you and remember to love you
Oh
