morning y'all go up want some eggs and
potatoes so they had done we don't have
a bath result it got by me chilly I do
we need a buy up some basketball shoes
on him he said it had a good sleep last
night guys except I dreamt a lot about
high school boy said a dream I was
photographing a play at the high school
I graduated from and the flashes that I
had off-camera kept falling down and
like almost hurting people and like on
one of them I had an expensive lens
which doesn't make sense but I fell down
and busted the lens the symbolism of
having a camera with you it was kind of
similar like what are you what are you
seeing in your life it's as simple as
I'm breaking the camera lens is that
you're not seeing the big picture you're
not actually taking in what's going on
like something's off and you're not
seeing it turkey bacon guys sounds good
screw you posters who stop drop them on
the floor buddy Sam and I have a goal of
cleaning out the guest bedroom today
aka Andrews old room and basically this
is how it happens instead of cleaning
the room we're finding things in the
room to play with and daddy's
preoccupied
daddy's supposed to be doing judges room
my parents are also heading over I feel
like my house is a mess you ladies out
there know when your mom comes over you
want your house to look better than
normal but sorry mom
you know that's not how I roll deep down
she knows me yeah I'm watching go for it
uh go wait for daddy I think oh hey hey
somebody here who's here
go bring QB Bo big hug here mom be
careful so this is what we're doing in
here
this is actually looking pretty good
compared to what it was trust me two
mattresses in here a huge brown rocking
chair and stuff flying all over the
floor my tools are all over but anyway
we're charging up this room ready for I
guess us we still don't know for sure
what we're doing we're probably gonna
end up sitting back here and I'll
probably end up repainting this room I
don't know I hate thinking about it but
I probably will and get new carpet in
here for sure this carpet is nasty this
is like outside carpet yeah so yeah yeah
so yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
thank you I am loving this I like
getting some work done when V was here I
have to show her any and all new clothes
that I've gotten for the baby before she
heads out she just said she's gonna
leave it mom I know you're ready to
leave but I want to show you some baby
clothes first
okay I have matching of that way then
there's gonna be her size around Easter
time next year I'm so happy we're close
so Abram love these alphabet puzzle so
much at Bo's house I ordered them right
away when I came home yeah open them
what are they letters big letters
numbers big letters or big numbers you
don't do numbers first
those are numb that's a number puzzle
this is alphabet puzzles Wow pop him out
man let's do them just pop him out a
brand new part yes rock wall had a brand
new Park you guys were here last time
with Abram and I we're just over here
hanging out while Nia shops
everywhere this camp back by popular
demand
well guy over here buddy
we made it to the Honda dealership and
our Toyota I imagine the people out here
are saying why is that bad Germany's too
long here I would just stay off the
window because it broke down here to get
a key though that's all I'll pick the
wrong door though so no key to getting
guys they need more information they
need my proof of ownership of the car
they need the VIN number and then my
driver's license I forgot my wallet so
dumb but crazy story guys there was a
guy right behind me I couldn't figure
out what model our Honda Pilot was if
there's a LX or ext or something and
this guy right behind me waiting for
service he goes excuse me hit the
interrupt but I watch your channel I'm a
big fan what you have actually you guys
driving are all the time on vacations
and everything it's like it's like I
know you truly are standing there like
you're Sam Rader right
well guys we're back and everyone's all
calm and in bed
finally Abram has been fighting his
sleep today like none other
man oh it makes me feel a little nervous
having another kid when Abram has a
rough night as my pregnancy is
progressing she kicks and flops all
night long and I'm like oh I know it's
just the Lord preparing my body to do
what it's made to do which is stay up
all night nurse the baby and then get up
all day the next day and be awake but
man it's taking a toll on me but anyways
I hope you guys had fun shopping with me
tonight I had fun I like going on the
supply trips when I fill up my cart full
of flowers I think it looks really
pretty but anyways guys it's time for
comment of the day and this one had me
laughing quite a bit
it comes from W Smith 9 5 7 okay is it
just me or did Sam's beard get shorter
as the video progressed which is so
funny because yes it did
he totally did another trim on it
yesterday like at the middle of the day
or towards the end of the day and it did
it got shorter as the video went on and
I was just like oh my goodness it's so
funny that someone noticed because it
wasn't a huge difference like he was all
scruffy and then it was suddenly not
scruffy anymore and then he just like
trimmed it up a little bit anyways guys
we will see you all tomorrow I have a
pretty fun day planned
aside from recess and after that I'm
gonna be spending some time with some of
my friends in Rockwall at my friend's
boutique store I'll take you guys along
with me probably she's got a big
celebration going on it's gonna be
really cool so anyways we'll see you
then don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other
