good morning guys we made it out of the
house within 15 minutes today we usually
don't blog on Sunday but I decided today
we're gonna go ahead and do that because
we got a lot going on today I got a
couple of softball games Nia are
teaching today in class and symphonies
class we're running a little bit late as
usual I got breakfast right here bananas
coffee a green juice and water tell your
predicament this morning hopping out of
bed and just get dressed there's crazy I
looked at the clock as
and Sam looked at the clock I said what
up as they said 9:30 I swear that
happened within 10 minutes an hour and a
half jump by I guess I'm really learning
that a monkey man I know how we are
going to early got a big class today cup
can you say the Bible verse buddy
Pharaoh said good job
okay next question what did I do if he
saw a house with blood on top of the
door yeah no you can clean it off that's
it good yes though let's see what
Abraham's doing there he is
jumping skills that's one of my
highlights at Sunday is getting a peek
at Abram in his class well we made it
back home guys and some sad sad news
just came in the games have been
canceled for tonight and it's such a
bummer because today it's probably one
of the warmest days we've had in past
several months these over there
packaging I managed to put it in that
instead of like that sized box over
there that one whoa well show me I'm
gonna see this this one so right under
here but a cuff that hole that tiny hole
oh that one so they're living inside of
the pillar
I gotta go cut that thing up what time
for the family to go watch Zootopia it's
a Disney movie it's the new Disney movie
it's a brand new Disney movie we're
going to the theaters here you're gonna
love it
really good guys wanna see the film
whoa that's a long wobbly stick he feels
of water get over here come on
this is a very popular photography
location somebody gave me the photo gun
right there set up right over there palm
or something
to the ocean
it's pretty exciting maybe not they used
to play out here but that side says you
can't but here it's not meant to be
played on I've got a couple kids got
hurt so they erected that sign
Thank You shoes the freefall explained
before I was wondering when his running
so late wow that 650 cribbage seems like
he really knows his left and right
already
yeah look right foot I remember it
taking Symphony while I've been working
on him every single time I put in shoes
Oh games complain
there's my game guys the stacker we've
got over to the top one time I remind
you every time I come here and I walked
home with the Nintendo DS 3d so Symphony
easy on the icy go ahead
six come on buddy oh you got your ticket
okay I got the candy and the popcorn
okay wait let's go find row seats first
you're eating it you see nothing
mm come on buddy we'll go up here Wow
to Horizon
we gotta put a hot dog bedroom having
table on the edge of the seat because it
keeps doing this to him but he can't
hold himself up like some peers just
falling I'll be darned
hey Judy I just like to say I'm sorry
for the way I behaved in my youth you
bring movies won't have any but they're
released yet wha-hey 50% Oh buddy make
me not
somebody burned the popcorn out here
guys it is bad
oh man it's even hard to breathe and
turn this one time and get out of here
okay guys my daddy plays game
youngberry home by midnight
here we go for the minor prize all right
daddy gets a minor prize let's keep
going
here we go still babe
bitch
Malka some guys what are we in a war
zone now I can't tell this is a joke or
there's actually a clone boy head I'm
curious to find out right here in
Rockwall Texas a real tomboy Oh
something going on I don't know about
it's so sickening what do you think of
the movie awesome but at this scare but
ahead of for daddy
Oh what are the scary parts huh when
they we're trying to get attacked from
that tiger
oh yeah that's kind of scary yeah yeah
daddy wanna see of it all that joy I'm
wearing the school shirts here I like
the ring on my thumb even though that's
not my roof my on my finger because I
want it to be on the finger it would
mostly fit on so it wouldn't fall off
like maximum bed
good thinking cess good watch how good
it stays on oh yeah let me barely even
come off this bracelet and pretty
necklace I want from the movie oh wow
that is really pretty Sweeting it's
looks like my favorite type of rape line
the green so got a quick movie review of
Zootopia basically I got from it the
moral of the story was chase your dreams
we all have equal opportunity and I feel
like Zootopia was a kind of
representative of America that's what it
seemed like the whole time what's your
favorite thing about the movie what was
your favorite thing about the Mary my
favorite thing was definitely the main
character and her determination I don't
want to give away too many details but I
just loved the main character and the
little message that she had my least
favorite thing about the movie was a few
times there were some blasphemous things
in it threw me off car for Disney movie
I don't really know why they have to go
there there's so many different routes
you can take it and you got to go and I
guess maybe make fun of the Bible on us
or make fun of it but just just joke
about it I can't get a joke you messed
up yeah I didn't like how they they were
kind of just like extra violent in some
scenes and they used language then I
don't let my kids use and some parts of
it just a little more
these weren't stupid about four times
like this is so stupid this is so stupid
stupid stupid like the ending of the
movie was so cute symphonies reaction
she was like watched I watched symphony
watched any of the movie she was like
this watching just kept getting bigger
and bigger it was so cute and I kind of
knew what was good what was coming in
the review of it and I grabbed a camera
and it was too late so would you
recommend it to a friend yeah
I recommend dear friend it was really
good I mean even on those feet which
friend is really funny I enjoyed the
whole movie I wasn't bored at all not a
single time but anyway guys see my
office or about my stupid hair right now
coming today guys - the so late you
wanted to do that instead so we'll see
you guys tomorrow don't forget as always
we love you remember - that was exciting
