I haven't told me if someone says she
noticed those when she comes to the
house
honey where are you she's outside my
beers gone buddy what do you think do
you like it yeah so she's picking
flowers in my ring
I'm so surprised that these flowers made
to the winner comes
okay everybody's slacking a romantic
Department oh my gosh
what whoa what cry really
what oh no I'm sentimental about things
I guess I wasn't expecting that reaction
I don't know there's this matter I like
in his mind that's all she doesn't like
it I gotta go back out I decided to
start over cuz there's so much stuff
under here
I was like I'm tired of trying to mess
with this and fix it so I just cut it
off maybe I'll start over or maybe I'll
just keep it trimmed sounds like only be
growing it back out he wants a flower
this is what he's warning ain't go good
morning guys how do you like my clean
look I'm really liking this heavy and I
got yesterday I've been cleaning all
morning and then Abram took his nap and
I worked on wreaths I just finished one
I love you guys wanna see it not all the
way done yet but this is gonna go kind
of right in here for Easter time and
then after Easter time you take it off
and have spring and summer time this
room up this morning and here's what I
did to it during nap time me and the
girls that are going to dinner no we
just save each other selfies everybody
what is that where is it in my room
there it is there you go buddy pin it on
big sissy's here or something's gonna
notice my hairdo hi Katie do I look
different to you I do what about me
really good what oh hey guys we got a
really cool gift in the mail for baby
Julia and I wanted to open it while
Nana's here so I don't think Symphony
has seen any of these things either we
got something from Lily baby cute little
owl pattern tear it right open yeah it's
a baby carrier
oh really baby I should be able to carry
her around in man you think so that's
cute look at the owl pattern I could get
one for you also something from Como
Tomo oh yeah it just bottles cool that's
it it's a nice little bottle system
that's at either look you know it feels
like breasts
oh yeah maybe that's what it is
something with flowers on it I'll let
Nana do the ripping oh is a diaper bag
from tomorrow from Jujubee Jujubee
diaper bag look and it's got straps on
the back to be Julie yeah that's cute
juju oh I think I know what this is Zoli
baby um it's a baby changing mat I'm
cool wow these are cool too cozy happens
when it's either infant carseat canopy
look how cute that is this is from bitsy
ritzy oh it's a teething necklace it's
pink and grey awesome oh cool more of a
goofy receipt it's a violent infinity
breastfeeding scarf so it can be a scar
and then you can unwrap it to be a
breastfeeding cover that's awesome
another thing that I didn't have any my
other kids so that's cool this is from
Zoli a munch silicone Teeter how funny
looks like a little gear just a baby
teether last but not least oh I'm a mini
reusable snack bag it's a snack bag also
fluted syrupy that is really cute it's
got little foxes on it oh man oh come on
buddy go knock on the door daddy's hands
are full yeah Abram and I are having a
late night it is his bedtime right now
we're just now arriving at Bo's house to
have another playdate come in open the
door buddy Pizza Pizza
OAH brought his board to awesome pizza
so the ladies are out celebrating
something you just give together at a
restaurant championship and we're here
to keep everyone happy at the same with
one of those house mice so here we are
at that time this is H by the way guys
part of the killer's crazy job
remembering just hoping that in the car
it's crazy it makes you crazy
oh alright so everyone are gonna
practice our alphabet
what is that buddy what do you have in
your pan what is that that's a J for
Juliet let's cheer for Julius what is
that that is a B
who's india can i buy grab a one of my
knee is gonna get back it is now almost
10 o'clock people hey guys we're back
home i had a fabulous dinner with my
girlfriends
a it truly was fabulous food and be
fabulous company it was wonderful it was
really awesome kind of just like one of
those last-minute type things that
happened between me and a few other
women from church and which is really
fun we had a lot of fun a lot of good
talks lots of laughs and like is that
really yummy food so anyways let's do
our comment of the day the comment of
the day goes to Jojo M and I liked what
she had to say she said hey Nia I know
that you were talking about how you
weren't sure Abram would take nursing
Juliet and I want to suggest a nursing
toy box for him it's basically a small
box of toys that he plays with when
you're nursing Juliet and it makes nurse
nursing easier for you and gets him
something fun to do while you're busy
the family i94 had one it was perfect
fix love y'all that is such a good idea
when I had Abram and I understand I had
like a stack of craps for Symphony that
she could go to and choose from but I
didn't call it like her nursing box so
I'm definitely gonna do that thank you
for the suggestion and believe it or not
it really does kind of take a load off
because I've been thinking about it a
lot like what am I gonna do I'm gonna
entertain him especially when Symphony
goes back to school so come back
tomorrow for a fun-filled historical day
in Dallas we have a really really big
day planned tomorrow with Sam's brother
Matthew and his girlfriend and I think
you guys are gonna enjoy it especially
those of you who are not from around
here I think it's gonna be something
really cool for all of you so yeah stay
tuned for that don't forget guys we love
you and remember to love each other
