good morning everyone it's bright and
early on the hundredth day of school
money morning mommies 100th day of
school yay all you're missing is your
cape yep can you turn by something
super symphony shopkin go to school
oh my little superhero girl her cape
went upside down now it's time for our
weekly playdate and we match again we
always have these shirts in the same day
how was superhero day at your house
hundreds day of school oh it was Oh her
face is like not that great because we
ran out of tape we're making his cape
and ran a tape yeah tell me I found some
more tape I knew I had more cameras can
funding what did you wanna do across a
hundred straw hundred stores are get on
that okay what snacks did you take we
took um Teddy Grahams oh that's a good
one we did almonds I did a widget of
snack aisle and I was just like what's
small enough to put in his backpack did
you put the whole box in there no
counting dolly counted him out I had cup
counting now I had Symphony count him
out to in oh my gosh I had her count out
the shopkins everything it was like we
had a counting groups of ten no that's
good because it I was like and I think
it they're too many in there I love I
think you just wrote on the floor that
one's gone now didn't make so funny like
short count and she'd be like like let's
say like everything I'm pointing at
right now is a shopkin should be like
one two three four five six seven eight
nine ten like she was counting fast and
pointing very slow and I'm like no no
you're already at 11 and you've only
counted four actually so do you think I
did my hair today but I didn't there's a
headband on me it was really concerned
about sandy this morning come on sandy
what you doing are we sharing you have a
donut face it'll beat me down no not
right now
no look at the babies hey what you got
buddy
meow
you are so cute playdate time is over
and I am now getting ready to make a
large pot of soup for Angela our friends
from church just had a baby we have such
an awesome group of church friends that
schedule things and and make things
available so that if you want to help
serve you can choose a day on the
calendar and make a meal and take it to
them and so I am making a large pot of
chicken noodle soup this is a mixture of
celery onions and carrots I'm was it
broccoli again I chopped them in Sam's
ninja as you saw and um I think I did it
a little bit too fine there are some
chunks in there so to go as long as
there some chance to be alright you're
singing ABC's looks pretty good it does
look pretty good making the broth right
but I know that all right just love Kara
slightly sister how was 100 Dave school
baby
what did y'all do I turn my music down
there's no radio on this car there are
two special thing that I liked um well
it actually was miss Nora's mother being
a mom you should dress up like a grandma
Kane that is so funny
what else
okay so so even though it's 100 days
school and that's really exciting I
still have some big news are you ready
for it
we're gonna go pick up daddy get our car
back from the shop okay and then I'm
taking you to Jonathan's house and you
get to spend the night with Nana tonight
are you excited are you excited cool I
know
good afternoon guys how are you today we
are off to go get our Honda Pilot they
figured out what was wrong with it it's
crazy to me that they were able to find
out what the problem was because I was
just so freaky
our keyless entry was activating or was
continuously activated I guess the
locking door or the unlock doors
something just kept continuously
happening happening because of the key
he said the only fixes the replace to
keep obviously we've been needing a key
we made it all the way to Arizona and
back that whole trip worth one key that
was broken half
what are you pretty good at keeping up
with here there's a broom hi dad
I got a doughnut you got his apple juice
and buried you said you stood on the
floor again he's gonna wake mommy I got
a doughnut for Mom mommy had done this
this morning so this is what we've been
having to do for the key the key itself
has to be connected to the keyless entry
to start the car and so we've been
having to put it against her and start
it and yes if it works okay how do you
stop a little boy from jumping in mud
puddles you just can't I just can't do
it
it's just the cutest thing it puts both
feet together just pops inside the
puddles you get your own basketball me
this is such a boy I love it so much
what is your shirt say man my daddy he
love dad is my here Oh jumping that pot
I dare you you want a little mud puddle
Oh
the tiny whittled my puddle good job
looking both ways
just watch this guy all day dears so
entertaining whoa oh no no you're all
wet man my sudha oh man
did you hurt your knees are you sure
okay
ouch that looked painful come here
everyone recheck your knees buddy that
was quite a jump and there's your knees
oh oh let's pull it about well let's
let's look inside this one I'm probably
easier no don't get em off I'm not
taking it off and just palm down and
he's okay how's it look fine
good luck daddy okay little flutter
right here me what you did little guy I
wish there was an easier way to get the
kids in the car and near what that Ivan
get out of this rain and go collect them
all maybe I could just clap my hands
whoa hey guys
okay that was easy
hot sink that my favorite here it's
always so nerve-wracking is we live a
little bit far from where utila lives
like did any of it spill good prepare
for the rest of the week made too much
huh Abrams screaming throwing a fit mm I
need Sam's muscles and I have the
crackers in the desert sorry I just want
you to know sweetie that we are not
happy about this okay we're gonna miss
you oh well it's hard for us to let her
go okay
what's up driving guy here sup bro do
yes sir Hagar sweet jacket you got there
man
cuz he's right over there yes I just
want to say hi I bet you guys can guess
where we're at before I can even ask you
to guess her out yeah again Stefan is so
funny when we drop her off with her Nana
she's very particular about us getting
in her space with with Nana she did not
want me coming in the house behind she's
like Daddy you have to go now like it's
almost like part of going to Nana's
house is being away from mommy and daddy
hey bruh mommies are hardworking
crafters and she
when you get oil some treats while right
here I'm gonna get these bull sticks I
bet you love that but tried this one
first me I'm over here yeah where she's
mad at me are you mad at me that's a lot
of chick man there go my two kiddos oh
my gosh even in a car
Costco has almost been semi
life-changing having buying things in
such bulk like seriously the last time
you guys saw us do that big shopping
trip egg pasta was the last time we
really bought like heavy girl she is not
just like fruit kind of stuff like that
it this is the first of a long time ago
we hadn't been over a month ago made
home guys were about the movie night
trying to get comment of the day and
pretty much everybody say the same thing
that it was hilarious how we put Abrams
water yeah so since everybody's saying
same thing I'm just going to do it
randomly and with that that one your
vlog is the only one that makes me feel
like I'm sitting in your kitchen with
you that is what I love about you guys
every other vlog is like a movie I enjoy
watching but yours is different in a
beautiful way I wish up most success to
you guys I was a really good comment it
was unrelated to the what yeah we'll see
you guys tomorrow
don't forget house always we love you
and remember to love each other
be shot
