hey guys rainy out here get my hood on
okay here we go I'm off to do some work
I have a lot of work to do for cement
things in our church scheduling like
somehow like became like scheduler for a
lot of different things not a lot just
to and so I'm off to Starbucks got my
laptop back here and I'm gonna get to
work and some peace and quiet just let
me go to a place where I feel like I'm
away from the house and get rounded
staying here reminds me the college I
wanted coverage like right over there to
Community College and in between classes
work come Starbucks remember Sam
sometimes a friend
noisy but ok so my cousin Angela they're
gonna get a comfy chair hmm see now
jigsaw puzzle of a schedule
I'm almost done with it have three more
spots to fill and I'm communicating with
a few different people right now and I'm
gonna get started on the next set of
samples for our GC work time is over for
me
symphonies home from school and tomorrow
is the 100th day of school so what are
we making here sis okay a cape that we
have to wear an air that's right
Symphony school is not like all the
other schools in America where you dress
up your child like an old person I love
that as much as I like seeing all my
friends little kids dressed up like old
people and it would be fun to go
assembly I think it's really cool that
her teachers are doing something unique
they're doing like a superhero day their
theme at their school super kids so
they're going to wear a cape and they
have to put 100 items on the cape
symphony has decided snack shopkins oh
yeah so we went online and printed out
all of these shopkins we're going to cut
them out and tape them on here you go
we're using my shipping tape from my
reads because I want to stick the
material of the Cape is like a
tablecloth type feel that works awesome
guys I don't through the top of it this
is you want a shot in your movie before
we were just ringing
how many shopkins are on there 99 100
I counted 99 but I really would friend
rate okay we're gonna make sure these go
under your collars he can't keep
alright Symphony walk that way let's see
whoa super shopkin girl that is awesome
no idea what you like it yeah come what
what is he hey God goofball ass me get
cookie jug it hey gonna eat it you want
to eat it there's nothing that's bread
it's like a doughnut beat it no no no no
okay one try it on
took a hunt upon to the shop today
waiting for the news whoa buddy droves
can we or 11 models come to the radio
and even AC it can be the navigation
system abundantly armed so the certain
is not the alternator they said it's
something draining the battery when the
car supposed to shut down they said
something is being left on it could be
much it could be one of the electrical
seats it could be the radio and they got
to take apart everything to do that what
a bummer I guess it could be worse
though one okay so this is today's vlog
was kind of lacking in content we
decided we're going to provide you with
a fun and educational
QA oh you ready for Q&A time get excited
go grab your popcorn we'll be right back
roofie at the night time under my pun
that's the night that the unite this Q&A
is live we just now posted on instagram
that we are doing a Q&A and we're taking
the questions right as you guys send
them in so if my buddy would get back
over here
question number one that's where she's
already Joseph hill
what is your biggest pet peeve mmm me
thinking about that to cross you can
need the other chair should we get the
other chair Tina's sitting in tall
chairs my pet peeve is when someone's
like oh my gosh did you know wait
nevermind I shouldn't tell you I hate it
when people do that when it's like
they're about to tell you something my
tell us have anything to say I'm saying
that's my pet peeve don't do this to me
my pet peeve you gotta tell me you're
not gonna tell us who's there she's not
gonna say okay next question comes from
Charlotte underscore B bank what's your
favorite kind of pizza topping it
doesn't have to be a real one it can be
like gummy worms if you want if you want
not probably pizza pizza on your pizza
pizza like pineapples I feel like if
piece of pizza has pineapple on it is
the best pizza ever
yeah I really just like supreme to the
max pizza I generally don't like
mushrooms but if it's not my supreme
pizza I like it next question comes from
a knack of osis how do you think Avery
will react to having a baby sibling have
you explained it to him yet I'm excited
to see his reaction love you guys and
your family today he was looking at the
thumbnail for mr. are there before
yesterday and he's like Julia wants to
come out he kept telling that Julie I
want to come out I think he's gonna like
welcome her with open arms when I hold
babies or even like kids his age he's
like put that baby down mommy put that
baby down some is gonna be Julia a tux
but I know that's right just it's gonna
be pretty awesome I think he's going to
be amazing
can't wait I'm alone nervous for nursing
because as some a lot of you know he
just stopped nursing back in like
November that's gonna be interesting
he noticed my neat needs as he always
called him today for the first time he
said something about it and he feels
like mommy had to meet needs I count
them oh yeah I want to mom I had just
got a shower mommy had he actually did
kill all the famouser you did give us an
apple this is not really vlog you know
how many we're gonna think I found one
Matthew has a third nipple he's okay he
tell people all the time it's just a
little like mole type thing anyway
here's some blankie oh you might not put
any of that in the long this is a good
one a lot of people been asking from all
you need is scrub how did you guys pick
your kids name also I'm so excited to
order a wreath from me soon oh you need
scrub now all you need is seeker oh yes
I'm sorry okay Brian Griffith 54 did you
both grow up as Christians yes we did
this one just came in now saying did you
ever get discouraged when it came to
your photography from Brittany Elaine 93
when I first started photography I would
sometimes spend an entire day on a
single photo in a couple days later come
back to the phone and be like yeah be
kidding math spent a day on this photo
what was I thinking that process is
absolutely necessary to become like
efficient at anything like it just takes
a lot more work at the beginning anyone
getting on subject yes I did get
discouraged but I stuck with it and
that's what counts and now I can edit a
photo like that see what's wrong with it
and just like quickly fix it but I think
that had to happen for me to get where
I'm at so don't give up two seconds ago
Olivia Rasmussen
eight if Julian wasn't going to be named
Juliet what was the second choice whom I
like that question who was going to be
Jules no Romeo I like the name what was
this Evelyn no Romina
no there's uh Lorraine funny H Christie
said what would you do for a Klondike
bar fuller that's so funny because we're
watching them pop up on Instagram right
now since I'm eating healthy I wouldn't
do anything that is so funny he answered
that because I actually started thinking
ahead what I do for a Klondike run it
was really good she would send me just
her to go get one she'd have no qualms
about it no I'm not sure I really want
some pickles tonight I kind of want to
send him okay Maddy h18 wants to know
what is one quality that Symphony and
Abram have that you would like Julia to
have I feel like our kids both are
really eager to learn and that's a good
call you have so hopefully she'll have
that and not you know be lazy or
something
what are your love languages and when
did you know you loved each other
interesting that you would ask Museum
language is quality time and words of
affirmation I think I think so mine's
definitely words of affirmation and
physical touch when you do your age next
question comes from none other than hey
it's Lorenzo um he asked hey guys what
would you want to be remembered for the
most that's interesting for some reason
that's been I look for from my mind
lately like and one thing I've been
thinking about is being generous I want
to be remembered as being generous so
it's something I'm working on like I
want to naturally say it be remembered
as a devoted mom and wife because that's
what I love doing
yeah it's great all right this next
question that comes in is gonna be the
last one of the night where you can go
family six I just wanted to tell you
the other one philosophy thank you this
is me thank you
only six appreciate it wasn't a question
guys but we're gonna end it there yeah
because we always say don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
just like that family
for then I missed
what
