good morning everyone Abrams off to a
fun little playdate today and it's not
with mommy this is the first I think her
this is your first time to take just you
and Abram go on a playdate with another
dad daddy will you get me out of here
I'll put my husband rushing saying one
morning get your shoes on daddy
you brought me my shoes let's go tell
everybody make dollars who are you gonna
see at McDonald's no I think he's gonna
see knocks your buddy
and bull and daddy
good morning guys we've made it to
McDonald for our play date
we're just waiting for beau to get here
we're meeting at 10:00 and we'll just go
to chill I'm sure glad I take my coffee
table inside yeah April's going down the
baby slide unfortunately I have one of
those hear hear knocks good job buddy
see the helicopter this was not a good
idea
man we finally made it down with both of
them I know they want to go back up it's
play dates are exhausting come on Knox
you got it buddy
does it come yeah oh so you gonna wants
to go yeah
all right the park is closed guys okay
hop on guys
mark you can't control everything be the
good GC time but first I must I didn't
do my weekly shopping yesterday like I
normally do
hey you know me mom of three didn't hit
on at the Hobby Lobby just kidding
yesterday was my shopping day to get
here that's not really worth the trip
all the way to Rock log twenty minutes
it's a twenty mile trip so just gonna
grab it real quick
I need fabric and ribbon that's how I
shop at Hobby Lobby just kidding I'm
just in a really good mood I have a lot
of energy today
I love Dave's or have a lot of energy
and it's surprising because I went to
recess earlier today you would think I'd
have you know energy okay so here is my
ribbons white chevron so cool they have
all these different things they have
medium large and small I use the medium
size
this aisle is done with I'm heading over
here to this stuff I managed to get
everything I needed except for one thing
and it wasn't on sale this week so we
made it to GC 15/20 ish monthly and Jen
and I are Legos Barbie house chill Tom
Chilton you're kind of sit over here
talking the kids started buzzing really
but we need to jump up they should
probably go and see what's going on with
them we're trying to catch up on life
got major Lego war going on over here
no actually it's like a major Lego party
is it a party Lucy Wow how do you how
did you know how to build that that's
awesome babe it looks really cool
they've erected this ship over here I
wrecked the ship
where'd you go
obviously the color we got a brusha
brusha my head okay oh good we got a
person for sure to get off and stuff my
stuff look at our smile smart making my
teeth really cold I can't
hold it zip it stop there you go
today Anthony was very adamant about
making a Symphony's world video and
would you make on your channel on today
okay she made a crown it was so cute she
prepared at all I said honey paint
probably not today is a good idea
because I gotta get rid of her GC and
get out the door and she did not let me
make that excuse for her she set it all
up herself on the table she even got the
camera herself I had put on tripod
because if she just had to sit on the
table yeah well you turned it on and
everything I don't know was a hotel
table but anyway she set it all up
herself and took the initiative to make
her own video for tomorrow it's a part
of you happy international Woman's Day
how does it feel to be a real woman huh
how does it feel the majority of our
viewers are women so happy International
Women's Day we said national ones that
yesterday sorry so to celebrate that the
comment of the day goes to a man no not
really it wasn't on purpose I just liked
his comment at 5:49 he says that first
lap was hilarious even he had like 200
woody woodpecker's laugh so solid
Mendoza line desiline gets commented a
because that was hilarious it sounds a
lot like woody the woodpecker I'd have
been noticed that when I edited the
first time
we'll see tomorrow guys don't forget as
always we love you and remember to love
each other
