good morning guys I'm off for a little
brisk walk with Sandy we both were
texting this morning we're having such a
hard time waking up so here we go and
it's gonna that's right knee came
already feels right knee oh my goodness
you're so cute you wrote that for me
guess what happened yesterday baby
tonight no no don't say it and make a
guess Mike I guess I don't want it to be
that oh well it's probably not that
Abram just pooped on the body
it was so her in the bathroom for an
hour and now he's started to go and he's
starting crying Oh Mike Mike was scared
Jeremy was like my booty hurt he started
crying and it was like hard crying like
sad I just got hurt crying I don't know
what happened he got scared but before
that was so key I was trying to tell him
like everybody poops daddy does and
uncle Andrew does and I was telling him
then and then he was like he was like
yeah like it like calms him down that
like the men he looks up to go coach
docu it was an emotional any your first
little haircut don't big big big you're
like a little man he's so big
Hey what are you doing are you having
fun on the walk he keeps saying he wants
out oh I didn't know I feel so much
better after being acting I'm still
really sleepy but I feel at least awake
and motivated and here lies my fate for
the rest of today's free time dunt dunt
my goal is to finish eight reefs today
and have five of them completely boxed
up and ready to send out tomorrow we'll
see I don't know also right now I need
to get it going I need to post it I'm
doing a giveaway with my friend Sarah
that you guys met last week we've met
her since last week but she has a Etsy
page - I'm doing a giveaway a wreath
give away with her head man giveaway so
you guys should go check it out on
Instagram I'm at new your girl 9 and
you'll see all the details in her
Instagram everything over there we can
go follow it but right now I'm gonna get
Easter wreaths ready and they're gonna
be a special price I need ammo my yourhd
but I don't want to so I'm not going to
I'll wait for the warning to come in the
mill and then I'll mow it deal instead I
want to play with my chainsaw I'm in the
mood to work on my coffee table again
this is the progress I've made on it
this was before okay this is after look
at that it's beautiful seriously for the
most part I don't know about this stuff
come here whoa there's a bird in my shop
hey how'd you get in here oh no it's
gonna hurt itself guess who the bird
come on those two words what are they
doing
Oh where's it going to kill themselves
really bashing themselves around in
there there he goes yep
and they're gone it was kind of cute I
think I know what the culprit was my
sunflower seeds
I didn't finish him get all that dust
but I like it that way I like my shop to
be messy I don't know what it is or you
give him my glove give me my glove
she's so cute by the way guys oil has
been extra playful lately she's really
opened up to us
it stands up now tell you that it is a
standing table so long as you don't put
your coffee mug on there
laying down shouldn't go anywhere 190
degree angle so what's gonna have to
come off is all that in order to make it
90 degrees I'd cut quite a bit to that
leg that's the only problem I'd have to
cut all that of the leg off and this is
where I'm stumped
stumped get a guy's skull I'm gonna cut
a little bit off this side and a little
bit off that side
all right so I got once I cut off it's
not too much of the leg I was just
concerned cause the more leg I take off
the less important the table has this
was actually pretty hard to cut you can
see a burn right here I gotta cut this
off and then we'll see what we can do it
this thing after that with most of my
projects I usually just do one step at a
time very rarely do I plan ahead and
like have like a blueprint I find it
funny when you're not following
instructions the kids came home Abram
had some potty time and now they're
painting these little post Christmas
crafts I'm trying to make mine look kind
of like that that's a good idea
no that's just his blue - am i blue -
you have everybody's blue I can laughter
no one do you know stinker I'm not
neethu um Chris don't lie just like that
- it's gonna be the same colors dude wow
you're doing a really good job sis
Symphony came home with this let's get a
good close-up for you guys what would
that be I have no idea Symphony calls in
an oatmeal jug exactly I said that I
could taste it so tasted it in the car
and it just tastes like some kind of
dough I don't know what to do with it
were you guys learning about like a
certain kind of bread or something that
they ate what did she learn about in
Bible hero class we were warning about a
lady I had two sons and she went someone
borrow money then she asked for it back
but she didn't have any
maybe I'm like you're sputtering it
it's beautiful sweetie I love it I'm
gonna turn it over and paint the back
did only appeal here okay no telesco
sweetie daddy today that can horse
classroom a veterinarian encased in a
doggy came to our classroom to where the
veterinary tgs um what tool she does
cool what tools can you remember um the
besa stove and otoscope she had all that
finish my job guys for the day kind of
finish the table but i did cut the other
end it comes to a perfect square
yes honey I was gonna see if you could
go sit with Ava for a minute he's having
a little bit of a meltdown thank you
thank you guys oh yeah go juju goes poop
on the toilet so does daddy until his
Abram huh I started on August 3
I know people show us I started out on
the big clown when I said oh don't be
sad daddy
but you put my finger
who's your fake murder cute guy pushing
Go Daddy hmm
can I go yeah any bump tell me when
nothing yet let's see let's move your
hand a little bit oh she's kicking down
here kill her sure nice and thin sure
she can hear you okay yeah she can hear
what you're saying hey does a sweet
moment she felt a good kick to was like
a flop like a roll you got a good one
all right you guys ready for a belly
shot this is my six-month bob oh she's
getting pretty big how was your day
honey
pretty good are you getting ready for
bed I get ready for bed she's
straightening her hair ever
no I'm not that's how bodacious know it
is ever know we're gonna film a really
cool on the SS video it will be up
tomorrow for national
Woman's Day you should get them a
trampoline from Charlotte no L think
that's a good idea
but just makes me scared because I'm
just kind of there's a little bit small
still I would think whenever they're
like seven symphonies seven abrahams
five yeah even then man yeah we'll be
almost three like one of the most common
causes of broken legs is trampolines if
we did good trampoline it would have to
have to have one of those barricades
around it we'll see you tomorrow
happy National Women's Day yes get out
there and bust vagina thought get out
there and do something lady get out
there and conquer your dreams don't let
anyone tell you know just because you're
a woman or a mom or stay-at-home mom you
can still be successful and you are what
cute but we'll see you guys well don't
forget as always we love you and
remember to love each other
for their mister
I'll be shout
