I have a little bunny running errands
with me today he was just watching him
hey guys it's Wednesday it's a great day
and I've just been getting ready to go
get our groceries from the grocery kick
and the glory of it is I can wear my
slippers I'm sorry yes that was our in
his slippers - I have a little bunny
running errands with me today just look
at those little ears come on girl let's
get in your car seat you're a real Judy
Hopps now you're real time do you owe me
and still a little bit too small to do
this job Jules yeah it oh man what a big
bunny
good job all right guys I've got my
coffee we all have our breakfast
sandwiches even though the kids already
had breakfast I am NOT a sour got a
breakfast sandwich and then the kids are
sharing mine we're gonna go get our
groceries
you know trying to smell my flowers
Bubbe
do they smell barely smell to the back
of the truck I'm driving Sam's truck
today so let's hope for that I don't
know if anything blow away or not
there's a box of cereal with no bag
there is a bottle of pasta sauce no bag
hopefully they just like fell out of a
bag though chips are still there I mean
if the chips are there what else could
be missing all right hey guys what's up
I'm running errands with my mom now I'm
already feeling come on it's okay I long
to go through some back issues so we're
going to her surgeon see was gone
like a failover my hamburger yeah or it
cut it at the hair salon looks like it's
not bleeding anymore I took my hand oh
the apron cut it on the hairdresser
scissors sort of bleeding I was getting
my hair cut
so another doctor examined my mom she's
going to get an x-ray April's gonna
x-ray what are you happy running from
yeah happy two hours later so how'd it
go mom not much happened are you
optimistic though I'm not optimistic I
know I'm gonna have to have a big
surface area it wasn't gonna ask this
guy for chocolate no
you look there you
we made it home just the time our guests
are about to arrive excited about it you
guys excited about our guests baby yeah
I have missed y'all I have been cooking
up a storm
it is so freezing outside and yet I am
sweating like crazy as if it's
summertime on that note for those of you
don't know Juliet has week she is no
longer as feeding and it is such a sad
thing but at the same time I'm not peace
with it right now I'm gonna tank top
that is a little lower than it should be
just because I've been running around if
I pull it up it'll be appropriate she
was kind of tugging around peaking in
there look at her she's so funny so yeah
I have not updated you guys on that I
need to make a little video on my
channel and talk to you guys all about
that but anyway I am doing dinner we're
having the Aldridge's over tonight they
should be here in one minute
they're usually early people so I have
everything ready though I wanted
everything done in case they were a
little early I've got their special
drinks they both have their certain
drinks that they love so I got their
little favorite and we're having white
chicken chili I made little Smokies for
the kids hey how are those Smokies I
made my own sauce was it good
there's no barbecue sauce and I made it
all from scratch do you guys want to see
something kind of sad dunt dunt
ah that is a box full of Juliet baby
clothes they're gonna be gone leaving
our home forever and going to Amanda and
their little baby who's just a few
months behind Julia and the other sad
part too it is out they're gonna be
moving away soon so this means it's
probably the last box full of clothes
that I get to give them here in person
in Texas until we fly over to where
they're gonna be
the girls just clean here let's close
the lid
good job I'll zip it for you put your
bunny and your cheetah put it in here
good job one more okay
great job yeah this is kind of how we do
it guys and I love it I think it's a
great way to teach our kids how to serve
others is to have them all help us clean
up after we have a family over for
dinner it seems to work well what do you
think Sam do you think it's teaching
them now like how to serve together as a
family or is it just like Florence Cara
made a mess and we're helping another
I've been thought much about it I agree
with you it's a great way for them to
serve other people's house - well they
do oh my gosh she's got dog food oh that
was loads of fun guys it's always
awesome to catch up with Heath and
Amanda in the family we're gonna miss
them so much
become another day goes to Elsa muhaha
when Sam got wet in the car washed out
her favorite clip on salmony of the year
yeah that was a funny one I can't
exactly remember what was open was at
the sunroof or my window Abram and I
were going through the carwash and I got
soaked as I lift something open which
was really steep is probably the sunroof
but will include the clip here
on another note guys pant basic gorg is
going really well thanks for all the
posts please keep them coming and make
sure you're uploading photos with it
that'll make a huge difference between a
photo of yourself a photo of something
that is associated with what you're
needing just to clarify to the people
who are going to be seeing alright guys
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
he has excited about our guests I'll
zoom into my face
