all right that's a good idea
tree down here's your cheese this little
guy morning guys
taking the kids on my daily run with me
kind of a disappointing morning we just
bought a brand new battery for the car
you went to go start it she's gonna go
help sandy prepare for Kay's birthday
party and it's dead again the semi
alternator was just fine did we get 50
bucks for that battery is dead I don't
know how to get over it right now
hopefully my run will help put those
worries behind me for for now
sometimes life on the go as planned
you
Peugeot play this guy's basketball every
once in a while guys I consider hearing
the kids of playground in the backyard
we're making one myself or something
game on Craigslist but then I start to
make this excuse that if I build a
playground here you don't have no other
reason to take them out inside of the
house and take them to different places
like this another reason just to sit
down in the house and let the kids play
that's why I have not got the kids
playground or a swing set in the
backyard watching let us lay aside every
weight and sin which clings so closely
and let us run with endurance the race
that is set before us was that worth and
three consider him who endured from
sinners such hostility against himself
talking about Jesus so that you may not
grow weary or faint-hearted
basically this to me is saying I have no
reason whatsoever to fuels or weary or
fake about it ok don't go back now
what's wrong oh you didn't get you saw
we know they're just fast for scared of
people in general I'm not insane me
really you are you're right baby you are
not a gentle person you're a special
person
so no whatever do another adventure of
it you making little stick pile
oh you kill all Explorer we made it well
dizzy good afternoon we are off to a
birthday party it is Cades first
birthday party we're gonna be doing
something messy at the party a king let
her hang brush me do you guys know what
this is for
look at this did you see that um we're
not gonna be eating cake feller didn't
be eating good rice krispies we're in
the top but yeah there's this look like
paintbrushes
you're scared of Erik no you're not
they're paintbrushes guys the e-beam
you're eating paint the gross dude oh no
symphony fell through thank you
ready go Oh
don't do it
yeah pictures with big kids are gonna do
it this will be messy what are they
doing little baby Oh num num thank you
oh okay all over me that one was really
full of pain isn't that cute
I got a very good boy hey Tori
oh my goodness cut up didn't you get him
get him a room cam oh my goodness
gracious
all right Symphony stayed pretty clean
Abram well I don't know about him buddy
you really rolled the paint party and
you you are like the paint King buddy
pound it come in Eric oh yeah it's
beautiful like Ariel like a princess ha
ha ha my princess is cupcake tough turn
around let me see you oh my gosh you're
crazy little animal oh my god watch
their eyes party wasn't success you did
great friend huh
besides my pink wall fell down paint
ball did fall down but I got enough on
me copy seriously another little photo
op you're so cute
oh my last one did you get at least one
No
party 1 2 3 teeth that you yeah what do
you look like say crazy crazy yeah yeah
me all right kids let's go get in the
bubble bath
well in the world what happened to you
man there's a paint part all clean all
clean now I'm going to make some dinner
one thing that we really like our
meatball subs I don't make them that
often and seem pretty unhealthy and I
found a recipe for a meatball sub
casserole but with turkey meatballs and
then there's no bread it's just like
meatballs with pizza sauce and a little
bit of cheese on top you bacon of it and
then you kind of eat it like you would
just eat I guess just like the pizza
sauce on the meatballs but that's what
this recipe called for and it's just
basically like meatball sub casserole
and you can have a little bit of rice
with it or you could have a little bit
of pasta but basically it's a take away
like the carbs from the bread I guess
hey bro I made you more blocks you two
symphonies yeah man
these ones are better cuz I connect on
all sides look man oh the connect on all
sides this you like those you stack them
however you guys want yep even Stefan
yeah I've been working on these blocks
last couple days I messed up on quite a
few of them but I think these ones are
not perfect but they're ticket I fit on
all edges and they work it worked great
instead of show you guys how I did them
on this channel I showed you guys how to
do them on my personal channel playing
man and I'll give you guys a link to the
videos when I have one up I'll probably
have one up today you guys go check it
out in the description link below
playing man if you guys wanna know how I
built them they're really fun
thank you
you're the best thing I'm getting a
glazed ready for some fresh green beans
the recipe called for cranberries we
don't have cranberries we have dried
blueberries dried blueberry walnut
chocolate they don't see crust really
like that a little bit of oil like two
tablespoons of oil balsamic vinegar and
a little bit of brown sugar gonna be
yummy just a little bit hard to
concentrate now because back here is a
big girl I just that looks even better
yum yum yummy
so what we're having Sam mr. health guru
over here is meatball sub casserole so
there's no bread which is less carbs and
their turkey meatballs
I can say how about we do our high-lows
all right go for it my high point of the
day is probably testing me the lonely
meatball is probably baby move cleaning
my room my booty cook what's your hot
glue he's telling you his low point
what's your low point this will be in
the draft when you pooped in the bathtub
like she is my low point having to clean
it out
what's your happy boy what's your high
point me girl pregnant kisses oh what'd
he do you owe the park we take eyebrows
or plum did you have fun at the park
that was my favorite too what was your
high point probably those blocks then I
was really exciting to finally see all
those 36 block completed like my - why's
this morning I went out with Sandy we
got our nails done together and had some
good Girl Talk and good girl time my low
point was they don't want to say the
many Mother's Day eat those cookies red
pajamas
yeah but I cut birthday - yeah that's my
high point - okay you got a good day hey
hey actually no way we got a good day
Kurt's burger came and is really like no
you can't say he's trying to say so
thank you say cuffs birthday that was
close birthday - you know I think you
said thank you
shout
