tada
this is our haircut this is what it
looks like guys I know you've been
waiting all night long
Everman are gonna go check the p.o box
with the first time in forever forever
this way buddy come over here oh yeah oh
yeah really sorry if the post office had
some stuff set back we haven't been in
close ups in a long time 16 804 you're
you the key
no we're this one buddy okay do it let
me do it
go wait to get a little bit taller I
think that's it
I forget my number 16 84 so that's
packed can you hold these thank you
looks like we have some packages to pick
up Savannah Parker nice packet wait
buddy
you hope this one buddy go make the
poster thank you
there's some people who don't do a few
box like different channels and it's
been suggested to us before that you
know this this is not what it's about we
should or they think they shouldn't have
Akio box but no I think it's a really
fun way just to stay connected with you
guys another easy way to stay connected
so thank you now we're going to go buy
Starbucks and get this guy a little
treat cause he's my little man and he's
going to get himself a cake pop good
morning miss customer can I get started
for you today you guys have blue cake
pops I just have the finger a little bit
is there any way that you can back up
and hold it for me sure
back it up back it up you guys okay
right there yeah blue cake pops hello
yeah my son wants a blue one
no we don't have any blue one go on
chocolate pink buddy pink okay I want a
pink one I think a pop just man that's
it just one cake pop if you buy here you
can say 40 cents oh no thanks just one
hello hi sweetie eleven
got it buddy so thank you
comic pages this guy is always standing
on the corner out here I'm just so
curious what he's doing what you doing
hey how you doing man
it's like he gets all dressed up as a
cowboy and he wants to go out somewhere
so he goes out to the corner EFSA's
outfit that sort of seemed like it just
stands there smokes a cigarette looks
cool
finally got a new battery thank you hey
why are you following me
we make videos just updating our viewers
YouTube videos we just share our daily
life with people no autozone said I need
a new alternator but these guys said I
didn't know I thought about changing
myself I was like man there's like a
cases in you gotta pick up some hoses
see later man gonna pick off some
connections stuff like forget back
Symphony sick again you guys this is
what I'm diffusing for her today
peppermint dyes thieves and lemon for
symphony she's so emotional when she
said I get the same way she has not
wanted to leave my side like literally I
needed to make a couple reads three I've
got that one over there one in the floor
over here and then this one a really
cool one I'm not finished with it yet
but it's a motocross theme check out
it's now like a little uh license plate
with a family's last name on it
getting pretty cool I finished most of
what I just showed you guys this morning
and she wanted to lay right there beside
me she did not want to leave my side I
was thinking about running some errands
during nap time but now I'm thinking I'm
possibly will not because she gets up on
more her to see more so no I'm just try
to figure out what to do for lunch I
gave Symphony some yogurt I was told by
my nurse husband and also my nurse
friend Shannon from church that that's
good for her while she's feeling sick so
maybe some of that oh man you guys got
to see this Abram just gave himself a
huge hickey under his nose come here
buddy so who's drinking is Gatorade the
widemouth Gatorade and I guess they just
like sucked it too hard to let any air
inside yeah that is so sad look at your
little lips buddy what'd you do oh not
funny
look at his lip you got a little
mustache would you do a double on my
head what did this is it hurt yeah no
right here right there can you we got to
give him a straw use a straw okay Wow oh
it's horrible
here it is I am so proud of it it's got
a lot of layers to it a lot of little
details and I love the way the beach is
written with the seashells there's like
sand grains in there flip-flops match
the ribbon I was really excited to make
that one and proud of how it turned out
the customer who ordered it she just
told me the things that she likes and
asked me to put something together for
her so it wasn't like I went off of a
picture anything I just kind of came up
with it based on her her preferences and
I'm really proud of how it turned out
and bam
they're all ready to go for tomorrow now
that reads time is over I'm gonna check
out my dinner in here making a crockpot
meal smells amazing it's an Italian dish
artichoke hearts diced tomatoes capers
wine and 30 minutes before oh and
chicken in 30 minutes before you take it
out to eat you put a little bit of
cornstarch in it to thicken up the sauce
it smells delicious see the artichoke
hearts I think that was make dishes look
so pretty yeah
a broom tell everyone why you're getting
a cupcake oh why did you get a cupcake
what did you just do hey happy birthday
oh ho what did you do I know a song we
can sing ready
happy party day to you happy party day
to you happy hottie hey dear
Abram happy party day to you hey just
happened the party went peepee
that's so good Dean is it all right did
you go peepee yeah and so in the toilet
no way
Jayda Murray what that just means I'm
surprised he did it you guys he was
sitting down playing and he said I need
go poo poo on the toilet so I got up and
we went in there and he didn't go poo
poo boy he went peepee you was a success
what's a little messy at first but I had
to see you
okay me go are you gonna do that again
one day all right you'll get another
prize
hey judge look guys it's uncle Jojo
Oh come here a room hey don't man
looking looking handsome man I'm seeing
forever it seems like a like a huge ooh
yeah she's come closer
why are the sound effects oh wow that's
beautiful
come what you made this is mustache
Andrew t see his little mustache he
sucked too hard on a Gatorade bottle
okay yeah the give themselves a huge
hickey this is so good honey thank you
so much thank you so much noodle who you
callin noodles nu D nu nu your top
that's okay he's ready for mail time
yeah
let's just enjoy thank you Jordan
thank you so much
50 little video emissions from the area
you
oh all right guys thank you so much for
anything I'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for Christmas this is awesome
exciting don't forget we love you and
remember to have a party like this this
is a party - yeah I'm gonna go find
homes for these brunette all right
he shouts
