good morning guys I'm getting a broom
ready we're headed to a playdate this
morning you ready to go are you eating
your scrambled eggs
sandy is outside waiting for us what
happens after this box is all done
who's your poo poo and pee pee gonna go
where when ever been up this morning we
had to get a new box of diapers last
night I said Abram look at this box of
duck was the big box when it's all gone
your will go potty like mommy and daddy
write me no after these diapers are gone
you're gonna use a potty right yeah
right yeah okay let's go get in Sandy's
car we made it we're here and I have a
native beer
I have Natick a beer are you getting so
big Kade will be one-year-old in two
weeks here's my beautiful friend Sarah
and I'm her little business corner she
does headbands she has an Etsy shop you
want to give the lowdown well their
headbands for preemie to adult size and
they're super cute and super comfortable
things like this they have an on you can
wear them in all different ways but not
in front like a turban really cute on
babies too let's just show them this one
I'm gonna get this one for Julia and
Symphony to match I just got matches me
I should get a mommy one mommy and
daughter daughter matching yeah it's
blue-eyed baby Couture calm calm which
takes you ten okay yes I'll have a link
below and everything and I've shared it
I have some stuff liked on my Etsy that
you guys may have seen but yes just a
cute slogan you guys my name is Psalm
103 4 he crowns you with loving-kindness
yes so sweet so you guys go check her
out she's got some really awesome stuff
and super talented this is how we play
date old kids play room and snack
since neck and talked and talked and
play and spent yeah hi James
these are Sara's kids James and Emma
Emma and James Oh watching her in action
what is this one called Sara called the
Japanese flower Japanese flower on etsy
today I need everybody to listen right
now listen very closely
I just ran to point eight five miles
seriously two point eight five miles and
that was without stopping I started off
with running around the block so I want
to tell you guys about the second y that
I've identified for why I run my second
why I guys self-pity self-pity has
become so tangible in my life every time
I learned something new about myself I
decided to take it run with it still in
it and learn more about it is it not
starting okay and so when I recently
learned this about myself that I do tend
to feel sorry for myself I've learned
that when I run I do the exact same
thing and so lately when I run it's a
mental exercise for me to fight or to
combat against that self-pity that I
struggle with in so many areas of my
life and while I'm running when I catch
myself and the mindset of my self-pity I
realized that this pain that I mean
isn't that bad at all
I just said I can suddenly snap out I'm
getting better and better at it as I run
and in other areas of my life I'm really
not to be sorry for myself so wisdom
guys is the word of the year that has
been really beneficial for me picking
one word and that's it wisdom check this
guy's flip-flop whether I had to unbury
those suckers they're on the bottom of
the closet but I'm excited to start
wearing flip-flops again City Hall
yummy I miss you sweetie
family fair getting our hair cut as
always symphony and daddy are gonna go
at the same time we're just doing a trim
just a basic trim on the dead ends she
wants to grow it out so you guys know
Sam this is Kaitlyn her hair girl she's
gonna chopped off one day Juliette will
be getting her hair cut too this is long
overdue huh I think her last trim was by
me he's gonna tell she's barely taken
any office putting up there bubby
okay let's see the final product
beautiful turn around in circles for us
so pretty and healthy Daddy's is coming
along over here finally yeah I can
really groomed up over here bubby
they're right there buddy there they are
there's your feet
whoa dude Adams good this is the selfie
spot right here I'm gonna thought moving
me on a selfie spot I love it buddy
looks really good what's wrong just
sleepy did you get rest last night I'm
right here buddy
handsome little guy I'm updating the
wall over here slowly I've always had
like a collage over here above our couch
and it's changed over the years and one
thing that I've wanted to change
recently all right somebody's done with
their homework is some of the frames
like they don't really match I've got
black I've got tans I'll do this one I
think that'll look really cute in that
frame no stop with that one up there
it's all I'm gonna go ahead and just get
rid of the Sun see you dude let me make
at him on a wreath so now I'm gonna
trade this one out and maybe hang it up
there and kind of like rework some of
the stuff over here I've also been
wanting to take this down it doesn't go
in here anymore we used to have a beachy
theme in here when we first moved in
there we go okay I decided to do it like
this actually so this side is actually
kind of looking nice and then those over
there need to be fixed up so we'll get
there we'll get there I also need to
take these snowman down also guys
the creative mood look what I made today
it's for a baby Juliet's a room can you
guys see it I feel like it's the
lighting is not so good isn't that so
cute you can go over to my channel on
Mia's mess and see exactly how I made it
and what products I use them where I got
them all and I love it I'm so excited I
feel like in the camera and the
viewfinder you can't see the J that well
doesn't seem out there in person it does
I'm with dad I'm poor with that can't
hide it hey Emily you have to share it
remember your friends come first okay
daddy wants a place thank you get over
here
how are you Oreos doing good I want to
try to take our runs with me I don't
know how good your room
yes sit on shirts yeah excellent but to
this you order one online and about one
in the store
it's a onesie favor and I'm sure
probably not supposed to show you guys
honey oh honey honey would you find it
luckily such a saucier let you keep this
well sorry
okay this comment comes from Sierra will
Kajal recommend any daily devotionals or
explain what y'all do to study Scripture
every day me and my husband are looking
for something we can do individually or
together recently started or are going
to start a new devotional together with
another couple other church called The
Love Dare and that's not really like
getting deep into Scripture though no we
are gonna be starting with the Christian
devotional yeah it is bacon we use this
Holy Bible app just the brown Bible on
our phone both of us use in sometimes we
end up doing the same devotionals and
we'll talk about it like just on him on
a whim like I don't know that he's doing
it and then suddenly I did like we
recently did one lies that married
couples believe he did it I did I didn't
even know he was doing it and I started
mine and anyway somehow I realized he
was doing it too and that's what we do
and I've been reading the book saturate
with Heath that's another way I do my
devotional and I've been reading out of
Acts which is what we're going over in
church I've been reading up songs and I
also do random little studies with women
in our church team not a book like
saying this just random little hand I
read this you should read it that's what
I got study it together so does that
answer your question
Thank You answers her comment all right
guys we'll see tomorrow tomorrow's a
huge day for us
today no but we do have a fun little
surprise tomorrow for the vlog you guys
will like it am i oh yeah they'll be fun
really cute guys but we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget as always we love
you guys and remember to love each other
