morning guys it has been a trying
morning today Sam is at a meeting
symphonies at school he took her this
morning and me and Abram were supposed
to go see my good friend Angela she had
her baby a week and two days ago you
know the one that we're at the little
brunch with not too long ago and I was
gonna go spend the morning with her but
Reddy got out the door and everything
which was a hassle this morning getting
out the door and my car didn't start I
was so frustrated Sam's not here to jump
it now I'm gonna ask a neighbor to jump
it but then I thought what if it dies at
Angela's house or what didn't start
Angela's house and she has a newborn and
a toddler like that's not that's not
gonna work so me and Abram are just
making the most of it were you sad we
couldn't go see Ben it you wanted to
show Ben at your basketball huh I say
good morning guys okay we're watching
ready go for it oh whoa dude I wrote all
my wreaths out here and all my paint
which Abram has scattered the paint cans
around and I can't find the tarp that I
use for the wreaths on when I paint them
ah maybe that's just something telling
me go sit down and stop trying to be
busy okay I just had to call Sam and
interrupts to the meeting I can work out
it takes me like 20 minutes and I still
want to get some work done since I'm not
able to do my plan this morning he said
it's in the shed in the corner in front
of the white thing yeah there it is
oh I'm your little troublemaker are you
gonna help me lay out my read what a big
strong baby
thank you hi hey anytime I'm doing
crafty stuff I try to somehow include
the kids and make it fun for them hmm
good job
wow that's a cool sword
mommy's got finished screaming over
great are you happy
minna-san kidnap you didn't take a nap
not yet
wait till after lunch and stuff do you
like your role up to my kids don't
really eat sandwiches so I usually just
roll up meat and cheese in this case I
just did meet me tea yeah cheese it's
cheese - hey is so excited that daddy's
home like he's so happy to see you
something buddy whoa I got you a new
scooter the scooter cause it'll grow
it's kind of like a skateboard yeah
forget about the sword you didn't even
show daddy your cool new sword I think
for the first time the exam relating to
each other something when I'm away from
Abram or so me all day and I miss them
too much I feel like I need to buy them
something yeah I think Sam add those
feelings today aha broke someone left it
behind the car hey never in our we go up
you're gonna go to work yeah finally
he's been talking about showing us to
daddy all day mommy Bay today we just
painted a stick and he thought it was
the coolest thing all day until this
came home
you got this dude it's kind of cool
because how it turns helps with
coordination getting ready for a
skateboard here's some skateboard shoes
there you go
all right Cindy shows what Wacky
Wednesday supposed to look like just
like that
did you work two different shoes you did
mommy did a good job
it's so cool thank you
I thought yesterday was Wacky Wednesday
yeah sure what recess he's wearing to
make Matt shoes she told me is Miss
match day they said look we gets really
close to us from mechanical what daddy
you how did you dribble with that oh
yeah yeah yeah with your basketball did
you hear me Trubel with Daddy we drove
it my back fuck yeah we'll go play
basketball tomorrow okay
so mommy and daddy have a date night
tonight you insist you're gonna state
but kay-kay
okay Kay he's peeking oh wow hey yeah
when you happen yeah got that Sports
Authority today was like 30% off or
something it's a boxer yes we gotta be
me one Oh rocky rocky that's awesome
that's rocky Abram my stuff you carry
thank you does don't like yeah what
would we do without this Toyota Camry we
wouldn't be going on there right now
we need a new battery in our pilot come
on honey oh it always starts the date
off perfect when you open the door we're
gonna go dine and dash that won't go
down and watch a movie
gosh what can people just in this
picture pour oh oh oh she's right there
it's really gonna change you guys so to
get around and so cute look at all these
birds guys and listen mountain bird with
a beautiful backdrop kids would love it
yeah
well they're all in that tree right
there oh that's so cute the tree this
place is always full bird if ten come
out here on the food
and be Wendy's a stone out fries look at
all over it look at that tree dude it's
crazy
looks like something you'd get on a
tattoo show them whoa this is what we're
looking for
yeah gutter little birdies
they remind me of coral so we are off to
go see books
spotlight won best picture of the year
that's not the only reason why we're
seeing about all we're also saying
because it was nominated for best film
editing yeah that's the one you like I'm
excited to see why you won best ever not
I just Google that probably this one
when you talk about funny now my
prediction some from the outside give
this letter to prep you never guess in
the movie usual dinners Oh our baby
thank you very much but we don't get to
eat in here because they don't serve in
this our letter everybody loves and
we're so far apart from each other honey
what else like a behind let's go I would
like to go undercover we don't get to
eat in that theater so we're gonna have
to munch on popcorn and then go out to
eat somewhere hi guys can I get a medium
popcorn no also would like some of these
got the goods I hope the sour patches
will do see what happens
what are you looking at panda the movie
was really good very touching and just
impactful there's this scene where those
two cameras partners to each other it
was like the longest shot there was a
very long shot of to the employees
walking in and is a really brand new
camera in a really old camera is side by
side
I was like yeah go camera today yeah
bummer in the Navy shout out to it today
just put in a nutshell it was about the
Catholic Church and how it was pretty
much corrupt with child molesters pretty
horrifying story the movie was mainly
about the journalists who covered all
and you uncovered at all I should tell
like the law was behind it and like
everybody
yeah like lawyers were trying to cover
it up and a lot of people are just kind
of ignoring it there's one part of movie
with every time have like two guys in
the bar getting a drink you seem like
people need the church for the chapter
in financially and emotionally like you
know for stability in life you know for
hope as right after 9/11 oh yeah that is
just like you know next year like I feel
like that's how I feel about my church
I'm lean on our church like I just can't
imagine being at a time where like it's
like you know something else
you need what it gets to you yeah you
don't want to like take it down yeah you
don't want to you don't want to not have
that scene that really sticks out to me
it was just a very quick shot of a guy
pushing his son and a swing at a park
and in the background where the
reporters just walking by and it just
showed like a wide shot and then the
foreground was the was the dad pushing
his son and you could just tell he was
completely out of it and it was just
showing us that these people who were
abused or who are abused by these kind
of people are all around us now we
should never assume you know that guy
over there isn't hurting yeah as far as
the editing goes a kid Sam stamp of
approval picture I'm not sure how they
measure editing how they decide what who
gets the nominations and stuff like that
but I guess the the coloring of the
movie was really good it looked like
just the times that had occurred was in
the late 90s early yes that was really
well done good cuts that's it I was
really intrigued by like that oh no like
the costumes the sets that were there it
was very ordinary like it looked like we
were in a newspaper office it didn't
look like fancy-schmancy
