I'm get up this mismatch today good
morning guys
come on says come on down what's for
breakfast
first we gotta put two different socks
on you and your Moo once you an or to
those alright so go in the bathroom
brush one side of your teeth and don't
brush the other why cuz we want one side
of a yellow one side be clean I don't
know one side to be yellow it's miss
match day
well not for your tea okay looks like
you hurt your foot looks like you're
wearing orthotic what made you owe me I
bought you doughnuts do you want
doughnuts or oatmeal here you go no huh
you're welcome a baby just was enough
conversations okay I was going to take
Avery for a jog with me but he suddenly
started demanding a basketball say go
play basketball daddy let's go play
basketball daddy and we don't have a
basketball so we are off to Walley world
there's no turning back we have a real
boy this is the first time my little
boys asked me to play basketball with
him and there's no way I'm gonna turn it
down this way buddy
over there that's the soccer ball this
is the basketball yeah that was yours
do you want that one or the blue one you
want orange or blue you want to have the
blue one your daddy's gonna get this one
that is a kayak come on buddy
we're just getting basketballs today
those are cool huh well fair one more
time buddy
get me to help you
you
Oh guys how's it going we are in Gigi's
car we just got symphony from school I
had a parent-teacher conference meeting
and it was great I left a very very
proud mommy and now we're on our way to
vote I was I had a voting shirt like
this little checkout shirt we were
actually about to go do something else
they're important but I think this
decision trumped that other one
did I get it I did not mean we're going
over Trump that does not mean we're
going for Trump one bit so I had a
recess duty at Symphony school today and
I get there and Symphony has on one boot
one bread Tom and she has this side of
her hair in a ponytail and the rest of
me was down Danny
it's actually tomorrow said somebody why
are you dressed like that where's your
other shoe
she said it's I thought it was Wacky
Wednesday today's Tuesday I lay
everything out for the next day so that
if I get up whether it's ready or if Sam
gets up there it's ready and this is
what needs to be worn that day from the
playground I was like oh my goodness Sam
it's Tuesday if it was Wacky Wednesday I
want to put up Waikiki close probably
when Andrew was little and how all that
cars put my hand little guy boat judge
shitty we're here for Ken he's our
neighbor Symphony just asked me what are
we doing why are we voting again only I
just know it's a good opportunity to say
that as a center of our community and
our County in the United States of
America it's our duty to vote and put
our independence and I think also as
Kristin yeah it's political
most people are going to get political
but if they guys know we vote Republican
obviously we're Christians we believe in
the protection of unborn children right
vote of all tickets are you voting for
buddy and explores on daddy
that goes mommy's turn
I just got the car checked out cuz it's
making a crazy noise and it just made
the noise Ian did you hear the noise you
did we just picked up the car to stop
making the noise I said we were good
let's hit the finish here that you guys
know what that noisy look this smoke
coming out of it
I think you should mechanic the video
because it wasn't doing it for you he
said it was the decompressor activating
herself mechanics out there help us
diagnose this please kids go get your
dad's ask him what's going on with my
car
I feel like it's coming from down here
we're trading cars again hey guys we're
back home we've had an eventful day I
feel like it's been a non-stop go go go
go go go go day so it's time for us to
do a comment of the day yeah you should
make my hands you should make twinkles
come out when I do that like this
okay so comment of the day comes from
Emily Majewski hopefully I said that
correctly haha I related way too much to
Symphony watching the end of good
dinosaur da da da adore that little one
and I have been thinking about that a
lot today too
I've been thinking about how girls are
girls like from the get-go and boys are
boys I feel like even within like our
marriage like we have these
conversations like I'm a girl I'm just
gonna give up feelings out and you just
kind of let me get my feelings out and
Symphony was just so emotional and
letting her feelings roll on Abraham's
over there like stop crying like such a
boy and I just keep thinking about their
little dynamic last night and how she's
so girly and he's just such a little guy
and then this morning we wake up and
he's all sports and basketball and mr.
macho and he's been talking bout that
basketball all day long I kid you not
literally every single place we've gone
or every little event we've had has had
to talk of the basketball in it and it's
just so cute how he's just so naturally
gravitates towards that he says I
dribble with Daddy it's so cute it's so
stinking cute I definitely feel like I
related to symphony and Emily as well
and I felt like as a mom it's my job to
teach Symphony that it's okay to get her
emotions out when she needs to as long
as they're relevant and not you know
just like their own affair or whatever
but relevant feelings when you're
feeling real emotions as women we really
do need to just get it out there's no
reason to stifle it down you know have
self-control yes but as women it is very
important that we actually feel our
emotions and I I feel like that's an
important job I had to teach my daughter
and her daddy has to teach her that too
and that's tricky for him because you
know he grew up with all boys and kind
of a tomboy for her sister until she got
older and
you know just not used to dealing with
lots of emotions so anyways guys we'll
see you again tomorrow for another
fun-filled day with the Raiders don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
