good afternoon guys we're just in
Sidney's room hanging out she is making
a play-doh video I guess I can
officially announce her channel now this
would be her fourth video her channel is
called symphonies world we'll put a link
to it in the description below if you
guys want to check her out she's going
to be reviewing toys playing with toys
doing her little creations and whatever
else comes along that she feels like
doing on the channel but she's always
showed so much interest in doing it and
we finally got it going for her but
Abram just couldn't handle it couldn't
handle Cynthia in here playing without
her says how you do it buddy Tiffany's
making some ice cream toppings Wow good
job dude so strong my turn hey he didn't
wake up feeling very well she was
actually pretty sick so mommy's having a
bad morning the whole family turns to
have a good morning Nana fortunately she
just in here sleeping still sleeping
home
all right so Swami's in there not
feeling great I'm going to take the kids
for a bike ride guys instead of going to
the park I think it might get dark too
soon why don't we go to the mini-mart up
there the little convenience store and
I'll get you guys like a treat from
there don't do that instead yeah
Avram reaction seven you do ride light
huh to Starbucks yes I'm taking the cool
guy on his pj's tomorrow's mismatch day
for you well that's fine every Tuesday
you gotta mix you guys today I gave in
to the same I took a few naps
we're like long absolutely it's like
this case we got it right now
daddy's piping me neighbor you're just
sitting in the little car yeah Avram
eating cheese chips and right now rounds
away somewhere to get a little snack
we're gonna and play a little bit
and we might and we're gonna get mommy
some Gatorade yay yeah get your way your
smarty and a broom
whenever you see the car he says watch
out car isn't that right a room we can
become you got a buddy you got this come
on man can you help
now does the ice cream guys if you want
some ice cream
no ice cream me of room no you don't
want a Baby Ruth you only what is your
M&Ms
yeah right what look at these cool and
the opening meeting we got to buy him
I'm gonna keep looking
baby starbursts
you're right that is it there's power
right do they have Gatorade no purple
Gatorade honey
you know one of those what are those
oh it's water breaker get one of these
there's a tummies one of these you know
blue blue bug juice get the Poway oh
honey
kids kids where'd you go this is my kids
first time a convenient story you want
those cookies
alright it was getting those cookies
what are you getting sis let's go eat it
at the park over there at the soccer
fields
okay kids cookies cookie my teacher
yummy girl I played my first softball
game of the season this year yesterday
guys we won our first game by run rule
which means we score so many times
before they scored that the game was
just called in the second game and we
were running below run rolled out they
beat us so bad they stopped the game but
I did something my lower back I don't
know what happened
Sam Sam writer Sam reader yeah thank you
so much symphony I know I can the
question is will I what right ready
so close nice bro oh so easily
entertained I love it go get sissy
someone else is chasing me and I go too
fast I start to get behind them your
back hurts too
yes once you get off the ground they
won't hurt you know what what everyone
does at school did you hurt your back
body hurt your back hurts too
well when I was at school weren't you
guys into these cookies Sofia won't you
eat a cookie please see I'm gonna eat
them all I'm trying to watch my figure
remember the Sun is going down and it's
time for us to skedaddle
okay kids here's excited you bet - you
ready mix channel oh we didn't bring let
me bring him with us we should have
brought him watch watches write that
down she's supposed to document what she
does with the little bear she takes off
what's his name do you want me to put
what we just did on there I think that's
kind of dishonest something okay but
ripple effect with him did you hear oh I
already oh well we can't want you do
something else with him right now
symphonie look at me what's the matter
we're watching the good dinosaur and the
little boy just found his family
you're so sweet little sensitive girl Oh
a room is so fake it's just a movie
honey such a boiler right we just got
done watching the good dinosaur let me
just say we were actually gonna watch it
on vid al where you can fill throughout
different parts of the movie and there
was like two minutes cut out of the
whole movie a Pixar movie I was like
what could have possibly been cut out of
a kid's movie two minutes worth it was
an intense movie definitely simply want
to turn off at one point we had to stop
and explain to her it's just a movie the
daddy died in the drowning now the baby
might die in a drowning they just want
us to think he's gonna get hurt he meant
break his old legs he just hurt one of
them he just got a really bad bloody
boo-boo on his knee it was a pretty
violent movie for kids on to comment of
the day first one I saw was from
Katherine Katherine hime how do we end
up two days behind on vlogs
we didn't vlog and we didn't post we
just saved Saturday's footage for
Monday's footage Emily
Peterson gets coming to the day Nia's
excitement is so infectious it's hard
not to smile when she's on the screen
totally agree sorry she wasn't really in
today's vlog I know the vlogs aren't
nearly as exciting when it's just me but
hopefully tomorrow she'll be back on her
feet and vlogging and making people
smile again but we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget as always we love
you remember to love each other
No
we shall jump
