there's a very very exciting day guys my
twin brother is having his first baby
they buy the same no butter thing we've
got
love
in this together my workout is over I
felt so great in post I had got no sleep
last night you guys I talked with
aundrea all day yesterday until the
evening part when we went on our date
and she had been having like mild very
spread out contractions and then of
course whatever party she started having
consistent ones and and I don't know I
haven't got to talk to her since she
says yesterday around this time I stayed
up until 3:00 I'm thinking she's gonna
have the baby because she's already at
the hospital and finally I literally
just passed out praying I like my phone
was here and I was like she's doing
everything all natural and I have to be
honest there is just like a little part
of me that feels a little envious of
women who are able to do this a lot of
you are asking yesterday about my
c-section and yes I've had c-sections
and both of my children and so I'm gonna
be doing another one with this baby and
you know it's just kind of like that
ship has sailed for me and I know God's
plan is bigger than our plan but I do
wish that I could have experienced to me
a vaginal childbirth at least once
Symphony was three weeks early and I was
having all kinds of issues I don't
really know I didn't really feel like
there were issues neither did Sam but um
so I had an emergency c-section with her
and then with Abram I tried to do a VBAC
and I was um I was a laborer I don't
really know if hot labor but I was
having regular contractions they were
like five to seven minutes apart for
about four or five hours and then it was
just kind of like what do we do like
what do you want to do I was not dilated
at all after four or five hours of you
know consistent contractions and so I
got scared and just chose to do a
c-section again instead of being induced
or going any further because I wasn't
dilating so with this baby I was like
I'm not gonna try I'm just gonna go go
for it do the c-section and not really
push movie back it just adds a little
more stress and what matters is that
they're here and they're healthy it
doesn't matter how they got here anyways
you just got a picture update a few
hours a few hours oh a few hours after
it's almost push time that's the text we
just got she'll probably weighs 7 pounds
2 ounces too little so you go almost 2
weeks late
dang 7 pounds 8 ounces whatever you say
what'd you say I said
10 ounces I'm so curious if their
children will look more like our
children than the other siblings kids
because Sam and Michael are twins at me
and Andre about dark catchers I think
she's going to have eyes oh stop it
give and it knows I'm show nose on mommy
she's gonna while daddy's working we are
doing our lunchtime yeah we have chips
on your plate to really speak up in a
sheet of a very well oh jeez Avery
requested peanut butter and jelly
sandwiches is it good yeah we can have a
bite sissy requested chicken nugget
it happened God my brother has baby she
is so so cute here have a good one
zoomed in dude look at that little baby
core oh my gosh it's so beautiful she
totally looks like a little Rayner look
at her nose oh he said he was looking
around the room she's not even crying
okay she has a nose kind of like
symphony did yeah she does
oh my gosh it's so cute oh my gosh how
do you feel your twin brothers and daddy
I'm just sad I'm not their lover but I'm
so excited for him his life is about to
completely change and become more
important yeah so awesome oh my gosh
look a video if you guys want to see I'm
sure he's gonna make a vlog of it my
brother Michael has been vlogging for
off and on for a while but um if you
guys want to see the birth vlog it'll be
on Mike and Dre will put a link in the
description I can't wait to see I don't
know when it's going to come out maybe
within the next few days but I'm good
check him out guys my twin brother just
had his first baby what an exciting time
in his life Oh crazy I can't believe it
hey buddy - good nappy he woke up and
went right back to sleep he's gotta get
his doggy out
hey tiny tiny fan you heard it was thank
you
who's ready for another night of
partying I am and so is Sofia the
princess there she is
is this Sofia the princess other Oh
Sofia the first not bad Sofia the first
is going to a little celebration with
your little girlie friends at he sells
things just her daughters his daughters
you did it man get your seat now later
all the princesses we're so princessy
that's cute little dress Abram up I was
like whoa or oh yeah it was a love
costume there you go are we taking turns
the appetizer
can WC help you you'll say hey Starbuck
you know man that is your burger to
marry
did you poop somebody's being a little
clear thank you
good job sis just gathering all the
trash try to get her home good job baby
taking up for you is what I do
we're going in wrapping paper
uh uh Symphony amount 35 dollars bill
debater wizard authority
okay
it's a builder going hey don't do that
let Stephanie get it man she's got it
what let's have any good the trash she's
got it oh you don't need of it I
appreciate it Mary hey look at mommy
okay it's almost time to tell each other
gonna make each other yeah he'll see you
in a minute
are you doing down there hey get up all
right
everybody gonna sleep on the bear chair
all right good night no no
hey what are you go in here bitch get in
your bed
good girl where is his doctor
we're home now guys I really need to
work on wreaths tonight oh I thought I
was knocking something over but I can't
ship any out in the morning because it's
Sunday so I think I'm just gonna take
the night off I got no sleep last night
I kept thinking Michael no Dre we're
gonna have their baby so I'm gonna do
comment of the day seeing my newborn
baby niece and that little baby tent the
party on the same day I was just like
having baby fever I felt so grateful and
thankful that I am pregnant I was like
Sam if I wasn't pregnant right now my
baby fever would be through the roof so
I just felt like an extra sense of
gratefulness and thankfulness tonight
that I'm soon gonna get the whole own
little baby it's crazy to think like you
know when you're going through the
sleepless nights and constant nursing
and growth spurts of babies you think
I'm done no more and then they get in
their own little routine in their own
path and I'm like a lot more I wonder
how many times I'm going to thank that
okay so comment of the day goes to Lizzy
loves books this was probably my
favorite vlog ever the party seriously
looked like a blast and it was so fun to
watch y'all watch fuller house and I was
just kind of summed up our day yesterday
we had a really awesome time at the
party it was so much fun
and made me feel like I'm going to dress
up more often in fuller house is really
cool seeing that I feel like the first
episode I started watching the second
one today but I didn't get to finish it
but I feel like the first episode did a
really good job of tying in the fans who
grew up on that show it was really like
kind of a tearjerker for me but anyways
guys tomorrow we have church and then
outing with some friends and I think I'm
having dinner with some friends and it's
just like a kind of a jam-packed day of
sorts but we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
