step one to our big date tonight
I went digging and I found Sam's suit
from the awards ceremony that we went to
some of you may remember we went to one
back in how I think it's been about a
year ago and so I found his soup of his
button is loose so I've got to somehow
fix this button there his tight options
we have option I option B and option C
this was the type saying or to our
wedding and I'm wearing the shoes that I
wore in our wedding tonight with my
dress so it's exciting it's so fun I'll
miss you little guy
mommy daddy yeah I know but mom and dad
are you gonna prompt we're gonna prom
I'm so cute he wants his daddy's home
down yeah it's amazing
last time I was in a suit it was
actually this one and we were a this was
the CMA that wasn't see me but that
award show we did we won the award for
best video of the year you did I didn't
immediately ever know just the name suit
from the ords
well guys off to prom we go do you like
the option I ended up going with I do I
do
how you doing oh we're gonna go that way
sorry I don't know what we're gonna be
doing we shall see but I'm on the cat's
Tunney how it's not to make sure I don't
remember what my name was was a gourd
Gary Gary gourd Gary guard Gary Thor I'm
Cassandra cans
Gary guard I'm a football player Eric
and Sandy will be there too oh really
yeah and a lot of our other friends from
church that you guys seem cool boys
regularly here's like how I placed this
headband through the last-minute touch
not it looked very promised have big
hair with curls on a headband in not
elaborating my makeup and my jewels my
nails look like Sam again so we're gonna
rock wall cuz the birthday girl guys
she'sa know what's going on right right
um
she knows that it's a formal birthday
party but she doesn't know that we're
doing which they don't either they don't
know that it's a murder mystery yet even
alive I get my bump I like dressing up
Juliet it's her first time you get all
dressed up
oh wow yeah dude you look rocket it was
so good
I should've brought a football yeah I
told you you needed one run in there
like this ya lost you know let's take a
selfie
Brian you wore the wrong colors man only
blue really blue we're on the same team
oh you did the makeup right sounds good
George what's up bro yeah yeah did you
bring a football I do what's your
position on from a linebacker oh really
don't even know what mine is probably
quarterback I don't read up on this
thing baby said I was I'm coming to a
not have read you you put together your
team looks good hey yo you don't look
like an oompa loompa I didn't go do it
take a selfie don't take a selfie Brian
here we got fun our names opening up
this whole thing here oh I have industry
hey Cassandra Council right yeah I was
so nervous
and if you do not
the mystery lady behind in this right
here
hello and welcome to make him high
school homecoming there after an
exciting football in this dance the
perfect and a charm homecoming even I
want to thank you all for taking the
time to be with that's not supposed to
be collected anywhere that's the most
money raised at the end of the night I'm
Aubrey Peeples place for 50 bucks
nothing's working Sammy
yeah hey man right here hundred bucks
for autographs a mini a photo a hundred
bucks it's autographed down with a flat
bar reason to do anything on the
football team give me hundred bucks
autographed photo salmony hundred bucks
under bucks
autograph Wow you know what on teacher
salary another
somebody died here Bobby Baker we have
to stick it out for anybody to grab man
your money's not in there is it for
formulating a plan the beauty queen I
wasn't able to drive anybody for money
Eric has also been pay me for
information he actually knows the
murderer will not tell me I'm just here
for the money
hey what's up principal something
attaboy also confiscated
who wants a teach Tanner's great book
showing Bobby back the highest yeah
there he is
second - JJ smart valedictorian yes the
murderer is
JJ smart who's that who is it ya want
Cindy sensational valid distinct green
stain non-state matches that I don't
need to count it all you gotta do is
compare the stat what
mathematician everybody what is 34 50s I
just sold 70 boy charm that I really
went for this cake another birthday girl
I don't want the person you give it to
the Brooklyn a place called Malaysia
again it's harder you could get right
it's hot in here
we're home I'm still dressed up in Sam's
not dressed up in my nineties ladies
tonight was really fun did you guys have
fun coming along with this I'm so funny
seeing who got into character like who
really got in here she wasn't the
character the most oh please so I'll be
hit Brian Brian Brian Evans his wife
Allison really she was you're joking me
right Brian was in his character the
entire time why it so was Allison I
wasn't yelling you like they good both
of them I changed my character I was
supposed to be a very nice football
player who brought the team together and
he was concerned about the person on
steroids but I ended up in the--from the
team but I won the most money he got
first piece of cake and did he give it
to his pregnant wife it did he know so I
pretty much ended up with all the money
look at that there's a lot of it huh
comment of the day goes to I don't know
how to pronounce it but it looks like
Nietzche
Moussa me are you guys planning on
watching fuller house on Netflix
absolutely in fact I was about to
surprise me with it and she's going to
come in today she's like over here go
watch the new full house for house I
think there's a lot of episodes already
out so I want to like I don't want to
binge watch it all at once
there's more than one episode oh yeah I
think so there's a whole season really
yeah
so we're gonna don't want to binge-watch
it I don't think I want to binge-watch
it I'm just the cool thing about that
pushing to go but then it's over I grew
up watching full house and when I had
delivered symphony I had Sam got me like
he wanted to give me like a gift like
for having your our first child and he
got me the complete box DVD set of full
house for me to watch like wall was at
home and nursing her and yeah the
perfect gift for her she's so proud of
just don't over here you go oh my god
I'm gonna cry
your I love this show
don't forget guys we love you oh it's no
they're changing it up and remember to
love each other they have a baby too pal
oh my gosh
you guys gotta watch it'll be mine
