Oh eyes on princess keyline she's gonna
put on a movie about her swinging
good morning Symphony good morning
everyone
Tiffany guess what Mommy has to do after
I drop you off I have a doctor's
appointment where I have to go and drink
this really yucky yucky juice good
morning daddy let's shop
let's go
good morning guys please excuse my
costume I didn't have time to put my
civilian clothes back on had a really
busy night he's like oh she's out
bye sweetie
I love you so today for the table I plan
on standing it if I can live here with
me alone
that was disgusting but luckily they let
you have water so I brought some ice
water from home in the world coffee mug
I think the lady walked over and checked
it i gagged once you have to drink that
stuff and within five minutes I had
forgotten that I thought you had the
whole hour to drink it and then they
check you you drink it in five minutes
and then they check your but an hour
later I thought I was going to get the
Santa table but Abram demanded come up
front and play and eat walnuts so that's
what we're done we did set an official
date for my surgery today so that's
exciting
so my due date has changed slightly
usually when you do a c-section they
take the baby a little bit early and so
official due date is June 1st and then
acute birthday when's your birthday
Juliet June 1st
oh this is so silly but when the doctor
was going to settle
she was wanting to do May 30th
I really like the idea of June I think
it sounds cute like a little doom by
coming at me she really be he'll be like
a June that like the first first little
thing we see in the month of June so the
top court for pushing in the stroller
trying not to make any excuses or not go
for a jog on a daily basis in the night
and go yesterday trying to make an
excuse month ago I think I decided day
before not to go even the other day when
it is raining I did not make rain in the
not to go run these guys little Figgy
balls pistachios pickles and popcorn
let's do this buddy now my day has moved
on potty luck
I'm here for quite a few supplies today
Andre and my sister-in-law installed and
her baby doesn't have a hobby lobby
where she lives so I've been trying to
gather up some things for her I guess
they're sale is four dollars and 22
cents it's funny cuz everything else
typically is like you know half off or
30% off or something like that but this
is like a specific price point that it I
wanted to get her like this cap yarn I
guess it's not on sale this week kind of
like this one maybe I'll get one of
these I don't know if that's a good one
to work with though I like the thicker
stuff I'm not sure what she really
thinks about it all hey I might go with
these two that's a pretty cute little
combo minty with purple and paint I
think I might get a few of those I'm not
sure exactly she told me the other day
what she needed
like how many she needs to make it
through a project remember what she told
me this is cute it's kind of thin though
I don't know like what you'd use this
for
not even half of it guys I still have my
buggy loaded down over here and some
stuff already up here but it looks cute
I always think the area looks cute when
I'm checking out hanami
hey I'm with Allison now we just had a
yummy lunch and now we're second-hand
shopping for this formal party I was
showing you guys about she's going to
the birthday great oh yeah it's a
birthday party for a friend that we go
to church with that's not gonna work out
be like thank you sure that's where when
it's been thirty fifty dollars and it's
like and they're 29 - 94 99 forever
maybe we're not gonna try anything on in
here Allison I've got one over here same
color scheme yeah we're supposed to tell
we shop together oh don't you dolly
dancer dolly dancer I'm Cassandra
counsel we went shopping together me and
Ollie should totally just joking be like
this is what I'm getting what if I did I
mean like who cares like this what if I
actually did know cuz I'm pregnant
okay may the best man win hey yeah hmm
look at waiting the pink one I know oh
my gosh I'm excited I feel like I'm
invincible in short dresses are not an
option for preggo it's like cute it is
Allison looks like a cupcake oh you
think our first option there no down
down thumbs down okay this one's not too
bad the one that I have it's really not
but I feel like I have a dress that's
similar to this that I could wear this
is hilarious you guys I don't even know
how this ended up in my pile it's like
hey a little bow for the bump this is so
funny I feel like it I feel like a
cupcake now okay this one I tried on is
$18 and I like it I think it's a winner
it's just kind of look at it it's like
modest and everything you can see the
bump that's totally furnished oh my
goodness I can show off something I like
this one
Oh Mia that's perfect isn't it she says
that about every one of them
so hurry do you have to do it I don't
know maybe
not maybe it's an alternative isn't
going to be too booby anything I've
learned that in order to be successful
at running and by successful I mean
consistent running regularly where it
actually makes an impact in your life
you have to identify the why and it has
to be an important why and I've
identified I would say three very
important why's as to why I run every
day
hey the devil comes in all sorts of
forms I feel like in my life he comes in
the form of sleep because he knows I'll
give into it he knows I'm very attracted
to it and he knows what it does it takes
away time from God my family and just
bettering myself and the people around
me so when I give in to sleep I feel
like I'm giving in to Satan and I found
out that just going for a small jog a
mile two miles even half a mile wakes me
up and gets me focused and ready for my
day and I think that's what God wants
for me so that's number one
okay I had a little time before I go get
symphony from school so I'm at Ross now
and I hit the jackpot they have some
formalwear on sale for like twenty
thirty bucks so I'm going to try some of
that on the scene maybe I'll buy
something I like this one it's very
simple and plain it's cute accommodates
the bump pretty well it's modest only
thing I'm thinking guessing is that
there's like these little slits right
here I mean it's still like covers quite
a bit anymore
I was very like a camisole I ran back in
Ã¥lesund so funny she was coming in to
those coming out
Oh got my dress you guys have to leave
tomorrow
I picked under $20 it's not like the
most amazing feel or off but there was
some really really cute ones but they
just weren't really my size or just
didn't fit the way that they should have
finishing off all my errands picking up
symphony how was school baby
really good or just good really good
tonight
dinner is on me it wasn't cheap $44 what
is your order okay we're doing Mexican
food tonight probably can't marry me oh
oh yeah your nose hmm yes sister Don a
large K so it's either like I'm gonna
get a large you get one that's like this
big that's not enough for all of us a
straw for no I got the but you got the
poyo where I used to work they cut it up
yeah you did get a train oh you got
three enchiladas
Ashley said one knee is hungry too thick
perfect queso trying to make some rain
here
all right who's ready to play what was
your favorite part about today
oh he said exercising with dad you did
it why my little boy was problem when
daddy went outdoors I see just now to go
get the food yeah I say my bad in my a
poopy so I like about having a beer you
can't see it my life triple chin that's
not like this is Gus I feel pregnant I
had a lot of tex-mex it doesn't like me
saying that but I do our magic per se
feels just like this you other pregnant
women out there where you know it just
get him I probably look pregnant
- so Oh today's comment comes from Talia
Gomez I love how little man get so happy
when one of you walk up it's like you
were gone forever
lol it's so cute I love that - yeah I
can too but do you know what's a really
cute thing is been downtown about this
month
oh yeah this small thing you doing we
just happen do it for you guys just like
you could just be over here doing your
own thing
I was doing the dishes the other day
every single time I turn around
everybody was staring at me like this
he has his big cheesy smile he squints
his eyes and shows all his teeth it's
stupid or mushy he did it eh I was
talking to heat on the phone he just
looked up at me from the floor just turn
on what it is new is gonna drive me
crazy tomorrow is gonna be so much fun I
mean honestly I'm like borderline
disappointed that Sam's not as into it
as I am like you can't totally like pick
me up for prom you can make it like a
whole thing and he's just not thinking
along those lines and then they just
don't even like didn't get the chance to
go to prom again ish it's kind of like
prom is like homecoming / prom it's very
formal homecoming anyway it's going to
be the best funnest thing ever but as
always guys don't forget we love you and
there was about each other
you can make
we shall just
but then mister
