good morning guys it's another beautiful
day in the Rayder home and we
unfortunately have another sickie back
there
he went to let me check his temperature
orally so I did the armpit and it was
like 101 well I'm just hoping and
praying that once he's done me and Sam
don't get it we can just it's like baby
requested some donuts I think daddy got
him some on his way home
oh mercy said my daddy my daddy my donut
the donut
hey why don't you start doing it the
sparkles oh she was so sad this morning
he was laying on me and his face looked
really really sad and he was like got me
donuts mommy daddy got me donuts but
there's a little tiny hand cupped like
this like she thought I was just gonna
place one in his hand oh yeah how could
we not make why weren't crying but
I have not got to work on this table
because I bought this new chainsaw and I
worked on it for a while and I took a
little break and then I went to go back
to start my chainsaw again I don't know
if you guys remember but I was a Eric
came over to help me but we couldn't get
started but I guess that's sitting so
long it evaporated all the the gasoline
that was flooding it went in the shed
just mess around with it just to see if
it'll start and started right up and so
I got my coffee table cut I got the legs
cut out of it and then the bad news
comes look at this mr. Tony workout I
just searched it on YouTube as you can
see they connect like that like that
they go together right there but you
know it is what it is I'm thinking about
using just this one piece as a table
kind of unique looking isn't it how's
that like but sticking out heart shape
looks like pair legs with wide hips I
don't know it's kind of interesting the
thing I'm worried about is I've let it
sit outside so long it's been rotting
I'm gonna pressure spray it and see what
the surface looks like and see if it's
salvageable
yeah oh hey that's embarrassing we'll
see you sissy go see her
go see your sissy
she always does it too long
hey you okay he just woke up I just had
to wake him up yeah I had to wake him up
more juice it's very particular what's
wrong poor head well he had some fever
this morning but he went down right away
and yesterday I was brushing his teeth
he was like flinching and so I was
thinking he's favored this morning was
probably maybe he's gonna his 2-year
molars what's up dude okay you want to
say something what do you try to say
buddy
you go inside he's gotta go in the house
right now you got it okay so he just let
me look in his mouth really big and they
does have huge bumps on the bottom on
the bottom back of his mouth ah real big
hope you guys can see it but I think
that's what where his penis coming from
today so does your teeth hurt no does
your mouth hurt a little bit this is my
blend for today I don't think it's gonna
smell that great but I looked up a blend
for teething and on Pinterest came a
blend for fever so those of you who are
really skilled and knowledgeable on what
children throw meteor tips because
that's like I really primarily wanted to
get into the oils for allergies and
migraines what my grants for me yes
thank you sweetie
oh yeah yeah yeah you know me I do have
purification my friend Masami
purification is a good one for something
I don't remember I gotta go hate reading
the message but okay you ready for
tonight are you ready to vlog tonight
maybe tomorrow mommy Daniel what are you
wearing
do you like oh you do I do your favorite
can you show me can you walk around in
them so what happened with Avram Abram
threw up everywhere I mean like
everywhere I'm to blankets Symphony
himself but it's okay because we turned
into a princess yeah we cleaned it up
there yeah lay out we oh goodness okay
we gotta go we gotta we just made it in
home it's always so awesome to spend
time at Bowen show I think some people
are blessed with certain gifts Bowen
she'll definitely were blessed with lots
of wisdom and they're just such awesome
friends to have and so let's talk when
she was praying tonight one thing she
reminded me of was like the Bible says
if you asked God and faith for wisdom he
will give it to you we can all be wise
like that we just don't ask in faith in
faith that's what what was where I was
reminded Emily I was think about that
verse because of wisdom there's no word
of the year
totally forgot anyways comment of the
day is hilarious I'm gonna try to read
it like as if this person was talking
it's from Julie Robinson you not even
got me in the shot
I'm gonna read this as if she's talking
cuz I think it's funnier that way all
right like how I think she's talking
it's from Julie Robertson
oMG oh my gosh in parentheses I was
almost getting physically sick when
Abram was pouring glitter everywhere I
used to work in junior kids church and
all my fellow workers that knew I hated
glitter with a passion
it is simply insidious Yahweh finding
glitter in your hair in the kitchen and
everywhere for the next six months is so
funny and true I found glitter like up
here today I was getting dressed or
something did you see it I don't know
what makes it good roll over to like
where did that come from somehow forcing
the kids last night just me was dragon
I got rid of most of it though I don't
think it's gonna last for six months I
haven't seen anything except I mean you
haven't I saw it on the floor in the
living room and I swept to the living
room which he did yesterday and I swept
up a bunch of glitter wait I did find
him when I coughed I caught it
no I sneezed I sneeze in my hand there's
like a bunch of glitter and whatever we
will see you guys tomorrow God willing
dick first children this girl - we get
to see her tomorrow - I have a doctor's
appointment tomorrow my glucose test
diabetic all know what are they testing
you for that gestation what I mean
gestation diabetes I'm forgetting all
these medical terms have been out of it
for too long and we watched house last
night and he's all like with his terms
like actually I don't know what they're
talking about
she's like I hate when you get in this
mood that's why I don't want to watch
the show with you
whoops
don't forget guys we love you can
remember to love each other very nice
