good morning guys how's it going today
somebody loves doing laundry with mommy
now it's my last little baby to help me
do laundry oh there she goes being a
little climber yeah but daddy that one
you job clothes isn't it
big job give me five
thank you what is that no uh-uh you
little sneakers just snuck one thank you
I know it's exciting now right but one
day you're gonna hate it just so the big
kids are at school today and we have a
pretty exciting little adventure tonight
but it goes straight from a preschool to
the little event and I've got to get
everything organized right now I'm
getting symphony young chefs Academy
coat ready to go stop her bind her here
she's gonna be getting some notes to put
in here tonight
Wow stinkin cute is this coat you guys
oh my gosh is so exciting for her it's
her first class before we head out
though a sad thing has happened today
do you notice what's not behind me
that's right it's the day we pack away
all of our Christmas things
stronger half of the marriage as far as
muscles go has grabbed it from me
hey I think I'm stronger in the laundry
Department this girl is being dangerous
as usual you're supposed to be inside
the net you little daredevil I can't
even get to you this giant bushes in my
way come here here hold my hand come on
we gotta go get bubs from school though
it's time to go get the bubber's
there's something missing guys everyone
do you know what's missing it's right
here symphonie what sorry been sleeping
all day
your chicken
so something how you feeling about your
very first day of young Chefs Academy
like it's a networked enemy and it's
like a Daniel thing I'm gonna
and then while Symphony cooks we're
gonna get our hair done you ready to get
our hair did sleepy boy Juliette excited
about it too she decided about this
colorful letter can't stop looking at
him are you progressed in the class
there are those patches if you guys
forgot my symphony got this this was her
need for Christmas and I want me
okay let's go check Vonda hanging buggy
and their haircut this little girl is
gonna be all over the block before we
know it
oh it's going away you guys he already
looks so much better on my gosh look at
all that hair down there
wow what a transformation
hello how's it going over here maybe a
nice and still nice pecs
thank you oh my gosh you look so cute
you look like a little boy again does
anybody see what I see I say next time
we break out and we go to Target and we
go shopping everyone else does all their
other things these are the deals this
somebody made friends
I came out to check on daddy and Abram
and I saw the two most handsome boys
walking in the parking lot Hey Wow oh my
goodness look at my hot hot hubby oh my
goodness gracious you look so good may
my heart pitter-patter oh man get over
here you like it's all good I'm sorry
baby
and this guy don't even get me started
on this just spend out there making
spaghetti looks like they're gonna get
to taste them they first started out
with making ravioli that's what they
were like I ain't reading your yes
you're like clean crunchy stuff on you
know it's been baking while they made
spaghetti there's not snapchat this is
not snapchat
simply splitting this for me what's
inside of it cheese thank you is so
delicious daddy that is what it is oh my
gosh we're home now guys I hope you're
happy my beard has gone Avery was beard
has gone as well are you missing your
beard I'm using my little cheese board
yeah we kind of all had like mini
dinners around here and they're
everywhere so I made a yummy little
snack tray for everyone and this is
gonna serve as our Dindin
okay guys let's do our high-lows around
our little cheese board here Abram you
go first what was the best part of your
whole entire day I'm getting my hair cut
in my language in some cities in the
High Point was cooking class and locally
what I had to get and I was having fun
doing good we're gonna do it after Holly
your that you still hungry no it's not
bleeding ever and I were playing on the
couch and or he always likes to play
with us when we start playing and she
got in the mix it jumped on a Berlin cut
his face already see it you sure it's
over there on this side you see it yeah
we're having such a good time or yo
looks so guilty
yeah you had to be careful or you have
sharp claws what's a feed you know some
more and some more
Bobby want some more please oh no thank
you
thank you
what up guys everyone's in bed now and
I'm getting ready to wind down my day
with my workout routine this is how I do
it I just watched Roger a runway
I used my workout app I think today I
want to do the bikini body I do two of
these they're all between 7 and 11
minutes I always start with stretches
and I'm trying to get a little more
limber as time go so when I first
started on January 1st I pretty much
like you could only go down to the base
of my leg without it hurting which is
like right there and now I can go all
the way to my toes
okay guys I'm all done with my workout
I'm feeling pretty nauseous I'm gonna do
comment of the day anyway and it comes
from Patricia and I really love and
admire how much you both spend so much
time with the kids and let them help you
and actually teach them how to do things
you guys really are amazing parents
thank you so much Patricia for those of
you who don't know Patricia Ann is an
ogee fan basic like been here since the
beginning and we always appreciate her
encouragement her positivity and just
her genuine comments on our videos
everything we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
