we got it
made by the same guy loved by the same
yes ma'am
well
in this together hey guys doing today a
lovely lovely day here in Terrell Texas
this is what it's looking like outside
today it is pretty what last year on
today it was actually snowing out there
Tiffany missed yet another day of school
because she woke up with 101 temp I give
her some tunnel let's see if it's gone
down mommy said it was mostly all done
let me see how you feeling looking good
it stopped it 19.4 nah who's your daddy
who's your daddy baby baby doing yet
yeah daddy's baby Juliet I don't have a
baby Juliet yeah my mommy does Mia were
busy you have a baby
where what's your baby's name what's
your baby's name is your baby chunky
chokers Costco joke joke you can be the
tree that we I'm on right now what are
you looking at
oh the banana eat monkey princess yeah
you are not fit on your own you know
this girl's not sick okay your hair
looks in there let go are you sure no
careful with transport this guy has had
three poopy diapers today and I've
changed them all my hands are pooped out
did you pick book for me to read you
guys in my
I said cool water from do you yeah what
the buggy point2 3:12 Oh got some
cleaning done guys this room is nice and
shiny I love when he walks to the door
and her face is just all lit up because
I just cleaned something it took me like
five minutes I loved it so much but now
it's time for me to sit down and enjoy a
movie a manly movie the other day we saw
risen as we already told you and there's
another movie we're considering but it
was rated R and it was rated R for all
the wrong reasons so we did not go see
it I said honey why don't we just wait
till it comes out to vid Angel yes bid
angel it is a streaming service
available on all major devices and
computers and you know things like that
I'm using on my Apple TV it allows you
to watch a movie a lot of big hit movies
movies that just recently came out for
only $1
they found this awesome way for you to
be able to do that and filter the movies
because it's by law you can't do that
unless you own the movie so here's how
it works they sell you the movie for $20
you buy it for a day and you're able to
filter out anything you want to we
filter it out like the last movie
blasphemy we hate blasphemy we letting
that into our home profanity of course
nudity sexuality crudeness and there's
several things you could choose from and
then after 24 hours of owning the movie
they automatically buy it back from you
for 19 so you've ended up watching movie
for only a dollar and this is completely
free to sign up you get on there see
what kind of movies they have available
like I said the selection is awesome
awesome selection guys and we'll put a
link in the description box if you guys
want to do that and a big THANK YOU to
vid angel for sponsoring today's video
and for making us aware of this awesome
awesome product and
I have been wanting to watch Woodlawn so
that's what I will be watching ah ah
he's trying so hard for his mommy did I
get here Christmas another dudas up okay
wanna know you didn't like use Excel
opera in your mother's sari thank you
very your face supposed to line up
because of it there it is that's the
face so it does look really nice you
think I just need a back medevac you
because we were sleeping no it's worse
it's 100.5 you're not feeling sick hmm
no no symphonies little friends were all
so worried about her today and a couple
of them wanted to make this hold on
again one more
that's all I got I got three of her
little friends saying I miss you or four
how does that make you feel also max is
asking where you wear and Braden guys
this little man is poo pee today this is
fifth time to be changed
ah big poopy diapers hard time yeah he
does that a week I'm we gotta change a
diaper
he's slipping I'm gonna stop giving you
those great drinks the game daddy you're
standing I got did you just poop again
yeah
donor pool accurate Dan whatcha Payton
eight friends little brats watch
Oh
we got you stop
whoa I don't know you get Oliver's belly
huh leaving me with this well he's going
with you hey so the first time I come
home it's like hey look at all this room
I clean so second time I come home it's
a surprise Leo Frank exploded in the
kitchen let's go take a bubble bath with
our new bubbles severe Peters Berkeley
we got cool enough and they look in the
camera
Oh No look at these beat right I'm sure
those feet Avram even though they're
yours
and I'll restart we're
it turns out that Sam is not going to GC
and I thought that me and Symphony we're
gonna have a little girls night so I got
her something fun don't do that boy to
sleep in she had asked me for some with
slippers on the loan because Abram
always thought I got her a pair and
we're gonna have a total girls night
with crafts and homework she has some
cool homework for tonight and I got this
cool little crayon holder box thingy so
it's going to be a family night now but
I'm I'm still excited to give this kind
of bummer when I go flat with her
everyone broke a record today six dirty
diapers we're on number six right now
before bed I'll earn your bust I'd learn
how can you feel it what happened
tranny MyLink applause oh my goodness
dude six poops in one day hey you guys
you know what you're licking our third a
mopped floor that my husband mopped that
just makes it even more special and
clean and nice to sit around I never end
the vlog in the kitchen or just chill in
the kitchen it smells so fresh in here
Sam didn't get to finish his movie
earlier so we are just gonna watch it
together and have a little in-home movie
date it's the first time in forever that
I don't have to sit down and work
through a movie we're gonna actually sit
down and watch this movie together and
I'm excited because Ben weren't really
wanting to see it hold on
update on Symphony verse she's doing
much better we think she's gonna be able
to go to school tomorrow she has had a
fever since middle of the day today so
it's been a few hours and we we've been
giving her motrin and stuff like that to
keep it down so we'll see in the morning
Angelina Henson says Sam you are very
creative I love the blocks you should
have an Etsy shop with Nia
I like that comment because I was just
recently telling him that he should sell
his would work in an Etsy shop maybe not
with me with my reads and stuff like
that but have his own Etsy shop that I
could run and manage for him and I was
telling him he could also sell like his
photography on canvas I think that would
be such an amazing venture for him I
don't know if don't forget as always we
love you and remember to love each other
we'll see you tomorrow
