good morning guys all night last night
I've been running recovery software on
my SD card from our footage we shot
yesterday can't recover anything we lost
all our footage from yesterday's vlog
kind of a bummer because we did quite a
bit me and I went out together we had a
date night we went to her favorite
restaurant right now I guess repair
restaurant the melting pot which is a
lot of fun we saw the movie arisen which
we gave you a lot of commentary on is a
really good movie of course we went to
church and the a.m. that's why we had no
vlog yesterday but there will be a vlog
today right now so when you're watching
what's wrong man where's her biscuit on
the floor get your biscuit buddy sick
it's here sick she was warm last night
are you hurting anywhere sweetie did you
find your spider-man young girl I say
hello Captain America who is it big yeah
Captain America Captain d-daddy guys I
did it I'm an oily now that's what they
call people who use oils I use essential
oils officially now and I'm doing my
first blend for Symphony while she's
sick she has a fever we're not sure
what's wrong with her but I looked it up
and so what is good for fever espect
lavender and what's good for viral
infections is frankincense so I'm doing
two drops of frankincense three drops of
lavender and two drops of peppermint sim
pees feeling pretty bummed she has a
birthday party tonight at Chuck E Cheese
unikom donut come help me this is the
last one you go that one's called
peppermint do you open it you can try
some of them are kid proof
okay got it that's good
no more poof we may have done too much
already there we go just do it for 15
minutes turn it off and it's in the air
something like that still learning Muse
over your crafting and it's putting me
in the crafty mood he just helped me
with a project again that's twice within
a seven day period
oh my cam I'm in crafty mode I'm gonna
go to my shot and see what there is to
do I have a couple ideas
all these instant pictures we do have so
many of them made like like a hodge
podge Ursuline a hard time just called
hodge podge my hodgepodge March podge
yeah no I want to make a hodge podge
this is what Sam does helped me make you
help me get Christian to show back a bit
well the Crypt this crease is from the
folding of the fabric and it'll be
covered cement cute is for a baby
nursery I'm not sure how to pronounce
her name industry is mini house mania
Tasmin like Jasmine with a tea my other
idea was make abramson blocks we came
out here together this morning just took
some scrap wood and we're just kind of
built some towers but I want to make him
some cool blocks where you can
interconnect them with the scrap wood
like interconnect abbu blocks made by
his father I don't have a love oh
there's another piece so scrap wood
there's one too big bail
let's see what I can get here now I feel
like Monday means I'm a working girl
again I'm working today
it's um I have made three Reed's today
and updated my shop already one not done
yet but it's got all these little shabby
flowers to the side and it's gonna go up
that way it's gonna be more like looks
like kaleidoscope ish in the viewfinder
up there
scary now to make them interconnected
I'm doing the blocks guys it turned out
pretty cool there were just going to be
prototypes I was just cutting away I had
an idea in my head didn't even take out
a tape measure at all or pit or pencil
or anything I just started cutting away
and it's not pretty cool as soon as
everyone gets up and take them out there
Tippie likes him my daily green juice or
half of it so happened I've been doing
two a day made too much today cuz we
animal mechanical can
hey guy I made you something
John was here boss maybe she's uh
okay how are you princess do you need
anything
she still has a small fever is 99.9
guess she just have some kind of virus
come on dude
you ready
no I said chill where are you going what
the he's getting his new blocks mom
hey yo yo she just likes you buddy she's
just licking you come on keep walking
she won't get you keep walking what do
you think man do you like them you
connect them look one like this and then
one like this and then one like this see
how they connect like puzzle piece
blocks yeah Oh God nothin stacking them
right
looking put them like that the only
mistake I made it you see how I made him
reverse on the horizontal planes but on
the vertical plane I guess I made him
the same see that I have grooves on both
sides instead of one a tongue and the
other groove but whatever like I said
they're just prototypes but I could do
this again and make them pretty cool
you just made on us yeah let's try what
do we do you can stack them and snap
them and Lapham doesn't make you feel
better sissy well what she's making it
yes she knows how to do it is getting
creative with them homemade chicken
noodle soup only the noodles I'm gonna
have to alter a little bit I don't have
egg noodles which is usually what I like
and what everybody puts in their chicken
noodle soup but I don't have that
someone to use where is it I'm gonna use
some of this thin spaghetti you know
better than nothing oh man I feel so
thankful at times like this when we have
stuff on hand that we just happen to
have onions and carrots and celery and
chicken broth on hand it's been really
great there I got a big bridge is that
cool or what man me by my brilliant back
he knows his new blocks you just kind of
whatever been snacking on organic fruit
and nut energy snack what time is it
it's like a clock how do you know 30
minutes night energy snacks
super naked
there you go drink your apple juice
she's doing ugly you've had five of them
buddy you have five of them already
yeah I don't like apple juice either
it's not just apple juice or something
else in here oh maybe the lemon mix of
it cars are juiced along this rail you
know like it - I know you're ready -
lemony there's lime in it
it's really good I'll drink if you don't
just lime an apple you don't want it
really fat
so you can't drink it I think I can take
about two more drink okay get to my
drugs or drink it slowly
it's that sour
you're done now okay yeah I'm trying to
muster up the motivation to finish
cleaning I started cleaning the bathroom
back here and I sat down to get a drink
of water and I haven't gotten back up in
like 20 minutes
okay so it's time to do a comment of the
day yesterday all of our footage is gone
and we went on the coolest date ever
long story short we saw risen it was
amazing you should all go see it but you
guys also didn't get common of the day
Jen Winnick those laughs at the
beginning they made my heart melt they
were so cute and I would just have to
say I agree completely those laughs were
so precious and real and genuine I just
love them they made us really happy we
watched it back like five times when Sam
was editing but anyways guys we'll be
back tomorrow with some other fun stuff
I have duty at Symphony school and some
other things going on so come back for
more of that and we will see you then
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other the body may
not be all she has that small she buried
me well never be on the ball but I love
me more than she'll ever figure out
there's not a key to my heart that can
let her and there's not a key
