got to give
and this together good morning guys
wanna see something I'm making for my
day check it out
they are both unpacked and ready to be
put away I'm on laundry load number
three
yep number four on my feet and after
that we will be all done packing up hi
on your knees oh my goodness a bro
are you okay Wow what game are you
playing over here Little Miss little
horse here let me help you with this
headband Symphony got herself ready just
a minute ago
let it go your singing is on you gotta
redo it there we go
whoa Abram he's so funny so that's what
the kids are up to
and one day up to it's a secret but
there's a little bit of a clue it's a
big clue it's a big clue mm-hmm that's
the whole thing I didn't know you're
gonna zoom it out it's happening guys
he's making it happen
today's a very special day you'll know
why it is actually a once-in-a-lifetime
day today do you know why honey
five loads of laundry I want to say
that's once a long time but because we
will never have another today so make
the most of it on and get that laundry
done oh my gosh my underwear did you
guys see my underwear stop looking at it
what do you doing hmm
did you nap you look beautiful I'm
trying to get into that mentality guys
that there's the only warm house today
each day we only have one today drizzly
out here today flying princess can I try
it
take off the stand yeah she probably
will fly out here well it's pretty cool
you can't have that do not remember how
to open the door you've got that you
pull on it and not push it today I've
been working on something that's been
long long overdue it was actually kind
of new year resolution for me to do this
and I'm finally getting on it because
lately I've been feeling kind of
convicted about it for some reason even
though I'm so far removed from my
childhood I still tend to blame my
parents for certain things and one of
the things that my mind is automatically
goes to to a time in my life when I
picked up a guitar at my uncle's house
and I felt like I was like man I want
this to be in my hand for him I was like
this kid I like dreamed about having
this guitar just started playing with
the strings making melodies out of just
strings not not fretting or anything
like that but my uncle taught mom that
she should give me
tark because it looks like I might have
some musical would-be ability and that
could have played with my thoughts to
that hey my uncle will see some you know
some potential at me but anyway he told
my mom that and my mom never didn't give
me a guitar and while I don't blame her
at all for me not pick up music or being
musical I'm somewhat musical but not
being at a level that I would love to be
at I have in the past blamed her for
that I don't anymore though and I've
written several songs you guys know
written several songs wrote California
and wrote some several other songs I may
end up sharing another song with you
guys today I think I'm going to back to
what I've been feelin convicted about
Symphony has been on me about making her
channel and for some reason I don't
think it's the right time or I've just
been putting off or different excuse up
the Ripper excuse but today I've been
working on getting her channel up
because I don't want her to look back on
me not taking action like I did on my
mom but Symphony has shown a real
interest in doing this that's why I'm
taking it seriously it's been consistent
that she wants to do this every time she
starts taking out a toy or play-doh or
something she says can I make a video I
only make a video she has a real
interest in doing this so starting today
I guess I'm going to be helping making
that dream happen for her hey buddy oh
my daddy daddy okay so I decided I'm
gonna show you guys you were so dumb
that's the name of the song I might get
some hate for it but the song I wrote in
high school is about Nia she just kind
of ditzy in high school and I used to
say you're so dumb and it was my way of
saying that she was cute I hate it so he
wrote me a song thing
yeah just last me saying I love you and
so this is a song about leaving cute
their ditzy waves and be calling her
dumb just a way of saying I love you
I thought welcome aboard the train of
thought when she said to give me a sec I
think I'm catching on I said if you like
I'll draw your picture where she
actually reached for a pen and paper
yeah she actually reached for a pen and
paper
I thought it the smartest thing she's
ever said
what she flat out too fast I'm such a
blockhead
she was sure to breathe some crazy
things with her lips I got lost in her
boy and cover up the kiss I got lobster
boy
well you sir
that thing is
you know
to make
I thought oh she's trying to get smart
on me when she opened up my dictionary I
have six actual world all you needed to
know
she said up looking for
she said I'm looking for
I thought it the smartest thing she's
ever done when she dropped the book at
her mouth and gone
crazy things with her
I got your boy and broke it off with a
kiss I get love in her boy
and broke it off of the chest
well to show
yeah
stupid plays
her body may not be all she has that
small she buried me well never be on the
ball but I love you more than she'll
ever figure out there's not a key to my
heart that can let her out there's not a
key not a key that could let her out of
my
to make
your fellow
thank you
so I've already explained a stiffening
that I haven't made her channel yet for
some reason she thinks it's been up all
this time
but yesterday I explained to her that it
hasn't been up and I'm gonna stop this
what do you want your first video to be
we got to do some kind of introduction
video praise eggs you want that to be
your very first video on the channel
yeah free shouldn't we do like a video
of you just sitting there like
introducing yourself okay no do that you
gonna make that video tomorrow today I
guess we can do that are you
there's a cuteness Wow
macho and done just like that we got
some of these first video done goodness
grace Brixton for dinner Symphony cannot
make up her mind she's once eggs cereal
she wants fried eggs she ones what are
you gonna bake her
well I'm poured Abram Syria because I
thought she might change her mind when
she saw it didn't a mess in there hey I
got him I got him a room I got him
here let's put them in here and put them
in your heart you got to be gentle Tori
oh she's a little chicken doggy finna
get the kids to bed tomorrow knee and I
have a date after church let me get to
come in today real quick
it goes to Donny Tortola 1306 that's
just poop from a couple days ago I love
so hard just to clarify guys that was
not - it's still back there actually I
said that was pooping yesterday's vlog
just poop yeah so leave everyone figure
nightly
