morning guys it is so bright out here
Sam through my makeup bag out in the
yard he is at a lunch meeting me and
this little dude right here we're
playing outside and I'm Tracy do with my
hair today you know I don't get to
finish my makeup I'm leaving like throw
my makeup bag I my make up and put some
on in a second there we go all better so
today I'm trying out something new my
hair it's so windy it's hard to show you
guys but I feel like I've never been
able to like tease or get my hair big
until I cut it short like this it
probably also has something to do with
me being pregnant my hair gets really
full and kind of thick one pregnant
Texas hair y'all it's messy in the
window what do you remember what your
shirt says today like daddy handsome
like daddy daddy
yes handsome like daddy that's right do
you guys remember at the Grand Canyon
this is another one and then on the back
my shirt says happiness and it's just
long and cute it covers my bump it
covers the back when you're wearing
leggings and I just love it I think it's
perfect for pregnancy or non pregnancy
it's like the little Jersey shirt let's
give it a try oh that's a good try you
want mommy to blow you something to go
pop them get him yeah blow gently really
saw like real soft oh that's a little
better you got one bubble out cool dude
look who's back y'all
who is that little cutie back there we
are headed home to box up the dinner I
cooked and we're going to my mom and
dad's for dinner tonight
I know we went to Sharon's house last
night and tonight one of my mom and
dad's we haven't seen them in a while
because we were on our trip I have some
super super super good news to tell you
what is it that now I finally like
school you want to come check the mail
with me okay new return address labels
for my business what is it it is that
one yeah let me see check that out I
love it it's my new one it's so cute it
has a little wreath of flowers around it
it's a little different than the one I
had previous but I like oh they're so
cute
we're here yes I have a big bow and I
got my mom a little surprise she doesn't
even know it's coming it's just a little
something-something because we missed
Valentine's Day with her see she's gonna
love him I always get my mom Valentine's
stars but we were gone so she didn't get
any can you take a look good little nap
there's my first little masterpiece
painting people's house maybe you come
on real can you say hi first come over
you oh my goodness you see is an extra
step so there's an extra step to help
them out people doesn't care about the
flowers she just wants the kids now this
would give like your heart sure buddy
let me take your dog please let this
with our bodies and amen dinner was
delicious all the plates were cleaned
all the way off pretty much the kids
even liked it
beautiful girl we're just in here
watching American Idol now while the
kids play and Haley Reinhart from
however many seasons ago came on Abram
ran over to the TV and said what's mommy
her beautiful no I'm jealous
never said I see that magic and hello
it's me
Samuel reader Nina are just hanging out
with some laundry and some wreath making
going on down here look at this awesome
roof she took Valentine's a day kind of
transformed it into the next holiday
she's so creative look at this
and it's turning out really good why Oh
getting them together I'm gonna put a
stem well if you made a stem you'd be
able to attach all those to the top of
the stem if it was something stiff
uh-huh
I'm full of good ideas I know I found
this little satchel slash leather
journal thing I think in your bombing
did you buy me this you did you remember
I know I have a few pages written on and
it's only from and they're all from the
Year 2005 and it's funny I was starting
to make a list of I guess stains by Sam
I thought I'd read them to you guys
this one says there one will stand in
Christianity toe-to-toe with the wily
enemy but shoulder to shoulder with God
Almighty and then this one my salad days
may have come to an end but the main
course is still to come I guess so I was
referring to me being a teenager I was
like man my teenage days are over
and the next one is when you cut corners
and you cut your life short so cut it up
stupid like batteries books are stored
energy like a flashlight they'll
brighten you up
mirco where you can drop off to your
dreams or wake up to them I'd say I've
been waking up to my dreams are you guys
waking up to your dreams are you
dropping off to them
good question to ask yourself every
night work out and so will your problems
I don't know about all that I know
working out or exercising does cause you
to forget your problems for a little
while but they don't necessarily work
out
problems whole design together I was 20
years old one with those sticky things
that's embarrassing
yesterday we had dinner with my mom
today we had dinner with Mia's mom and B
tomorrow we'll have dinner with Symphony
and Abraham's mom yeah yeah we'll catch
you guys on the flipside
yes some people still say that they
never get we love you and remember to
love each other
