okay so question is do you want more
waffles or do you want your surprise
like that okay we go wash your hands
while we were on vacation and we were
doing all this busy work I realize I
have a lot more energy than I had in the
beginning of my pregnancy Abram is
almost two-and-a-half and it is time for
me to start being active with him in our
home as far as like home schooling goes
when Symphony with Abraham's age I
started doing home school with her and
she was very easy to sit down and do
like schoolwork and I've always felt
like he probably won't do that however
now that Symphony actually has homework
he wants to do it with her every single
day so I could not be more excited to
show you guys who is sponsoring today's
video it's a fellow fan basics oh hello
thank you guys and we are just so pumped
to be working together with someone
who's supporting our channel and who's
basically just like a piece of our
extended family and they're supporting
us we're supporting them it's just it's
really amazing in perfect timing so
without further ado are you ready to
open your surprise okay this is got to
covered notebooks and there will be a
link below if you guys want to go and
check it out free shipping on all orders
over $30 and the products have been
tested they're safe for children inside
everything is great and I'm telling you
they're customized everyone is going to
love it
okay buddy hold on good one for mommy
when you take out mommy
come cute mine is already got started on
my grocery list right here adorable is
that much right oh what'd you get my
what's on their tray a train let's show
everybody so this is one of Abraham's
and you open it up and inside it's all
ah its schoolwork your own homework like
sissy like me yes and it's all laminated
and ready for dry erase markers you
don't have dry erase markers so we're
going to do some with a regular marker
and then wipe it off real fast there's
letters shapes faces in here different
things that he can trace and see guys
this is a perfect example as to my
two-year-old needs something laminated
and it's so personalized
and this is just for Abram it's got his
name on it it's got a train because our
sweet viewers knew that he loves trains
and you can customize it for your child
or you Sam has one too that he's gonna
be using for his journal right look
what's that
Changmin by triangle but wait we're
going to trace it
we're not just gonna drop scribbling
we're gonna go down down this side and
then across now you try
go down wait wait no yes go down again
and now go across Oh what did you just
draw a triangle can you do the square
okay I'm gonna train this is a miniature
version and you open this up and it's
more just free paper for him to draw and
be creative I genuinely just could not
be more appreciative of this coming at
this to him
you know sometimes as long as you
pregnant MOBAs when you're tired and you
have a jillion other things to do you
just kind of need something Nick Nick
I'm gonna get started on that and this
did that for what when this came we
started communicating what hello neuro
gotcha Covered notebook oh oh my gosh
like this is what I needed to get
started and you guys a special discount
code will also be in the description
below or 30% off your first order
highlighting is that you guys can just
go and get you a little some
personalized stuff to be creative and I
get educational my homeland
I know a lot of you out there homeschool
and I feel like this is just a really
good resource because there's a lot of
things out there that are Brandeis moms
and this is something that you get to
kind of put your home
my homie if he misses something that you
kind of get to put your own R and your
own feel to for your kids and their
personality so go check it out let us
know what you think
thank you got your Evernote but you're
supporting today's video we love you
guys we are so glad to be doing work
with our fellow fan basic and it's just
to me especially owning my own wreath
business it's so fun to be sharing this
information with you guys from another
business owner that
yeah we're just get it outside and go
play now play play dough put in there
jaechun wiki to you booyah happy Manny
Google IO daddy since they want to help
you she's your big sister 10 minutes
later all dressed in pink boots you look
awesome do y'all see why you can't wear
those real men wear pink good afternoon
fan basic we're getting ready to go to
my mom's house for dinner she prepared a
crock pot meal for us this doesn't
happen very often my mom doesn't cook I
grew up with her cooking very rarely I'm
sure she did good job but we have seen
my mom in a while just a trip she's
really missed us she's really she's
really worried about this whole time
she's always worried when going trips
cuz she loves a kid so much I'm her baby
dumpling
yeah and because Stephanie's her baby
dumplings daddy no more water
thank you yeah yeah we just can okay
I'll put up there I'll good tomorrow
Felix mommy so you're gonna wear this
pink boots sporting pink boots today
he's scared your dog mom why are you
growling at us right oh don't be scared
of pebbles it's okay
she's a nice doggie my candle smells
really weird it does smell really weird
it's a mailbox for you buddy hey rose
we get that one there's a hole inside
the heart whoa
sticker sweetie who's that I need ya
who's that yeah who's that guy yeah yeah
that one's Hulk who's that guy uh-huh
you know that and this one is yeah okay
Wow he loves it mom and so cute times
today yeah they love it what laughing in
it they still of mailboxes do that maybe
what is that that very median finish the
sentence you know how you guys that my
mom was really worried about us to write
the Grand Canyon there's mostly because
of a picture I sent the family I was
taking a picture of Mia the Grand Canyon
behind her and she freaked out because
Abram was running towards it but he was
actually pretty far from it but I
captured her as a she was like running
for Abram and my mom puts everyone's
actually running for the edge I'll put a
picture put the picture right here it's
pretty fun here
funny obvious face t13 like you don't
have rice and bean oh oh did it dude I
don't think it over culture made us
dinner so sweet
yeah it's kind of a flop I don't think
it's gonna have thought about your
daughter crockpots meals just look like
that I don't think it's gonna be bad
pieces of a piece of it then it's not
your corn bread so they write you oh hi
I'm so pregnant
hey bro did Bobby hungry are you hungry
yeah Abram look I don't have rice and
beans see my hand only a race to beat
have no rice and beans baby I have we
have so ideas
carrots and potatoes Danny who should
where she went over there sip me because
that's her bed oh just when you better
stick no no because she's a mom except
she's the one that's her good those
people over her while she sleeps
oh okay I'm gonna put the sticks in here
is your cake on make it is it in the
oven
what's the matter Bobby good sighs Oh
make daddy cake till you lost it for a
minute is it in the oven supply be
careful you know what whenever she
whenever you see Barney um well when we
first bought her they got bought
together and then after they got bought
together
month and then when you got back I'm
taking her her bad whoa her mom was dead
dad was good I think
well there was I mean me Mouse living
under barn and that's what day the mouse
ate the what not a well I had a magic
one that could turn into a rock that's
cool and it turned into a rock mouse
turn the horse into a rock little
imagination you have and a kiss too
all right BYE MOM love you guys see you
later okay get ready for bed guys
thank you Mondrian sleepy head over here
I'm the pregnant why not even one always
sleepy just like today is just bad and I
had two cups of coffee with Keith today
came home just passed out it's not
really like me but I guess I'm just
catching up to Richard even though you
can't catch a glance you really can't
but anyways guys so we wanted to kind of
fill you in on the meaning behind the
name that we chose some of you have been
asking and also tell you the official
clues that we gave a lot of you are
still wondering what clues did you miss
out on or whatever so the clues we gave
the official clues were the letter clue
the first clue was the letter I on the
refrigerator number two was there's an L
on her name even though Sam said there
was no L number three was we'll announce
it on Valentine's Day which is a
romantic holiday and then number four
was on our trip we drove past the sign
that said a hamlet and then number five
was that Australian oh gosh
just real briefly will tell you what the
meaning of her name is and why we chose
it and then later on I'm gonna make a
video on Nia's nest just with more of
the story behind it and
and how we came to choose her name
because it took a little bit of time and
a lot of research on my part and a lot
of bugging saying like well what about
this one we would represent so okay so
we wanted something that symbolized a
new beginning or something fresh like a
fresh start and the name Juliette means
new and youthful or fresh and young so
that that kind of went along with what
we were wanting like a new beginning a
fresh start and the middle name
Elizabeth means pledge to God or in
favor of God in God's favor it's also
Sam's mom's middle name his sister's
middle name and my great-grandmother's
middle name so there's a lot of
sentiment behind it but specifically we
really wanted the you know a new
beginning pledge to God and that has a
lot of more meaning behind I'll talk
about on my channel but that's how we
came to choose a name it is not after
the play Romeo and Juliet for those of
you to Vanessa know I'm glad that you
guys know the name now I can I feel free
I got used to like symphony much before
in public or you know I don't know but
don't forget guys we love you and
remember didn't love each other
for their mister
and this
