good morning fam basic it feels good to
be home I was telling you yesterday but
one of the best parts of going on
vacation is coming home that could
actually like feel the comfort of being
at home is almost palpable in the air I
love traveling I love going on
adventures and doing the things that we
did I come back home this time just felt
I felt amazing - trying to clean out the
car as you can see I got a little bit
done here I did not wear this thing only
few of you probably know what this is
because I worked a long time ago one of
the vlogs I wanted to wear it when I
went kayaking didn't get to use my kayak
not a big deal I brought it just in case
good morning guys it is the day of
unpacking the car which means it's the
day of homemade laundry soap I got out
of the habit of doing this for about six
months and we were buying laundry
detergent it's like 13 bucks every
couple of weeks I guess every like four
weeks for the ones I use I'm making my
own it's cost like three bucks and it
lasts you like at least a year you'd
have to replenish these every now and
again and these are like hundred dollars
or something that it's my dad yeah you
come on up a little guy gotta keep this
little man looks today when I put him on
he said go to be Beau's house did you
wear this that B was house last time
mm-hmm
whoa dad very bad girl boy he loves
school buses guys he'll set up the
window and just wait for them to come by
so my favorite part of the trip guys it
wasn't snowboarding and aside from
spending quality time my family I have
to say my favorite part most memorable
part was driving through Clarendon New
Mexico me too me okay Shay or go
back to New York City dude maybe you and
I could take a trip there just you would
need I mean a hand anyway I put several
clips of like a whole bunch of crosses
in the first video inside just that
random businesses we didn't really
explain what that was
it was a city called Clarinda and
throughout the whole city were crosses
there are up to about 40 crosses very
small city he just passed through I'm 40
and it was such a blessing to me I was
like look at this man these people got
really creative on making Jesus known me
and I both were just like kind of like
this elation Kim was like this is
beautiful the United States as a whole
is trying to kick God out of it
and this city is inviting Jesus into
their community and I just started
imagining this city may be dilapidated
old and everything but I bet the
happiness here like far outweighs the
happiness in like New York City or
something not saying that are completely
ungodly but or who la I just it's just
so awesome they're inviting God can you
imagine if we invited God into our
cities like they did it's a beautiful
experience and I look forward to
traveling through that again next time
we'll probably make a stop we didn't
stop there in all this just traveling
through anyway knew what to go pick up
city from school everything are hanging
out see out of the neighbors man you
make me average Jewish where she is it's
kami
hi kami a special shout-out to kami for
taking care of Oreo while we're away ya
can't be such an awesome neighbor she's
the one who takes care of our house and
the doll she brought all our packages a
huge package of Nia's boxes all myself I
was in person some of you guys have been
asking what ever happened to the square
footage and obtained with the almonds
well here it is the trap is still there
I don't know how long it's been but what
does it say about me what does it say
about you know who I am
and also where we're updating that look
at my toes can't me mention my arm
painted toes are still painted
yeah United the road cause of his truck
get out of the road coke in he said
cocaine go Mickey I love your to the
road man one grab way he's so cautious
of the road I love that so much about
him no cars coming she'll run on the
road of his mommy well careful good job
buddy well good job man
hi Symphony my mom said the kids
Valentine so let's see here
you got these two three that he's good
egg you can open it up buddy and from
open away mmm
pink
oh wow let's see oh it comes with a
bracelet open it up oh five dollars for
you for Valentine's Day
oh my goodness you want one yeah you do
what do you say to bebo
yo yo Jubilo you saying I love you too
ah did she love you bestest yes he said
yes guys look at my meal for tonight
om Jun it's kind of like a Chinese meal
this is like a Asian chicken casserole
it's got peaches and onions soy sauce
carrots almonds then over here I just
made like some stir chicken fried rice
only I didn't fry it with carrots and
some seasoning soy sauce you know the
works I just think it looks yummy you
guys know me I'm always really shocked
when I make something that looks or
tastes good one or the other it can look
bad and taste good and it's still a
winner or it can taste not so good but
look really pretty only go at least I
made it look the way it's supposed to
like does it look amazing
don't it's an Asian it's an Asian entree
guys right yeah all right we're going to
see you March
you can ride you can shoot into the 5
ready all right I'm getting adult
participation here yeah
what's in the upper tree
Brian the cavalry nigga Tillery I'm
a narrow
me
yes tonight DC birthing a little bit
differently around the children you were
doing once a month or twice um oh well
okay so this is first time we gathered
it is pretty fun making it all about the
kids pitching them get involved okay
into it walk here for the mechanic the
one night Eli whose eyes were becoming
so weak that he can barely see he was
lying down in his usual place
lay down he was laying down all right
continually enter what is he to say yes
Here I am
good good good in here into he lie and
say Here I am you called me yes good
Billy Mike's daughter brought a fam
basis to our G Series
my sister's a freak did you not take a
picture of it we made it back home as
you can see isn't it wonderful
I can feel it in here comment of the day
guys before we say goodnight goes to
Jani leader what a coolest name leader
we'll be living up to that name Thank
You Sammy if we're inviting us into your
family's life and when your many
exciting adventures I love when you do
need things with the GoPro have a great
trip can't wait to see what's in store
for tomorrow well you just saw it was it
everything you expected but you're
welcome thank you so much for coming
along with us you guys are definitely my
motivation to get creative and to get
out there and take the time to do things
like I didn't have the string to put
that GoPro in the water I had to go bike
go down the road and buy some string and
you guys I would say we're the
motivation for that I thought it'd be
cool you know share with all you guys
but anyway don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
