you
pretty much
there's my name is
good morning guys welcome to the Grand
Canyon yes we're safe in the Grand
Canyon
we're insane not to come through every
day we're staying here
but the downside of staying here is they
don't have internet they have internet
one place and it's right here in the
lobby and I couldn't get the video
uploaded sorry if you're going to get
the video up over the internet as slow
as molasses it's pretty much
non-existent I can't even get a page to
open
jeez I already saw this commercial wine
come on go that way so hot food guys let
it be known the Grand Canyon is not
known for its food it's known for all
things for everything we had oatmeal and
I had a coffee and both of them kind of
mean discrete but that meals not so bad
it has just got that slime of people
there's the guy with our drinks thank
you everybody
hey you found her hat go head thought
wait what do we have to do first make a
pizza mommy I'm gonna eat your oatmeal
we're renting bikes we're gonna go see
the canyon for the first time on bikes
we did bring me a bike so she's having a
rent one which is pretty nice that we
brought ours because it's pretty
expensive to get the bikes and the kids
like everyone's really cranky if you
open that's all right go see the Grand
Canyon first time in the world
there's no airline no sir it was like
this is very cheap yeah
here comes not again we'll have a grand
grand cannonball keep going
I would love to get on a meal and go
down there but where the kids
I don't think me would do that with it
with me what no good on a mule tap
trails that go down to the very bottom
of the canyon was want to see this was
it down there looks like a painting it's
so beautiful
I'm a major Oh Grand Canyon and I'm not
gonna fall oh man I'm on the edge yeah z
hey that's camera oh he liked that bloom
yeah your fingers are in there
basic really cool creepy I found
something I like this for the baby
nursery not cute I am ready let's go on
this little hike here I thought it would
have been more closed in than it is in a
few spots there's closed in areas like
right here but and like the scariest
spots there's nothing there like there's
a ramp going down and if some kids were
just running down go straight to the
Grand Canyon
leave it scary because birds have good
claws that can hang on the trees and
can't for walk of the world and they can
fly you know she said mommy that trees
not gonna fall over it has roots that go
deep in the ground
brother mm mm oh sorry
come on we're at the Grand can mixed
your little nervous guys up and gasps
ever since I start my new diet but
anyway look at the valleys over there
like they don't look real it's just so
big my eyes are having trouble like
registering or taking it all in
yeah me too it definitely it definitely
looks fake in some stuff like a little
trees down there it's like those little
models that you build no you look like
thanks incredible here though
add the legs
oh you gotta stop this tail sorry she's
really proud of popular this morning and
on the bike ride splatter mud all climb
foot one up and down I don't think that
I soldered man let's go down there
crampons what's a cramp all you guys
ever heard of a cramp on like a nut
tampon bit of crouton I don't want to go
down there just looks too scary
please don't do it
yeah hole over there oh cool
the light is shining right through it
man I wish I brought my humans
oh there's a tunnel now though there's a
guy comes or it that's it how do you get
over there what's wrong we're gonna
dance but it's all snow so this is what
a crampon is it's a little attachment
that goes on a shoe with some spikes on
the bone and it's required to go down
this ramp I would love to go down the
stranded oh you're right it's not
required go to live to go down there
nothing's gonna happen today that girl's
going down in flip flop she looks
terrified no crampons for her
isn't it just like a mile across or
something guys no it's all mine
I'm not doing all the honors ya know
maybe that way from now II do that way
probably at one point tomorrow along but
definitely not from here to there I
think I saw something that's probably
like ten rows Oh guys I don't know what
it is about this canyon but I feel like
it's calling me to it I feel like a
magnetism becoming suck yes but I just
like I can't go to it cuz it's just too
big
Nina says I'm already here it doesn't
feel like I'm here I feel like I'd be
here if I was right there on that ledge
I ain't just like in the middle of like
the top and the bottom every me you
wouldn't need to be like I need to go
over there to really experience it
here's me wanting more again Oh God Leah
I kept myself doing in our camera so
funny did you do
come on now there's not an overwhelming
amount of things to do at the Grand
Canyon it's grand don't get me wrong the
Grand Canyon is grand what do you want
to do now are you gonna go round to be
us oh yeah that's what the kids enjoyed
amazing I don't let you spell but good
job know what it is guys I'll do my eyes
I used to sing something just so huge
hi mom I can't do it you're right we did
hey room come on write the wrong play
just walk it it's right there guys get a
very the birds are coming hurry up come
on hurry ever the pears are coming good
call me no way no way feel like this is
a real sin you have to go back outside
because I just love looking outside the
window there's something about nature
huh they should do a close to God here
why you do more like yourself and
outside daddy every time I look outside
um I have been thinking about something
getting a horse only worse many parts
that are not real why don't they are
real good ever since we got here guys
everywhere and stretching the phone I
want new phone for me and every time we
come back and there he picks up the
hello John calling me ha ha Oh guys
sorry about the no vlog today hopefully
we'll have maybe two up tomorrow me is
that what I think yeah like wonder we
think if I wonder leave a normal time
okay yeah anyway guys thanks for joining
us today
it was awesome do you see the Grand
Canyon you guys got to see it with your
own eyes if you haven't seen it it's
kind of indescribable you just got to
see it for yourself
yeah right guys don't forget we love you
and remember to dance on the green
canyons at out falling
