you opened up the glass door and punched
I'm not sure want to reflect over it's
not good together what's up guys it's
bright and early this morning lately
back to school it feels like it's new
and fresh every single day I'm exhausted
I already took a little nice mommy
neighbor I'm are trying to figure out
this game seems pretty complicated but
we're trying it out anyway so do you
have your secret code I'm gonna start
with pink and then purple obviously and
good morning fantastic how are you guys
doing this morning it is beautiful here
until Texas I have some hardware cloth
here every minute I are gonna do some
patchwork around the house because we
have a rat in the wall or some squirrels
are getting in or something I have this
and I have some expanding foam and all
sorts of things and every midnight we're
gonna get to work our only buddy here's
your tool let's get to work all right we
got our first culprit right here buddy
we need to spray some of that foam it
means anybody class gonna shake it shake
it real good just spray on top of the
pipes right there
you bet we need to patch it up the flat
squirrels might get in yeah
can you pull that brick out for me there
you go yeah this is a are green cool all
right so you see this stuff yeah we're
gonna put some of it over this but first
we need a measure measure from here to
here how many inches in here full engine
to free it
can you see if it'll fit over that for
me yep yep perfect right we're gonna put
that on their wall but how about these
zip ties oh yeah
you see these little things got a pull
them to tighten them I gotta put these
in those little holes put them in there
you can it's fine them you got it there
you go
now pull that thanks bud can you cut
those little tails off with that make a
look all nice kay good yeah touch the
foam mouse not wet anymore it's going to
get hard alright but it here's the rules
yeah let's go through the fun or drone
the floor drone up here on Christmas see
it look over here in this valleys is
called a valley or too lazy and seldom
that we found this right here's for the
heater so they're not getting in there
they died the charge get there
we had an inspector come out here and
inspect the house for cracks and
entryways I hear something that mommy
hello so underneath these spinning vents
there's no mess to keep squirrels from
getting in and I guess you're supposed
to put the mesh it's ready inside the
attic so I need to get in the attic for
those we have some gaps around the
gables that either fill one exactly
short this pipe is four but got that
cover and I got this one covered over
here this is further here I'm pretty
confident that that's going to keep the
rodents out according to the inspectors
the main spot they were getting in was
back there where I put that new mesh so
as long as that's not I think that's
going to make a big difference
the inspector wanted $5,000 to come back
out here and do all this work and get in
the attic and spray some repellent and
to eat contaminoids
cause look nia tell me but I think this
is plenty
they can't hide for paola it's amazing
Owl Eyes they can see trouble happening
all over this Greg becomes
yeah good call chameleons now you see
him now you know now we need to look on
the inside of the house and one
suspicious place because we heard a rat
back here rustling around those behind
the dryer down here where the wall meets
the floor it's always a little bit
nerve-wracking and exciting to look
behind the washer and dryer cuz y'all
just find socks that you've been looking
for for a while
and then you find stuff like that a rat
hole
and this is what I deserve for being
lazy on my kitchen remodel I didn't put
any baseboards in this whole area
nor did I put baseboards in the pantry
can't help you
yeah do you want it
she's a little dusty there's a lot of
lint on there huh daddy will clean it
okay dryer I found it you're wearing on
he watches me there's wearing on that I
found one so many minions room I found a
snack the rest were trying to get to his
Valentine's Day message cookie kit as
behind the dryer play that there are
even plastic thing up to the cookies
room they did they got to the cookies oh
yeah the brats only took a little bite
out of that oh yeah dude there yeah
there's one dirty girl
do that what are you making chocolate
cake yummy Julia can I have a bite of
your cake
Jules everyone's using that shovel buddy
use the Green shovel Juliet can you show
her the green shovel that's a baby-sized
more for you there you go
just kind of free play guys for kids is
just so important I've read a lot about
how organized sports and organized
activities for kids especially when
they're overloaded with it like they're
going to cheerleading they're going to
gymnastics then after that they've got a
soccer then they got a run and go to
choir then they got to do band and of
course your kids to do that you
basically overwhelm the creativity where
they lose control not sure what the
long-term effects are but it's not good
whatever but just like free play so
important for kids I think it's really
important for adults I think all adults
should be making something at all time
that should have something that they're
creating cuz we're made in the image of
a creator so question of the day guys
what are you currently creating right
now I'm creating a house in Oklahoma he
is creating letters everyday hey guys I
just come back from a really busy day of
errands bank orthodontist the female
lady doctor it's always a rush between
after school in gymnastics time and of
course Josie's frustrated everybody
who's your gymnastics outfit yeah you
got to get ready for gymnastics oh
that's right at before yeah oh okay
these directs you daddy do your hair you
look beautiful did you miss mama no I
take my heart so I just told you guys I
went to the lady doctor today Sarah
routes
my signature joke you guys don't know
but that's been my job since forever
he is sleeping in the car so Sam is
during your baby class
kind of fight her as she stays in my bed
in the border
here in sat by myself you right here
like at one time
overall this was practicing
see her teachers being so patient with
her and she came up to me the lab last
time and some porn said there's somebody
could just really focus she would get to
move up in the class and so she's pretty
much the same in the
oh girl
what guides our battery died when the
kids went to gymnastics and then we
didn't get the blog DC but we had a
great time at GC we talked about
previous year and what we wanted to do
differently this year and basically it
boils down to being more missional more
intentional of helping others so when we
got home from GCC something extremely
memorable happened today with me
involving me and everyone got upset
because he was in trouble and he's
walking in the house and he was just so
angry he picked up his basketball said I
don't want this anymore
we just thought was the cutest thing we
were just watching him and as he's
walking in the door he opened up the
glass door and punched it with his fists
then he punched it and like that like
dirt hit this feeling in me like almost
you know mr. tears to my eyes because he
looked so big in that moment I couldn't
believe what I was seeing just wanted to
take guys about that for the record I
know after comment at the doing it goes
to Don young she makes a very valid
point here oh well when you said you
were freezing I couldn't help but notice
you had your ceiling fan on that you
have heat down there in Texas we do have
heat but I guess it was low and Nia woke
up but Nia likes to go to bitter with
the fan on I hate the fan do you guys
like sleeping with the fan on just
something about air blowing on my skin
as I'm trying to sleep that just
frustrates me especially when it's cold
out doesn't make any sense we'll catch
you guys tomorrow don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other
better make it shake it real good wake
up hot Wilk yeah shake it like a hot
wheel that's right
