oh don't go down with me hey before any
eggs my gosh
hey hey bruh come here buddy give me hug
Nikki can give me a hug bye bye hey be
careful daddy
guys watch snowboarding now let me know
boy boy fun you are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same heart
got to give
the world
in this together we are off to the pool
we're gonna go swimming and we're gonna
get in but before we get in the pulpit
we need a mini gift shop because I don't
have floaties for a broom and he would
be fine just sitting with me and I'm
showing but you know I feel better
easily it looks like there's no floaties
in here there's sunscreen doing there
well I don't know no either yeah it's
cool and these are only three dollars
whole deal
Wow look at this oh my goodness it is
gorgeous in here what in the world look
at this deep deep pool with the rocks
over there
over quick there's like a little
waterfall place over here too Oh what in
the heck is all of this come on I found
basic move to my second and final day of
snowboarding it's always hard to do just
two days of snowboarding because there's
always a little bit left in me with my
experience to undo it one more day
so it's going to be hard to only do it
two days today I'm going to explore the
other side of the mountain yesterday was
the frontside wow it is cold in here I
hope that water is really warm
oh yeah it's really warm it feels nice
you like it over here better Lucy ooh
doesn't it feel good in here so we came
to the hot tub
look we these little pulls over here
they are heated but it's still pretty
chilly yeah desert felt perfect he's in
the snow I'm in the heated tub over here
and his amazing and perfect what do you
think about this do you like this better
than being in the cold snow
what's this is Tim you can do it sister
I will help him how to kick how to pick
your mommy when you in whether you can
do it you silly goose
be careful honey
all right
what you put your mouth on that part
Cillian I just want to lift seven I'm
here I want to be up here I could chena
peak where the oxygen is low and a view
is unobscured so I need to go done
honeysuckle all the way down to four all
the way back up
oh he's trip made it to look for and I
met a doctor a retired doctor how
awesome is that he lives here must be
nicely reduce ski everyday no I keep
Monday Wednesdays and Fridays this week
is that what you do regular last week it
snowed 22 inches between Monday and
Tuesday I skied both those days nice and
a little bit when see but I was tired
this is a long lift so we got to know
each other a little bit where's it it's
been stopping periodically for unknown
reasons but I'm sure people are probably
falling off at the bottom I've done that
a couple times my board will get stuck
you know just like Lamey Lamey out on
the ground right in front of it right so
where's the top of Kachina is this no
it's right where that lift goes you know
that one okay so you just go right over
there that's it you go down and go up
that lift that's where I'm turning yet
you'll be on tomorrow at 5:00 oh man all
these mobiles oh man whoo we just
stopped and now we're rocking
I like when this happens way up here mom
I know sleepyhead this little boy is
asking for mommy cover me up in my bed
while we were in the pool that's when
you know it's time to go take some rests
follow sissy okay Dada bye yup honey is
so easily distracted come on let's go
get dried off first before we do
anything else while we wait for pizza
we're back in more water
there's messy you want your toothbrush
too yeah okay hold on alrighty still
waiting on our pizza and I'm about to
make the kids
really fun forms are like rest time
lunch time it's awesome Sheena peak do
it sad I don't even know a mountain
range I'm in I'm guessing the Rockies
but and don't know I feel who is here
girl girls
alright our day has been made made watch
out my sister let me grab the stuff um
orange soda bacon foodie yeah mommy got
a set hey girl thank you having your day
blessed day for Sadie my you get one
soda y'all get in already hey guys y'all
want your pizza yeah we'll turn it on
wow guys it's awesome I got to finish
getting this all set up so I can see you
guys under here hey don't kick me hey we
love it in here I chickened out guys I
was just looking down is it's just too
steep I just like it would take me
forever if I dig it down and I'd end up
sliding on my but maybe flipping I don't
know right it's leaping up sliding get
out of control I'm not gonna risk it I
got a family so this guy was nice enough
to stop it for me to get you
thanks guys good
would you get all right we got a carrot
we need some raisins can you get a
handful of raisins what can we be
needing a carrot and raisins for you
might have all right guys
Olaf time yes it is gonna be slippery
what is that Symphony when it can't see
who knows feet okay let me see
go get another when it's right in the
Sun he's gonna melt don't you touch it
booby Abram sissy's building all off
right there you can't touch it with your
feet yes ma'am say yes ma'am go play in
the snow
okay Olaf has a pretty good start to him
we don't have mitten so it's a little
difficult you can you get the next part
of his body hey maybe your be all up hi
Olaf now I need hey belly part oh yeah
right there get those dark little would
get those dark little wood chips right
there I think that he's about as Olofi
as he's gonna get you gonna put the
carrot on his nose it's okay let's just
do it push it in there uh-oh it may need
my help push Erard
oh oh man hold on I'll help you I can
fix it
about thirty minutes left
gotta make it count
alright sis I got the keratin you come
do the raisins does it look like Olaf a
little bit at least oh don't touch it
Bobby you're gonna knock it over
go play digging the snow oh one little
Olaf I think his eyes need to go up
above his nose honey like our eyes are
up here
like up there Abraham has been missing
his nap time for the most part on this
trip except little snippets here and
there in the car he is really affecting
him are you all done does he look like
Olaf which show the viewers there's our
Olaf guys do you think
Abram lick it all off he's all done he
has hair and everything
having some Mexican food with the locals
now we're dead popular Mexican food here
so we got to go wait in the tent oh by
the fire
tell the Carmen I want to wait by the
fire it's a little waiting room how
about that you want to come in
look I got my snowboard craving out of
my system because
wait is it okay no holes no good good
good
you
guys looks good thank you
I got some fish tacos and being
delicious are you like cheese nachos and
tiger
but you don't really
a little bit we're back from dinner
everyone's winding down the kids are in
there watching a movie I decided to let
Abram sleep with Symphony tonight we'll
see how it goes
so packing is underway I'm trying to get
everything put away but get our clothes
out for tomorrow cause we're trying to
get up early and really get going so we
can make it to our next destination at a
decent hour and I'll be driving home
late at night what we call manova Boone
yeah I can you comment on the day
comment of the day is gonna go to Tana
you're you're going sorry I totally
butchered that I know I did she said
it's weird when it's a family trip and
you both are doing different things and
I thought a lot of people might be
thinking that and so I wanted to kind of
address that and how we're doing this
family vacation so it's totally a family
vacation but we wanted to make sure and
fit in some things that Sam has been
wanting to do while we're headed to
other destinations so this worked out
perfectly and you know like I said I'm
totally not much of a snowy athletic
kind of girl anyways and he really
totally spoiled me with this hotel I
mean like look at this
antlers oh my gosh that's funny it's
tucked ripped out of my head
giant deep bathtub and there's like a
spa that indoor pools that you saw
earlier today it's amazing we went twice
today and so you don't really worked out
I mean I feel like I'm getting a little
bit of a getaway he's getting a little
bit of a getaway and we still have our
kids in the mix of all of it it's just
perfect as always guys don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
but then mister
