good morning fans basics ah good morning
Symphony - how are you - sweet
that's great good morning guys so today
is a very exciting day for our family
because we don't know what lies ahead
and when we don't know lies ahead that's
when life becomes exciting so today I'll
probably go on snowboarding and the kids
and Nia are gonna go build Olaf open
vessel by jahmai optical word breakfast
we're gonna figure out somewhere to go
here in a second just trying to get
everybody ready at the same time takes a
few hour stress good morning guys it's
so beautiful out here today I was
borderline dreading the cold I'm not a
cold lover but the rest of my family is
so I gotta suffer it's okay
one day we'll go to the Bahamas right go
Symphony also thinks it's warm she's
taking everything off Abram just loves
it I'm telling you this kid is a mini
Sam he was made for adventure and
vacation breakfast is here somewhere we
don't know where we're at the Farm
Bureau's Cafe how cute does that sound
oh oh oh we found an artist at work he's
painting an old truck
what a beautiful picture man doing is
our out in nature just for the fun of it
well that's debatable yes fun no it's
work too
this is the third time I've been to this
location to finish these two camps okay
so this is just from a different angle
yeah slightly that's from okay yeah that
one's from right here this one he's
trying to get both trucks in the shot
cool man well thanks for the chat
he said his theme is machinery out in
nature I was inspiring
first breakfast in New Mexico does
huevos rancheros that is amazing
have you tried it well I tried the
potatoes let's try to egg down this eggs
were grown on the trees right outside I
can't help but be a little bit nervous
guys I'm going out there on my own
never snowboarded on my own before April
but I'm more excited than nervous all
right we guess f1 try not to worry about
me I won't worry about you I'm not
you've done this flight for year all
right guys it's just mommy and baby time
we're going on a trip in our favorite
cocky cat got your legs ha ha ha let's
go or don't bother her here we go first
word of the day or first one of the year
we're headed to the kid center it only
took us like 20 minutes to get out of
the car I had to find our rain boots me
and Symphony wood we had a rainbow in
the car not on our feet I think at some
point in this little place that we're
going to we'll be able to play outside
and we'll see Sam as he comes down the
slope I don't know for sure but I know
when we were in Mammoth that's how it
was I have kids at the time but I was
pregnant with Symphony fun I know we
kind of sit at the bottom sometimes and
wait for Sam to come down the side six
weeks to 15 years old my avram come on
baby come on my little snow buggy
come on your snow monkey and your snow
bunny
did you get to ride a bus wanting to
ride one
oh you want a peach yeah our next stop
after kid Center is the sweet shop and
we're gonna get some coffee and truffles
oh no we had breakfast not too long ago
my hair oh no what do you mean it has
green in it yummy I love Alice ASSA
Jackie how's your truffle symphony how's
your lemon truffle amazing it's pretty
good huh
mmm deal on yours it's time to give me
this year bye
we're all kind of sharing and I got to
send him a fun one
okay we made it to the lift what here
yeah that's not a beer smell buddy come
on my little bunny and monkey we have to
find out get it buddy we have to find a
place for me to stop and give you your
gloves and stuff simply and Abram
already got into an area they weren't
supposed to and we're touching other
people's scales they're all kind of
parked over here and so I had to make
sure and lay down some rules for the
kids they love it out here it's okay
it's perfect weather like it's kind of
hot out here even
I just dropped you guys in the snow you
guys doing okay let's fix you up okay so
I was trying to be creative and think
okay make this a little more fun for the
kids just a little so we went inside and
got plastic spoons and Abram is
apparently now enjoying a homemade snow
cone are you eating the snow okay
there's daddy way up on the mountain oh
they were wanting to see you that's cool
they get to see you are you having fun
look real praise God for the mountain
and for the snow man what an amazing
time we have the snow's perfect to wear
this perfect almost gonna take off my
jacket just fine hot out here
it's cold once you're going down but oh
man it's been incredible I can't wait to
do it tomorrow and get some like real
video I'm taking my SLR out there and do
some cool stuff
I'm a big boy my big boy
I just realized guys I was looking
forward to tomorrow and I was the thing
I was working on being fully present and
then I go vlogging and being excited
about tomorrow I'm excited about right
now and you know with lunar I was
thinking too any time we've ever gone to
the snow together I don't snowboard I've
been pregnant every time and I was just
thinking like I don't even care us is
just as nice to me I could just say a
beautiful thing to do yeah just she just
still what they call this hand takes a
few days you never get to see this kind
of stuff I could I got a coffee ball go
and I was just sitting here just like in
awe while the kids were playing like
don't even care if I'm snowboarding sure
the coffee was down here I'm not letting
this is actually this is the way for me
to begin the snow cool it will be back
in spring I shouldn't say a word could
you maybe go like on that little hill
right there and like let the kids stand
on your board and go down it with them
the bunny hill yeah that little bit
Wow put your feet down
mommy did it get it food
Oh unless you get a boy you look like a
little yeah you say you don't want to
deal with daddy why not why not this kid
I'm not I mean are you being the chicken
aqui a cheeky that's okay mommy's not
too into this stuff either I understand
daddy's good at that came all this way
to get a really good shot of this with
us the position of the Sun is casting a
shadow cross it and I can't really
capture it very well but that is the
fifth tallest bridge in the world Rio
Grande
suppose the so call I think we two walk
across it ah if you don't walk across
this bridge you know never walk the
bridge now you have
just wanted to come oh you don't take
away with that all right cool thank you
what are you used for your stool oh that
right there I pillowcase
oh my god oh gotta get this out what
yeah what's this whoa
Abrams all clean sissies all clean
mommies all clean he asked me to get
this bed that really happened recent
card that he just asks for badly and I'm
on dirty is that your yellow corner
everyone's got good lighting over the
bed slick a little angel lit up speaking
of pretty lighting guys look at this
beautiful painting
look at that yeah gorgeous man it's
really romantic but just like the
lighting just beautiful and it's amazing
awesome detail did this come along with
this today guys it was awesome so
excited for another full day tomorrow's
a full day of snowboarding today was
just a half day and then while I'm
snowboarding Mia will be taking going
out with the kids they do have plans
with the kids tomorrow they have an
amazing pool here guys that spa here he
has to probably have a lot of fun with
them and we'll probably end up doing
something else when I come home so
comment of the day goes to Brooke
Shackleton because she cleared something
up I guess that sometimes a Behrman has
to let out a little anger scream it's
true sometimes he has to scream so he
got a lot for me that he has to let out
you know he's sitting in the seat if he
needs a screen in the car then we won't
let him scream and if that's all he
needs to do in order for him to be happy
for the next I don't know however long
then yeah so be it that's why we allowed
him to scream anyway guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget as always we love
you and remember to love each other
