you have to lick the opener off and then
take it out and seal it in the morning
good morning guys
we don't have very many options today
because it is freezing and wet outside
so I think I'm just gonna take the kids
to the Bubble Bobble and we're just
gonna play some board games there you
have a coffee Symphony just make clear
that we're gonna have a treat to Joe
shoots because the dough chips or just
so yummy
everything's go to the car okay let's do
this guy's
do you got soap bubbles that's too tight
all right I'll loosen it up for you bill
no here sis a funky a puppy kid pie a
puppy kid Park that sounds like a really
good idea we should make one those in
real life for all the puppies and kids
can go
that'd be cute Park to go to mmm named
on Dale a dark Park and humans could
come in into off the big locks to waste
more time before nap what time is it
anyway
I can't open it yet but we'll open it at
home okay mister look at this cool
foosball coffee table that's like
inviting playtime inviting interaction
they're right here I'm trying to get out
of the habit of not waiting all the time
just standing enjoying looking and not
have the feeling of waiting for
something else to happen I have a
tendency to just want to fret or worry
about the future worried about my
success worry about failures instead of
just
enjoying the moment or being present
being fully present and not thinking
about the future up a lot of problem
with that I think a lot of people do I
think it's the American Way to be busy
because you're always thinking about
what to do next
instead of thinking about what you're
going in this very morning and it's nice
when you just it's kind of a type of
meditation you just make it a conscious
choice to not wait to enjoy the moment
and I'm trying to do that with my kids I
know I'm vlogging right now but I'm
trying to just watch them and enjoy them
enjoy their innocence and not think
about what I should be doing instead or
what I need to be doing right afterwards
where'd you go guys
there he is hey sue D hey I still put
image to GoPro if you want enough as a
picture of you climbing up inside of
this thing you are see you
it's so natural for me to go there
especially when I'm with the kids
because I feel like there's something
more productive I could be doing well
you know this is what God put me he put
me right here in this moment with my
kids and my camera so I'm going to try
to make the best of it do what I can to
be in the present moment and not
thinking about the future of which I
have to sleep no control
the higher
somebody's here I don't know who is it
she's not done cleaning your room do you
want to see your box
yes can I get a hug peace from both of
you oh you're ready see your box buddy
hey Aunt Rachel made that for you that's
so cool
what does that say what does it say
that's cool
every you put your cars in there put
them in the box
Rinda because the lik this is the loo
there you go
my heart yeah we're gonna have a little
boy date well they have a girl's I doubt
I was really hoping to take the kids out
tonight for national foes and you over
today I was going to take my sweet frog
they're having a promotion buy one get
one free but I didn't want to get in the
way of their girls night out next year
we definitely will not be missing this
day buy one get one free yogurt can't be
bad so instead we're just gonna go to
sweet frogs ready you want frozen yogurt
it's national frozen yogurt day nice
we're out of the road we're out of the
road let go
oh whoa buddy man eat it off
or your own cupcake I've got a semi
healthy one here this is pomegranate
raspberry with kiwi and mango and
vanilla bean with mixed peanuts graham
crackers and honey mmm hmm hmm I think
Nia would be proud
this is the first time apron on vindaloo
frogs together having fun with Daddy
you guys are looking for a good flavor
yogurt dude
excuse me let them in your hair
you got some in your hair there got it
you haven't got your hat on mister there
we go oh you know where I got cool -
good night sweet Prague nice knowing ya
first thing a bird does when we get home
he grabs his little treasure box
literally at the door he's like seed my
treasure box Rachel made me you are so
cute guy do you love your treasure box
yeah yeah yeah you know he kind of
unglued something here which brings me
to comment of the day comes from Christa
show coming up today oh I love you too
little guy these little hands it's a
random cut from Christa show the
clickbait was true exclamation
exclamation exclamation they're so
innocent I died laughing I hope you guys
had a great natural frozen yogurt day
I'm kind of sad need to make it out with
us today but she's gonna tell you guys
all about her retreat tomorrow or her
conference or whatever you're gonna call
it and I tell then we'll see it don't
forget as always we love you and
remember the love of children
