flashing and understeer you are
is
by the same guy loved by the same heart
we've got
in this together good morning everyone
today is retreat day the women from our
GC are doing a retreat tonight and so
I'm starting to prepare for that now
I've got some food cooking over here and
over here I'm getting some food ready
for the family since I'm going to be
going tonight now let me just tell you
guys my life just got so much easier
crock pot you know the original slow
cooker has this new thing you can order
online and they send you like boxes of
food to your door they come in these
nice little boxes and just pop them in
the freezer when you know you're going
to cook a meal you pull it out of the
freezer put it in the crock pot turn the
crock pot on and then a few hours later
you're ready to eat is so awesome guys
and here's the bags it's the meat and
the veggies in here more veggies and
seasonings in here
we tried out one of the crock pot
cuisine yesterday Matthew and a friend
came over for dinner and it was very
last minute not like man I don't have
anything to feed everyone cooked it on
low for eight hours it was chilly and it
was delicious and I was like okay I'm
just gonna trust it and it turned out
really really good stir it up ready to
go and for you guys our fan basic there
will be a link in the description for
you to go check out the crock-pot
cuisine 25% coupon code for your first
meal and if you go and comment on what
looks like would be your favorite
cuisine to make for your family and sign
it fan basic you'll be entered or
drawing to win a free crock-pot how cool
is that an actual crock-pot crock-pot
not some random slow cooker I think
that's so cool I hope you guys go and do
it and I hope some of you busy mamas and
daddies out there really get the benefit
of this I look I want eight hours which
will cook it on low and that's what you
guys will be entered for free good
morning guys how are you I'm gonna go
for a run this morning it's a beautiful
day and I'm trying to get my run-ins in
the morning instead of in the middle of
the day like I've been doing and then I
got to cut some wood for Nia for her
retreat tonight she needs some kind of
blocks
I recently learned something about
myself I have a very particular
biological if anyway I very from it like
if I go to bed late or sleep too long
alright don't sleep enough I'll wake up
very interested in or ruin the first
several hours of my morning and I'll
just watch and go to waste since I
learned that about myself decided to
fight against that put a fight up
against that biological clock because I
don't want that to beat me up every
morning that's what I feel like I've
been letting it do for so many years
just let it conquer me just give in to
it like this morning I decided with
Nia's encouragement which always helps
so much to just get out and go for a job
because I always feel ten times better
you can't always get the sleep that you
need especially with kids it's a hard
fight but I determined this fight
against my biological clock so let's do
this let's do it right now Sonia wants
me to cut some blocks out that'll fit
these decals it's a pretty big block
that's bigger than a 2x4 I know how
expect me to do this blessings that fits
on there she wants me to make 17 to 20
of them
I do what I can and I asked to in
questions
let's get to cotton
there's 13
well that's a wrap
it turned out pretty good good enough
right
she said BOM blocks like this a Hobby
Lobby or something cause like ten bucks
a piece
it probably cost me less than five bucks
or actually a string cuz this was all
just scrap wood laying around hope she
likes him I love them they're so awesome
do you think that's gonna be clear and
you take it off I hope so
it's clear you can tell cuz there's like
a bubble behind that one okay I love
this one's not gonna fit on there and
that's the thickest I can make them
that's fine I'm Hobby Lobby has these um
on clearance right now I think I might
go get another package cool how you
gonna stick them on there we're gonna
maje it we're gonna go mommy
scrapbook paper on on this Majin it and
then we're gonna get the sticker and put
it on and then march over everything
that is so good I love it
thank you so like rounded and pretty oh
yeah I rather them for you thank you
made my day felt a little bit having a
little flaw today okay even just woke up
from his nap and I got him a little
surprise as you can see I got him a
little that he doesn't have any caps
he's always wanted to wear mine so I got
him his own high broom
is your favorite you're seeing it yet
the Headroom a from a be I'm trying it
from let me help you you need to open it
we try up there goes uh whoa I just need
to make a little bit tighter everybody
think of my shirt yeah cuz I'm a nurse
and so is baymax teamloli mommy's not
here mommy with the church it's just us
tonight guys it's just the three of us
all right can we that I like daddy
famous Chuck you do do you like your
baby's hat yes I love it you are sick
yeah
who do you got there buddy can I see you
boo yeah here here oh you know pump oozy
pumpkin seeds
I love funky they're good
Aaron do you like them you you or you
but whoever said I can't cook now what
Brussels sprouts for everybody going
along with the crockpot meal nian a pike
out in there yeah hey broom juice is
right there that's your fork
give that back the sissy Abram you have
your pork break poor little guys crank
yellow said you wanna use sissy's fourth
can you just use your for one time he
went to trade oh thank you sissy this
kid we're fighting on report sissy don't
like tango yeah I love them do you like
is it good I tried them before you like
these ones though they're different
flavor Abram that's not how you say fork
let's say Fork say Fork what symphony
stop really that's a bad word what does
that mean it's a bad words each don't
say it okay daddy what that mean mmm-hmm
it doesn't matter it's a very bad word
we don't say that we say Fork look hey
mmm fork laughs careful
what did Abram what is this it's a fork
say fork
dad don't shoot your eye out with the
fork okay that's not good that's a happy
ending or have you ever met fine no bad
hi I'm Samuel nice to meet you what Hey
ha oh that that was from that time it's
not use this somebody said this is
making people's lips break out huh thank
you whoever sent that to us after
afternoon but the tolls of the yells
chapstick is breaking out kids faces
who's ready for comment of the day goes
to Katelyn raku de when that bag popped
up 5:30 I got so scared myself that I
dropped my phone haha thanks for the
laughs you know it's so dumb it scared
me like three times I was editing it
there's just something that was just
like startling about nothing popping out
of the bag oh I'm just very thankful
that they go off while she's holding
against her ear that could have been
catastrophic I will see you tomorrow
don't forget as always we love you and
remember to love each other
Hey
but they missed
he shouts
like this like that that looks
ridiculous on now I've got you
