good morning guys what are all these
cameras in the kitchen doing I'm making
another news nest video Abram and daddy
are feeding Feldberg
he won't eat it he gets to be free today
that's kind of close it be gentle it's
glass good job buddy
he has a remember I caught some bird
action the other day I'm gonna try to
capture some squirrel action look I got
squirrel food you want one don't you hey
it's for the squirrels me and come
around here a lot yeah I said it right
here guys see what we can get all that
why you giving now we'll get in first
oh man I'm sorry I'm very edgy it's okay
dad pick him up God made dirt dirt don't
hurt right that's what I always said
you're gonna eat it you actually gonna
hold this thing to school huh yeah Wow I
probably should has made too bad I
didn't have that much well why don't you
put it in a like a picture because my
the boss on the top are so cute people
usually make the punch at the location
but she wanted to make a video of her
missing me which we did these class
parties and school functions and all of
that but it looks like it's gonna
transport fairly easy it's just in the
car along I think Sam got towels and
roughing all the straws ready I have to
put these on the straws you guys are so
sweet symphony' little friends can come
out of their classroom likes to make
punch did you make love hunt wow it
looks so pretty like you can tell that
she's been talking about it but if I'm
mommy heart melt like she's proud of her
mom for making punch I'm gonna cry are
you proud of the punch baby does it look
pretty I think I know the drive over
here made it kind of melty but it still
looks kind of cool and there's pineapple
and there see how pretty well like
pretty but I don't stir it too much
because that makes ice cream melt even
more okay let's go for the picnic
symphonie this is fun do you ever eat
lunch ever
we never do it's special for Valentine's
Day
alright go go go go in there walk a
straight line you got this
pick up gimme five good job
- horses
Oh
Oh me and Symphony came to the doctor's
office after her party to drop off
yesterday's to drop off yesterday day oh
you know what my urine my 24-hour urine
sample you gross it's called whoa you're
strong thank you
she loves coming to the baby doctor with
Mama good riddance one smack the pack to
watch and wait three see the surprise
smack the pack not that you gotta like
really soon smack it like boom wait yeah
me to whack it what's the surprise for
maybe she'll to take it out of there and
then smack it no I'll let put it by ear
crazy
all right you're back ever watching the
surprise for every move surprise
leave it that scare you but your
favorite ruler is that Cupid's moustache
Marlon celebrating Valentine's like 10
days before the actual day Oh she'll
break now yeah
but I think you put upside down what is
he like this yes now put it on yeah keep
going guys you know how it goes stick
well yeah it doesn't fit the other way
is that how it goes
Victor I saw Carson wearing me parts
simply ready go on a scavenger hunt with
me Falco was trying to scratch out of
his cage today and I had the bright idea
of letting him out in her house and now
I can't find him our house is a mansion
compare two methods one-bedroom
apartment so yeah and Matt that's coming
over tonight to come pick her up second
here is this is he/she in the pantry I
don't know snacky in the pantry maybe I
don't see her in there absolute place to
look the shoes she's missing nothing
there
the flashlight that's on Abrams
windowsill and I look underneath the
couches
oh it's a nasty in there under there now
man we need some clean done here around
here keep the careful walk around cuz
Falkor kind of blends in with our wood
floor I don't want to accidentally step
on her if I step on her nuts oh it's
over that's it good just turn the light
on cutie you're looking on the ceiling
does she climb on ceilings I don't know
good job sweetie not assuming anything
she in her oh there she scared me too
scared me what are you doing in there
South Park maybe that's why Ethan
couldn't get it good now you think he
heard her in southern his closet yeah I
I actually did hear something when I
came to get the flashlight in here
what'd you hear well I heard like kinda
like a tap tap tap to room mm-hmm
hmm it's okay shh shh I got you Shh okay
there you go Falkor Matthews not gonna
be happy about her cage would give her a
lot of salad let's get her some more did
you see them nuts in the yard well I was
trying to get some footage of squirrels
I don't think anything amber showed up I
think they're more active in the morning
so in the morning I cam back out here
again to Vegas and butter so come back
tomorrow tomorrow's vlog guys if you
want to see some awesome squirrel action
peanut butter and almond squirrel action
that is why you get down there and eat
like a squirrel would do it like peanut
butter well chase is looking better
you're the third lip is going down
slowly
the baby's kicking abran mommy's baby's
kicking oh my gosh she started kicking
but even yeah right here I just saw a
little little thing pup with my my belly
shake right there good how's she kicking
her yeah you see it
no no concern you can see it from my
angle this is barely like a flutter oh
yeah I see it
like right there that's where it's
happening it's just not happening just
yet
first I guess mm-hmm then just have oh I
saw oh she can't this is your kid right
there
she kicked the first time I saw moving
this yeah it's just now starting to
happen the movement where you can see it
on outside up until like last week you
could just I could feel it because he
ate oh I think you're right Jojo she
does want to go she here restless cuz
mommy just had a coffee
oh yeah had a coffee late at night I
have to work on race tonight good baby
baby Zoey the baby's showing my what a
baby
Pippa poopoo Oh daddy not mommy doing
Mia I'm good when they poop or pee pee
yes they eat it what mommy told you that
yeah oh yeah yeah when they're in the
sack he thrown poop don't they like just
keep drinking today goes through their
body the baby does drink her own urine
with the amniotic fluid which doesn't
actually sometimes like poop before the
born is called amniotic stain or
meconium stained and meiotic fluid and
that can cause issues because they could
breathe it in if they poop before
actually coming out one update about the
baby though when I had my sonogram last
and her tummy was weighing a little bit
bigger than the rest of her body
in fact almost an entire week bigger the
sonographer and the doctor said it's
absolutely nothing to be worried about
and I mean the sonographer wouldn't even
share what could be a concern and so I
didn't google it or anything but um so
she's measuring 20 when I went to the
doctor she was measuring 21 almost 22
weeks and the tummy was measuring 22
weeks almost 23 weeks so it was about 6
day different but they say there's
nothing to worry about so I'm not
worried about it they said to put it
nicely she's just very extra healthy
like she's got a little chub on her and
that kind of cute like I wonder that's
gonna have anything to do with her
personality like Abram had it
building everyone's asleep the house is
quiet and I'm gonna get to work back
here my goal for tonight is to finish up
for reeks
I wanted to do comment of the day and
I've been having something on my mind
lately and I felt like I wanted to share
and it was went perfect with this
person's comment grace Nichols
she said Nia that wreath is gorgeous I
wish I was I wish I were as talented as
you are
first of all grace thank you I do feel
really proud of that wreath but I wanted
to address the second part of her
comment where she said I wish I was
talented as you are if you're feeling
like you want to be crafty or you're
nervous to like take that plunge and and
start a business or or even like just
start something small that you that you
just do in your own community just
whatever it is I just I challenge you I
encourage you to just try it out you
don't have to be talented I mean I'm
really not artistic so I just wanted to
leave you guys with those words and just
to let you know that I'm here for you
I've had conversations with some of you
guys or ladies out there who have
started at home businesses some for
wreaths some for hair bows some for I
don't know baby clothes just random
little things and maybe soon all sit
down and do like a Q&A video on like
stay at home mommy crafty business
anyways guys as always don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
make it
but then mister
what a mess
