morning fan basic the morning applying
kid
oh wait daddy didn't lock the doors
that's mom eating neither daddy thing oh
you can sing me a song
fine I'm gonna walk your class please
well then resuscitate my phone thank you
okay yeah
you forgot your bag there's your
homework in it this more pain oh man I
don't do a good job of fixing my hair
said I did not okay
Oh God you woke up around 6:00 a.m.
whoa really surprised oh yeah bro what's
up man pulled out here
are you get it
like that
keep and I always have this like fear
that people would come sit right next to
us we're going to Starbucks and it
happened and happened she just came into
that with my video - she just sent out
so awkward we just talked about pretty
personal stuff I like your outfit
we're mommy no we're sister are you
sister-in-law it's good to be home but I
always love meeting with youth today we
talked about deeds you know are we doing
our deeds because we're in Christ are we
doing our deeds so we can be in Christ
we've discussed a lot about that today
hello na put your towel on dirty you
just get all clean do your best you dick
yep but there's still water in it it's
still leaking our hot water heater is
leaking and it smells a little the post
connection I don't like that that make
me feel nervous yeah that's what I was
gonna do get a hose and hook up to it oh
no oh no are you daddy's helper no oh
man oh man guys leave this this is not
looking do it look at this thing to get
just suddenly cracked off
hello
the floors going to be flooded in an
hour like I need help getting this
string because I don't have a I don't
have a pan under your first moves here
it didn't pass an inspection because it
didn't have a tray in here a drip pan
didn't have a drip pan around it he was
calling to man my water heater is
leaking I'm kind of an emergency
situation here I don't have time to
chitchat what's up brother
no man came to pick up those of you have
been around long enough know that Sam is
going to try to do it himself
remember the sink Fiasco did a really
good job after I can't argue I'm a
pretty good color when they look at that
job yeah I mean you're a good fix-it man
that's for sure yeah what's that
herself to hold on the door I didn't run
away
oh hey who's doing bye guys well don't
worry guys I decided not to do it myself
I'm living it up to the professionals
how did we catch you guys his name what
you ain't yes
what a mess such a surprise expense for
us walking back to go take my nap and
the water heaters hissing he's like
gnats today Sammy
there goes go 16 year old water heater
did his job she did good it's time to go
now
you guys just sweep it out oh ma you
guys are fast
is that a 50 or 40 we're going so fast
this loot we up ready to go then Oh cuz
you got the room
I think huge sorry for the rough look
today guys our hot water heater things
going on and haven't been able to shower
what do you mean it is I was about to
take a shower yesterday you guys saw me
painting the base of my wreath and I
kind of explained what I was going to do
and so I thought today I would show you
the finished product I'm all done with
it isn't that so pretty for the spring
it has about quadruple the amount of
flowers from what I normally would use I
mean it was just it's like really
decadent in person and really like lush
and full like look how deep those layers
go these little stragglers hanging off I
like to pick those off I try to leave
the flowers where they can be like
worked around by the owner so whoever
buys them will be able to kind of like
take the flowers and like move them
around the way they want like this is
how I want it but they could like you
know maneuver the flowers here maybe one
day we got hot water you will hear
pretty soon awesome
listen is that a digital water heater
yeah look at that
that's fancy schmancy time to get
symphony I'm walking up to get her today
because the lines are outrageous she's
back and she's got what do you have
today wait we got to UM do something
with food color food and milk
we put dr. food coloring and we put soap
in it and then make it huge swirly in
the bowl keep'em is still sleeping
are you pretending yeah get up I'm gonna
copy
hey babe make some doggie what's the
lady's doing we are getting ready to
make simple easy a valentine holder for
tomorrow I would really like it like
that just like that okay so now we're
gonna staple it ready okay so now we're
gonna take our plate and we're gonna
staple all around the edges like it's
gonna look like that you're gonna staple
all around the edges like yeah well now
it's time for our Valentine Valentine
pie yeah
and then we put our decals onto colored
paper of Symphony's choice we're gonna
cut them out right on them and close
them I'm just having too much fun over
here symphony has gone off to get some
languages for us bro mmm what I want
tastes so good Dan's making dinner
tonight
sweet potatoes can make sweet potato
fries yeah Oh Sam please we're having
chicken sandwiches look please I'm like
honey what should I do with these these
paddies
she said sear them on the stove I'm like
what's here y'all got a Sears right now
she's like I don't know what that is
just heat them up on them so then she's
right and this you want me to cook these
potatoes and it says roast I'm like
honey what is roast me I don't know how
to roast fries how do you roast fries
anyway confusing their time right now I
wish we can have you over for dinner I
really do
our house was bigger we didn't light you
guys over but since we can't have you
over it's just not very logical for a
small house and our tiny dining room
table we're going to have you long by
filming if that's okay with you guys
that will work if or when I don't know
we get a bigger house well definitely
invite some you guys over for dinner
fun but Nia will cook don't worry I'll
be cooking Wow Joe you make my heart
glow anything being left hand cigars in
is pretty simple tonight these are okay
I'm just making these chicken burgers we
got these patties chicken patties at
Costco cut up a tomato and mayonnaise
gonna bond dinner served honey thank you
like all right I want to remember thank
you dear you did perfect that's great
I think I might put a little bit too
much oil on these sweet potato fries but
man they are good he has mercy the new
water heater isn't it beautiful look at
it just look at it take a close look at
that yeah life it's very yours yeah
living mine you can have it you can have
the water heaters all yours you want me
to put it in your room that you giving
me okay no forget my big jerky okay I'll
put it on your teddy bear chair yeah nah
I just could start this thing all day
long so beautiful I'm gonna get Superman
I'm gonna get the Superman super Cisco
get her hair brush shortly Symphony
Symphony where are you know she must be
ended
I hope but there's a backpack under
there seven huh
she must be in the closet Symphony I
know you're in there
come out right now with your hands up
Symphony I'm talking to you you were
there the whole time so hard for you to
find me baguettes because I'm sleeping
near the ceiling some chaps you can't
stop licking your lip stop looking at
please stop licking it oh three lips the
common today goes to everybody not
everybody but everybody mentioned the
keys a lot of good suggestions guys we
have a major key issue on our hands I
just want explain it to you real quick
we can't find somebody who could to cut
our key for us because Home Depot
doesn't cut those kind of keys
nor does Walmart it's a Honda key and
they both stay away from it everybody's
suggesting a blacks locksmith not a
blacksmith or hunting dealership we just
have had time to go to either one of
those but we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and don't
forget to like my third with
but then this
