so everybody's gone and we are waiting
around for roadside assistance again
this has become a part of our life
right honey what we're becoming
professionals that you know waiting for
roadside assistance what you say you are
my sister made by the same guy loved by
the same
to give love
in this together come on a firm basic
say hello Abram hey no just say hello
that's a nice day hey Adam all right
that'll work as you guys can see right
behind me we have a Lowell box do you
guys know what Lowell is it's not a mini
fridge don't let the size of box folia
inside of that little box contains a
queen-size mattress so very special
thanks to lo for sending this to us at a
very perfect time for Annie and I both
lately speak for myself I've been waking
up with a lot of neck pains and I'm
hoping that this will solve that issue
I'm pretty sure it's our mattress but
replaced it and quite a long time so if
you guys are interested you guys are
fanbase that will get $50 discount it'll
be in the description box what's awesome
about this is it's cheaper than most of
your phone based mattresses and what I
like about low is that they send it free
to your doorstep that is awesome because
one of the things I hate most about
shopping for mattress is trying to
figure out a way to get it to the house
I don't have a truck you got to find a
friend of the truck which we had to do
last time we bought a mattress and I was
kind of frustrating Abram and I are
gonna get this in the house before Nia
gets home inflate it you got it buddy
you got it yeah yeah yeah it is kind of
heavy that's why we're gonna do it
together
pound it boom hello when they take away
yeah yeah babe X is that do it myself
well coming up me can't really jump on
this one dude man that looks nice Oh
buddy yeah that's me is it comfy yeah
can you dress my pillow yeah he's about
to receive the best welcoming home of
the week you ready to try our new
mattress I'm ready
let's go I've been up since like the
crack of dawn before the crack of dawn
it was dark still nighttime when I woke
up this morning so this is nice
ooh looks a little different
Oh best part about the skies when you
order it you get a hundred days to try
it and if you don't like it within that
hundred days they'll send somebody to
your house and give you a full refund
and take the metro so for me I love it
especially because I'm pregnant I feel
like I'm being but like really supported
in here
no no I'm not wobbling around like I
feel like I would on wobbly yeah it
seems like when you're on memory foam
you kind of just kind of like sink in
you know and then you're stuck but I
don't feel stuck like if I turn over
here I don't know I just feel good it
feels really nice cool all right have a
good nap you good night
Abram did you miss mommy yes do you want
to go with me to sissy school and play
with her in a minute yeah you're gonna
stay with Daddy again no you're gonna go
with mommy and play with sissy outside
her school yes guys today has just been
errand after and after errand I have
been a stay-at-home mom for three and a
half years and today I got it before
everyone and I went to Hobby Lobby to
get all of my supplies and then I went
to Costco and got we needed from there
went to Symphony school and worked and
then I went grocery shopping it was just
like bam bam bam okay and I show what oh
gosh so I did go to Costco yeah I know
cuz yeah okay you could go next okay
and there told Sam rolls like I feel
like a working girl again it's been a
while since I've been up before everyone
just been out doing my thing working you
know I'm just getting things done for
the house and which one are you putting
in right now Liz good job babe can you
come help me can you carry that for me
little bitty boy oh wow
mommy has to do this buddy okay the top
is all painted and later I'm going to be
adding a big cluster of flowers to one
side of it it's really simple and basic
and practically what I'm already doing
with my other reads but I spray painted
it white your face Abram really lucky
yeah we've been trying so many different
things on this guy's face his face looks
so bad
after nap yesterday when I put the
antifungal on it that I didn't put it on
at last Mountain for bed I'll put
Neosporin on and it looks better this
morning I'll put it on before his nap we
got to be consistent with whatever one
Cheers
papers been eating raisins lately what
are they raising now agent Ruiz
blueberries I thought there are grapes
that sat in the Sun for a long time
blueberries all right if you guys want
your kids eat healthy there's a very
simple fix to it with me and I've been
doing just replacing everything with
healthy snacks they don't have a choice
now a help because we simply goes on the
list of something all she has defined as
healthy snacks yeah like today she had
yogurt what else
red berries what else raisins
what else did you have any walls or
anything today no and on that note we're
all off to go eat very unhealthy right
now
goodnight pizza well you have to feed
our kids pizza they need dinner help
acute Symphony I have a job for you
tonight
I need you to monitor daddy and let us
all know if he eats pizza and I am going
to a restaurant with the women from our
church to celebrate shell last day ever
of chemo we made it but the guest of
honor is missing middle this is what the
guys are hanging out tonight right here
on the kids our party have started yep
so but I don't think so quite all in a
boat how do you see that that's not
awesome oh wait you it no hit me again
like everyone I can cry and they were
consoling he's very sensitive of his
pizza whoa leave your pizza long are you
want some soda oh I'm away at the other
end from Shelvin there's
opening a serial evil
ever ever ever
simulation that we have to pray we're
getting into circle I don't really know
if other people were covering afraid a
circle the rule of the night
so already time to go those fast I was
in the water hangout time was it I
thought that girls are gonna be all
night washing your body
did you wash you good leave it you have
to turn the water on first well we're
stuck here at the church another
horrible place to be stuck out because
of this young lady right here miss I
have a broom in my hand I'm not sitting
around anymore she locked the keys in
the car
so everybody's gone and we are waiting
around for roadside assistance again
this has become a part of our life so
it's nothing really new for us we know
how to handle it right honey what we're
becoming professionals that you know
waiting for roadside assistance what you
say you have a limit of how many times I
know it's like 120 dollar limit I think
we probably exceeded the limit we'll see
what happens
he made it it's a nice little light you
got there
it's not the same guy but his name is
Michael is that interesting the first
guy was Samuel second guy's Michael yeah
the first guy that came with Samuel this
isn't out already but weird locked
ourselves out was it kid is real every
friend of like yes yep that's acolyte Oh
face it to mr. Michael issue how are you
is my today has been a super long day
for me
oh my goodness it started way way early
like I already told you guys before the
Sun even came up which I'm kind of not
used to that I've been a little spoiled
lately and I've just made me on the go
go go go I've been ran errands worked at
symphony school came home ate some lunch
grabbed a broom went back worked at
Symphony schools more came home took a
shower went out tonight lock the keys in
the car and I'm finally home and now
I've got this powerful laundry we just
got the kids down and I'm just like I'm
still like going going going but I'm
really excited to crawl into our new
mattress I'm kind of like already in it
but I'm not laying down on nestled in
there I cannot wait I feel like after a
long day this is the most perfect day to
sleep in a new mattress anyways so I
wanted to do comment of the day and I
chose Cali baby mama and she said okay
we had to watch the beginning with the
birds like six times because my daughter
loved it and kept saying more and more
and I noticed that a lot of you were
commenting about the birds and I thought
that was just a really cool reminder
that we can find simple pleasures and
just the nature outside our beautiful
nature that we have been given like we
have those birds here for no other
reason than like God put them here
they're beautiful creatures for us to
look at and enjoy and for them to just
be a part of our world with us and I
just thought all the comments talking
about the birds tonight was just such a
cute little reminder that we don't have
to always have our phones or our be with
somebody or be watching something we can
just go outside and look at the nature
and it's actually really enjoyable so
much so that you could watch it six
times in a row
make sure and come back tomorrow it's
still going to be fun and we will see
you then
as always guys don't forget
