you are my brother you are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same heart
we've got to live
got to give
well
in this together hey guys late start to
our day today but better late than never
right
Abram got sick of this morning and so we
just did not get into the vlogging mode
we had a huge mess to clean up while we
were out and so anyways Symphony just
get home from school hey babe and we
have a guest
hey buddy wait oh bearded dragon we got
a ping okay we're pet-sitting for
Matthew are you feeling Bubbe
yeah fun got my gue let's just put it on
the plate actually close call the kids
get a little after school play sandy and
I are hole punching our Valentines for
the class party oh she got one looks
beautiful he's gonna haha
Oh sucker happy Valentine's Day and he's
gonna be holding a little sucker that is
such a cute idea
hence URIs interest I didn't realize I
got stickers I needed like cards so I'm
just gonna cut them out and leave the
backing to it and I'm gonna hole punch
both sides and it's gonna have a glow
stick through this is you make my heart
glow I'm going to use glow chalk okay -
time what says re put your beautiful
little chin Oh gonna go first okay step
one got it very safe put your chin right
there you got to click that bar three
times ready 1 oh you gotta buy in the
face all you do is go 5 days he is not a
fan
sorry I'm an economist you put your face
in it and you're gonna click it four
times
Wow here let's get a washcloth don't cry
shake it off alright happy so you got to
go one two this place is so funny
okay camis over for the fun yeah so
she's gonna click it three times you
gotta put your chin right into my Oh
down this plane I like it down one zero
okay let's spin it for a second okay hey
why okay you got fired bro just in
there he's like home for your chin
Symphony Symphony Symphony wait you're
gonna it's okay give your doggy a tri
y'all gonna take a turn huh go ahead go
ahead buddy they like gave your dog a
try you ready hey what you got home he's
so sensitive
oh you wanna put the bottom there
Briscoe he's had a rough day
give him one turn yay give him hug say
good job doggie
here we go good job for you Hey Oh
record is feeling so bad that Kimi
got to tell
wait give her a clean one give her a
clean one yay kami you got it okay me
and saying he decided to like she's
gonna do one click and I'm gonna do one
all right all right your turn go ahead
eat it so cute did you play I Sam lost
or shall we say one at the Russian
Roulette
adult version of the game we totally set
him up cleaner della my name outfit but
you look so cute nerdy princess Elsa
you look beautiful actually can you help
me bathe talk where I need you to carry
him to the sink that's not how you do it
ready can you teach me how do you do it
guys asleep I don't think he's dead Nia
you competi my room yeah yeah so a mommy
cruise dinner I'm gonna start a baskets
out for when you put them in warm water
and they can have a bowel movement
in the bathtub and will happen in the
future
I don't can really try yeah and he
doesn't do it we'll have to try the
bathtub he's nervous too I don't have
his tells up that means ready poop let
me just just suddenly stiff head on yeah
well he's not pooping I guess maybe
Symphony was right we do need to put it
in the tub is that what it is says all
right well let's get the vet to ready
yeah was that that was about we're
talking uncle Glenn I was oh my gosh oh
my gosh he's gonna go in the bathtub
buddy
don't be scared daddy's got it it's a
little ninja turtle
hey mom you're safe with daddy and mommy
you guys can't tell Annie and I weren't
home when Matthew came over and gave
symfony instructions on how to take care
of his dragon where were we
on a date oh we were on a date that
night playing bingo kick how longs it
take for you to go poop I don't know he
pooped he pooped he pooped dear how much
he's supposed to go oh you laid
something else too I don't know what I'm
looking at here oh is that a baby fell
or what was your high point what made
you happy today
please lovesick Oh those your low point
mm threw up terribly in the car today
what was your high point this is his
first time really getting involved in
this
what was your high point that was your
low but made you really happy today we
let you move me and Jamie will be Angie
Oh buddy look at him interacting with us
now that's so awesome it's the very
first time he's ever answered this
question or even understood we were
saying it seems like so was your hello
sweetie my husband was getting to eat
dinner at the finger we can't regular
walk some Netflix and play Scrabble but
first we're going to answer some of your
guys's questions on Twitter first
question comes from Brandi Henderson Nia
you say you watch Netflix while doing
wreaths order your favorite shows spot
something
yeah that's by far our favorite show
yeah that's like our show my favorite
show though is Gilmore Girls yeah
Caitlin ass wedding software do I use I
use Premiere Pro CC next question comes
from Skye
Mara Theo and she asks are you guys
gonna do any more YouTube events love
you guys actually we have been
considering doing playlist live we've
never gone to that one before so we've
been throwing around that idea next
question comes from a me and she says
Mia how do you get the curls / waves in
your hair to stay all day too cute she
first two curls it um put some like the
wavy Beach spray in it and then she puts
it up in a bun to make sure it
solidifies and then lets it drop and
then it's extra bouncy and puts it up
before she goes to bed and still bounce
in the morning no stuff with that -
alright oh my gosh that's so funny
mmm well I think okay well I use my flat
iron to get my curls and I usually this
time I did not but I usually try to curl
my hair on day two I wash my hair every
three days and so on day two or comb my
hair but I think that the trick is
having something with the right amount
of heat that you put on your hair
because liked it like yesterday I curled
it for church and I literally just woke
up this morning and like ran my fingers
through it like this and it was like
amazing ready to go and it's looked like
this all day so I think it's just having
the right tools and I don't do I don't
overuse products I don't put products in
before I just I do a little bit of hair
spray when I'm done curling bada-bing
bada-boom we'll see you tomorrow for
another fun day with right family don't
forget though we love you and remember
to love each other hey we love you 400k
cake time
you
