what up fam basic are you guys doing
today so we did not do any vlog and
today we're gonna do things a little bit
differently today we've wanted to share
with you our favorite clip for 2016
Oh 17 of course also a couple clips that
didn't make the cut we may have even
liked that last year but we only have a
few this year and then we have a special
announcement at the end of today's video
but that further ado we're going to show
you guys our favorite clip of 2017 and
it is it is of a room walking on to the
field when he was playing t-ball at the
end of it when they slap hands and they
go through the lineup
des Moines Kincaid he's over long time
April get on this side
get over here in your line
oh we gonna do this way he is lost
hey bro this side
absolutely adorable guys I'm so glad I
have that on video I have it in a
special folder clips of the year so
we're gonna move on now to what we
thought your guys's favorite clip was on
sama Nia in 2017
really what we think you guys probably
found the funniest clip yeah the
funniest and while we're on that topic
what was your favorite clip of 2017 you
don't know for sure yeah and we'll put
that in maybe in another video anyway
enjoy the clip
alright guys let's move on to clips that
didn't make the cut
there's not that many but we're just
gonna play a few of them cause we think
you guys will enjoy that corn syrup to
the face doesn't as a looked either
gonna make the cut it's really fun
tomorrow
did you know we're going on a field trip
I feel trapped
yeah field trip let's go trap you do
even or feel tripping no say field trip
so what say filter let's say bill trip
we're going to I just Sam can you come
here really quick please just really
fast it's an emergency
no please just real fast come here I
have to tell you something stop right
there yes today is national it's
national pie day you didn't let me get
your face I didn't get any No
do you want it honey what do you mean
you just asked you who wants this fish
stick
I thought you wanted to kiito's hey room
do you want it why look it's an
interesting it's an interesting
Mississippi I don't like you acting like
that about a fish stick
why do you want this one so bad and boy
was it was a Brussels sprout they're
chewy chewy you know they take a lot of
chewing really oh I can't it's all
honored even so alright Murray vlog
what's taking you so long
I took a big bite like I'm done though
look now our battery then your fault go
and so now we have something for the
future to look ahead to the big
announcement guys the huge announcement
for 2018 big massive explosive we have
been working on this for the past year
and a half it was a lot more work that I
thought is gonna be so much more work so
much more expensive but it is finally
here
fan basic dot-org is live it's here guys
you can go visit it right now we're
gonna leave a link for you guys who
don't know yet fan basic org is a
website that we've been wanting to
create as a way of giving back to you
guys the fam basic strictly the fan
basic nobody else outside of it because
at one point we reached out to you guys
do you remember when that was a one year
at Christmastime we did like some kind
of giveaway at Christmastime and we saw
that there are so many knee
NEADS among the fam basic as
overwhelming how many emails we got so
we developed a website to help organize
that as we felt like God was growing our
platform here on YouTube we really
wanted to become part of a charity and
we were really just kind of like waiting
for God to speak to us and we weren't
feeling led to go any particular way and
when we saw that need at Christmastime
that one year we just realize like this
is where our heart is it's with our
extended family and just helping those
who are hurting and are kind of in a rut
and we just feel very passionate about
it because the way both of us grow up
mainly me I grew up in such poverty
where we needed small stuff so often and
it was so hard to get by we didn't have
a water bill we couldn't pay water bills
we could pay electric bills we have
housing issues
yeah heating issues there's just so many
little things if somebody stepped in and
helped us academ it her life so much
seizure and so we're both pretty
passionate about finding the small needs
of families and this is our way of doing
it
so here's just go to fan basic org and
you will come to the home page and this
is the home page as you can see somebody
has already discovered it this one is
from Shelby all you got to do is click
on read more click here on this video
tell a little bit more about the website
this is how it works is very easy you
just signup you submit your financial
need and then you get funded a pair of
the top guys is the available funds the
funds that we have available for the
period we're gonna have a submission
period and a voting period when you sign
up on the website if you need a need you
should go up and sign up now you just
sign up through your Google account
you'll answer a few same√∂ trivia to make
sure your true fan basic and once you
pass that you'll post an e that you need
and it'll be posted live or public with
everybody else's need and then after
that submission period they'll be a
voting period the Smith pier will close
and then it'll go to voting and then
we'll be communicating with you guys
yeah so that's the basics of it you can
go to the about page if you want to
learn more just click on about I'm sure
that's as clear as mud but yeah super
site that's here be patient guys cuz I
know there's gonna be issues along the
way because it's a brand new site
there's gonna be a lot of people getting
on there and there's gonna be a lot of
just little kinks that we have to work
out and figure out right and all the
needs we have to verify before it gets
posted
so be patient once you post your need
for it to be posted on the actual
website but it'll be posted we are so
excited to announce this to you guys
thank y'all so much just for even caring
about it it's just so awesome that we
can do this together we're in this
together I win this together than that
that's what this is all about all right
guys we will see you tomorrow for a
normal vlog don't forget we learn and
remember to love each other
