good morning everybody who's ready to go
to church bring about church you ready
to go to church I can't hear you
I can't hear you simply because I need
to get manis picture oh then you'll be
ready okay let's get in the car
by the same guy love butter stay
to live
to give
in this together was it pretty mama that
she didn't come out the door there she
is I was gonna count down I'm ready for
a little late I would say it's my fault
but it's not my fault Sam took a nap
this morning it's all wrong again
I got a joke for you guys why did Adele
anybody know why Dell press wrote just
say hello from the other side hello from
the other side got your stickers can you
open it
it's because it's childproof all right
good new classes guys we'll see you
later love you
she wants to be present everybody
there's absolutely no distinction there
is she does not care about age or gender
or race or socioeconomic status elaire
easily she is so indiscriminate in her
choices
you don't even require a pulse because
exhibited in either a and in spite of no
response
that's why it's been a busy morning
getting up and getting everyone ready
returned to church so we haven't had a
chance to update our live subscriber
count right now we did four hundred
thousand forty six subscribers four
times okay
what should we do to celebrate we should
go out to lunch cake Lord undertake
cakes for the people who are eating
healthy right now yeah let's do that
before cake carrot cake is though we do
have carrots we do have pumpkin cupcakes
cupcake party we've had such a fun
couple of years I guess it's been almost
two years on this journey with you guys
we're so grateful to have you guys along
with us during life with us sharing this
crazy life we live it's so fun it's just
like I don't know it's like what's that
word bewildering that so many of you
guys can relate to us and we just feel
so blessed and honored and they're so
fun doing this with you guys being able
to relate to each other and communicate
with each other
every day love it thank you guys
okay guys it's 400k cake time
you
check it out guys I've got a snack
holder while we wait for our cake we're
outside with the kids playing them in
some snack time we got these are these
little things you sauce testing at a
Costco they are so good
can you eat them a lot like Fig Newtons
but better around took your walnuts
choose the walnuts man I was about to be
so proud of you Wow you know if you guys
can hear Abram he's saying good job
daddy yeah soon enough guys I'm gonna
have four kids on my hands I don't know
maybe I'm too short no I get on the bike
stop making excuses get it girl
my bike my bike my bike you guys know I
got the from hey that's my bike my bike
hey my bike Goonies remember whoa the
little guy takes your bike ah okay I got
it sis Wow I'm driving on the seat in my
own seat I am on the seat this was a
painful seat for me
hi and suddenly everybody's gone that's
quite the victor go inside and pick a
court nap
like say things you get kicked out it's
ready to drive in yeah baby you're gonna
do the honors cuz Abram and dad sake
ready set go
so the militias are gonna go try by
mMmmm
- no no I'm right here right here today
guys we celebrate you and for that I'm
gonna make a sacrifice take a bite of
this cake just for you but I have to get
piss that up on with them
I'm kidding yes I'm a sacrifice well
this is you guys appreciate you guys and
a very special shout out an extra bite
for each of us for the og fam basic with
in here sis and Disney frozen lip sync
this is TE is basic I think of anything
else you get extra bytes for cool that
hurted your booty guys I don't want to
be celebrating our day together this is
our day together
but I I'm shipping out some wreaths
tomorrow all of my Valentine's orders
are gone we're moving on to spring and
st. Patrick's Day now and I am out of
shipping tape I was going to wait until
in the morning but I think we're doing
something really cool early in the
morning plus I have to do supply
shopping while we're doing our cool
thing so higher to get it tonight and I
need to get everything done so I can go
to bed comment of the day comes from
Kathy Goodall comment of the day goes to
cambree Manus you made it supported ok
Congrats all blessings from the Lord
never forget he's the one bringing all
the amazing success and blessings to
this channel and your family attention
everyone
since Hema Nia just hit 400,000 let's
celebrate
go to the store get a cake and eat it
whoa and I just thought that was very
fitting because we have celebrated you
guys today and our family growing those
are awesome comment very fitting for
today's vlog guys I hope you did go get
a cake if you haven't yet go get a cake
and eat it too so true all of this is
because of God and we really feel like
this is where he wants us in our life
right now
Thank You cambrie we'll see you guys
tomorrow just very blessed to take on
you guys as a support and as an extended
family and as always guys as always
we'll be saying it for the next million
subscribers don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
