good morning fan basic how are you guys
doing I'm on my way to rock little pick
up our kiddos had a really emotional
treat about April
I was crying crying and crying in a
dream me and I were out shopping I think
those Brookshire's in most point and I
went into the passenger seat and guess
who was behind the wheel
abran was and it wasn't a baby anymore
he was a full-grown man I was grieving
the loss of Abram even though he was
sitting right next to me as an adult
I'm afraid that's how it's actually
gonna be ever gonna grow up in the blink
of an eye and it's just gonna be like
this emotional thing for me one day I'm
gonna look back on it and be like what
happened to my baby Abram but I am glad
I lost them to adulthood and dream
rather than the grave even though it is
really sad thing about Abram growing up
I just loved the little guy we're just
like best buds good morning guys I'm
sweeping over here and we have a pet for
the weekend or how long do we have this
pet for days we have a bearded dragon
somebody was like mommy can you get it
out for me and I know we're feeding it
for the first time
cool says that stuff this is Falkor
everyone high foul core I'm give my worm
to
pick up the worm alright Gary it's cool
daddy's got it up beat the wonderful
core or probably who are these people
alright Falkor leave you alone watch
your fingers buddy no let's not cut the
class we're feeding a buddy I just put
the worm in there so I am ready
after today I will not be making any
more Valentine's orders but I am gonna
be doing a sale on my Etsy shop so
that's me kind of cool a Valentine sale
so that should be ready if any of you
want to check it out tomorrow and Sam is
watching something pretty cool over
there you guys want to see what he's
watching live subscriber count' guys
we're at 399 648 only 350 to subscribers
to go 400,000 subscribers that's insane
like I remember when we hit a hundred
and we're like wow it's gonna be a long
time before we hit 200 and then we made
that pregnancy video we would like
bypass 200 only by past 300 and it just
like went right past we didn't get a
chance to like celebrate don't even
notice it but now we're about to hit 400
that should happen today hopefully if it
doesn't happen today you ask him make it
happen right now if you haven't
subscribed go ahead and subscribe and
make it happen we're probably really
close if we haven't hit it by when this
video goes up I'm pretty sure that we've
Provo headed by there now it's craft
time for the kids it's beautiful outside
say it's not cold at all
Oh change of plans it's too windy so
we're gonna do it at the kitchen table
turn decide what we're gonna do with all
the winnings what should we do it all
the winning the Symphony with all the
dollars yeah all the dollars what we
should do all the dollars is I could
bring them to school for watching Monday
and pizza day you could do that I'll
give you a few dollars to do that hey
what do you want to do with the winnings
I think I'm gonna probably get us a new
car we desperately need
to replace that Twitter camera now we
don't desperately need to just find your
help are you praying these movies or
guys no paint buddy
Nana went to the PIO box today where two
packages yes only yesterday excuse me
we're hoping this one's from Abby
miracle
it has an arrow on it what were we just
saying was gonna be a theme with arrows
like that baby
you thinking that you want we said
woodsy yes you said like woodsy with
arrows and like teepees well with muscle
what was I saying
you know what that means everyone's in
bed something my teeth and that means
also it's time for me and Sam to get to
work
I made him like a little late dinner
here you go and I am a tree sipping I
did a few earlier and now I'm working
again this is the last of the
Valentine's orders and I'm getting
started on just kind of like everyday
orders that are you know forget all year
round or just for the spring or whatever
so I got snacks over here Netflix over
here and all the crafts all over here
who is ready for comment of the day
comment of the day goes to Jennifer
Fugate that pinch on the nose too funny
I wasn't funny you know I hate it when
you do that she used to do it a lot to
just annoy me so it looks like we're not
going to be hitting 400,000 subscribers
tonight it'll happen sometime tomorrow
so we'll see you tomorrow I have 400,000
subscribers I'm gonna go to bed now
don't forget as always we love you and
remember to love each other and also
remember what Luke chapter 6 verse 35
says love your enemies do good to them
lend to them and don't be concerned
about the fact that they won't repay
then your reward from heaven will be
very great and you will truly be acting
as sons of God for he is kind to the
unthankful and to those who are very
wicked
