my brother you are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same heart
is love
one where I won't
in this together morning gang how you
guys doing I feel kind of gangster this
more that's why I'm calling you gang
yeah is gonna go do some training at
church while Abram and I hang out at the
playground you ready buddy
my shirt today I was wrinkled up and so
I put it in the dryer to do the steam
thing on it it took forever and it's
still kind of wet right here on my
sleeve it's kind of doing but okay at
least I'm not gonna be outside in the
cold
like these guys and don't forget your
hat buddy got it
young leave your glasses here or you
gonna take them take them I'll see you
later I love you come on boys check this
park out this is a really cool park hey
hey don't flirt with the ladies okay man
I think this cool Parker just out here
oh let's go check it out let's go
explore check it out man this way go
over the bridge they got cool has little
wheels on it you can do it now here you
go guess this looks like a cool slide go
man I'll help you love the first line
it's so cool dudes awesome car guys it's
all covered up really nice lighting it's
all filtered every month of Swing a
little bit let's go down
go on your tummy I was just talking to a
lady whose grandson was really
instrumental in getting this park built
this is a new parking rock wall
she said her grandson actually went to
the City Council and tried to get this
built because he was involved in a wreck
and he was paralyzed in the wreck and he
used to go to the park with his kids all
the time and now I couldn't do it
anymore because the parks here there's
probably a rocks or bark on the ground
so they built this part which is very
wheelchair accessible the whole park is
covered in the splash pad and all the
equipment is space just enough for
wheelchairs to go through everything all
right drink it in
whoa
something's up with this bottle like
pressure builds up and it squirts out
hurry drink it it's really weird
so cute you're helping her mom you made
it come on everyone get on there
can daddy get on gentle ride with Daddy
an elevator up later okay
every time that little date was mommy
and daddy you happy buddy I'm going some
Italian food man it got hot out here and
I dressed for like really cool world the
commune jumps oh he's been craving some
pasta from here
let's go see what this cost is all about
thirty oh yeah I smell like tea you
remember oh yeah big meatball for your
buddy
that was a very good one Hobby Lobby is
in the same parking lot as the
restaurant we just ADA so now I'm over
here getting a few things that I did not
purchase on Monday when I came so as
some of you know my sister-in-law Sam's
twin brother and his wife are pregnant
and she is due very soon but I want to
make something for the hospital door for
her to write the date and the time and
the weight and all of that on and while
I'm at it I think I'm gonna make one for
myself that's a way maybe not the same
exact thing but also maybe I'm looking
at these two patterns for her this is
kind of the theme of her baby room not
so much with the black I like this one
too okay I picked for Andre I want what
to want to showed you guys and she did
not text me back so I end up having tech
Sam's twin because I home and that's a
hard choice I don't know what to choose
ah boys are no help now I'm looking for
one for my little one and I don't know
I've been really thinking I like that
the this theme but not that dark you
know a tepee woodsy type theme for her
room that could be really cute I think
I'll do that for the background and then
do like a pink for the foreground
hmm no shoot figured it out I figured
out what such chalkboard I need compared
to what size canvas I need and so if
it's gonna work out I think I'm excited
to make it the one that I make for
myself will also be included in the baby
Naperville Forney is next not for this
channel what used do you know where
you're at
what's your name
okay he is already a bum so this is the
damage I sustained this was one of the
bad ends we'll just bust it right out of
there back home and all then with the
things you saw me shopping for at Hobby
Lobby today do you guys want to see what
it looks like it's really cute I showed
it to Andre ah so I can show it on the
vlog now ready done Santa this is my
cute it's a name board for the hospital
room for their baby this is their color
scheme with peach and lace and floral
polka dots what do you guys think you
like it it makes me so excited to make
one for our little one in there too I
got some stuff work saying I still need
to get a couple other things to finish
hers up and I don't know if I care for
the colors you know and for ours what
are these coupons Dinosaur Train okay
okay what what is that what you just
make make does a trick yeah hi Sam
learned of all the dinosaurs and made a
Dinosaur Train can you help me get these
upstairs truth how you do it that's not
how you do it I don't know any other way
back I'm gonna walk all the way up there
and put one up there at a time
no and how should I do but you do idiot
close up then you put them both down jet
oh well sorry
why is your Snuggie tighter your bed big
because it's a because its own machinee
hey Astro you have work Oh tell you'll
any animal right here can you let go of
it it's a little machine so when I want
to give it a stuffed animal down that's
all I have to do see just put them right
here right and then you drop yes
yeah like that Oh interesting machine
here hey guys
Mia I'm just kidding that's always in my
head now when entering the camera around
a room says hey guys Abram I'm getting
ready to do some crafts over here Sam's
watching a scary movie I don't watch
scary movies so he is off doing that and
I'm going to craft in here and I've got
a lot of cool things I'm gonna get
started on tonight but first comment of
the day I'm having a good laugh reading
through these comments today and all the
different spectrums that you guys are um
focusing on but comment of the day goes
to Crystal Fox and she said oh man it
takes a special person to be with such a
goofball like sam LOL god bless you guys
and that one just had me laughing
because i read a whole bunch of
different ones about Sam and his
goofiness and I felt like you know
that's probably the the one I'll relate
to the most hey thank you for
acknowledging that it takes some kind of
something to be with such a goofball
like honestly when I first met Sam I had
like like a bad like idea of who he was
because he was such a goofball in school
him and his twin and their best friend
always so goofy and always getting in
trouble and stuff but once I got to know
him I really like fell in love with him
you know that's just his personality
he's a really goofy guy sometimes he's
doing it for pure entertainment for
himself I think like he's bored so he
just makes the scene entertaining for
himself I would say about the Costco
trip though to me Sam's goofiness wasn't
the hardest part the hardest part was
trying to shop with the whole family
there yeah I just thought that was a
good fitting comment for the theme in
the comment section today and also like
my life I love with this guy he's always
gonna be like this not always sometimes
he's serious but
anyways guys thanks for watching today
I'm still really enjoying reading guys's
name guesses it's really fun for me and
some of them I'm even like oh that is
really pretty even though where you have
a name and everything but as usual guys
we will see you then and don't forget
you love you and remember to love each
other
Oh
