money dad my brother you are my sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
we've got
love
M no
well
in this together good morning thank you
me and my pregnant bestie are getting
lots and lots of I just kidding is just
water with exercise I can feel the deck
ship and we are gonna go do a little
clearance shopping
Carter's today only is doing 30% off of
clearance and I got breakfast and sandy
brought me coffee this morning
and we're just living it up with
pregnancy food and drink craving and ice
whoa whoa can you open the door Abraham
say here you go sandy wait wait for
sandy nope oh trying to teach you to be
a gentleman
sorry look at it look at it oh how cute
are the matching outfits they have baby
stuff and bigger girl stuff that matches
them so so so excited poor even though
they really don't have much that would
mentor him to a yellow I'm in trouble
and I saw more online that I was like oh
I'm gonna go to the store and just get
it but the store like this puppy dog
dress right here oh goodness gracious
we're all done did we do too much
shopping come on let's go cool dude
guys I'm telling you I feel the need to
justify myself it's like she's always
shopping I do shop a lot but if you shop
in the month of January you get things
way way cheaper than shopping for like
winter stuff next winter and oh my gosh
for three kids a sandy put it I'm not
quite a bit of stuff for a really good
deal
beer Abram you guys ready for this who
doesn't want to see life from the
perspective of Abram ah I got your
chesty come on the pool yeah Abram
that's like your own GoPro okay here's
how it goes hold in here a brown and
some cool buddy good thank you it's kind
of cool
over come on let's go go put it Zack oh
wow wow wow
kako men come home and daddy love job I
do Wow okay daddy
Oh
I find it really funny guys that I
ordered this shirt that I'm wearing a
few days before we had our oh crap
moment in the lake go crop me and I were
supposed to go out and do some romantic
shopping together at our new membership
place Costco but our babysitter bailed
on us so we're taking the whole family
and we're going to go to Costco as a
family time we're going to Costco guys
we're gonna jump in the Cosmo oh yeah
bro excited to go to Costco because
we've never been there before and I've
been wanting to get larger quantities of
fruit and vegetables as late especially
lately we've been going through them so
fast and I'm just excited to check out
the place I need a new printer it'll
have a good options there come on guys
get a car right up there go poopoo
thanks whoa Oh was it really yes I was
hit him honey me tell just to warn
everybody I'm in a very goofy movie by
doing everybody you ready to go to
Costco yeah like to a blast Oh laughter
what was that
family trip to our local Costco I put
his chest yo guys it was the battery's
dead separate from her come on buddy
give me to hold you we're almost there
we're almost there oh there's two
I don't know they had a pharmacy let's
go Lulu the five couches - look at that
so far this place is just so massive
why can't I push the basket he keeps
pushing me away
somebody's got to push it buddy me bake
all right you can push it and ride in it
I think the first thing we should do
honey is get some free samples what do
you say oh my gosh oh are you well yeah
isn't that what we got the ownership
we'll have dinner here we definitely
can't buy that why not because it's
stupid
pretty big one thousand dollars only
$999.99 oh wow we can afford that are
you still serving samples yeah we're
just here for dinner okay we're gonna
get samples for dinner okay yes fine so
you can follow fit I've told you
awesome we'll be back again get out yeah
I should have something shortly
what a nice man that was just like you
know isn't it very kind of him to
respond yeah you dropped the boot thank
you appreciate it yeah you got to tell
us when you kick your boots off at
walnut you get like five and back are
you guys ready for your first Costco
sample it's a memorable moment be part
of this you are smoked guta out go ahead
and grab some I can't hand it to you
okay and we got to get myself is that
all you can eat buffet or yeah guys go
ahead and look at how I can get it all
about 30 minutes left anyway so like
towards the last 30 minutes of our ship
really start getting them out hmm I
guess we'll be back thanks
should have brought my jacket look the
Jackson first photos here we go
blueberries
oh look at all the blueberries that's
awesome
have they ever seen 30 me and I are just
like in love with raspberries right now
having our duty that we love put it it
buddy knows it's awesome
they have bananas here honey
I'm serious yeah Jimmy's key keys right
over there
prepackaged I don't believe my eyes you
don't even have to bag
get you back
you like it
the arm is good that's a good for buddy
we do need almonds ever just reminded me
we needed almonds yes all those about
the Romans
you got this I believe in you
come on I believe
I believe in Daddy you believe in
yourself though oh wow look at this I
knew you could do it says look at you
look at her
ja baby
excellent job sweet little baby girls
right here we're gonna go down all the
aisles good all the same flavor hunger
well seriously guys we just had a huge
communication breakdown I went over here
to go look at printers and I told her I
was going to go to look at fenders and
the kids will stay here on the couch and
she took off the opposite direct and go
to the restroom
so the kids were right here all by
themselves for a minute and two workers
came over here one took symphony to the
restroom Chris yet said she had to go to
the restroom so you just walk walk away
with symphony and Abram just running
around over here this is so unlike us oh
hey and got it Wow no don't do it don't
do it don't do it
what happened what did you learn did you
leave him on the couch you just told me
mister on the couch I thought you want
to stay here with him you see you were
in line while I was going to the
bathroom in line I said I'm gonna go we
get printed you guys stay right here on
the couch I was already looking for the
bathroom
I thought you I didn't change my friend
symphony and simply took off with a
worker did you see me go over there if
you know where your parents are you go
to your parents not a worker okay get
over here man I think we learned a very
valuable lesson here today hi we need to
communicate I can say that for the past
10 years
what's your lesson you have to
communicate with mommy and daddy I'm
gonna go to the coffee everyone hears me
all right well be here waiting sip me
what in the world get what if that
collapses on you you don't get in there
with her no do carry yeah actually I
wouldn't collapse because it's the boxes
are made like a l.o.v.e that looks like
one of those traps where they split you
in half The Magicians
oh my gosh you better get down daddy
goes there daddy does the call of the
day goes to you Jessica Lopez
maybe Valentina she's guessing the name
of the baby
the name means helping strong and since
this is their rainbow baby that may have
decided on that name you're forced clue
is the name is not Valentina or
Valentine I chose that comment because
she had a good reason for a why it would
be called Valentina that's a really
pretty name but I also chose because a
lot of people are saying valent
Valentina or Valentine so yeah there's
your fourth clue you know what you heard
it best
you heard it here every single day
smart work everybody say cheese 60s are
you so cute a little bit
