copy real fast let's go watch him
whoopee
we sit outside in my lap and we watching
we gotta hurry look just look please do
what he's doing sleepyhead
my brother you are my sister made by the
same guy
by the same heart
to give
well
in this together let's play some beat
sports yeah on the new appletini we're
gonna play beat sports guys if you heard
of it it's a game specifically and a
very first game to ever be made just for
the new Apple TV the fourth-generation
one they used a remote as a stick and
you can also your phone is going to the
phone
this one right here what would be on
beat sports let's do this kid right now
Eddie dad um I am ready are you ready
okay let's do it
all right go ahead and connect ready can
you be
I'm ready buddy are you ready he's gonna
be my helper oh right looks like mommy's
a little tired slush baseball player you
play a winner okay let's do winter
wonderland just for Symphony yeah all
right so you swing it move all comes at
you okay just like you would a tennis
racket swing up oh yeah a little bit too
soon so this is beat snores guys if you
have the new Apple TV just go to the App
Store search beat sports or just beat
and this is the first game that comes up
it's such a fun interactive game thank
you
right now yeah all right ever you try
buddy you're the guy with black hair
that looks kinda like hero wait till you
become the ball comes to you okay not
yet yeah this is really good too for a
room for his coordination just kind of
teaching him when something's coming at
you
Oh hand-eye coordination
you win go play a different game I'm
headed out the door for recess and a
very busy day after recess I'm headed to
the doctor to see this little girl Hey
in today's vlog we're gonna be giving
you guys three clues to her name so I'm
going to start with the first clue right
now clue number one is that the letter
in the first video game we played was an
AI and it was on the fridge at our GC
group kids I know that actually tastes
together they're saying you know so
there will be another clue coming later
and then the best clue of all which it's
a really good one you guys might even be
able to guess the name or get really
close anyways it will come at the end of
today's vlog
baby I'm a believer now I just had some
nice pantry done before I had to my
doctor and I'm really not sure this is
the first time I've been in this office
I'm willing not even sure I'm going
propose she became a few minutes early
this is a big building a long place
gotta go upstairs I just made a really
loud noise - okay I'm here supposedly
getting called back too soon and I've
got three minutes until my appointment
and I have got to be so bad I just want
answers but you have to hold it in for
your sonogram so yes I need to just came
from on hold man I see what happened I
can do this right I can fly last night
though okay we're going to take a look
at her and this is the front of our face
right here this is her mouth of the name
I in an eye as your hand up there is
your mouth
so heart beating away right there
they don't to be shot okay so I'm back
in this full waiting room and I was
wrong they didn't tell me I was a boy
it's the girl rule for sure it's
exciting and I'm going to see the doctor
hopefully soon and I also want
correction or Presley Beach example so I
got my little Moscow meal I got to try
this again
I remember doctor's office now just
waiting to see my doctor and here's all
the pictures and sweet baby this is my
favorite one way is it that one no that
one oh my goodness oh my gosh I love it
so cold little backstory whenever
Symphony and Abram we're inside my
tummy's we got cool sonogram pictures
one of symphony crossing her legs and
that's how we revealed her gender to the
family we sent out a picture with a pink
border the side crossing her legs like a
lady and then Abram when he was in my
tummy we got a sonogram picture of him
doing a thumbs up I've shared this with
you guys before but it was just kind of
like a little boyish type thing for him
to do and he's such a cool little dude
you know and I feel like those little
things kind of like went along with
their personality and it was just a cute
little tidbit of your child before you
actually get to meet your child so I had
told Sam a few days ago I was like I
think that this babies thing is gonna be
like kind of a laid-back chill baby I
don't know why I just get that feeling
just like I felt like Abram was just
gonna be like a dude like just total
all-out boy and he totally is Symphony
is totally a girly girl she's such a
little lady but you know she's also like
she's a typical kid but she is such a
girly girl about things I didn't get a
picture of it but when we were doing the
sonogram the baby yawned
I mean it would like a slow obvious dawn
and then um a little bit later I'm sorry
I'm she was putting her hands upon her
eyes like this and like moving them
around and doing her other side to Nasik
oh my gosh I was right about her being a
chill baby like she's sleepy that's her
thing I don't know why I didn't think to
ask her can you take a shot of that but
maybe we'll have the opportunity again
next time we do a sauna girls
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh so
we're gonna watch so since I'm so
excited and I have some free time here
I'll go ahead and give you guys clue
number two
so the second clue is in one of the
vlogs
you guys were guessing that the letter
was an L and Sam was like no there's no
Ellen her name
well there is an L in her name
so that is clue number two I think he
was is there enough to throw him with
guys off or because we were trying to
show you the I so if he was saying I
know it wasn't the L but there is an L
in her name Bluto Michaela
you've got L in your name oh my gosh I'm
so excited my appointment took two and a
half hours oMG does a long day but it
was worth it it was really fun we got to
meet the doctor she is really sweet he
was dr. Olsen you guys would get to meet
her um the next time around now we're
heading out to GC Oh next room
hey you hey guys hi guys disappeared and
I think today in a while they don't care
about me honey after you dumped me in
the canoe maybe they don't that wasn't
my fault that was the canoes fault
I forgot to explain you guys did you see
that my seat broke one of the bolts just
like came right through the wood see
Brooks meet mo daddy are sure you're the
one who built it I didn't really yeah I
did yeah yeah Mike Mike Oh
703 right outside she's creating her say
hi everyone say hi not you able go get
busy at home popular with the ladies for
the video for no good but anytime you
trying to get it worked out right now
there does you ready ready you ready
turn it all the way up my everybody
watch right here and right over oh did
you eat dinner buddy we just stuck on
cookies now see you later yeah
come on neighbor are you good okay go
ahead
I'm company
hey bro Arum your poopy get on her bed
you got moms in here nude oh wow Oh
Zuber dude can't you keep it in one
place Gina on her forehead hi guys you
want ugly bar okay one two three
I'm on the edge of ovary and I'm hanging
on a moment of truth guys I want to go
canoeing again and that's why I'm going
to next week with Matthew man that was
just so awesome but we're home now guys
who's ready for the third and final clue
of the day that was a little dramatic I
know I've done it now not I have a lot
of vegetables today honey we're gonna
give him the final clue well we decided
that what we're gonna do is take
advantage of the upcoming holiday
February 14th you might know what we're
talking about Valentine's Day ring a
bell anyone uh-huh to announce the
baby's name and that is your third clue
as well seriously that's a
ooh in and of it self alright guys good
luck guessing we won't tell you who is
right until Valentine's Day all right
right but we'll see you then
no actually we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget guys as always we love you and
remember to love each other
