good morning how are you guys doing Sam
and I are doing something exciting today
I'm so ready I don't know if I'm dressed
appropriately Abram are you gonna hang
out with Bebo today yes are you excited
hey my whole dinners in the crock-pot
ready for when we come home from our
adventure here we go guys I decided to
turn our on a pilot into a 1800 listen
to this
mandatory location this is kind of just
a random location on the way over here I
like it because there's a lot of dead
trees out there hope it's not too windy
though oh I probably shouldn't take this
out there and what we get is bringing
extra change applause what we were
thinking I am terrified that he's gonna
dump me in the water she thinks I'm
going to do it for a good video I'm not
that desperate
no way plus it's free it's not freezing
I heard the weather feels great but it's
going to be fierce and water but we'll
be leaving this in the car vlogging with
my waterproof GoPro so we'll see you
guys out there well it's floating I
don't see me legs yet wait wait a minute
nope no leak all right my lady
okay okay I will
you
guys go over there honey to take a
little break maybe eat lunch on the rock
you do OK in the Sun let's just go park
by one of the trees let's go through
here
can you make it you think we found a
parking spot perfect we're just lying up
there and I'm going anywhere
I could probably walk closer to you only
lunch with you
this is our table I have been craving
adventure for a long time and this is
just kind of getting it getting out of
my system oh thank goodness I just crave
this type of stuff like danger and risk
thank you for coming out I'm pregnant
why isn't she awesome I love it I was
telling you I wouldn't even be scared if
it wasn't cold out here I'm only scared
I'm getting in the cold water with hot
water or if it was hot outside and
getting water at every time I feel I'm
going to swim on our lunch break I like
me I grew up
get out of my way
the Cobra Crocodile Hunter
ah
I'm getting nervous
Oh
what a friend I got it
Oh
lucky that it's not that cold
I'm actually not that
let's go back over there to our car
wait where's our paddles we lost both of
them wow I'm glad I brought extra paddle
come back yeah oh my gosh oh wow
oh good job good job huh
well I don't want you to go in I think
you took a little sacrifice through that
time just to clear the air right now
guys I feel extremely bad about that
bringing my pregnant wife out there in
the cold I'm just so thankful to God
that he protected us and that we were
close to something like an old bridge in
the middle of a lake thinking us you
still have a lot of closing backed out
where we're going to go donate and we
haven't dropped off yet he is getting
changed in the car and well I guess I
asked for adventure I got adventure
Oh
this texting her mom warning her before
we get home that we capsized
well guys it was so funny I really like
guys like us daddy I thought she's gonna
die I didn't know what the earliest
where I was like I was like whoa he's
like really forgotten is she okay
I thought maybe she's just like like
gonna lose it for living well I find my
body hurts I couldn't swim honey I had
like a moment where I was like fine you
know yeah you started breathing better I
did throw the hand I was like wow she's
so cool she is freaking out like
craziness suddenly she's like oh and
then she like turns around starts
helping me pull about it it's really
cute somebody every funny because I got
mad at Sam and I like freaking out and I
don't matter to Sam for letting happen
dude yeah so like our white being mad at
him I can't just sit here in the water
and yell at him to the bridge water was
freezing but once we got out of the
water the Sun was out so feel really
actually kind of nice something we got
out of the water because we I think
these mechanics so much like it felt
like refreshing
that sounds like our that we panicked
and it like warmed up our body we went
into can we give any regular-sized
strawberry milkshake please we are here
we are here we are a ticket for now we
made it home guys and what and wow I did
I know how much I love my house ok I
really didn't want in top out with
canoes alright sis how was school tell
us all about it and then we'll tell you
all about our new trip tell me about it
keys and cap statement mommy is kidding
me yikes
yeah there what drowned it clear drown
no the canoe tipped over sympathy always
comes home from school a little bit you
know loopy like she missed her last time
what is it she's at school just across
straight all the time I should be the
same Maya city school parents that focus
and after school I would go crazy ha I
totally feel you honey I'd really do
it's all the concentration obeying our
you know taking commands from everybody
then coming home and then just letting
y'all go hey what did you get from bebo
what kind of whistled kiss you they said
can you show us how it works how does it
work Maggie's dad no it doesn't take
batteries you just blow in it man
it's a train whistle yeah show me how it
work oh he's confusing works with
batteries anyway yum you try all right
buddy take a turn
till I can he has given me the cold
shoulder I don't know kind of you any
cold feet you know got me in the water
giving me cold feet it's called getting
cold feet on your wedding day giving me
cold tea I'm not giving you Toto say yo
come on when the moment happened her
falling in the water I thought that it
was her dumping us over it was really
strange because the way I saw it all I
guess I was just like freaking out in my
head I want to add to that okay add to I
haven't added to it all day I've been
kind of waiting for spin and talk about
it so the whole time today Sam kept
saying stuff like you really can't keep
up with me you don't know how to steer
did it up he wasn't saying it rudely I
don't want to make it sound bad but we
just kind of had this little inside
thing like you got to get it together
become on we got to turn this thing
around and now I feel like it was him
maybe I was doing a good job steering
all day
and you were lagging well in the video
you can see you know that we're both
going the opposite direction than where
we're trying to go yeah but we were not
doing so great yeah I was definitely at
fault obviously oh my gosh I've seen the
video so many times if you're falling
out of boat and I'm just a left
hysterically every single time it's so
crazy I have a confession to make I
literally like peed my pants
watched its first three times three
times in a row
and I'm pregnant so that guessing excuse
bad man it was hilarious you were ran
out of the room I really did not like
like a hot anyway anyways we gotta learn
how to steer we'll see you guys tomorrow
where we got your comment of the day oh
yeah we did it comes from Emily McHugh
and she said you should name the boat
Tanzania and I thought that was cute
because a that was Sam's nickname for me
when we first started dating in high
school you know what you called me yeah
Samaria Oh Samaria and Tanzania two
countries yeah I think two countries I
was thinking we could actually name the
vote screaming okay Nia
instead of just Canadian ow screaming
kunia Kenny you guys get it
screaming could be anyways guys tomorrow
come on I have a doctor's appointment we
can see baby girl again and tomorrow
you're gonna give clues don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
