look at our little man's fauxhawk this
is how we've been doing it on Sunday
mornings gotta see her hair buddy y'all
look in the mirror it's like my play-doh
do you like it like a fish's hair from
my brain by bit my boughs oh my oh boy
good one good morning good morning good
morning guys we are vlogging this Sunday
as you can see I decided Sunday's it's
probably not a good day for us to take
off on vlogging because we're out of the
house it's a way for us to share you
know more of our church with you guys
and we always see friends at the church
sometimes we get with my mom it's just a
really lively day for us so I'm thinking
that we're probably not gonna be taking
a break on Sundays anymore
maybe we're going to church what do you
think I'm saying no we are going to
she's confused so yeah maybe we'll take
off another day that week instead of
Sunday we're just waiting for need to
get ready
and guess who's teaching your class
today excited about that good morning
guys
just stopping at gas which means we're a
little bit late we're supposed to early
today I have just decided you know I'm
just that parents always late you feel
that way Sam tell what your mom taught
you and I knew that you know I remember
when we were when I was young going to
church we were usually on time Bebo
wasn't always running late I can
remember like her sister or like
different ladies at church if they would
come in really late and be boat noise
she's got her makeup on Mike she's late
she's like because she had their makeup
and that is just so me either you can
decide to be like the church
decided to get your makeup on like today
we would have been on time if we didn't
a forget Sam's wallet forget symphonies
little things Sam went back to lock the
house later like after I had already got
in the car would have been late if all
that misery because you went already
today we're actually gonna do some
worshipping out here with the kids you
guys ready to worship we're gonna do a
little differently today we're having
first that here leading worship and
everyone come here and do class there he
is are you sure I can't be your German
are you sure I can't be your drummer
yeah
Symphony line up on the red line sweetie
now we're totally talking to Jesus Jesus
is hearing us right now and raising some
songs to care
thank you you see the camera in the
window you little guy first time taking
the kids the best pro shops I think
sitting is really going to enjoy it this
guy's really sleep Sydney look at all
those deer up there let's go get the BB
guns yeah you'll shoot your eye out kid
shoot the lights that's pretty fun
if I go ask daddy if you can help him I
got the Hawks
everyone do you like it buddy
you and symphony you
oh yeah maybe we'll I don't know about
the baby
this is my first passenger on the
committee right here
sooner or later when actually by kayak
and pick a kayak out if I'm gonna do it
by myself of canoes gonna be really hard
to control all on my own
that guy ever look behind you look
see the bear you're on a budget
afternoon when we come home we do things
different with nap time we let the kids
nap on the couch to this chill and watch
a show together tape your corners buddy
yeah okay good
no Sunday's race cars buddy because a
race car game I like to play too no I'm
kidding this is completely new for some
reason right when we got to the house
everyone was like and they don't wait we
stayed out late at the church and
normally we just come home and have
lunch take a nap but today differently
this guy I had to make some errands
what's a Home Depot afterwards got some
longer bolts so tomorrow when simony
goes to school learn from babysitter for
Abram and me and I are gonna take the
boat out for the first time I'm not even
sure where I'm really excited so excited
don't cry you big baby
don't cry guys that was such a good nap
this is turning out to be quite a
relaxing afternoon first I took a nap
and now I'm at the nail salon symphonies
doing the honors looks great princess
what do you got buddy
why Pat that in a minute
are you gonna daddy gonna go outside
your boy stuff it's actually been a
while since I've gotten to get my
toenails done and I've been thinking I
want something sparkly so when symphony
was sick I picked up this sparkly nail
polish thinking that we would have some
alone time while she was sick but we
never got the a long time yes beautiful
just beautiful
okay oh that big tail looks really good
hmm one awesome thing about having a
girl before any other babies is that
when you have a new baby she will do
your toes for you when I had Abram I
would experience a little bit of
postpartum depression and it was kind of
difficult to get out of the house with
him he nursed a lot and so sometimes me
and this girl got a little bored but she
always took care of my toes do you
remember that
yeah dinner at that time at that time
when we wake up it's that time again
coming of the day and it goes to Mary
Neal she said you should name your canoe
Nia I had not thought about giving my
canoe a name until reading her comments
oh thank you so much I'm gonna name it
like Mike Nia or something or just
Kamiya canoe and Nia mix together you
know Kimmy yeah yeah ah yeah anyway guys
we'll see you tomorrow don't forget as
always we love you and remember to love
each other got ya
you
