my sister made by the same guy loved by
the thing
we've got to live love
to give love
well
in this together hey you guys well you
can't see is so bright out here I'm at
Starbucks I'm meeting with Jen and
Shannon from JC and we're trying to plan
and really nail down some details on a
women's conference that we're doing
morning guys this morning I'm vlogging
with my GoPro session Abram shooting his
eye out he keeps coming up and saying
shoot my eye out
Funimation yeah he said that's what the
boy says you well you'll shoot your eye
out
you'll shoot your eye yeah see me
awesome me and Jen are super late we
passed each other on the highway were
just like laughing I'm sore
Jen how the heck did you beat me here
baby hey that didn't go about 45 so
speedy I did some photos of the kids
that are slinky I just had the idea
everyone was inside plan with it I was
like I bet it would look cool if I put
my GoPro inside that slinky outside so I
got some cool pictures of them send a
GoPro sips are interested in them check
it out guys how many think Matt
chick-fil-a now the lines are super long
this girl back here just took my order
um my battery on the camera is dying
again this is the worst place ever for
this to happen to their machines are
down we're having to pay and take our
orders from people on the sidewalk so
we're just all going along in this
little line so today I'm gonna finish
I'm gonna finish my canoeing what's his
role do you guys want to know what an
awesome wife looks like an awesome wife
looks like this I'm sitting at my
computer working on the blog she comes
up around the corner with running
clothes in her hand and puts him on my
dad she says when heard on the vlog go
outside and run you can't come back in
for 10 minutes I was like that is what I
need I need that kind of motivation
especially from Nia it really gets me
going so I went for like a couple mile
run this morning yeah and I feel great
okay are you trying to do buddy good
gracious Symphony and I were playing
inside while the guys were outside and
Abram came inside he was so sad he had
little cold tears coming out of his eyes
and he was a mommy finger heart I'm not
really sure what he did out there but he
said his fingers were hurting it was sad
so now Symphony went outside and Abram
is playing inside with mommy I think I'm
gonna clean the kitchen up that's gonna
do it since now I'm just gonna slack it
up I'm gonna want to get waterproof you
can watch just turn out to shake the
boat okay okay should have painted it
before I put it on but I did it so
that's the easier way actually what's
that to do I'll talk to do a lot on so
we would have to hold the bottom in the
top so you would have to keep flipping
it over well good for success you're
absolutely right favorite personality is
just popping out all over this oh no did
you break big Max's arm press it what
happened oh my hmm man I don't think
that's fixable buddy
try to sit wait ms2 I'll try I have to
glue it okay
those darn Amazon toys breaking just cuz
it fell for that little stool huh yeah
you may have one arm to baymax thanks
for keeping me company
you're welcome
and I'm telling you the good ideas you
really are
I should have you up it was me more
often when I'm making stuff yeah not too
bad fix it up pretty good
what look yeah Aguila one day you're
gonna break the arm one more time
is he gonna slide you gotta be gentle
with him so he doesn't break any more
try be gentle
Oh ready go well finally completed her
all ready to go to Lake Ray Hubbard
that's probably where I'll end up taking
her her first I don't know why I want to
say her butt looks good doesn't it yeah
now I just need to buy some pipes best
what'd you find outside my god how did
you find socks outside Haley can't go
put him in the hamper you gotta brush
and brush um you got a brush and brush
them to get all the stuff and stuff up
we gotta get it out of your mouth all
right
see guess I've got to see my new
vlogging rig this is it right here
would that's why Nia was kind of
embarrassing me bringing this around and
pulling three massive you hit it kicky
hey nice jump knew that bring it in here
what because I'm actually standing on a
rocking chair when you say that Union
you want me to bringing it what uh
you're picking out a book yeah what's it
gonna be put me in the zoo
you don't need a source in the meadow
which one you Bible stories that's a
good choice the only downside of this
vlogging getup is that the mic up here
it only picks up sound in front of the
camera and not behind it so I'm talking
behind it sounds like I'm real far away
I little ol yo I just had the strangest
feeling that I'm gonna go to the doctor
on Tuesday and they're gonna tell me I'm
having a boy you feel that way I have to
look around the camera to see Sam's face
that's how big it is you have any like
feelings like that are you even
listening I'm listening I'm not having
those feelings but if it were so it
would be okay because I'll of course
comment of the day goes to drumroll
please
rubber and rainbows when is morning with
Abrams
beginning I posted on my Instagram
account that we will start doing
mornings with Abram is that new nest
what it actually called I said he's
gonna have his own talk show
thank you but that was dress up that
poster cuz I really cook he was talking
about something important so I don't
have any plans but it would be cute to
do something we'll talk about we get
common dick and you got us thinking yeah
yeah
the reals in our brain moving
and get the little rat running in there
the rat no it's a hamster cage
mine's a rat but anyway guys we'll see
you tomorrow don't forget as always you
know what we've said it a thousand times
before well say it a thousand times
again will we love you and remember to
love each other
we shout
but then this
