good morning princess huh morning how
are you feeling today like my Diana
Kander for the doors whenever I open
right now it kind of hurts and you do
that yeah how's your throat feeling just
when I cough it hurts about your tummy
I'm just wondering tough okay let's
check your temperature okay let's see 98
it kept going down that's great good
morning guys our girl is feeling much
better today can we get a smile ah I
like that smile our temperature is down
almost six degrees from yesterday and
it's down point-three degrees from
earlier this morning when I took it I'll
take it back thank you for loading the
car for me
Rach Rach store huh Thanks headed to the
post office with all my Valentine's
orders back there Sammy loaded the car
for me score okay hey made it in those
of you who might be newer to our channel
our curious about me and my reads I get
a lot of comments on Instagram every day
I sell reads as a sign business all year
round
right now though specifically we've been
doing Valentine's and also starting to
work on st. Patrick's Day orders so
that's fun it's something different but
I've been doing this since 2012 and I
have an Etsy shop called wreaths by Nia
and so for those of you have been asking
about it or sending me comments on
Facebook and Instagram I'll have a link
for it in the description below so that
you guys can go and check it out
I am i do orders weekly i ship these out
all over the world I mean like Australia
China Japan everywhere so yeah if you're
interested you want
if your Arif maker as well you should
tag me in your photos or let me know
something that you're interested in
thank you appreciate it okay all done
that was super fast and I also make sure
and keep track of my receipts because
this has everyone should be information
on it this will make this year my fourth
year wow that's a long time so my mom
still has the very first wreath I ever
made I made my mom the first one and I
made I think Sam's mom
um won at the same time so that cute I
know my mom still has that she showed it
to hang out time ago oh honey I'm coming
did you hold the door for me
yeah oh so sweet little love that is
Oreos bed I know we're Symphony she's
still sleep in mommy's bed mommy bad huh
oh so cute
how'd it go out there great it was great
I've decided to replace lunch today with
this actually put the kill in here today
how'd you have pocket you won't come
inside is it tastes good what else did
you put in there banana no Kiwi you
didn't pick up Kiwi for me like this you
should ever got Oh carrot I should put a
character I smell it trying to add more
vegetables unless fruit mommy okay an
apple doing mommy I'm gonna try a
blueberries I was going to work them
home and say Sam should go take a long
nap that good because I want to go
really want to go with ya long yeah no
he doesn't need along now we just want
to like go have dinner and talk and
maybe do some window shopping I got a
gift card for my birthday no shopping
that really exists in your life yeah
it exists and he's so good at it no but
I got a gift card for my birthday in
September and I haven't used it yet and
I'd really like to use it while I need
clothes at this time I need just need a
longer shirt stepping up my blogging
game guys I'm now gonna use my SLR to
vlog you ready for this babe
Wow are you why not this new diet of
mine guys is doing a number on my
intestinal system hey guys would you
gosh it's all in your pants ah the only
reason why you can stand up in my bed is
only if you're getting dressed up here
is it or if you're pulling your pants up
that's the rule like blah yes white ball
yes
Khulna what do you think money blogging
camera babe you want to try yeah let's
try this out whoa it's pretty heavy
you guys super focus house if I'm gonna
get a neck ache talking to you I made
this smoothie while ago out of
strawberries almond milk and chocolate
chips and it's delicious yeah is just
nasty
it was really good but I'm gonna go with
Sandy tonight somebody's fever is gone
and but before I go out I want to make
the family dinner I really I'm trying to
keep up with the whole healthy cooking
thing so long as I've bought the food
for it I might as well keep it up so I'm
sauteing some chicken for the kids first
then I'm gonna do Sam set it what
okay samer you listen to me
this chicken is for the children dippin
barbecue dippin ketchup Oh al
is it too cold
what do you guys think of my beard I'm
totally messed up over here glass I have
a cowlick of my beard and the kellogg
meets right here so I was trying to trim
it up and usually some mistakes like
that that get me cutting my whole beard
off so I may end up putting my whole
beard off again no promises all you
people out there our team naked face
okay I was gonna bed this is my chicken
mommy
let's go mommy right now fine
Julie you anymore sauce I can give you
all of it not this right yeah what you
can't you add a hey let that cook I'm
sorry
mmm yeah April this is so good weird
Helzberg when you came to decide to come
to the mall while we wait to eat and
sandy gets her ring inspected and
cleaned here so trying on all this bling
I know I just got one but look at this
giant thing this is ridiculous not
ridiculous like how silly that looks
amazing it is so huge I mean it's
gorgeous but it's just huge humongous
Wow action so we're just shopping at the
mall and we used to come here a lot in
high school and in college I think you
know like
just do our shopping and I don't know we
have a lot of memories here and I feel
like and we walk in and it was just like
instantly nostalgia but in a bad way
like I felt too old to be here for like
a mundane here but I have a gift card
and I'm gonna spend it like where's the
baby store yeah yeah that's what we go
shopping for these days but there's a
sales up there I want to go in and look
at my ring I have been able to wear it
it's getting sized and it's taking money
wherever at sales but not here
I don't know came from sale yeah why
what is that they're back a lot I don't
know maybe did something that I brought
that came from like curse or hurt Oh
Vera Wang circle no not herself I didn't
go to the Vera Wang counter hell no
second floor run in here left you gotta
go up the stairs so yes we're at H&M I'm
gonna go see was the value on my gift
card is and get this no oh it was
fifty dollars on Draya is so sweet my
sister-in-law sitting up for my birthday
she's so sweet they do we still some
sparkly pants while we're waiting in
line no my goal is to get long shirts
we'll try to do a little fashion show
for you guys I don't know we'll the
leash
it's a dress not a shirt but it's cute
that line will either fall perfectly or
right actually that doesn't look like
it's gonna fall below the bust that's
what you need when you're pregnant you
know you need the lines to fall like you
don't know falling right here in your
practice that looks like it's gonna fall
like right there and it's $40 I wasn't
than sheep our keep doing a good in
heaven hey she kept this as st. Regis
then just let it all hang out are you
rest on my belly hanging out
hey I'm here for the party I'm never
going to find anything for my bum I'm in
the wrong place but I don't like to buy
maternity specific clothes I like it's
regular begging hello
$2.00 that's perfect because I won't be
wearing him that much I like the top of
that one it's really cute
this is a cute one door with leggings or
like it
this one's pretty cute like from the
fronts cute from the back it's pretty
cute then you turn to the side and it's
like hey guys I'm wearing a pillowcase
just don't know how Phil about this is a
cute little dress it's got the right
little line I'm just trying to get stuff
for the winter time with these little
dresses are in sales cars pump is just
like out of nowhere look at that it's
like hell they're two bits kids in there
nope nope that's you
the party has arrived I could wear this
like twice a year that's what sandy just
said I think it's cute fitting milk
house a cute fit what I thank you trip
it I don't know I'm always buying like
solid gray and white and creamy more
grays and I wanted to branch out and get
more patterns I could camouflage in
Hawaii a turn at a hotel anyway so I
think a collage right this little tunic
can wear it with a blazer in the winter
and without in the summer and then I've
got this little team which is
loose-fitting and long and pink and cute
with hummingbirds not storks
and then this little dress how we dress
it's on clearance so Jamie through yo oh
we're back looks so real does look
pretty real y'all I got red beans and
rice so it's kind of why did you get
ever gone well the camera is dying and
I'm in charge of so this one comes from
Lauren what kind of I love being able to
understand Abram sentences and this
melts my heart he is notable and I just
won't had I love to you I have been
counting each day how many words are in
his sentences and today he did a
sentence with seven words and he is w
and also today subdue a murmur cheval or
he was like me got it
totally like know there was one of four
that we would anyways go thanks for
hanging all this percentage of her go to
mommy days don't forget our comment of
the day guys I got a lot of hate from
yesterday's thumbnail ok Abrams crime
ever care come here sometimes I don't go
with my gut feeling and I end up
regretting it and and more than you know
just cases like these I've this has been
the story of my life so Kate Heath you
get comment of the day this clickbait
titles a new low 107.3 tempers life
there anything on brain damage or death
you don't your views believe symphonies
so sick that you might die
very good point I didn't think about
that at all I was just one you guys
think that this was pretty serious and
it was all be not that's your stuff
you're terrible parents and terrible
people terrible parents really because I
mean made a very stupid decision makes
me a horrible parent and we're not
terrible people I did I just switched
the three to seven just goofing around
wasn't thinking about the consequences
fix dad I guys don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
see you tomorrow we're gonna museum
you
