and she brought me this really special
keepsake that I had I think it's um
America struggles with what up guys it
is bright and early and yes I am up and
spunky I have a jam-packed day and night
it is gonna be full-blown full of things
to do all day long so I just thought I
just need to get up and get crackin it's
the day that I washed my hair and I'm
also kind of starting off in a little
bit of a rush one little challenge about
my day is that I need to be able to wear
sort of the same outfit all day long but
transforming from my like daytime wear
into my nighttime cuter look because
tonight is girls night so for now I'm
going with this minimal look with a
black tee it looks like a black tee
it's actually a black dress that's
rather long it goes midway down my thigh
and I've kind of just like balled it up
on the side always brightly for my yoga
pants and also something I can just like
take the tie out later on and it'll be a
dress
you mean this baby had a really rough
night last night you guys where are you
going so bright and early Missy you are
where's your list you probably need to
put that in your purse you girls have
fun shopping I love you
we don't have a toaster so I'm heating
them up like this
you guys my mom cleaned out a section of
her house yesterday and she brought me
this really special keepsake that I had
since I was a baby my great-great aunt
painted these blocks they're all in this
sack and I'm gonna play with them with
Juliet do you want to like it mommies
yeah she was a school teacher at a town
nearby called Kaufman these little
babies are almost 30 years old can you
believe how cute they are like this one
this teddy bears on it oh my gosh and
hearts oh look at the hearts jewels I
don't know how much I played with him as
a little bitty baby but I can remember
from like four and five on I did not
play with them I don't think I was
allowed to play with them because they
were so special I know I'm a grown-up
but my mom just gave them to me but I
feel like I want to be like mom are we
allowed to play with them now can i play
with them with a baby like candy canes
in a flower that's so pretty in tan
painted no some are bigger than others
oh now I see why I was allowed to play
with them
these are so special to me I love
keepsakes and I especially loved ones
that I have like memories connected to
and they're still so beautiful look at
this one little did I know when I was a
little girl that this would have so much
meaning to me one day the little bunny
blog I thought you're gonna go put it on
the shelf in their room but I got to
keep them together I love them I'm so
glad my mom brought him over today
they're so sweet time for us to head out
don't meet my mom and Symphony for some
lunch oh great you guys hear that I knew
that was happened there was like a
beeping noise that was happening when I
opened up my door and I couldn't figure
out what it was it was this you hear
that all I had to do was switch this and
it goes off and that's what killed my
battery oh great I'm gonna call my mom
and ask her to come pick me up or help
me what does it call jumpstart my car he
was out here burning up the rest of this
pile he started this whole fire with
Flintstones somehow you did it I lit a
giant fire
good job bud looks good
and I've been having some major major
trouble sleeping these past couple of
days and both days I woke up with a
headache feel very unproductive
but you know while I'm out here I've
been working on practicing or making it
happen in my head to enjoy the present
moment I am in instead of trying to get
to some goal you know I know I've talked
about this before there's something I
struggle with I think it's something
America struggles with always trying to
get to conclusion we're always trying to
get to the end results up for what and
then what after that you know you just
need to slow down be in the moment and
stop racing to get places that's awesome
you got you're so cool let me see your
calendar lunch was good we couldn't wait
you're a big car situation Tiffany just
got too many cool things with all her
money
oh my goodness Anthony got bestfriend
necklaces a koala corn and a fox a corn
who you're gonna give them to Angeline
oh that's so sweet that girl at your
school we just put Juliet down for nap
so I want to look at all the things have
any good
oh my gosh you guys are calendar so cute
look that is adorable Symphony are you
gonna mark off the days like you
normally do and Bebo said that she even
came home with like eight dollars left
over and that's a good haul sister how
did you do so good was it amazing and
fun so cool it's your first like real
shopping trip
alright that's tomorrow okay guys go and
see how the pages in my calendar
I'm starting to realize as I'm out here
working the thing that makes me so
fatigued and that makes me so exhausted
while I'm working even though I'm not
necessarily doing that much labor I'm
under the house crawling around and
lifting it with Jax but really it's not
that much labor the fact that I'm making
so many decisions is exhausting me it's
just constant decision-making out here
so as you can see this needs to be
touching this would you know come help
me Jack can you pass me a piece of wood
thank you sir
is the bubble in the middle okay then
it's nice and level yeah good job man
thank you one more
hello nice nice
nap times over yeah this is a
transformation of my hair about me makes
fun I have changed from those yoga pants
into regular old black leggings and I'll
put a different cardigan on in a minute
but not x over Symphony is gonna enjoy
her new things she got you guys
mommy's you're up ten minutes what time
is it now yeah it's all done let's see
it
wow this is so cute I love the little
bow that you put on the kitty and his
partner is beautiful yeah but that's
showing you where to put one and you
sewed it on it looks good alright guys
I've got my duffel bag out it's time for
me to load it a Christmas gift or day
snack tray ready go bud
turned out to be a good day I replace
the whole girder underneath that house
sort of four by six corner there where
he had a two by six I put a four by six
have pretty much reinforced when those
back rooms where we put furniture in it
what's out worrying about the four
caving in it was fun his property is
looking beautiful look at this used to
be such a mess I'm just I look out there
now it just looks so pretty
man I'm just loving it I hear we had to
make it back out here aprons missing
mommy too much I thought about staying
warm a night but has literally been
counting down days you ready to see
mommy bud mm-hmm
oh so beautiful let's know with you
tonight
you have a quiet party I'm gonna go hang
out with friends something ah go cry
together 18 I'm all for it try if I can
do it together you know the better for
them and the better for the husbands
that's good oh I have not better haircut
yet so that's not new I've replaced a
lot of beams under the house a little
stronger and stronger every weekend
we've got it in the vlog now guys cuz me
is leaving I gotta get all the kids to
bed or you missed me too and as always
don't forget we love you and remember to
thank you
