it is two and a half hours to Abraham's
nap and he's still sleeping but he might
have just woken up
hey man you feeling did you throw up you
did good
they're coming feel sick
you want to talk about it you got your
water where your water like that good
morning guys I'm continuing on my
healthy cooking expedition and I'm
getting a meal ready for tonight it's
like 11 a.m. and I'm getting our dinner
ready not our lunch we're having like a
sweet-and-sour organic pork brown sugar
garlic powder chili powder cumin over
here and then over here I've gotten this
mixture some soy sauce some balsamic
vinegar and chicken broth Symphony my
daddy a coffee she's so sweet even
though she's not feeling good she took
some medicine while ago that when she
spoke well put it down before you get
down it'll be good to put your hand up
here like right here put your thumb over
the edge Hey yeah very careful oh you're
such a sweet daughter good daddy just
chilling over there
oh my goodness Abram just has to do it
she does I hear dad I brought you
chapstick mm-hmm
are you ready to go to the doctor soon
they're gonna give you a checkup I
probably won't get a shot she's nervous
about that you ready little one
let's go tiny before we got ready to go
she started crying security ears are
hurting really bad so luckily we were
able T an appointment today kind of last
minute you know you got your hood on
okay it's not raining too hard take it
all the way out you say huh
whoo that feel yucky didn't fight the
did feel yucky you know what she's doing
she's testing this EP up strep throat
guys this is awful
so her temperature went up three degrees
from yesterday and one it went up two
degrees from early this morning she's
got an ear infection and she said on her
right side or I'm sorry her left side is
really bad on her right side is a mild
ear infection so she hasn't double your
infection I mean she's just like shaking
up a storm I hope you guys can see it
but the doctor said her temperature is
just too high to go get our neck
all right all right thank you thank you
we got your bubble gum medicine are you
excited to try it
I think she's excited about it
okay guys dinnertime are you ready to
see how my meal turned out it looks
pretty delicious
Behram said yeah so it's kind of like an
Asian taste to it so I served it over
some spinach and kale topped it off with
sunflower seeds walnuts and just a
little bit of coconut for the garnish
and so it is ready to serve dinner is
ready y'all so guys I sold a few more
images to GoPro and I want to share them
with you I just think it's incredible
that GoPro is my photos off me I
daydream all the time about different
things one of those dreams I had was
with GoPro when I first got GoPro and I
was experiment with I was like what if I
did such a good job that gold probably
been noticed and they actually noticed
me and I just I can't get over here oh
how awesome it is here's three images
they just recently bought for me this
one just me riding him around his coop
there was a couple other ones that I
loved so much more than this one I'll
have to show you guys this one they
actually paid the most for this one they
gave me more just like offer me more for
the photo which was really interesting
it's just simply fishing and then this
one of Symphony and Nia ice-skating I
really like this one of Symphony casting
but they did not buy that one and mommy
in the background looking on another
close shot I would like that shot and
this photo guys I really like this one
but again they didn't buy they actually
chose seven photos at first but I guess
the creative director narrowed it down
to three anyway super exciting just want
to share that with you guys and document
it you know for my kids in future when
they watch this video to be proud of me
good job buddy take a picture of the
floor right next to Wario you get better
and better at this though you got to
point it out Oreo like this
alright now press the button negative
place now can you point it at Oreo there
you go like that
alright I'm sorry little photographer
Wow
lift it up a little bit yeah yeah right
not that high let me help you okay fine
did you get one don't pull it don't pull
it there's a burrito okay that's enough
pictures for now okay it's all gone you
had three pictures you can take more
tomorrow here's three pictures daddy
because you took three already I don't
have unlimited son is it coming yeah
yeah
you took picture Oreo Wow took a picture
you
you
this is her temperature right now 103.7
that is ridiculously high symphony is so
sick it's so sad I've never seen her
like this before I just ran to the store
and got her these dissolvable panel hem
said quote just in case my voice woke
her up and I'm gonna be setting alarms
tonight for every four hours so I can go
pop a couple of these in her mouth
they're the dissolvable kind even we
went and got at the doctor today she
third up so I'm calling tomorrow to see
if they can call in a swallow ball or a
dissolvable antibiotic we just went in
there and she was kind of like I don't
mumble in in her sleep it was really sad
it was really cute she was like wow cool
we were like what do you think what do
you see and she was just happen sleep
she's really answering us but it was dad
and she's still kind of fever and we're
just really working to fight it off with
this Tylenol motrin whatever works today
I'm gonna do a random comment of the day
how about that mix it up a little bit
here we go I'm gonna put my mouse right
here and I'm just gonna scroll up down
down up up and down up and down and then
random selection oh let's going to Sarah
Schreiber
hope symphony feels better soon always
breaks my heart when my kids are sick
best thing you can do is cuddle them you
know guys we'll see you later don't
forget as always as always we love you
and remember to love each other and
remember to delicious homemade banana
nut muffins
me shout
for amnesty
