good morning guys
not good morning what are you making
buddy I can but you're sick remember
you're home from school cuz you're sick
good morning guys how are you guys doing
on this lovely lovely morning I would
love to go outside and ride my bike
where do something physical with the
kids but it is like freezing out there
it should be snowing so our city our
little city city of taro made the news
today because of Jamie Foxx did you guys
know Jamie Foxx was born here in taro he
was at his house in California and he
heard somebody crashed her car
I guess near his home he called 9-1-1
and went running to the caller they had
to break the window cut his seatbelt and
drag him out of the car and they said as
soon as they dragged him out five
seconds later the car went up in flames
so the saying Jamie Foxx is a real hero
now not just a Hollywood hero hey guys
there's some sad news for today we have
a sick girl on our hands she woke up
this morning with a hundred point five
fever so we're keeping her home from
school to some warm soup sound nice on
your throat yeah let me see what I can
do yeah her fever is gone
right now but she is very lethargic and
not feeling good at all you always know
when your kids are sick and not faking
it like even if they don't have a fever
or whatever you can just tell by the way
they're talking the things that upset
them you just tell you just always know
so anyways I'm trying to make some soup
she doesn't have very much to eat today
well I think that this is going to do
the trick a little salt and pepper a
little cumin I don't have those out yet
but I really think like these will help
with the broth add a little bit of that
this boil this put it into the corn in
you know good go what you slippin for
what
no candy hidden candy you find something
no no don't eat it but it came off the
floor yeah I clean it your daddy will
clean now the white tooth up there you
go buddy get by so you can eat all by
yourself now
yeah kinda pretty
she needs some chips on there what chips
birthday Wow crackers me no dream ginger
tea is now permanently excluded from my
diet that drink at one time it made my
stomach really upset like I want to
throw up I froze done drinking a cup of
it but I give it a second chance took a
couple sips of it thinking maybe I drink
it too fast the first time and yeah no
can't do it
I thought you were sleeping are you
sleeping you okay
Kendall popsicle no you look at me
okay you booty her so is it okay okay
your boobies okay it's good here buddy
real good
I've been trying to amp up this guy's
health I told you I've been using this
this is the wild berry stuff I've been
using for him symphony doesn't like it
but um
Avery's been drinking a lot of
vegetables in there but it's hitting
with the berry flavor and then I'll
juice a couple apples to mix it with I
finally got her to take some tremens
motrin but her fevers so there I'm gonna
check it again all right okay that's a
little bit better 99.3 this morning was
100.5 alone so that's a little better it
still got a little bit of fever but it's
gone down some what's going on in here
I've been putting powder on your tummy
mom you want to come take a look at this
I know know that pork
come on your belly buddy not the floor
okay I'm trying to get all soft should
we be all done what time he's very
serious about it go ahead buddy one more
time okay all right that's good
one more time get you out a soft little
man that mind outta ya my feet I can't
believe it why he's both put his PJs on
what to be soft in him yes oh my god
Wow my gosh look at the cow yeah it's
clean me down now you're ready to put
your PJs on
what's the fingers hey we're still sick
that's good
therefore I am going out with a buddy of
mine Joel but we'll go see a movie
captioned dinner going a bro date you
know I'm worried in her bed plus you're
Abram what are you doing oh just
chilling before you leave you really are
chilling ah speaking of chill chill ease
I introduced you last time you're on the
vlog is the conversation we had about
the tornado well just my soul and voice
have been on there your soul react your
soul came to Roman action Tillerson
hasn't been on there
but yeah guys this a Joel he's a good
guy used to we've known each other for a
long time oh you got a blog inside the
restaurant yeah why not over it we're
gonna look you'll know I have a sticker
back there now he actually dated my
sister you remember that the word
friends for a little while and then we
stopped being friends every day my
sister you were just recently
reconnected hey Don
we are vlogging I am blogging yeah no
one hears us yeah
penises on channel 2 very few people who
know what I'm doing I'm carrying this
camera could you watch PvP you know who
they are
boy members ago yes hello our channel
called salmony if you're on sega side we
really Suleyman yeah I've seen souvenir
to actually tell me a lot i want i watch
the frozen video you're already seeing
it absolutely yeah you are subscribed
yeah cool just now I did not like I was
scrolling through this Raven we met a
subscriber here Chili's employee hello
they just needed to write so you're a
fan basic you know that right oh my
wishes hey Sebastian
it's about fast motion exam are you
gonna take the book a room no no all
right you can pick it them that way we
on the dog in Jelena oh that one's in my
purse in the car
yeah yeah I don't have that one baby I
have Fancy Nancy spectacular spectacles
all right m√°ximo go to school now Emily
what do we do with our hands where do
where do our hands go ah good job they
go in your lap or on the armrest good
job accent mo we're best friends they
lived in a cozy cage yeah
bing-bang-boom we're moving they cry
where to said max hey guys welcome home
it is a furnace in here I walked in the
door and the house was like 90 degrees
it was all the way up I had to like take
off my clothes and walk outside and go
check the metal to cool off she had a
heater on in here probably the milk I'm
having hot flashes come on oh look at
you I did comment of the day goes to
Hannah Martin she asked a question why
do you go to symphonies recess yeah why
do you go to symphonies recess I go to
somebody's recess because at her school
we have to have parent partner hours and
we have to volunteer a certain number of
hours each semester
I think it's 25 per semester so guys
we're planning on our trip soon aren't
we
it's going to be a small trip symphony
gets a week off school or almost two
weeks yeah she gets like 10 days off
that's called winter break
but I also want to take a smaller trip
before them I haven't talked to her
about but anyway we'll see you guys
tomorrow
as always don't forget
yeah
he shouts
