by the same guy loved by the same heart
we've got
in this together morning guys from me
and this girl hey guys and in spoken
Amanda mommy's to me we have a fun
playdate this morning it's early in the
morning for me it's 9 o'clock I'm
usually just like dragging in my jammies
right now but I'm a nanny they're coming
over for Sam and Heath to go have coffee
and meet up and talk good stuff and
Amanda and her girls are coming over to
play
Sadie might come over - how are you guys
doing today I bet you're wondering why
we skipped two days in a row we skip
Monday because why did we skip my name
you've logged most of the day and then
all footage she took would not work I
want to go put on the computer and none
of it was working I don't know what was
going on we recently got a new camera
and maybe the card wasn't formatted
properly or something but none of the
footage I could haven't played back on
on the camera or on my computer so I
just ended up not making a vlog at all
what's up girl
you noticed we're missing our button I'm
just saw you looking at it did Oh the
button came off weird
that's your prison over there where
right there you go bro
happy birthday did you wrap this with me
after you come over my present so it'll
be a surprise for you consider you an
artist already know it has knee errata
so you should open it oh all my rapping
skills well I members enjoying it that
was a good rant
oh cool the deep bed da cartridge so
it's his Study Bible II yes
oh that's cool wait for it
hey guys I'm back from recess it was a
quick day it felt like it went by really
fast even though it was cold outside and
now it's time to make some wreaths II
usually I like to watch some Netflix
while I do my reefs but today I'm not
going to guess Sam is home and awake on
where he went but so yes tonight energy
C getting a little bit different with
theirs good of your time worth like some
of us talk about some things that are
being updated and GC such as like
childcare food
Sam's thing he has talked with you guys
about and some other things like a book
study that we're doing just random
little things and so my area is to talk
about the kids sometimes it feels like
they're just not really included and
what we're doing and less we're mingling
but like the deeper stuff they just go
off and play
I'm all done I feel like skin I think
the color scheme turned out good and
kind of flowed naturally already for you
machine and it's come in mommy daddy
picture he loved it he wanted he said I
want to bring it to bed today
okay know what just stays there for when
you go night-night
okay yeah okay I'll put it back for you
mom daddy and boom we always had
pictures and symphonies room up the two
of us with her he's kind of a special
thing for kids yeah I need but we need
one well he's never had one is very know
we also had symphonies room have a
picture of us remember were dating the
days fly by when I have recess time so
it's like I get up early because we take
her to school then right after I get
ready for the day and have a little bit
of breakfast and coffee I go Theresa
come home and then had to get her but
before I leave I'm stirring up my dish
these are like an extra of barbecue
sauce and fruit and jelly leave it on
the pilot writing about black cool have
a school
what is it I need that got me mommy
yeah buddy your baby now you got call I
can't walk on his leg Sam just said we
have a problem baby again Abram was
going up and down up and down symphonies
bunk bed today he was doing perfectly
fine and his socks slipped on one of the
I think his socks slipped Sam said he
jumped and he fell down on to his left
side so we're kind of watching him he's
crawling around he's acting fine he can
stand on it but when he starts to walk
up take like two steps and a ho like act
like it hurts and so we're watching him
all right guys let's go to G see where
this is having her first contractions I
think the baby's trying to say something
my gosh stop come to Daddy he's really
cool hey this summation oh my gosh which
was really like a major cramp right now
where is it it's like right here and my
stomach got really hard right in there -
I told her she just she would just push
a little bit go she Pro feel a lot
better go down it's not like that like I
would admit if it was like a gasps pain
it's like something different like I ran
for a long time you know and your sides
hurt like a feeling right there that's
what it is you just walk too much you go
relax go lay down I think she got up too
fast I got excited about G C just pop
right up
he started out really low to the ground
and he worked his way up and now he's at
he's waukee's day nobody did you pull a
butt muscle did you pull booty muscle I
try to walk to Daddy
oh no he can't do it quick yeah okay
good job buddy you made it
I got two people came here it costs to
pay to be honest I'm really wise I know
I'm a nurse honey
oh he's part of the call around I've
already done a pretty good assessment on
him and it's pretty obvious he didn't
break anything
probably just a pulled muscle but in the
morning that's still he can't still bear
weight on it
he probably it's probably taken my
urgent care something came onto the
camera buddy Rosati hello walk slowly
john-boy
yeah where's Jackie this is brown boots
damn y'all go good job good job guys
I'll be very quiet the kids were
sleeping hey princess and daddy to carry
you okay come to your dad dad dad oh
okay I'll just need to cup here you're
slipping yeah heavy you know oh she
asked me to corner kitchen that your
booty bump still hurt he's actually
doing a lot better
it's pretty crazy he's running all over
the fence up there was he oh it's good
climbing the work man I'm just so
thankful to God that this guy has not
like seriously hurt himself I actually
broke my leg one time falling off a bed
I just thought about that I broke my leg
what I'm falling off the bed you're not
sick you're just a sleepyhead
you see hmm the world so hard
my man's girl go twinkle star what you
happy national popular that early what
you think we popcorn just like slap me
around the face are you thinking thank
you it's nice and hot great day
every new it's about ridiculous thinking
like where is he I want to watch a movie
in there you're the president
no he did not Oreo happy national
popcorn day everyone not so national
popcorn day originates from who knows I
was like me you serious no but I do know
April 7th is caramel popcorn I hope
you're ready babe this one's gonna hurt
yo you better look good our first
regular guys happy national popcorn day
hope you guys are having a great one
we're celebrating by indulging and just
some very natural unflavored unsalted
unbuttered stove cooked popcorn yes so
don't forget guys yeah we love you and
remember to love each other
