thank you okay let's hear I'm going to a
baby shower I gotta go I'm very late bye
guys I love you okay bye
I'm late I'm late for a very important
date I am bringing a part of the decor
for and the food for the baby shower and
I'm very late I have to go by the donut
shop
by the same
to live
to give
in this together there's more than one
pregnant person so you never know those
bear claws I guess they're kind of big I
probably didn't need to get two dozen
but I think there's gonna be a this is
what's happening for me today community
emergency response to a disaster were to
strike rock wall what do you know what
to do this is my class cause look how
cute perfect piggies with pigs in a
blanket if you give a cat a cupcake with
cupcakes if you give a mouse a cookie
we're going on a bear hunt if you give a
dog a donut this is a popular favor I
didn't know that I brought this one we
have green eggs and ham with quiche so
cute if it's time for a big shower this
is a better than hating everything I
look really the telev three cheese oh my
gosh that is the cutest thing I'm
looking for the high that's definitely
our high I would probably think this way
there one built like this would behold
the most load
yeah let it go she loves doing that yeah
so now we have both of those blobs and
make sure that you do not get any of
that disease on you grab it here and you
just got to get it under here make sure
you don't get it on your hands at all
like that
you can do without getting on your hands
it's ideal so you do it without getting
on your hands
the training went pretty good at first I
slept a lot I have a factory cups of
coffee now I'm still just like kept
nodding off they even called me out on
it a couple times it remind me a lot of
nursing school because I fell asleep at
the beginning all the time in nursing
school and then towards the end I'll
just make stupid jokes crack jokes you
know I think it's cool I'm getting to do
the same kind of it's kind of a way for
me to use my nursing degree since I'm
not using it anymore I did spend at
least two very hard years and certain
four years to get the whole degree but
to just like very dedicated all my time
to nursing school guess who's coming
over
Uncle Mary true thanks for your thumb no
just your phone I'm gonna eat it did you
guys ever do this in middle school
he wants to jack it back man I don't
have his check you're wearing it this is
your jacket Abram it looks like your
side it's a zipper huh what do you guys
want to go eat oh man see you later pal
I said our door doesn't match your house
guys I feel like it does so we're gonna
Oscar Delta again he requested it
tonight I saw the pictures and that's an
all that you said she texted me said how
could you go to Oscar Delta not bring me
back there's something about it that
it's better than like a Mexican
restaurant it's so much more than like I
feel like when I go into
Mexican restaurant is they all taste the
same they all taste kind of launched YUM
that fatties appreciate it grilled
avocados again there were just too good
yesterday
hi guys
great beans
did I save these save use plates
it doesn't fit okay we just got home
guys we have these packages that came
from Sam's twin and his wife today
kind of like late Christmas gift day and
so we're facetiming them here in a bit
wrapper the answer yeah there they are
hey guys hi Matt hey Mike
okay to know what that is right there's
fish you saw this at Walmart the same
one
today today that's crazy
what is that it's a shawl it's like you
cover it she made that yes that's really
yeah I know she made this it looks like
sadnesses sweater
oh I'm Jamie I really love it it's so
cute it looks good you're so sweet
making that her sweet hands maybe I
I've been trying to expand my palate
lately guys and green tea has been one
of those ways dark chocolate and salad
and stuff I've always loved salad but
Matt and I are going to wind down with
some green tea not to you
yeah you don't have deep time with me
deep time is Oprah Winfrey calls deep
time kind of like your prayer time in
her religion
what's cup do you want Matt we want to
injure grain you know they say grain she
brings to buyer green she brings you by
so do you boil your water when you do
your teeth yes I always you know that's
why I do it
no no that was it we're up early we're
supposed to be at a certain temperature
or you release like toxins that are in
the tea bag I thought it was if you
leave it in too long there's both really
yeah if the water is too hot and if you
leave it in too long well I guess
there's like a delicate balance between
getting the right tea the right flavor I
also put a splash of lemon in the green
tea they say that kind of activates it
makes a little bit more healthier those
lemon juice yeah I'm trying to do less
and less honey each time like literally
that's it so wouldn't watch the walk
have you guys seen the walk starring
Joseph gordon-levitt got some really
good reviews from Spain Kingsley whoever
that is whoever that is yeah who's that
was in that guy played Professor Xavier
or anyway I want to let Matt to come of
the day today based on Symphony's cup
look like Abraham Lincoln I saw a face
inside of symphonies yogurt cup oh oh
you did somebody saw it needed see it
needed it in symphony so I guess
somebody actually saw the face I guess
Olivia cross saw Abraham Lincoln a bring
you see a face a bow say this bright
good face to see yeah
all right so that's commented a man yeah
I think it's a good call it we'll see
you guys tomorrow
but don't forget as always we love you
remember to love each other
