it's a breath
James you've got this
you seem sorry you know that you've done
this before
should I just come on in let me get here
no having a little too much fun with
these little dogs their bag netic
where's the baby oh you see yourself oh
that's cute isn't it that's cute
faint ghost image of being out of there
hi Sara
Oh sweetie it was a really loving
remember Sara gave me a grateful jar
have you guys felt anybody made one or
filled it up I haven't put anything in
mind this last week I was like God the
whole week I didn't put anything in my
jar to tell Sarah that my jar is still
deep hi guys
tell me what you did today
go wash for the first time and you're
gonna first pierce it with a knife so
I'm gonna pierce this squash six minutes
on one time you rotate at six minutes on
the other side and apparently you just
cut it open and take out the spaghetti
I've never done this before
I'm nervous about it so many X's and
IMO's I'm gonna block you right here
free free
good job I'm gonna come up and block you
right here that's the only other place
to the right there so what does that
mean who won that can the cat won this
game there's this side of it I wanna
taste it oh my gosh you guys so I love
squash and I just I'll just try a little
piece of this so Wow look at that I
don't know maybe I could have cooked it
a little bit longer but I'm not sure it
looks very tender you take the seeds out
look at those noodles in there that
looks so yummy it tastes so much better
than actual noodles to me it's crazy
that this is like a healthy alternative
I am not sticking with the noodles I'm
sticking with
yes you like the squash better now me
too
now that dinner's done and it's up in
vain we are gonna try this ice cream
recipe again ah stuck a little bit
there's no blades in their back
we're not quite finished yet but it is
getting creamier
oh my gosh you guys actually smells like
ice cream this time doesn't smell
smoothie ish so now we have to put it
back in the freezer for you just until
it's frozen I guess 30 minutes he's
gonna do the honors that's a big bite
babe mmm good is it better
oh I like it with me I am Nikki oh yeah
she just brushed her teeth man let me
try it come on my teeth fit yeah the
texture is definitely better there we go
okay you guys might be wondering where
Sam is that I forgot to tell you he went
with our GC some of the guys from our GC
and maybe a couple of the women too to
help move a family they're moving out of
their house it was a last-minute deal
and so Sam is there helping them load
stuff and move Sammy's back now hey
match whatever moistens daddy that's
daddy
turquoise and monkeys and savouring like
a white shirt we can manage daddy hey
guys I know you probably missed me today
we're getting a lot of people guessing
about the baby's name and looking for
letters and then yesterday's vlog but I
guess we didn't make it clear that we
weren't going to put a letter in every
single vlog we were just going to do a
little bit out of time today before
yesterday's vlog was your first clue
there's a letter in there that's within
her name and we may do a different clue
tomorrow we will do a different clue
tomorrow you it'll be your second clue
but this person responded to somebody's
comment she said at 4:22 the two pins
would make the letter L and I already
know what the name is no you know if
you'd leave is eleda you don't know
oops I just gave you your second clue
you just paid a blues clue we just
figured out Blue's Clues
because we're really smart Wow oh and
this one's funny too three times I
watched the vlog to try to see the
letter and I couldn't see for the life
of me well it's not in there
Wow my face really broke out today
didn't it I'm putting this tonic stuff
that Nia got me for Christmas on there
and if time I put it on there breaks out
and I still keep using it
what an idiot but anyway guys we'll see
you tomorrow thanks for dealing with
those for this short sweet little boring
vlog today but we'll see you guys
tomorrow
as always you better not forget it
