good morning guys how's it going me and
little buddy right now we just had a
playdate who did we play with Isaac
today and who else
he was Kade here oh my gosh you guys so
that she has an 18 month or 19 month old
son you ever see a girl sweet he's funny
and he's adorable but he has a very hard
time sharing it was a rough morning for
me I would kept having to correct an
opinion I put him in timeout one it was
just a lot of learning moments for me as
a mom and Abram as a little boy because
he's just used to symphony and a lot of
times Symphony were just kind of
sacrifice what she wants to do for him
like he's upset because she just loves
him and she doesn't want to make a
dramatic mess I'm vacuuming but any what
I've been doing what are you doing buddy
it's not the baby sliding down the
fridge yeah
hi guys chicken hi guys its Samuel here
how's everybody doing today
this morning I met up with Heath and he
act like he wanted to vlog with him so
take out the camera I was like Katie so
what do you think about what we talked
about today
something like you recap it with you
guys and he got all shy and just kind of
it I turn around like took off yeah I'm
starting to try to yo I'm going to take
what I think this guy over it outside
you ready man you gotta go in the canoe
do sure those guys brand-new seats made
by Sam Paul Rader hold on buddy can you
get warrior one yeah get two of them for
you both of them Oh
Jochen a or yo we'll have a little bit
of problem guys these didn't hold up
did you bring a dollar today you're
gonna have to bring one and pay her back
already
so just like they have munching mondays
they also have Lisa on the porch we have
a little bit of a dilemma
let's do Anna a problem what's your
problem
this is our last year over at pop 8:00
a.m. to 4:00 p.m. every day is just
wearing this little girl out well I'm
trying to find it
okay can you guess we need to get some
you want the pink and purple okay you
can hold on to them
she loves cutting us assistant starting
school and we have yet to buy her child
scissors she's just been kind of using
fake ones or mine sometimes which is
really not good for her
all right one yogurt blueberry one
strawberry and we got this brand of the
coconut this sweet moment guys we've
just barely missed it oh sweet you so
glad you brother well mommy's leaving
this is what made him feel better to be
with sissy your lean your mommy's wreath
oh not like that hey y'all traffic is
the worst I'm a little late for dinner
why meet us off three minutes but I'm
like seven minutes
I'm a little late but I wanted to
clarify guys we need to be a little more
organized with our guessing game I guess
we didn't think about taking like the
magnets off our refrigerator and like
clearing out random letters that I have
around my craft area so when we say a
random letter it's totally gonna be
random and it's not going in order I
wanted to make sure and tell you guys
that too but we'll tell you when we're
done giving away all the letter close to
her name and then like you guys will
have the opportunity to unscrambling
we're here for days we plan this like I
don't know it's pretty last-minute and
we were gonna have dinner but we've been
trying to get together for a while lucky
but wonderful she's got a new fancy job
where she gets stuff oh yeah
wishes luck tell me watch this lit up we
wonder lo really is it tonight
yeah can't guess what your Papa's making
for dinner
sloppy javis
ground beef anyone what the TV hi guys
welcome to something evil eyes and today
we we're gonna play play with this puppy
in my pockets tassels one of the flats
of off and right now everything in
Abraham's in the city else at hi a brown
pay a low hello
yeah and Abraham's in the video he had
the special surprise and and he asked
for it while we're up here so I'm gonna
give it to him right tiny chatter huh
and I'm gonna help open it now open it
oversized dam I visit now you don't have
to
hey guys like them
they do a good job you guys know too
good of a job for sloppy joes I need you
to eat a little bit Messier yeah fun
that's the trick to getting your kids to
eat without making a mess you tell them
to make a mess okay they're really
sloppy yep Costco time katie has a
membership here and I guess there's no
Cusco where she lives
she moved pretty far away to a barren
empty town it has no Nia and no concept
and no Starbucks apparently we're here
to do a little bit of shopping do shot
people I got to get a Costco membership
I come I mean I've only come like once
or twice with Sharon Sam's mom and
she'll always get stuff from here I'm
like a did he go I need a membership I'd
never do it let's just get one mom here
yeah just get one like like stuff you
constantly need the paper we're at
Starbucks
they're so cute Valentine's Ian they're
only two dollars and I got one at
Christmas time and I was like I really
shouldn't get another one right away but
he's got a heart on it so while we're at
Starbucks we're gonna do a comment of
the day and tell you guys tonight
so this moment is from bully
yes this vlog is makes is making me see
letters and everywhere haha it's so true
I was thinking that the same with
editing the vlog channels that oh my
gosh there's a letter up there on my
shelf and then this painting ever has
letters all over it and then this over
here has letters all over and then
there's a random letter on the
frigerator and there's even another
random episode of the frigerator like
now we're like spotting all the random
letters in our house but as I explained
earlier it will be out of place anyways
guys as always I like Kati do it today
we love you and remember to love each
other
Oh
