good morning guys how's it going you
guys like my short hairdo today I did my
very first wand curl I don't know what
the back looks like I don't have a big
mirror I need to get one used my phone
today is recess day at Symphony school
but today is also something else do you
guys remember what today is
it's hint number one to baby girl's name
so somewhere throughout the vlog today
you will spot a random letter somewhere
that we're at and it won't be something
like on our pantry door up there where
it says Nia's pantry if that were the
case it would just be one letter it's
gonna be a totally random letter that
you see in the background of a shot
somewhere in today's vlog hmm remember
guys the dog a bag food come on right yo
hey guys don't good morning the thing I
want to talk about this morning guys
right away I just want to invite anybody
new to our channel or anybody who hasn't
subscribed to our channel to go ahead
and subscribe so you guys get
notifications a bit of time we post a
video notice on our stats that we have a
lot of people watching our videos that
aren't subscribed we've never really
formally done this before so I am
formally inviting you guys all your new
viewers to subscribe to our channel we'd
love to have you and yeah what else did
I want I also want to tell you guys
something else first thing here in the
morning my morning that leave morning I
can use looking good guys I got both of
the seats in now I'm just working on the
little cross braces I guess I'm sure
locking them did this side yesterday on
this side I fixed up all this all the
ends here as you can see it was pretty
bad oh yeah I also want to tell you guys
that Nia and I are opening up our very
own store online Amazon store we're
going to put it in the description box
and every single vlog but today it'll be
in there for the first time and I
decided to do this because when me and I
do things such as a the day before
yesterday I made a smoothie
I used the amazing grass inside my
smoothie I had several people asked me
you know where did you get that where
can I find it and that happens quite
often like we needed showed you guys
something that she likes and he goes I
cares about you guys I've been asked a
lot of people asked about what vlaar
berry is or cameras
use lenses I use right now I just have
photography health and beauty there also
be items in there that we own and that
we prove of that we really like and if
you guys are looking for something
similar this is what we would suggest
such as under health there'll be that
green grass mix that I have absolutely
loved so far and I also put one that
I've just recently bought for the kids
Abram loves it has a bunch of different
greens in it and it's kind of hidden
with as a grape or a wild berry but
anyway yeah go check out our store guys
Sam and Nia approved is what I'm calling
it for right now just the way for us to
to connect with you guys a little bit
better so you know you know the things
that we like the things that we use and
it's a very small way if you shop within
our store and buy them through Amazon
through our links we get a very small
percentage so it's another way to help
support us two hours to like eight hours
and what you do is you blend the frozen
fruit together until it's like this
creamy sweet mix in a little vanilla and
almond like you just mix it and you
don't blend it all together I'm sorry
okay now that that's freezing
I can show you guys what I'm making for
GC tonight okay so we're having gospel
community tonight we have every Tuesday
night the thing is that like a lot of
people are getting off of work and
people have families and they're busy
and I have always been very reserved
about serving food to people I don't
think I'm a very good cook but there
have been a few recipes here and there
since I've lived on my own with Sam that
I feel like I've learned how to make
well and potato soup is kind of one of
them so I'm getting ready to make the
second portion of it which is like the
roux this is just like the broth all the
veggies and the broth and the seeds
I've been cooking all day long and now
I'm about to put like the creamy art
into it which is like the milk and the
cheese all that so big cut tonight and
my as my potluck dish I'm trying to get
better at it and really just get over my
fear of serving people food anyway hey
everyone I put your shoes on buddy come
to your papa
come your Papa day guys I have a
throbbing migraine I wanna see my
anxious headache and something there's
some days when I have these headaches
that I don't want to take any medication
for it but today I'm just like you know
what we're going our jccc group I don't
want to be in pain the whole time time
off what no I guess you can't ever be in
the Christmas spirit too long see you
guys are still in the Christmas spirit
that's nice to see count that little one
over there
the car was warm
do you put water in it the ice does mix
with is intended to slushie
not go too long so keep eating yes keep
staying there at the camera right there
my face Oh guys take it easy I'm we get
to come of the day you're in a second
okay I just want to tell you a little
something something before I get to if
that's a care of to you guys that is
today I was sitting outside reading and
praying I was praying that I would be
God's hands be his feet without
requiring some somebody to lead me into
doing that I just feel like I wait a lot
for other people to lead me to do things
instead of me just doing it and stop
worrying if others are going to do it if
people are gonna follow me from when we
reject it for it so tonight right after
we got everybody stopped talking at the
RDC group Mike he said hey guys tonight
let's focus on what we can do
differently about our GC group how we
can change it things that are working
things that aren't working and that kind
of thing I brought up the topic of
getting out and bringing the presence of
Jesus outside of the houses that were
and so we discussed that a little bit
and Mike was like Sam they're absolutely
right and I'm actually just gonna bring
this to the meeting today and say that
we need somebody in charge of activities
and setting stuff up like that and Sam
you're gonna be in charge of that and he
literally just like put me in charge of
it right that in front of everybody I
was like all right I was I was really
nervous but very excited at the same
time more on that later guys but comment
of the day goes to April Salinas Austin
comment and awesome idea but I'm gonna
have to delete your comment she said Sam
you should get that boat all fixed up
for Valentine's Day knees in the bath
and surprise Nia with a cute Valentine's
Day slash picnic slash boat ride genius
like seriously genius I'm not even
joking these past several days I've been
thinking about Valentine's Day and
getting a little bit stressed out about
it
April Salinas thank you so much for that
awesome awesome idea I'm so so excited
and pumped about that
actually one delete right now but she
goes to comments while she's in the bath
we'll see you tomorrow God willing don't
forget we love you
and remember to love each other
