good morning guys how you guys doing
today being sips on our way to school
we're running a little bit late me and I
both forgot to set our laws I got
waffles at UK apart then you eat the
smaller ones so they're big mom waffles
have become little baby waffles
we didn't get you an alarm dumpling yeah
let's get you an alarm start waking up
on your own and you could come wake us
up
by the same guy by the same
and this together do you want these
buggies where are we Bobby Bobby with
sandy good morning everyone
we're on a Mommy and son trip just the
moms just the sons what are you getting
she said she needed something next month
so actually the next month keep it
coming
oh you're so tall
we need you get so big this is the life
just hands-free over here you got it you
got it go this way just go get a diaper
come on
first we get here in a room has a poopy
right away
we are now at Olive Garden Abram is
spinning his spaghetti like a champ
Missy
he said where's mine where's my food
good job buddy
I got a sampler plate can you tell I
want fried food and Sandy go to set okay
you see dolled up guy symphonies been
telling us about this thing called
Munchie Mondays now for a little bit and
she got a couple of dollars for
Christmas and so last night she came up
to me and she was like it's tomorrow
Monday and I said yes I have a dollar I
can do it I can go to munch Monday's so
what'd you pick out I got um sour
rainbows you're like Nicole then kids
are wanting a snack and they are just
throwing a fit for fruit so I'm gonna
make little fruit bowls what do you eat
on how you communicate how do you talk
to mommy pshh good job
- Piedra mommy please
so tonight guys will see the revenue bow
I have been a huge fan of leaner
DiCaprio since the very beginning of his
acting like when he first started acting
here the part that out for you know
younger women but at the same time I had
kind of a main person but I'm excited
about this film because of the things
people are saying about the
cinematography about the wilderness is
the main character in this movie I was
gonna go see it early this morning the
first showing but I decided to wait and
invite about to come along with me so
that's what we'll be doing tonight yeah
you got almond milk its original oh yeah
that's good Oh making homemade ice cream
hi guys we're just in the kitchen play
for a little bit yeah I'm waiting for Bo
to get here he's gonna take me to Forney
it's so nice driving all my hair I
didn't expect that at all I did it Bo I
really didn't but I'm gonna pay for the
movie because he drove out here and then
he's gonna buy popcorn because I paid
for the movie I'm gonna give him some
chocolate-covered walnuts because he
paid for the popcorn he made these last
night they're 80 percent dark chocolate
covered walnuts 15 minutes to spare sup
oh all right children mommy's gonna make
some homemade ice cream so who knows
what I need what do I need
Ice Cube's not quite flavoring pad not
flavoring packs I need a banana and
strawberries and vanilla and almond milk
and that's it that's all you need kill
the man all right okay now I'm gonna
steal wrap this plate up put it in the
freezer for about an hour and then if I
have some time left over for the kids go
to bed then I will blend up some ice
cream yeah yeah the revenant do you know
what revenant means I looked it up
Esther's revenge no no maybe it's a
spirit of a person
I guess dying to scream for revenge it's
a spirit has to do with revenge maybe a
revenge I don't know now the person who
comes back to the spirit - I got so yeah
it is it's a spirit of comes back after
death for no specific reason yeah
but in cases for that revenge may I
can you get the almond milk out for me I
mean yeah the one the the newer carton
of it okay so now with our frozen fruit
we are going to blend it with two
tablespoons of almond milk and half a
teaspoon of vanilla I think it takes too
much banana that was really yummy but
we'll give you guys the final verdict
tomorrow when we get it I'm doing with
some reason when we ice cream it also
starting tomorrow in tomorrow's vlog you
guys got to come back because we are
gonna have hand - number one - baby
girl's name the very first hint will
explain a little bit more in the morning
when we when we start our vlog but there
will be a hint tomorrow in it
all right who's ready for comment of the
day but first revenant guys the revenant
it was a very good movie my eggs are
done would you mind you're gonna turn it
off and we just turn it off and let it
sit guys I'm gonna go yeah let me just
get there same time I'm vlogging so it's
much easier for her to get up with all
that stuff than this for me to get up
with a camera in my hand right anyway
guys the revenue it was good I paid for
a whole seat and I ended up on using the
edge of it if you're not into gore I
want to go see it if you're into bear
attacks I would definitely go see it the
best bird scene I've ever seen a comment
of the day comes from pizza farts 19 she
says my baby brother is like just like
Abram when the trash man comes we go
outside and they wave and honk the horn
April's too cute that's a good idea
tomorrow's trash day in the morning I'm
going to take Abram out there to go
watch them pick up the trash that's a
great idea
Thank You pizza farts 19 hope you guys
had a great day have a great night we'll
see you tomorrow as always god willing
don't forget
