it's all me good morning fam what are we
eating sis Eddie's and my favorite
sausage symphonies are really
enthusiastic mu this morning hey buddy
good morning yeah yeah you got sauce
syrup come on give me some syrup good
morning guys hey easy on the Tooting
come on here everybody how you guys
doing so lately I've had a new morning
routine I've been juicing apples and
then mixing in this green superfood but
instead of do you think today I'm ready
yes you you're right you gotta let them
ripen a little bit yeah so let's see
what I'm gonna put in my smoothie today
I prefer to blend these now I did the
juicing who knows like you know what you
start blending so I keep all the
fighting I'll put some QT juice in it
yeah cuz we don't have any oranges and
this is never from concentrate that
means it was never boiled down to get
the water out of it yeah we just move it
that okay I'm also gonna add my
pomegranate blueberry juice a little bit
of this I'm also gonna put two Kiwis in
there cuz Kiwis are really high in
vitamin C
some are blended twice once before I put
like green grass this is actually a duck
bunch of different grasses let me tell
you guys it's an organic wheatgrass
organic barley grass organic alfalfa
yeah Organic dare you enlighten and the
rim of spinach organic
organic broccoli and some other things
but yeah there's a log different grasses
in there though supposedly baking
superfoods and strong and antioxidants
let's try over some Greek yogurt yeah
yep
I'm trying to do this three times a day
but at least twice a day with the green
powder I've been doing it for a couple
weeks now and I've noticed the
difference and my energy waking up in
the money I feel just more awake I drink
one before bed there's probably just an
Apple one alcohol some water and a scoop
of that and in the morning now I belong
been known as past couple of days I'm
gonna start blending I'm using your
squealing guys guys I'm going through
Symphony's closet trying to declutter
and I kept like two baskets of her old
stuff this is now full anyway but so I
have a few outfits here this is what we
brought symphony home in like house
sweet that it has a little stain on it
I'm so gonna keep it oh I wish it better
than I do
I do and then also in the hospital
Symphony wore this outfit that the day
that the family came to meet her Michael
flew in has a paint on the booty Rachel
was there my mom was there you keep it
pretty simple huh this was my favorite
dress that Symphony wore as a little
baby and our new baby gets to wear it
again it's a size a berry berry girl a
very special girl Oh a newborn oh my god
is a new little baby gets to wear this
gosh I'm so glad I kept ISM and then
these I guess these were some special
PJ's to us she wear the pool a lot so he
kept down and even if the new baby
doesn't wear all of this stuff some of
this I just you know keep for symphony
but get rid of all this stuff somewhere
down there
two symphonies one year birthday dress
and symphony and the new baby Arlen I'm
at the part in their birthday months so
you know then your baby could wear this
- I found a couple other ones but I want
to show you guys this sweet little dress
Symphony wore when she was three months
old my cousin made this she also made
her some shoes to go with it I don't
know that we still have the shoes that
we have one of them and then my aunt
Helen what you guys are seeing under
like she made this dress or something
this is like a 9-month size dress or
like a six-mile you guys I just can't
take very much more so I also went
through the bottom of Abraham's drawer I
knew he had some babyish things in there
and I found this little pajama set see
it's like a gingham blue and white
checkers it comes with a little bit and
it also comes with matching pants so
Symphony wore these abram or these and
now little baby is gonna wear these
they're size three to six months which
is you know perfect she will be
let's see June July August September so
be between September and November that
she's able to wear that I also found
this a little onesie it says mommy's
alarm clock with a little birdie on it I
mean this is just totally a typical
little sleeper but my best friend Emily
got this for Symphony and then Abram
wore it even though it's got a bird and
stuff on it cuz it yellow and then this
came from Sharon or my mom I don't
remember but it says grandma's Christmas
cutie so I'm gonna hang all that up her
little area over here is expanding and
I've got two boxes and Symphony's closet
I have a little tote down here with some
shoes that I found these were symphonies
first Tom's and I have a matching pair I
feel like when the baby gets here in she
can fit and these I might have to get
Symphony another pair so that all three
girls can match
Wow mommy really made this room look
nice I didn't know it had schedule look
at that and see all that a while what we
do match yeah high-five
beep-boop we're bringing the sprinkles
for
the Easy Bake Oven know Nana's I'm gonna
cut it and then I'm gonna cut our cake
into sweet all right
do you get to really eat it yes cool you
gonna save us apiece well we don't have
frosting so so the sprinkles might go
everywhere Oh gotcha okay it's okay if
you don't upset at the tip daddy good
tip okay if I put it if I accidentally
pulling on the side where it's hanging
off of it okay yeah I'm totally doing
that what you're saying right now roses
at Nana's house hi mom come on buddy
let's go eat dinner with Nana would you
get bubbies whoa that's for vocal juju
it's a garbage to me it's too big for
you yeah monster bus
comment of the day comes from Kathy
Goodall Nia your hair so cute you look
so beautiful and cute really shapes your
face good and the color is really cute I
love her new haircut guys I think it
like brings her hotness to a whole new
level I look at him like mmmmmm looking
at her now on the vlog that's incredible
without her good I think it's perfect
for her I was always against her getting
her hair cut short but um I think she
found one that just looked perfect on
her but anyway guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget as always
