oh she said please and I don't think
I'll ever tell me about this together
good morning guys
it is so freezing in the house Juliet is
taking her morning nap Symphony's at
school and I am trying to get started on
this laundry right here big ol nice pile
of laundry and I'm just like cannot cut
on enough clothes I have got on to shirt
pair of pants really tall socks really
fuzzy remove my robe my hat and my scarf
I'm thinking about putting gloves on but
I'm gonna be hanging up clothes with him
or something like oh I do it's so cool I
cannot believe Sam's working in Oklahoma
like outside I just like the idea of
going outside sounds miserable to me
yeah we're fanbase that care you guys
doing today I woke up with a headache
thanks for my having my neck up we try
to watch King Kong last night how long
of a movie that is guess like the new
King Kong that was so ridiculously
stupid but it got fairly good ratings
it's nothing compared to the Peter
Jackson King Kong that's one of my
all-time favorite movies but anyway
every Minar eat some cereal starting up
per day trying to get rid of this milk
that expires today are you doing eating
oh whatever you do but don't hit the
tree and you turn towards my right there
you got to turn it turn it going to hit
that tree right there okay I'll turn
back the other way
no keep turning it that way alright but
a nice dragon oh my goodness your hanger
that must be so uncomfortable happy baby
did you have a good nap really good bye
bunny with your bunny
oh are you stuck stay help please good
job oh you're just gonna do that okay
hmm I'm gonna have my first copy of the
day and not have any tomato sugar
do I go outside you do okay let mommy
get the trash and then we'll class if
the lines are still frozen yup still no
water buddy as you can see it's warming
up out here not too much there's still
ice but if fellow the wheelbarrow well
still solve peace Lisa fill out you know
it's a good sign so you guys remember
yesterday the back door where it was
just falling apart just walking on there
there's basically nothing there
supporting the doorway back well here it
is so all this has been replaced the
only thing supporting this brewery was
this literally just that this wasn't
there this wasn't there so this was just
free and all this was breaking off I
added this both of these both of these
and all that I just can't believe I did
that anyway this was like huge gaps in
there now it's all level not perfectly
I'm gonna go and do that tonight I can't
do it now because the laser I can't see
the laser during the day outside yeah
it's coming along
hi Abram your icecream can I get a
spiral chocolate vanilla spiral ice
cream please thank you you guys sure oh
thanks that looks delicious yeah it
doesn't really taste like ice cream are
you sure about this yeah our only ice I
think you need some new ice cream cuz
this ice cream is kind of hard oh my
goodness it feels so incredible here
right now I mean it's just like
miraculous feeling I am NOT a fan of the
super duper duper duper cold weather and
I just love being I got a coat on such a
transformation from how I felt this
morning
Dameon clean up the yard a little bit
there's just stuff around kids cars and
fake snow Oh somebody's on boo-boo what
happened
okay fine it's a no no see I'll let me
sleep in one morning and they came out
here and did little hanging friends on
paper plates they forgot to take them in
once it dried it's so cute I love it I'm
gonna cut out the circles and do
something with them you want a swing
baby yeah
you guys she's so happy to be outside
playing so to me I love the car they
don't fix it by by oh oh my goodness
you're so cute all right guys I'm moving
on to a new job I'm gonna rebuild this
wall right here it's bothering me the
way they built it nothing underneath
this wall supporting it's all just loose
and so are working on the foundation for
now this whole wall there's loose and
the way they've got it built up there
it's all crooked different sized pieces
of wood just need to go it's ridiculous
what he did here so I'm gonna do that
right now
oh my gosh you guys are gonna believe
this I found out what that noise was I
thought I was like a leak in the gas
language well but it's too consistent
and I just found out what it was it's
the creepiest thing in the world and I
don't think I'll ever tell me about this
family and I'm like reeled in they had
to follow up video and I'm just like
cannot stop listening their advice and
their wisdom is so just good and sound
and I love it I love that family already
they're hilarious they're entertaining
and just so creative but just sitting
down and listening to their hearts
regarding the Logan Paul situation it's
just so good and it goes so much deeper
than just pointing fingers or shaming
anyone there was none of that and it was
still just so good there is so much good
to be shared within our world we're all
you know kind of responsible for bad
things being shown and being more
relevant than the good thing as like a
human race in this generation who is so
plugged into our phones and YouTube and
I don't even think we realize like what
we contribute to what everyone is seeing
and viewing and it was just so
insightful the way they put it into
their words which got me thinking and
got me just feeling all these emotions
and we might be having the worst day
ever the worst year ever the worst
decade ever of our life you could just
be feeling so hopeless and so like what
is the point to my life I've had those
moments before I have totally had to
thought like what is the point of my
life if this has happened and this has
happened and I can't do this
successfully then what is the point but
that is such a lie from the enemy God is
just so much bigger than these lies from
the enemy he is so much bigger and more
real if you just like look to him if we
just look to the good in the world if we
just give that the attention versus
giving the negative things attention
it's so powerful those decisions we make
was a bat it's a bed under a house I've
been calling around under there
so we're dying bat I must have smashed
it we're working Oh gross
oh it's a little baby oh how freaking
creepy oh no you okay buddy
oh my gosh sorry guy look at those wings
holy smokes that's probably the
creepiest thing I've ever seen in my
entire life
oh my gosh like straight out of a horror
flick I'm gonna have nightmares next
time I get under there being attacked by
bats welcome back from school we all
missed you so much
so as you guys remember symphony had
requested a week of play dates and we've
had a slight little twist in that
haven't we
telling the plan okay so we're going
doing caspase-8 Andrea we tried to have
a playdate it fell through because our
friend had a dentist doctor's
appointment they get together until way
my way later tonight and it was way too
late so after school we drove to this
coffee shop in Rockwall and we're about
to go have a little snack with aunt
Andrea
Nana and Andrea's mom who lives in
Michigan she's in town and we spent time
with her the last time she was here
which was for the wedding so you know
with her being in town we just want to
spend some time with her so we'll see
her here in a bit
oh is that what you're gonna get today
yummy thank you oh my goodness
Julia can you say please she says please
like that okay so you get just a little
bit of water like this and your straw
and then you just barely drip it
can you drip a little more you have to
hold your finger at the top of it
because that's what trumps the water is
juliette do you want a snack okay how
about a grilled cheese sandwich oh my
goodness what she wants you to have a
dream no she says please
Avram and I are gonna try to a new
restaurant here in hoja town it's called
a Bendigo the grill coffee bar they got
gifts they even have apparel and ribs
and steak but this is it pretty fancy I
like those lights or the shooting
beckons to me after you sir
those are awesome however my phone spoon
for your cereal tomorrow you want to use
that thank you oh you think so
let me see you try to take a bite yeah
too big
get three O's in a row so
right there Mike it's right over there
right here
hey guys welcome back home that was a
pretty quick little outie that he did
not eat dinner there Julia and I did and
so I am gonna warm up yesterday's
chicken noodle soup but let's be for
real guys and take note of Julia it's
bedtime attire she has got her fuzzy saw
pulled all it to her little chubby cat
on both sides she's got a bib on let me
hear me oh man are you doing art before
bed
oh you guys I just finished my workout
I've worked out every single day of 2018
it kicked my butt but I am all fresh and
ready for bed now I am going to get a
little bit of work done before I go to
bed I gotta update you guys on the whole
like dimmer Gorgon in my ceiling
situation last night I'm sitting in bed
for the second night in a row and I hear
the ceiling but I only heard it that one
time thankfully tonight I've heard
nothing I'm hoping that when Sam gets
home this weekend he will just
completely fix the problem right babe
you're watching this you're gonna fix a
problem right he's going to he's my hero
I know he'll fix it all right the
comment goes to Patricia Dyson this is
probably like the seventh comment I've
seen along these lines and she said
should not give the kids booze
obviously we denied of our kids booze
you guys come on how long have you been
watching Sam and Nia it was sparkling
grape juice that the hotel provided and
gave to all of the people staying
overnight for the New Year's Eve party I
appreciate your concern but come on you
know I'll have a lot more faith in us
over here we would not give our kids
booze you like the food I've been the
goose all right all the way there's
really good remember us we squeeze over
what am I gonna let me squeeze you hey
guys I just started thinking about what
am I gonna do Abram starts to go to
school which is gonna happen pretty soon
I'm not gonna be able to come out here
with him as often as I have been makes
me sad guys everyone growing up it's
really strange because I'm like enjoying
every growing up and mourning it at the
exact same time yeah it's kind of get
what I'm saying I like I'm seeing him
grow before my eyes and it's making me
sad and happy at the very same moment
well I'm enjoying him at his age I'm not
happy about him growing up I'm happy
about where he's at but I'm sad about
him getting older it's like I'm
constantly sad about it what's something
question tonight what is something that
makes you sad very often all right guys
we will catch you tomorrow we're gonna
head home tomorrow evening but as always
don't forget we love you and remember
to love each other and she brought me
this really special keepsake that I had
I think some America struggles with you
miss mommy
