we're washing out the hungry laughs and
then we're gonna count them so they're
pretty cool are we doing what we could
with highlights - yes there are some of
those and some ombre hello so you did
all of them all at once yes
they're all in here on the back I think
it's gonna look cool you guys
by the same guy loved by the same heart
we've got to
to give
and this together it's cold outside you
do need to put that on before we get in
the car okay good morning guys we are up
bright and early
it is the day I fix this take it
no√© yeah it's called fog
good morning oh look at that sweet smile
yeah you do have mommy mommy is here
baby oh look at that face you want to go
see Bebo yeah you do
alrighty the kids are dropped off at my
parents I get my hair done in the town
or my parents look like a few miles away
but so so excited it's really foggy I'm
here guys hey Jenny
hey what's up you're so cute popping up
behind me oh gosh get ready for a mop
it's really bad in fact you should see
it when I straighten it how it looks
since you did the swing Bob different
girl it looks like I was drunk or
something Phil he's a horrible I'm all
ready to go you know I think I'll just
walk out like that are these little
light I mean not hombre Kylie yeah
continues computer
not so famous on TV
you're subbing against the amigo this is
Kelsey hey girl
what are you doing right now I'm just
curious I'm heating up the oil so it's
processed so instead of putting me under
yeah
yeah good it's cold on Call of Duty for
video we're looking at wedding photos
Sam did to her best friend's wedding how
my best friend's wedding that's my
favorite movie
Sam's really good photographers no but
you're talking about we're washing out
that long weary life and then we're
gonna count them so they're pretty cool
are we doing what we can move on to yes
there are some of those and some ombre
hello so you did all of them all at once
yes they're all in here on the bottom I
think it's gonna look cool you guys
oh wow that's a lot I'm excited I used
to always keep one in my or some of you
much you have naturally brown here yeah
do it's really dark yeah I'm done
washing look like Darth Vader girl
what ever I think I'm gonna see a midget
she's really short I'm really short look
how short she's sad get her boots on
just to stand on a stool when she does
hair right don't you stand on the stool
ya notice so funny doing a chairs go up
and down so now we're gonna cut it yep
we're gonna cut it we're gonna even it
all I'll show you guys when it's all
done
I guess that flushes the hairstyles that
I've got did we cut all the pillar if I
can't see it but maybe a camera it's the
camera
I gotta shape it all up there's a little
bit there's some under there
y'all this is actually happening right
now I am running errands with foil in my
hair because we redid a little section
of it I'm not sure that's gonna hold it
in their place is really cute and has
scriptures written on their jeans and
there's my Christian music in here it's
really cool I love coffee shop cause
it's just a little hole in one place I
didn't even know was here some back now
is the front of the dryer I'm so glad I
went and ran errands and got some stuff
that I went picked up lunch I'm going to
my mom's right after this but we just
had to add a little bit to bins other
layers because when you cut my hair to
see any of the color that we put into it
I just in here loud in here people my
youtube stuff I just love it is the
genius awesome see the back of it she
does fix the back of it for me I'm so
not a short haired girl you guys all
know that but I had to fix it it was
like that swing bought it was doing that
weird you in the back and Jenny fix it I
love it thanks Jenny
hey do you like we're here my name's
today yeah come in the light I wanna
show you more of it I should have asked
you with the camera off I knew you would
say yes if I had the camera on do you
like you that's good you think so
can you tell you see the back the color
so you know that was the point I want to
grow it back out and I can't do it when
it's in a Bob leaving on a jet plane I
don't know when I'll be back
oh yeah see ya so we are heading out to
our fix that night happening you five
years old yelling I'll tie your shoe now
but tonight is actually a work night for
me I'm going to be filming with Mike
Akers and Beau and I'm bringing eight
cameras along with me he plans on
setting up a lot of cameras so tonight
I'm not really gonna get to enjoy the
worst of it however I get to use my gift
during the worshipping which is really
awesome they're gonna have an artist
there who's in our church he's gonna be
painting doing the worshipping we
wouldn't have a wall there I'll show it
all when we get there but me just tell
you guys it is just such a blessing to
be able to finally use my gift of
photography videography for the Lord it
has been a long time coming I feel like
I've been waiting all my life to be able
to just serve God with my creativity and
I'm finally getting to do that and
there's just no better feeling I'm just
I'm so pumped for the future I already
have a lot of video ideas for the church
but hopefully today I'll have a link to
the video so you
can watch it in the description no
promises but I'm gonna try to do that we
ready guys my wife looks extra beautiful
today look at this thank you did your
hair different
did I yeah she did it to the other side
and it was like really good oh well I'm
sorry hey sorry I just needed that green
looks great with your hair though oh
thank you we are here we are here get on
out of there you guys Sam's running a
little late he's having a little mini
meltdown I wanted to be or two hours
earlier he's still an hour and 15
minutes early guys you're gonna be just
fine okay I'll get the kids out you go
set up we'll see you later fun six eight
is about to begin we're getting close we
had all our cameras set up
one there one there a GoPro right here
that cool sign he did a good job on that
he's got his little thing to do there
Mike's gonna be using my other camera
this is the drummer camp this is where
the artist is going to be
sure
No
what a great night that was guys there's
so much fun just like worshiping and
shooting at the same time is such a
blessing we're going to eat here Joe
Willy's Joe Willy's I saw you jump can
you do it again do it again do it again
wow I can't wait till we have another
one fall behind these two everyone let's
get our food first come on he's gonna
bring him are you go find a seat guys so
how do these humors over here look guys
stop that's over here these little girls
came over here and said you could hear
on the youtube for kids app there's also
maybe two for kids oh I didn't know they
had this on that app was cool what are
your names
cameron and what JC okay I can
understand what the sucker in your mouth
well nice to meet you ladies thanks for
stopping by
you can go in there gut wrenching bad so
proud it was amazing it's just I really
felt like this revelation spoke over me
tonight I can talk more about it later
so that I'm not really so much fire I
haven't even told c-money I want to tell
say it talk it out loud for it is just
really beautiful amazing I loved having
my little one next to me two three
seconds come on put it like right there
or something
at least you tried sis come on kids
get your hands in your pockets
why can't you thank me for what I gave
you okay all right come on buddy
got me in a pit you got to come get it
there you go
all right guys will comment of the day
goes to ganache I'm saying that right
where are the nipples on almonds but yo
man that was a funny comment because I
was running the same thing myself where
did I get milk out of almonds
where are the nipples on almonds did
also somebody wasn't worried about my
cereal getting soggy that's pretty funny
say night when I got up from the table
to get avram out of bed and stuff
because it was soggy tomorrow's a very
important day you want to know why
because God is giving it to us that's
why what are we gonna do with it not
sure yet but hopefully it's something
great either way we'll see you tomorrow
God willing don't forget as always
