good morning guys check it out cubot
syndrome
guess what Nia's been having lately
bloody nose this I got one this morning
sympathetic pregnancy I'm telling ya
okay I think it resolved what I try for
the first time almond milk my cereal
Trent was not menu beets
I've been reading a lot about like skin
irritation and rashes and the best way
to get rid of him and foods to avoid and
dairy products is one of them this M is
a highly inflammatory and I drink a lot
of milk so I'm going to see if that
helps maybe there could be part of the
problem too
makes me a little bit nervous
smells like Abraham's awake let's go get
him first if you want to try it with me
what oh yeah this is his picnic you're
right it's a door here yeah
sip need to go to school this March you
woke up in the night I'm father hand
kyndra benefit mommy I feel really sick
how this yes thank you
are you sick you don't look sick anymore
just take one bite here
I'll get your own I'll get you your but
take a bite of mine first
this right you gonna bite to here okay
yeah okay we'll get doggie an Apple take
a bite first so good free my hands
there you go sir doggie
although gargy there you go put it right
through 20 legs can't do it it's not
wearable that has like a different kind
of extra I'm out more second centimeters
school with cough drops so today I'm
meeting with Heath and Bo I'm gonna get
their final approval on the video Diddy
was going to show up my church on Friday
I just tomorrow he sucks they're so cute
now she's excited to go good morning
guys
we're off to go play have a playdate
it's just me and bubs we were gonna have
to skip because if any wasn't feeling
good but that was all a bunch of hocus
pocus I've been using that term lightly
like when like that's bogus I don't like
her bogus so anyway she's doing good
she's fine I'm gonna call and check on
her here in a minute she's only been at
school for like 25 minutes so I'll wait
at least a full hour before I call and
check on her who are you gonna see James
and baby baby Emma
you're I'm soaking up their surroundings
this morning I gotta go through the
whack perhaps bunny even have rain boots
on come on let's go play
we're here at Sarah's house and she has
a gift for me it's maybe I want to share
it with you guys I'm gonna hurt clean it
though it's adorable and beautiful it's
a grateful give thanks and all
circumstances yes so the verse says give
things all circumstances for this is the
will of God for you
so this jar is for and not just the good
things that have happened like not just
the blessings and got into affairs but
I'm grateful for trials and grateful for
suffering and grateful for the things
that it produces in my life here you go
sir can you say thank you ma'am gotta
stop now
yeah he feel like he's being demanding I
can't help it with those glasses and his
blanket out here like it is hard tiring
me rides out with your drink
did you say thank you thank you you're
welcome
seriously never seen a sweeter sight
ever
thank you so much boys like and daddy
vacuuming which is kind of rare and
teaching for maybe the best game the
baby boy at that vacuum some over here
doing on
four minutes left on my cycle by the way
guys get my hair done tomorrow that's
right it's been like a love nest on my
head lately because if you guys don't
recall I did a swing bob about two
months ago
well it's grown the way out like the
longest layers way down pull on my
shoulders with the shortest layers right
like right here it looks like I cut it
all by myself not knowing what I was
doing blinded all that it's looks
horrible so and now that we got the room
all cleaned up they're gonna mess it up
what's in there yeah we know it's yours
buddy in there that's Michael a couple
gifts got a screw a room and put it in
that hole put it in the hole
now you gotta turn it there you go yeah
turn it turn it this way turn it like
this
there you go though they are guys
Michael and aundrea in Hawaii hi guys
you guys ready we're ready for the baby
shower oh oh I think he just it's a baby
shower in a box what's it look like show
us
I hope you guys are having a girl did
you use the invisible tape honey I don't
know what tape I use I think I use
packing tape I got Michael for Christmas
father's phone daughter
since secrets every plot let secret
everybody know kids are five months
apart Michael and Andre are having a
daughter and so are we obviously isn't
it cute is that too bad my brother and I
couldn't be together they're like the
little stickers that say one month two
months three months and you stick them
to the actual baby yeah you stick them
on baby really put it like next suits oh
just take like a Instagram photo it was
just like to document the baby's growth
next to one toy or one blankie or like
100 that sounds cute you got new PJs
dude they have slippers on I'm getting
your bed buddy I found these cool
packets for the kids it's a four-page
packet and it's called listen closely so
they listen and if you can read if the
kids can read you know if they'll be
able to do the words but basically it's
like they're singing in this picture so
if you hear the word sing or if we start
to sing a color in the box they trace
the words same so tomorrow's fix a guys
that's what my videos going to be played
and I'll post it
my table right here hey I'm gonna have a
little assembly line so don't move so
comment of the day guys comes from Omar
Rivera he asks am I the only guy who
watches these vlogs you are not but I
should appreciate your watching you are
one of the few guys who watch the world
and make sure you are demographics you
guys can probably guess who the orange
represents that's the women anyway guys
we'll see you tomorrow thanks for
hanging out those for these vlogs that
are kind of just us hanging out at the
house and kind of short lately but and
back at the beginning some hasn't seen
this yet let me know if you guys have a
jar similar to what me and Sarah showed
you this morning and if you start one up
we should really kind of hold each other
accountable for that those of you
especially I guess momma's will probably
be the ones who do it but I think Sam
one's gonna really like it I mean told
them about it yet all right guys we'll
see you tomorrow
as always don't forget
