oh I'm cutting it off today guys don't
worry it's going off all of it I'm
trimming it up so good morning guys how
you doing
family's about to head out do a little
bit of shopping at you know where I'm
trying to figure out what my pregnant
wife here wants me to cook for dinner
tonight
Oh what would you like honey dinners you
don't want you pick only get some stuff
for salads I've been like really eating
a lot of salad lately what was this the
longest his face has ever lasted buddy
okay I'm here
I'm just looking in this magazine we
bought plenty Minute Meals that's how I
like it yeah somebody got a little bit
too excited about this dish Oh No hey
broom oh man here you pick up you just
did it huh you little squirt pick them
up then back in thank you I made this
one for symphony put them in buddy don't
shake it just put them in like that okay
thank you
slipping where's your jacket Abraham's
wearing two jackets and you're not
wearing any jackets beat because I just
was out in the cold so I could handle
the cold go get a jacket please
I'll take picnic can you grab her jacket
mr.
hey guys at the hair salon and our girl
is here
Kaitlyn our Co our hair girl and Abram
had to miss out on her skills a haircut
today - like I'm trying to talk Sam
anyone really short on the sides he
wants to go shorty
it says the two owners it's gonna grow
it's gonna be okay right yeah yeah
what's from yeah we can taper it we're
up picnic maybe he can give her yeah
good to dream well you can put a million
shares in this petunia
yeah why don't you sit him right here
and you pretend use your fingers
symphonie got to bring her doggy home
from school today let's see here they
get to bring this dog home every I guess
every six weeks don't really know so we
journal what she does with this doggy
and today picnic eights - journal that
he got a haircut
Oh picnic that's looking so good you
know what what else I want to put in
gate warning cat cousin skit or you're
dead okay excited okay here come on go
oh you're handsome Sam's all done let's
see looking good thank you honey I'm
feeling spiffy feeling real good about
yourself
good boy you still baby click read it
mama government I'm nobody here
if you like the kitty doing good job
buddy good job say Plato everyone likes
to go crazy after that dad around naked
run around like it I'll turn off your
video Jamie no cleanup yeah you did do
that Danielle are you want to put it on
also what we're saying here guys this is
my little area for the new baby we turn
to symphonies um old little cubbies and
turn it into a clothes rack slash nice
blanket rack runner pick the missing
letter to spell the word test
hey e good job alright very cool babe T
so you didn't pick the missing letter to
spell the word lot I don't know we're
kids team speculum is something you
could do as a homeschool parents never
talk about the teacher about it
I love the curriculum ah the things that
they do with you know pencil and paper
the actual books this is just their
homework could they do at home if they
do a lot of other hands-on things at
school curricula we are up on the top
bunk
reading storytime we got to get the
laundry put away symphonies little
bedroom is all different it's cool up
here isn't it what does it feel like
sleeping next to your baby nursery
letters up here
baby feeling bad oh she's been saying
that a lot lately what is a baby feeling
and how do you get it back Oh a baby
sewing it either is all the things you
did when you were a baby yeah well you
know one thing that we're doing right
now you used to do as a baby I've always
read you bedtime stories and put you to
bed mommy
I remember when I started to wear babies
yeah at Nana's house name is house yeah
but no you didn't you were here well I
could you with me like that
hug ooh really no kidding I know when
you started to you logo fie I do
mm-hmm okay hey guys it's just me
tonight me and all of the socks and all
of the clothes and all the towels and
all the abram clothes I got laundry
happy today and I had like a little
marathon on Netflix and just snacked on
pickles while everyone's been in bed
Sam's been reading symphony and Abram
went to bed because she has swollen
morning and I got to say it's been
really relaxing and nice in here okay I
got my phone I loved it and the kitchen
when I went to get the vlogger like I
set my phone down and picked up vlogger
I don't know pregnancy brain but I loved
reading you guys comments on what you
used to do as a kid I mean it just
brought back so many memories for me and
I chose one I read through a lot of them
tonight but this one really made me
laugh out loud I don't know why it's
just so funny it's from jazmine Garris
and she said I used to play on the phone
and say no I'm not interested goodbye
and then hang up that's so funny because
that is just so something that kids see
or hear their parents do at some point
in their life I think that is so funny
I've been trying to think of what is
something that I did as a kid I could
share with you guys I remember
distinctly playing with my Barbies and
they would always go to school I don't
know it's kind of a boring one but
that's just one of my best memories as a
kid I guess it's not quirky or anything
like that
but I loved playing with school anything
I played with as a kid they went to
school stuffed animals they went to
school baby dolls went to school also
used to like fake grading papers I would
like do fake homework
and then I would I would get regraded
myself or I would go through my old
school papers when I was in school I
always loved that and I would just go to
be a teacher so it's kind of funny and
fitting but anyways tomorrow I'm going
to be spending some time with Sarah from
church and Sam's gonna be spending some
time with some of the men from church
going over you know just talking about
stuff and going over the video and
everything that he is that he's been
working on which turned out really
amazing by the way and even got to tell
him that because I watched after he fell
asleep but he did a really really good
job on it and I'm just I feel nervous
and excited for it to be shown at our
church like you know no I didn't do have
anything to do with it it's all him I
feel like I don't know like giddy and
excited for him as it as it'll be
playing it's very good and touching and
just I don't know it's just a very sweet
reminder of what we're doing with our
church family and I'm so blessed to be a
part of it just it's been so awesome to
watch him piece this together it's like
it's like a piece of art what he put
together but it's really the life we're
living within our church like it looks
like an artwork than it is that's like
the handiwork of God you know you hear
that phrase it like truly is an artwork
when believers of God gather together
and do community and really really
strive to live out his purpose it's like
real-life art walking around and talking
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
