morning you ready to go back to school
we're not ready for you to go back to
school cause last time I was bouncing
around in my bed
what last night you were well and I was
waiting for mommy to come to my room to
read to me
my mom went to a bazoom I was like for
her to come all right look he's eating
like a big boy and sissy see eat ahh
can you say good morning mother
hey moms being so funny today my dad
Lucy daddy mmm look at him eat bet the
tables away even hold over you still hey
bud are you ready to go okay I'm gonna
get inside that okay
can you sit down hey guys good morning
I'm out Hobby Lobby doing
I made a wreath last year with this on
there telling you see I'm right what is
that bud yeah the fender well what color
is that fine
not brown oh oh wait look you got to put
those back in their home oh oh you have
a cookie in one hand I see the problem
and we have a green wind to look up put
the green one met now you can pick one
and hold it I'll just hold them yeah
thank you
all right all ready for Valentine's Day
Avram can you say happy Valentine's Day
nope got all kinds of these though he's
hurting to say no I'm back home now and
before I get started crafting with all
the supplies you just let me get I am
going to bait we're having dinner
tonight I have a family from church's
house and I like to bring dessert or
some kind of side dish and I've really
really been in the mood for the
sopapilla cheesecake because I'm going
to try it out the inside of the Sofia
cheesecake is three packages of cream
cheese and one and a half cups of sugar
you flatten this one out put it on the
bottom of your 9 by 13 inch pan same
with this one and this one goes on the
bottom then the cream mixture and then
this goes on the top you beat in one and
a half teaspoons of vanilla extract and
then for the top you do half a cup of
butter melted half a cup of sugar and a
tablespoon of cinnamon you bake it at
350 for 45 minutes and bada-bing
bada-boom
this goes on top okay guys so sandy just
sent me a text we've been talking all
day long she got the anatomy scan done
today and she's gonna find out today
what she's having so she's not gonna do
a whole party but we may go to her house
tonight before we go to our little
church dinner she strongly thinks it's a
boy and I'm just rooting for a girl I'm
so rooting for a girl he's so cool
little girls together is so fun that's
gonna pop out of
Tuffy's envelope somebody needs to put
up Christmas yeah how cool that is looks
like water on the house it's awesome
Brett Chris and Andrea's house with me a
special dish come on Abram everyone's
lagging as always hi titus
one of my missions tonight as we get
aimed at cooking for my reach for the
elementary starting here so what's the
directions for these your pasta this is
the pasta water so you do it for two
minutes and everything is already cooked
what are these such as meat what is that
oh the meatballs babies are dressed
alive
Oh
hi mr. king you don't so babyish around
all these babies I don't like it as new
remote he got for Christmas can you make
it to your mommy without looking see if
you can walk your mommy without peeking
had to bring out a Christmas story like
we haven't seen it enough at home thanks
a lot Chris what you guys watching what
I'll shoot your eye out
what do you call this movie laughing
Ralphie what do you call this movie room
Ralphie what do you call it
you get your tongue step do get your
tongue stuff none of those are the real
movie title was it really called you
know a Christmas story good job Abrams
they need change did you go poopoo
that's not funny
how much you got left in there enough
just for you it was a big
to wake up but it's time to go to sleep
you got new boots today guys Andrea
Chris gave them new boots Peters to me
we always have such a great time with
the Tonys the purpose of tonight for me
was to get a shot of Andrea cooking
that's it because she loves to cook and
I'm putting together this video for my
church that has her speaking in it about
people using their gifts and she
mentions that she loves to cook for the
church I've been working tirelessly on
this thing getting a lot of footage just
trying to do a really good job so we
have a nice introduction for the website
for new comers
through months of prayer that's the
intro of it bows the first person talked
to several people talking about the
video all the pastor's talk again it's a
five minute video okay so comment of the
day let's see here
Ali Kohler it's kind of long so I'm just
gonna skip around Sam when you said that
you're setting that setting physical
goals I'm below would you mean what I
meant by that was setting a goal just
because it's a new year is not a big
enough or worthy enough motivation to
get us doing what we should be doing
does that make sense so our motivation
should be to get closer to God to learn
more about him to see what he wants for
my life rather than I'm gonna read my
Bible because today is a new year and
that's what I'm going to do those always
fell for me they've always felt anything
I do just because it's a new year
working out fells every time thanks for
allowing me to clear that up
Ali Kohler that's a cool name by the way
Kohler doesn't color and make toilets
just asking sinks too they make like
appliances anyway we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget as always and one more
thing guys for the outro a lot of people
are sending them but they're just
sitting there in bed or they're just
sitting around somewhere doing it I was
really hoping that you guys would do
creative things with it maybe get
outside do something fun or show off one
of your talents like a cartwheel I don't
know just like get creative with it
instead of just saying it I'm so if you
guys are interested in that send it to
our yahoo accounts salmony at yahoo.com
alright guys anyway don't forget
