you are my brother
you are my sister
by the same guy not by the same
got to live
got to give
where I won't
in this together we are here we are here
we are here I've done that in a while
literally wait sandy me you let's go to
the pie you checking for cup yeah I want
my cup - can you grab that so we are all
bundled we got my gloves get my jacket
we're gonna go hang all the blood I
guess it's closed I'm wondering if they
even need a snail physics clothes oh
there's so many girly things in this
store I can't even handle it if I won't
get one for a penny I think I should get
touching my the best surprise ever my
surprise ever I could why well they talk
babies gonna show you all this dress yes
we did that
I told symphony I was like we need this
for the new baby it's so pretty it's got
little furry arms and look at this one -
guys so cute yeah look at that one
like sandy oh my god it is like a change
of plans we're gonna go drive around
with stuff instead of wait for donations
we're just gonna go take it to the homes
because the houses are being leveled on
Monday Alison said we're going to take
diapers lives to communities and just
try to guess who needs it
do you need diapers ma'am you got a baby
in there no pair like the wrong people
that's to be sending for this but that's
okay get us out of our comfort zone
right we're done passing stuff out guys
I really just feel wrong thank you I
felt wrong about vlogging yet I know
like I probably should have that's what
we did today and we blogged what we do
but I just felt wrong about it like
people are like cleaning out their homes
because they're gonna be demolished and
in anyways it was just it was kind of
sad and it was really hard to drive down
the streets but we got rid of almost
everything in the car we have some tape
and formula left we only have formula
left because there's a bag up here that
we didn't realize we had and we got rid
of all of our baby stuff all the wipes I
mean my trunk back there was loaded down
it was a blessing at one point we were
like thank you you too we were like
parked kind of in the
roadway the middle of the road and
another truck just came in parked behind
us and we were all walking around people
were often offering food water doughnuts
dude that's something you don't think
about I would have never thought about
that yes there was an entire trailer of
like people passing out pet food it's so
awesome I'd love to see communities come
together I feel emotional and also I
feel scared I'm not a good driver I feel
like a fine you put the stuff what you
needed to just so now guys we're at
Target I had your exchange shoes that I
got my dad for Christmas they were too
small and I need you to get him size
bigger or two sizes bigger well I'm here
I can't help it I want to go to the baby
girl stuff let's go check it out
maternity clothes
look at that guys that's really sweet
this will be Sandy's Mississippi mine
just kidding everyone's asking about
Sandy's gender I forgot to fill you in
on the fact that she did not reveal her
gender at our party we told you she was
going to that she didn't come on
couldn't make it
oh my gosh what is this newborn thing oh
we did a CD look at zero points oh my
goodness oh it is ridiculous oh my gosh
no way is that is that too warm though
for the summer
it's sleeveless knit it sleepless its
first everything Oh fine one hat when I
have this even our cereal has to mark
the new occasion pink many ways instead
of regular yay did you guys just wake up
no you look sleepy oh you took a ride in
Daddy's bike no we are good if you won
no you'll see what's in there we didn't
get to see his reaction yet so I'll just
show symphony and get cute adorable
reaction here can you film
baby clothes anyway intimacy this so
here are you ready alakina Facebook are
you ready
give me her charge yeah I know wait till
the next one though Symphony oh you're
so cute
guys seriously I just couldn't say no
like what ages up let's find a new point
is a new boy is it really looks good I
did it tiny little thing
oh my gosh I just really can't have this
ah don't take a baby weddings and I know
it's so pretty this is money minutes
what do you think baby we're yes for
mommy baby
I guess falling asleep No are you
falling asleep I'm ready I see guys in
the window don't go to sleep buddy still
remember the wiggle wiggle yeah
Bascom don't crash your arms there's
that one go through the wiggle wiggle
he doesn't even bro hey guys I've been
cleaning all day long since Nia's been
gone I cleaned up the front yard and
rigged some of the leaves I know I
mentioned that you know it accounts for
a lot of the waste in America but it was
just too bad like especially when I
raked into a pile for the kids I didn't
want all the grass to be dead there I
think we're off to a good start for the
new years I'm excited that we're having
a girl now that I've you know accepted
it excited I have another little girl
around Sydney was just precious beyond a
word when she is a baby and so to have
that around again it's perfectly fine by
me as far as New Year's resolutions goes
I don't have anything like very specific
that I want to do but I do know I want
to eat healthier and that's something
I've already started doing I don't
believe there's any magical thing that
happens at New Year's and to set a goal
a physical goal for myself is kind of um
it's unbiblical and therefore it's
pointless so my goal for this year is to
pray for wisdom and to gain more wisdom
what can I do to gain more wisdom prayer
is definitely the first thing wisdom is
the word of 2016 hi Sally
and there's the bags of leaves I got
guys look at that
we bad guys there goes Christmas did you
say bye-bye to Christmas I'm sorry buddy
say bye-bye Christmas tree daddy is it's
all naked back to its original state
I wish we could go plant it back where
we cut it down I feel bad for cutting it
down - you know you don't feel bad okay
trash man's gonna take it a broom oh
that's wrong buddy we're going to give
our tree to the trash me my mom he wants
a Christmas tree - is there okay that's
okay yeah
no now he wants to help I knew he was
gonna hit hopup door Oh daddy you ain't
even open the door whoop oh my gosh look
at that face okay got the door good job
honey thank you my Albert my Albert the
tree I just now named I like name stuff
hahahaha dad here give me a break our
house but I'm funny if you fell off the
porch what is this torch s is gonna come
back in this room
oh wow so it's a playroom now no this
torches as I'm standing here it's okay
it can be a player yeah forgot about the
train table ah ya aini Oh mmm no mommy
should not say that I'm not a nice word
why did you do that excited
can I have a bite of that mah gawd daddy
Thank You MA good afternoon
I mean evening guys alright bedtime yeah
good night I'm thinking night yet I got
to pick comment of the day today
today was a really good day it started
off with family time then we went into
service time and then friendship time
and ended it with more family time work
time yeah work working family time
minutes in the house they're all the
same like when it's in the house taking
on the Christmas tree I'm really curious
though huh Stephanie's gonna act in the
morning cuz Sam told her we were going
to have doughnuts for the rest of the
year breakfast have funny that you
thought of that does she say sup no she
did her but I just feel like she's
didn't either meltdown just wants no are
we like tell yo money doughnuts every
day she had $1 kidding I don't know I
think and I'm pregnant so I think I
should win that I want to Sam to make
waffles homemade waffles tomorrow about
all from this next yes I did
so you want Texas waffles you know we
have a Texas shape by syrup Lou we have
syrup fine I'll make waffles yes but
anyways guys comment of the day today
comes from Ruthie and she said since you
were still deciding baby names
I know Nia has a name she likes before
you do a baby name reveal could you do a
guessing game
give us close to what her name will be
also I would like the meanings on how
you choose Symphony and Abraham's names
so yes we decided we are going to do
clues and do some kind of fun little
interactive thing with you guys to
reveal the name once we are 100% sure on
it yes will come up if you like one game
to figure out the first letter of the
name oh yeah we'll do a bunch of
different games so say like what you do
in games
Oh next game will be the last letter of
the name and they'll have to kind of go
back and forth and fill it in yeah what
are we gonna start then we'll give them
like several letters and say there's
only one
these letters that are part of the name
I don't know hey that's a good idea
let's really blossom that idea but don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other and also remember that you
are beautiful and you are put on this
earth by God for a reason
- out
