Happy New Year we're gonna go celebrate
2016 in Dallas with I don't know what
but we have tickets to it let's go day
one in Dallas and Matthew just randomly
invited us to it he said hey guys have
tickets to go to this thing going on the
fair part you guys gonna go I was like
sure so we just got up and Happy New
Year you look so different
haven't seen you since last year you
look younger how'd you do that here we
go we're off to day one on day one
symphony and we forgot to fix her hair
you got him uncle Matthew has tickets
did you get him at work I know my friend
that's gonna be oh god yeah yeah
on your mark get set
doh Wow Sam totally won he knew he was
gonna win
you go back and forth Sonia plays the
winner
Oh
so we're about to go watch a magic show
I'm a good friend the great Todd Dini
who loves mixing gospel and magic I've
got to see him perform in front of
crowds of hundreds see his crafts
we'll come back over here to the magic
show
there yes guys the great I want you guys
to be baby Timothy shoot me okay I wish
I had the courage to what do you wish
you could have had the courage to
to ride a bike
what
not to eat cannon
Sam's writing this one because I'm
feeling too nauseated just watching and
not even know how I'm gonna record all
them what's your dog's name this guy
that's all you bro what's really gonna
be man I bet you're gonna be hi kid
oh good girl okay
Wow did he go all the way up I hit the
Bell
hi kids
go ahead buy your turn there you go
buddy
company wrote her name that's so cute
and after they decorate it they come
over here and they can choose one back
one snack from each basket so she just
explained we take these home and then we
refill our bags and give our snacks
we're 38 and overall it's okay cool
it's good for a moment guys the guy you
just met great teddy comm check them out
here boy the only the great I want you
guys to all pay attention to the yellow
string and put it into my hand I snap my
fingers wave my hand it becomes the
green the green string of the maze
looking applauded if you like that and
if a volunteer comes up you wave to him
how do you wave to them like good like
that's gonna be fun right yeah like that
and then someone sometimes just give him
a thumbs up let me see your thumbs up
yeah yeah yeah okay good like just pay
attention if you don't pay attention Nia
Nia do you have any yeah it's me of you
do ya do you belong to this but I'm
gonna throw a little new ring this is
the perfect pet always listen
this way this way
this way go play go play okay what does
this do
what do you build it pretty cool I don't
like a catapult like that let's watch it
rock watch that's pretty cool
you made a little ball launcher hey
watch the ball
oh these little girls are joining thank
you who's ready to eat some pizza that's
a really relaxing first day of the year
they for thickness for that Matt I was
really cool my pleasure glad you guys
came I was really selfless of Matthew to
invite her whole family he doesn't have
any kids just came along with us and
stood around while the kids play this
we're not looking around damn it that's
a cool brother appreciate me
Annie got some tickets by the way so now
we're gonna go eat some pizza come on
buddy so guys this is the guy we saw the
great tada evening here's this car the
other go taking all those different what
Soto does magic for livin livin time
betters awesome roll mention
normalization and you're going to Las
Vegas tomorrow to perform professional
will be in Las Vegas tomorrow to watch
for phone so I just did for stage shows
you in digitally performer
Collins who's a big teenage heartthrob
magician one America's not on came in
second his most talent knows performing
today so we saw what it talks very first
performances was that one of your first
three or five games that year and it was
a private with Sam Anita 205 shows we
saw probably spit show which I don't
know how much like his cleats of this
pair maybe a lot of kids do you know any
magic words
good
hilarious that was awesome wasn't he
gave us these balloons he was so cool he
actually had him up on the restaurant I
don't know what he was doing and then
they just took off and put a link to his
website in the description he's a
longtime friend of Matthews and we've
seen him off and on you know with
Matthew but he's a really cool dude the
comment of the day comes from CCO Cecile
C it would be really cool if you call
your daughter
melody sounds super cute with symphony
and the initials of your children will
then be the letters of Sam s am I think
that's awesome
got a hundred sixty-six thumbs now and
we were actually gonna name symphony
melody that was one of the names we were
considering we're also considering
harmony but Nia's pretty set on name
already guys I don't think there's
anything that's gonna change your mind
but we'll see don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
