good morning guys there's a big morning
for us I'm a little bit nervous about
because you just I just want to help a
baby
no me too gamelan nervous pontiff is our
first sonogram checking up on this
little baby I am seventeen weeks
yesterday and sweet Shannon from our JC
she works at Pregnancy Resource Center
and so she offered to do a scan for us
because we haven't been able to do one
yet in almost half way so we're gonna go
do a little mini anatomy scan and
hopefully she'll be able to detect
by the same guy same heart we've got to
live
well
in this together what if I accidentally
Sheba service don't she's gonna tell us
when we can look Oh better not peek you
ready to see our baby you brave your
brother or sister you're gonna get to
see the baby you just won't get the suit
if it's a boy or girl yeah you get to
see the heartbeat and maybe the arms and
legs instead I love that small and on
the baby but you still are a baby
oh hi but you're my baby you'll always
be my baby miss you will miss you we'll
both of you are my babies I've got a
baby either mommy's my baby in a
different way
you got pocketbook thank you pocket I
know about Avram though we money we'll
always your baby Thanks I'm already like
this little man I didn't think of
symphony oh yeah yeah yes of Hansa tiser
you can have some oh my yeah on your
hand put your hand under it dude oh can
you put it away please oh
nice we here your hands smell good now
yeah Table two somebody wants to and sit
over there
daddy's Parcher the kids could sit in a
closet he was eating a sonogram too good
so funny right there with the status
associated with posh an emergency group
hey buddy you're gonna love you lay down
all right my god dad you're gonna see in
my dad you look at mom's tummy okay okay
yeah this screen and that screen will
show the same thing you can't go just
close your eyes for a second and talk oh
 they're gonna be able to tell you
you see what what do you see see mommy
baby oh you see mommy's baby okay y'all
look real quick just say I can see this
image surprise it's hog leg I'm just a
hurt
vicious baby I did I just thought yeah
right here somehow
Oh baby more coming decipher went on the
hair sister can you say hi oh say hi
bubby by yeah thanks
thankfully cream I see right here or
this little across this that's a little
heart beating you know we can do in a
minute we can listen to the heart for
just a second watching I can't have a
penis Wow
does it make sense of this habit
1:57 is the heartbeat
Janna can you do that for us do I take
it out right now please we're just too
excited can't wait any longer
look it's not quite done yet though
still finish okay so now please rise for
a minute let me take a look I'm not
picking up I'm not here in the hand is
that by the face here I hear she's
sucking in stuff maybe was now they move
their hand away bed oh I think if it's a
boy am i crying really what a girl but
I'm gonna grill that bad that you cried
kind of really I don't know that dams
you really wobbly
it doesn't make this time to describe
the baby's healthy I really don't know
what is that about
you think the baby's gonna be more into
Bo put up it's a boy well well God give
me baby's hair pink
yeah I guess he could if you like what
else can he do he can also make it rain
bel-air see baby he also could make it
bald oh yeah sometimes they come up bald
so we're at Ethan Amanda's house
Nia's staying here and hanging out with
the kids and Amanda and I'm waiting on
Heath he said he's gonna go get a jacket
but he's taking a long time boo boo boo
sorry me I got cut off just talking with
the ladies you know yes I would happen
good so you know where it is huh you
know it is we don't but we know it's a
baby so that's exciting
so is this Heath guys he was here in
Rockwall so you're a Libra oh he was
here in Rowlett you didn't see any of
the tornado uh literally was right down
the road I'll break my impossible that's
it
this guy lost some shingles oh I don't
even notice that how could you not have
seen him with Lilly right I wasn't
looking I was in the bathtub man so you
guys roll method and I was in the
bathtub
singing in Christ alone were you know
about to die we were yeah by yourself no
no all that my whole family was both
kids yeah my mom and dad never a job but
they were in the bathroom oh well me and
my wife were they two girls were your
parents will over at the time well they
come over well yeah we were actually at
their house applaud girls can appreciate
that that's come help me put this on the
fridge first Oh believe your hand there
let me find a magnet put your hand on
mommy can you put your hand on it while
I get magnet mommy baby no fun that was
fun you like to see the new baby
don't doll baby don't him baby
there that's an appropriate little
magnet don't you think
Oh for selfie with the new baby
I can't 1k right there again would be
cheese
I can't one well you wanted to get a
picture of your baby in there you don't
have a baby in your tummy
I do when we need it for my plugin
oh yeah you'll need some rice and beans
now yeah okay what is going on I love
mine and oh no all we did was take a nap
and the family take a nap and we woke up
to a banana eating a banana in our
kitchen banana from head to toe oh
goodness
oh yeah those are one of the costumes we
got for like 95 percent off after
Halloween
so first time Fellini Abraham's peeling
the banana he's trying to peel the
banana oh he's eating the banana no Levi
you want a real banana ah okay guys
we've got ninety nine percent positive
we are doing a gender reveal tomorrow
and that means I need a couple of extra
things
things on my list with an assorted
cheesecake because I'm not going to make
one just be honest and then I want
someone a little sugary cookies for the
kids you know get the kids all the sugar
they can save mid
pop confetti with me oh that's perfect
blue and one pink for the occasion you
know blue and pink boy or girl we were
pleased what do you think
look who met me here to help me solve
but that's forever Oh kitty so stressed
out she's a customer with her
sister-in-law came over we can't figure
out how many cans of Rotel go with this
big block of cheese
my mom would know I should call her but
I'm gonna google it though
she's got a really fun idea over here
I'm not quite uh same shape yeah like
you pop a balloon every hour of the day
of the night it's gonna be like amazing
and loud and fun and be like okay look
at the date of course at the checkout
line I forgot Sam what a media salad
you're here I'm running back salad
guidance diet faces he goes through
totally hi guys this is symphony we're
watching tile in min ever Marcus
relaxing on the couch when we got a
frozen bagel bite say hi viewer baby you
and mommy said that maybe hey I'll tell
ya I said it in my mind maybe my
birthday will be about build-a-bear
hope you go to bear and I'm gonna and
it's committed and and he said I may not
I couldn't take a read may see to bill
to bear with me so they can get a bowl
to bear there too yeah Abram gets a
little bear too I get my own Abram gets
his own and even may he get their own
hey guys hope you had fun shopping with
Nia I'm gonna read the comment of the
day comes from josh dobbs 23 i really
would love to be a debt like sam that
was very flattering to read and it just
made my day a couple of you guys said
something similar you guys are so nice
just to encouragement you guys give me i
really do appreciate it because being a
father is not exactly easy especially
for someone selfish like myself but i
was thinking tonight as i was putting
the kids asleep you know as i was
reading to symphony i was like what a
blessing for my kids to both or all
three when the other gets here to have
their mom and dad in their faces before
they go to bed every single night every
single night Nia and I both are in their
room and I pray with him every single
night and I do the same with simply not
as much as I have been with Abram I'm
excited for them to see what the
benefits of that is going to look like
in the future cuz I look back at my
childhood and I don't remember a single
time that my dad put me down to sleep or
saying to me or read me a book not a
singer
time but I'm just I'm so thankful for
them so excited for them but anyway guys
I got to do the vlog tonight because
tomorrow we have an extremely busy day I
usually do it the next day because I
don't like to do it before I go to bed
we usually spend time together in a
night but she's busy getting party stuff
ready with Sandy and yeah I don't want
to be busy with its mom also doing some
stuff with Heath in the morning see you
tomorrow
thanks again for all your support
encouragement don't forget I remember to
love each other and don't forget we have
to pray pray pray pray we get to pray
just till they could do today oh yes we
pray love my guys
for their mister
and this teacher
