morning guys prepares a nice house for a
playdate on Christmas break whoops that
doors locked
and we have another friend coming over
Tessa you guys haven't seen her in a
long time not been able to get together
right here is kind of a big little
playdate today and I'm excited I got my
own tablet for Christmas you did awesome
dude that's awesome dude such a big baby
come on guys actually playing hey yeah
cool which one are you simply read
you're the red cuz it has an S on oh
they all have SS on it s is for Symphony
and Scrabble who's winning and when I
moved up yet oh how do you move up you
finish where do but if you finish one
that's your color you get to move up you
can watch you can be on sissy's team go
sit by sissy
hey I'm stripping at her play day what
didn't do it I've never seen him take
his shirt off all by himself you're so
big
this kid loves to be shirtless yeah
Sharon always said that Sam and his
brothers liked to shirtless too so we're
trying to get the kids to happen well
they all say it wrong pretty much Scott
hey bro can you say pepto-bismol
Symphony can you say pepto-bismol and
del mismo oh good job Katie do you know
how to say pepto-bismol hey no never one
for me ah it's a cool Christmas tree did
you make that Christmas tree blind
you're what did you make that Christmas
tree yeah that's cool huh yeah yeah it's
really hard you just lay a pattern it
looks really complicated can I use your
drill press yes there's c-clamps hanging
up there
we're home and it's lunch time are you
guys hungry me too oh let's take him up
in house hey guys so we just got back
from our playdate and I haven't been
vlogging us leaving or anything like
that because something happened I feel a
mix of emotions between really sad like
I want to cry and also kind of like this
giddy happy feeling Symphony was in
charge of cleaning up chalk at Sandy's
house and she stole a piece and she
thought we didn't have any here so she
gets home and she pulls this chalk out a
little bitty piece of chalk it actually
wasn't even chalk she didn't know that
now I didn't tell her she was like mommy
look what I got like where did that and
she was like I took it from Sandy's
house no like did you ask for it she's
like no I just took it because we don't
have any and I was like you know what
that is right she was like mmhmm
stealing and so I just right away I sent
her to her room until I could figure out
what to do about it and y'all I'm
telling you right now when you ask God
to show you something and it's really
for his will for it he will show it to
you this is the part where I felt kind
of giddy I was just like searching what
do i do how do I discipline her and this
how do I teach her right now in the
moment right when it's happening and you
know kind of nip it in the bud so I tied
three different ones in together
basically that said I am holy so you
should be holy do not steal do not lying
a couple of other ones and then at the
end it said you shall follow all of my
rules and judgments for I am holy I am
the Lord and I chose that one I feel
like God just revealed it to me right
away
so I talked with her about it I
disciplined her and then she finished
her lunch I put a room number now and we
weren't right back over to Sandy's I
mean this was it within like a 10-minute
period she got out she was like sandy I
stole this from your house I'm sorry
will you forgive me and I didn't tell
saying you were doing in Sandy's face
was like anyways I just I feel I don't
know I feel so blessed that I was given
you know good guidance from the Lord and
was able to find some scripture in the
Bible that was like on Symphony's level
like it's so easy you be holy because
I'm Holly don't steal because I said so
and I'm God and your baby and I don't
know
Sam sitting here listening to me he's
isn't working as well but have any of
you guys had to dealt with that before
like what else am I do I need to look
forward to she's lied before of course
we've had to do with that but man five
years old she stole her first thing
knows
Oh No why did you say Oh No
Oh ready you're already his uncle Platt
sighs let's get out they're gonna get
ready all right come on we're going for
a ride let's wait for sissy all right
come on you got socks on whose shoes all
right who cares yeah what you leaving I
mean are they your favorite kind nuts
cashews you guys want me to zip it
that's good good thing I brought a silly
one
no sad face does it take one like the
kid can hear such a ticklish head guys I
gotta say kitty young the bus goes me it
goes crazy get in it
guys we've been thinking about putting
Abram in a new bed or just can't do it
yet because no one can put him in a girl
just pop what's he saying
he wants his colors up colors book oh
this one daddy this one if you come in
hit lick read that I used to sleep in
them give me the bed ha dad I think
that's an angry room he'll just laugh
now start reading books yeah 10 maybe
just get out of his room and play I know
that's what I'm thinking that's why
we're waiting longer are you ready for
nights in your new bed and yeah how was
your day today
oh good did you learn anything important
yeah you did do you want to share it on
the vlog
uh-huh what did you learn that guy is
holy and God is God and that you should
be holy like God and now still very good
sweetie
where did we learn that from from daddy
Bible from the by boy yeah Dave is
potable one two three four five once I
caught a fish alive six seven eight nine
ten then I let you go again
why did you let him go because he bit my
finger self this little finger on the
right do we have a very very important
day tomorrow but before I get to that I
want to do the comment of the day but
before I do that I want to apologize on
behalf of my face this winner is really
taking a toll on it I'm thinking about
getting a humidifier or something
because now my kids are suffering from
it but man it just it's hard to look at
so I apologize even though yesterday's
vlog was supposed to be to give you guys
some visual as to what actually happened
out there and how bad the damage is and
what we were raising all that stuff for
aside from our vlog being about that it
the comments section ended up being
mostly valid to animals go to heaven
because I made the comment to Symphony
that animals don't go to heaven so the
comment of the day goes to Andrea wood I
totally believe there will be animals in
heaven maybe not spawn or Miss Kitty had
grown up with animals but we shall see
and she went on and wrote some other
things I believe animals are going to be
in heaven but what I think is actually a
more important question than whether or
not our pets go to heaven is whether or
not you're going to have an order I'm
going to have them that's the most
important question that's the question
you should be asking yourself because if
you're not going to heaven then it
doesn't matter if your pets going to
heaven or not I give you zero chance of
ever seeing your pet again if you're not
going to have it the Bible's very clear
that the majority of the world is not
going to go to heaven and also the only
way into heaven is accepting Christ as
your Lord and Savior and animals can't
believe that but who knows it's not
explicit in the Bible whether or not
they're going to heaven so we'll just
leave it at that
tomorrow guys we got a big day we are
getting our first ultrasound yeah anyway
guys we'll see you tomorrow as always
don't forget we love you ever never to
love each other
