everyone just came to me and said it's
flooded in the trailer good morning guys
it is for REME
it's 20 degrees here I have been all
bundled up this morning but I finally
just took my jacket off my big fluffy
furry puffy jacket because I have a
heater on really high he is still not
feeling good you guys hey sugar can you
say hi oh she didn't sleep very good
last night she needed mommy's nozzles
these are Symphony's old stuffed animals
this one that actually is Juliette's
though but I've always kept them up
they're kind of hiding around see
they're all up there confident in your
little stroller he wants to go for a
walk Julie head
me going to the living room what a nice
walk for bear so a little update on last
night's shenanigans you guys saw me cold
bill he called me early this morning as
I requested and gave me the phone number
of a company that he trusts to come and
look and do evaluations for what he
called you know rodents or critters or
wildlife that's what you call this I
called and they're gonna come later this
afternoon and do an evaluation around
the how he what they can see I guess and
there's the Raider drama for today
good morning fan basic how are you guys
doing this morning
Ephraim and I had kind of a comfortable
night snuggling together to her all
night long we did a run out of gas at
one point I got some emergency propane
tanks yeah yeah keep it nice and slow
okay
take up these cool work blows I don't
want super puffy
okay firewood this is where all the
chicken coops were if you can recall
I love how this property has already
been established stuff like this is
already ready for me you got a stove
ready it's just so nice you know there's
so many things I found myself meaning
out here while working and I just go in
the shed and I find it I'll shoot for
somebody who's just getting started on
this kind of thing you know
check it up
the fires going down I think it's
heating up the whole property hopefully
it'll fall out the waterline
Wow oh good job in there have a kiss
okay good job can you say help please oh
that's okay oh you she pretty much said
it got it got it
oh my so good talking very can I get a
yes
I think shovels nice librum ties with
play-doh when we try to get some work
done in the back oh wow look at that
this was fastened up there if I can get
going to this what I want to do is
replace this room joist as you can see
it's all rotted out and it's bad all on
the back yard because all this is
touching the ground basically it was
before I dug it all up don't put some
treated bore it's all along here I
replace all this get these four by sixes
put them into the house
all right so I got the beams in there
guys here I've got one here all the way
over here and raised you can see a
battle wouldn't look at this
all right guys let's go up
playtime happy that's right now - Juliet
is over you guys want to see one thing I
did while Dooley it was napping it took
me a very long time and I'm sort of
proud of it so dunt dunt oreo you need
go outside come on
worry that's just a critter-control guy
gotta go get something you know what
kind of rush all right so the trick here
a bourbon is to get the house level cuz
on this side it's higher in the back so
the sloping down for the backyard and
that's why i jacked up all this let's
see how level we have it so far as you
can see i'm pretty hot i want to be
higher in the back because it's gonna
come down a little bit once I put
support under it let's try this one down
here bubble just come back a little bit
further over here now I'm wondering how
much so that we're in joist which is
this board on the outside and the sill
the mudsill which is on the bottom of
that one wondering how much I'm even
able to get out let's see what happens
when I try to pry these off of the joist
on the inside let me replace all these
alright I'm back home Symphony is safe
and sound in the car I'm gonna get out
and talk to the pest control guy
and now we are off to our playdate with
yep at Sandy's house here hang out and
play for the rest of the day the critter
control guy basically said it wasn't
like worst case scenario we have an old
house with an old attic and it's hard to
tell what was up there and wind but that
something was recently up there cuz he
found like a poop drop like that we
definitely need to be contaminate up
there and in the crawlspace down below
he made a lot of recommendations so I
gave up teams member asking to please
call salmon let's see what comes of it
we're gonna try to finish this here
today because last night well obviously
the critter the Dimond working got in my
house so we are gonna finish this up
here she's Marco Polo ey crap but I do
think that's the best lettering I've
ever done ever
just been hanging out watching the kids
show me the way home oh no everyone just
came to me and said it's flooded in the
trailer because water pouring out under
it I had a faucet on overnight oh my god
no
what's up
what oh great alright good it's driving
back here just flood it over here oh my
gosh that was dumb I guess a between us
didn't run this wasn't all wet here did
you turn the bathroom faucet off being
white and then I started playing and
then you started crying
yeah the campers flooded sorry bud
this is pretty funny guys filled up the
coffeepot the most part I got it dried
up it's still leaking from the bottom
that's probably just flooded underneath
the boards are probably also prepare the
benefit of not having the trailer
perfectly level was at all just poured
off in that area and I guess that's
where it's leaning most which turned out
to be a very good thing here's the
bonfire basically gone I'm glad you like
you're excited I knew Symphony would be
happy duck soup for dinner tonight this
baby hey guys it's time for comment of
the day but before I do that let me just
say I feel like today has been so random
and all over the place I apologize for
that I feel like I have just had several
different things going at once also like
the girls and their schedules and trying
to get the play date going and just
crafting walls on the play day it's just
been like hectic but a really good
hectic today was a really good day so
with that being said let's get on to
comment of the day it comes from Ashley
Bowden which also basically sums up all
the comments section in today's vlog
this is in all caps
Juliet is too adorable howling and
dancing I would have to agree with you I
absolutely just adore her little howl
Oh
it is the absolute best sweetest
adorable thing ever oh man oh my call
today but when I can barely take off my
jacket I know I worked hard now it's
coming along very slowly but it's
looking good it's it's kind of
disappointing being by myself because
things go so slowly but at the end of
the day when I see all the work I did
I'm proud and excited to get back to it
I've got the stovetop on so I can dry
out already there get some heat going
under there is my computer go through
some that the time lapse is I've made
today and do some cutting and stuff like
that and the neighbor men are gonna go
snuggle up and get warm
I'll catch you guys tomorrow for another
freezing day in Oklahoma don't forget we
love you remember how she said please
and I don't think I'll ever tell me
about this oh my gosh would you say but
it's like a but yeah
