good morning my egg we're so excited
here three house just to be alive and
awake aren't we guys Constance let's go
check the squirrel make sure the
squirrels okay come on put some slippers
on Oh what though try to get away oh man
oh gosh
stiff as a board what should we do with
them she would bury him give him a
proper burial
oh I can't get rid of him Sport is
thrown back in the trees
let the vultures eat them let nature
take its course that's what happens when
an animal dies other animals eat it for
food well um some kind of Fox they like
to eat um prairie dogs when they're
alive oh really
did you learn that on the skirt or
channel some wild kratts Oh welcome
that is a nest right there
now the squirrel must just sell they are
there inside that little nest right
there oh he's over there the shot I was
just kidding as soon as I pulled away
from it a squirrel fell out of the nest
but it fell on the branch below it that
is crazy
where'd he go Wow I thought he fell they
caught himself what in the world it's
gotta be here something some kind of bad
omen or like some kind of anyway wait
guys we're getting ready to head out to
a rock wall you're gonna fall some
routines out there I had breakfast yet
no my pizza rolls I think I'm having a
new pregnancy crazy it's gonna be pretty
chilly I think we're going outside oh
the kids but I think we're gonna be
outside guys it's so sad our little
world and making it what did they do
with it you guys know and I don't : oh
is that he didn't make it over and ready
hello where did daddy put him then are
you put this world hmm
we don't know what that means neighbor
um where's your pants let's go put him
on but his goat got out hey kids go home
sit over go so cute yeah probably this
place with the truck
oh there he was looking at me he's like
leave us alone
see we looked at maybe the people are on
vacation like they've been on vacation
for a while oats and loose dogs or sad
damn thinks it looks like sometimes here
just because there's a car here one car
out three contractors I don't see any
holes or anything get back in your fence
guys I mean this is the pot we're
storing all the donations and then I
really like the name of the pot I can't
help it not really like the number two
nine seven T to get a Sam well sure for
the kids maybe everybody want to see
this go but it's going I've got a back
full toys more toys it's like a little
newborn basket isn't it that comes back
too close there's some more baby wipes
kids are inside watching a movie what
we're doing out here separating all
these bags are being donated so we got
hoes over here trash bags here she's
done a great job organizing all this
meat I'm Vicki
yeah she goes to church with that hi I
know I just knew would be out here so
this is my daughter Anna hi Anna
all these diapers and whites over here
boy sessions water and she even has the
labeling section labeled this is hosting
wonderfully made and there's my cute
kids hey kids
what can you have a water bottle hey
buddy get in there let's braid baby
perfume on me it smells so yummy just
makes me want to hold a little newborn
so bad so we are done now with helping
organize the donations we are going to
go and check out the damaged area just
to see you know what happened we've been
praying for these families and really
just want to be a part of it who knows
there might be some something we could
do to help in person there
and
you
I have to get a kid know that okay okay
why do you want to kiss me all down so
then they're shopping ever come up here
come on oh come on there you go
let's go right boy come on buddy you're
doing it you're doing it buddy come on
look at the little spinner oh come on
dude I'm gonna try to give it a go down
the slide with me
hey bro we'll take you down a slide you
don't go down the baby slide let's go
down the baby slide filled over to
ladies night
good job buddy look at you okay I'm
coming soon let's go
all right here we go whoa whoa that was
a short slide go scary or let's go eat
this way does it fit in the bag yeah
you're cool but anyway we're eating
healthy at McDonald's is that possible
we actually could have shared one of
these salads I don't know about that
like period he's like I prefer the salad
over chili salad no some people don't
like McDonald's but if everybody made a
support McDonald's at all because they
offer inexpensive burgers and it spits
out food that people who don't have
money he has a point saying you don't
necessarily make healthy food but better
than no food at all right you still
think we finished shared know whatever
that's why I don't share he eats so
quickly look how much I still have over
here I just get bored of eating so I
figure huh that's crazy
daddy
to people seriously much they go just
points it out for the only purpose of
making so many years crazy rabbit crazy
rabbit well this one was yours this was
the first one I attempted this was the
second one you can have the good one
though whoa a scary one stay chilled
with this fact drink your water helps to
balance your body temperature then make
money off of coasts they don't make any
money off the water and the singer
promoting it on the cars so so cool we
made a home I'm reviewing the comments
for comment of the day heating I guess
what we're about to do make up time for
news nest if you guys aren't subscribed
to a channel go check it out will be in
the description below comment of the day
comes from Izzy low you guys should
really look into taking the scroll to a
wildlife rescue center it may have a
better chance of surviving if you guys
do take it poor little guy first of all
I don't know of a wildlife rescue center
anywhere near us there might be one in
Dallas but this guy was on the verge of
dying guys yes there's an animal shelter
in terrell but the only thing they're
going to do for this squirrel is
probably put it down to get put out of
its misery it's obvious that the
squirrel was going to die we just want
to give them a comfortable death things
are done a little bit differently here
in Texas I think then a lot of people
around the world I mean you just got to
remember that all of us have different
backgrounds upbringing and different
experiences how we look at death how we
look at animals and you just got to take
it for what it is
I mean needs family hunted squirrel
grows a family that was their meals
yeah they hunted squirrels and they ate
them so us seeing a dead squirrel fall
out of a tree it's it's sad but it's not
that big of a deal it really isn't
overall we had a really good day it was
really nice volunteering for something
you know that benefits other people we
may end up doing it again this week
don't forget as always like we said
yesterday like will say tomorrow God
willing we love you and remember love
each other
they missed
