that squirrel the thought of the tree
while I was standing here still alive
come on buddy get up man he fell from
really high for a guy with a slip do you
see him
yes so sorry go get him you you you you
let's go get him you okay little guy
oh my gosh it's too sad I just can't
watch them die in my yard like this come
on buddy
Abram get back Sam's feeling extra
motivated right now we just watch the
movie everest somebody got a little
blanket ready to make it a little bed oh
oh poor little guy that's so sad Oh die
comfortably no maybe you won't die
symphonie go get him some almonds
almonds does a good idea go get
something come on Rob you can do it we
broke his leg oh my gosh he's so cute up
for what a pet him cover him up come on
Robbie she got him
promote that squirrels worst nightmare
and types of they're so scary people and
what New York and they were like go up
close to the people but here they're so
terrified of people squirrel if it is if
it is dying
it's not dying this is like it's horse
nightmare people right up in its face
it'll be okay Rob he's breathing me it
makes me so sad I can't stand it we got
applesauce for the squirrel
oh oh that's Abraham's body part for the
school that's for the squirrel hey Kim
the school have your peaches that was
crazy guys I literally just got up after
watching Everest with Nia Everest is a
movie about a bunch of Mountaineers who
went up Everest in 1996 and several
people like just fill out the mountain
and I just was like thinking about it
and I went to the window and literally
which is the squirrel dostala' chunk
like that was that my scores I do know a
nice how unfortunate
he was really high up - I really don't
think he's gonna survive that trees huge
and from the part that he fell from is
like one of the high spots but anyway if
he dies he'll die right here on the
porch I'm not gonna bring him inside you
don't know if it's gonna jump up and
start running around he just asked me if
we should get our squirrel ornament and
put it with the squirrel maybe it'll
feel like somebody with him as he dies I
did not say as he dies I don't think the
squirrels gonna die I think it's just
waiting
oops
hi Rob I brought your little friend
Merry Christmas Rob now my brother and I
are having a debate whether or not a
squirrel dies from falling out of a tree
Sal he made when you hit the ground was
alone there you go
ha ha you do have pockets
don't fall this time okay how's your
boo-boo getting a little bitter I don't
know how high a squirrel can fall
what kind of terminal terminal velocity
a squirrel has but I think there's
enough there when you hit a ground or
even grass that you can break some bones
I mean their bones are tiny
I'm thinking maybe Michaels arguing with
me saying that squirrel did not die but
falling out of a tree he was already
sick or something and fell out maybe
phone his back or something like that
maybe a bird dropped it up its mouth
somebody said the only squirrel I have
ever seen fall and not survived was one
who fell in front of my dog and couldn't
get back to the tree quick enough then
my brother drove doing one I have seen
out survived as the one that died hey
you don't know hmm you scared me I did
okay that time what about this thing
what about this thing how do you do
anything like that
what about this time everybody okay it
was so cute he had such a delayed
reaction it went off and it was
completely silent it took me like 30
seconds to get the flashlight on I have
a phone flashlight and I hear him in the
dark he just finally like I was cutting
the vlog so the logs gonna pretty late
today hopefully it's saved this isn't
great at all sweetie Rosario are you
worried for you careful we didn't
I'm so hungry I'm so hungry we have a
gas oven war oven continue to work yeah
you can still cook so we won't starve at
least is it really cooking still in
there can you tell are you cooking
something oh wait it's not on why would
it turn off that's weird
there goes the lasagna well all the
lights are out everything look the whole
neighborhood okay listen Christmas icon
down there signifies their house isn't
out but everybody's office everything's
going to be alright or you or y'all can
see in the dark though so that's good
I'll put in your face
Elise horses can see you behind them
where horses have eyes on their butt
well let them there's somebody behind
them they know they're behind there
could they bunk could they buck hmm Oh
what oh we had light for half a second
wait somehow extinct couldn't you just
wait a couple hours daddy no daddy occur
oh gosh oh no please tell me one more
down there do we really know we go
somewhere no we don't that was the last
bag I opened it what does it last bad
you tell me about it we do the story
there is no way that's what is bad I
cannot clean that with one wife isn't
perfect that everybody started have a
blowout right when we had to brown out
this is like a crown
what is it wise weird of like out what's
a brown out when the whole like nuclear
plant goes out it's a blackout one like
oh how do you know it's a brown he'll
never even heard that turn
think I think just cleaning it okay
we're luck today guys in Christmas time
rickles fiance Jeff got this for me for
Christmas three flashlights
I have my big one dream worm one three
two kids yes
each of the kids one for Abram battery
the first one find army ah she goes
because you cuz of this bug this one
whoa yeah wide it is that's really cool
big circle well guys we're just hanging
out here we're trying to say if we
should go somewhere else or not we're
starting to get actually real cold
everybody's getting really sleepy and we
don't know what to do yeah
you're little
the lights are back on everybody's
celebrating oh man I was a close call we
thought we were going to go to my
brother Matthews house whoo God we got
to avoid that now I got to get the vlog
up that's why the blog was so late
yesterday guys because of tonight I'm
hoping that exit safe will see Matt my
hair looks ridiculous we really take
lights for granted guys like that it was
the lifetime on everyone's dan and and
seeing it it's guys bouncing around
everywhere hey guys we have light we
have electricity in this day and age
what weight him to be cranky about it's
like the lights came on and suddenly
were all like over dancing the lights
were off too we were but it was just
something different I think people like
start to appreciate things when things
are taken away it kind of adds a little
bit of excitement to your life it really
did it was shining you know it's like no
electricity party hey guys we need to go
check it out the almonds are all gone
huh
look he's living uh I knew daddy was
wrong me too symphonie go get a few more
ache and homines hit the almonds yeah no
way he's moving he's doing good he's
been moving yeah but look he's moving so
I ate the almonds I know it's so so cute
there we know this girl came over
negative no oh little Rob know he has
energy little paws are moving pickles
and popcorn time winding down the night
and we have decided tomorrow we're going
to plug in with somebody else from our
church who's helping donate or gather
donations for the refugees in the relat
today there wasn't a whole lot we could
do it was mainly just like trained
professionals and kind of blocking off
areas and just finding places to accept
donations we're excited to help and sad
that um it even happened for us to have
to help but and to end our vlog today I
get to choose comment of the day Sam
usually chooses it and I chose one from
Lauren Franklin and she said just
another reminder to go hug someone you
love and tell people you love them
prayers for the families that lost loved
ones at home so sad glad y'all are safe
thanks Lauren is a really good reminder
to go hug someone you love we'll see you
tomorrow
stay tuned for more cool Sammy Nia stuff
and don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
