I said take cover big explosions going
up in the air on the roof of my house
eating my GoPro down good morning guys I
just rolled out of bed seriously usually
I've know about you guys but the day
after Christmas is like organizing
putting away new things we have a mess
in here like from Symphony's bed
it's just bad everyone stayed over until
really late last night symphony she has
play-doh all over the place you're gonna
put all this play-doh away let's do this
we're cleaning
the bunk beds are almost done bunk beds
only one bunk bed see I was putting the
mattress on right now I want to show you
guys how these mattresses got sent to us
it's Israel's thinking cool oh wow this
literally takes up perform we also have
a shelf you guys while you're at it
don't name stuff just get that built so
we can go ahead and just reorganize
everything no break hardest difficulty
mattress hey guys how's everybody doing
today Matt thank you so much bro welcome
bro wait that's not the funny part this
is the funny part you ready mattress
what do you think you like your new
bedding now I'm getting a medal and cuff
go here oh I was definitely led to plant
favorite not mess it up okay you're so
cute okay I didn't realize how hard it
was to make up a bunk bed guys it was
quite a bit of work for this pregnant
girl we just got a tornado warning on
her phone guys trying to watch it said
tornado watch for Kaufman County which
is the county we live in I said take
cover now Nia just took off to go to
Dallas and she's about halfway there I
told her she needs to turn back come her
because there's a flash flood warning
and a tornado warning and those people
saying that they actually saw a tornado
land and a couple cities down and the
rains
to come down clouds are moving really
fast about the Unitec cover bro go wake
up the kids get you to leave this room
fast he needs to get home I was on my
way to have coffee with Emily issues it
down and we were meeting in a town
called Colleyville so I get this morning
and starting phone calls from SI unit
texts and also sings we're under tornado
warning in the community I turn around
it's kind of stupid I feel like
everybody's drove right through the most
dangerous part
the tornado is going to be over like
that's the direction the tornado would
be in touchdown this is the radio site
it's pretty black and dark so anyway
isn't headed home
not going to get to see Emily this trip
she came down for Christmas
it's like clear skies there's like gray
dark gray and it just gets darker I've
been having so much trouble getting Oreo
in the house and literally I opened the
door to go outside real quick to close
my shed doors and she came running in
the house she's like I gotta take the
lesser of the two risks which was coming
inside to the people who loved her
well now it's nice and bright out here
and actually pretty beautiful that was a
very quick scare he is on her way home
but she decides she's gonna go get her
nails done
instead of but what a blessing you know
we barely missed the Chania and now it's
a beautiful calm after the storm to an
automatic voice-message does my friend
Joel he lives two cities down this
Forney and then there's Sonny Bill and a
tornado just touched down in their City
oh man I was calling back hey buddy you
okay man yeah I got it on video
you got the tornado yeah hey caught them
on fire we set that watch to collect 15
16 hidden stuff and big explosions going
up in the air
oh man is it still on the ground or what
we can't be any more rain come on is it
coming this way do you know why we are
watching this way from yeah no so not
towards Terrell no like and widely wrong
why are you so it's confirmed guys the
tornado did hit Rockwell they said they
saw one from the harbor on the other
side which is kind of Rowlett area I
called Heath he said he was ok this is
from for dead and garland and then a
couple from our group you guys know Tim
the younger Tim and Maddie his wife they
can't even get back to their house
because there's damage everywhere so I'm
anticipating us probably doing a lot of
work tomorrow to help Hey no babies
allowed oh ok well sis camp don't throw
them over the edge
sit down sit down
that's a great role no jumping on the
bed buddy you'll bonk your head here you
go what are you out do you want to fall
no then no standing well that's my role
not your room so the funniest thing ever
yesterday I was making the ham get ready
to cut it up I couldn't fit it all into
the platter we wanted to serve it in you
forgot and I put it back in the oven I'm
getting ready to use the oven again and
I'm like three cooking this ham is so
funny and really gross to you don't use
that face Sam but anyway on to cooking
my dinner
Elizabeth campaign really funny I can't
help but notice the invisible tape Merry
Christmas you guys that's hilarious
man that invisible tape really just like
distracted our entire Christmas presents
under the tree they didn't stick good
and if you do want them to look
semi-invisible you gotta like scrub them
real hard and who the heck wants to do
that to all the little pieces tape
you're using to wrap a present but yeah
we'll see you guys tomorrow tomorrow
search and I got a feeling it's going to
be interesting day because we're going
to hear a lot about the damage in
Rockwall and what we can do to help we
are ready to help any way we possibly
can there's news out that several houses
have been leveled in Garland which is
pretty close to Rockwall and I think
even about that
but anyway keep them in your prayers
guys thanks a lot for coming along with
us today again and don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other
big shout
