all right buddy it's time it's time to
open all the presents
we should start on this I just can't
believe you got me so many guardian of
the forest these were at the suggestion
oh oh wow thank you guys for suggesting
it I literally like just a few weeks ago
as online Latino me where oh this is
called frozen these are nice jeans new
flare I literally hate the way this guy
opens guess it's stressing me out
because it just seems like no matter
what you do what I know I know it is
just an outfit no matter what it is Sam
never has just like dramatic reaction to
anything no you didn't know you didn't
know rosin pants nah oh I love warm hugs
there Olaf pants swings are awesome
gonna wear buddy they're a little too
big for you buddy no yes they are
just a little bit all right let's get
your feet down don't open a present yeah
open your present what is that
puzzles for puzzles oh there's four
compartments and one thing to build it
on no other name something where the
name's Freddy and go go in here oh and
that's honey lemon juice aha
Sam's working hard this Christmas
morning to get his gift all put together
by clicks awesome it's only been two
hours in the making
and it's officially happening
well baby I told you if you get a
workout in oh my gosh oh what a
Christmas daddy
Christmas is still not over we have
Jimmy here hi Jamie hey Bebo and baymax
and my family is on their way here we're
gonna have a little shindig Christmas
shindig Tiffany's still have some
presents to open
hey bro you excited about the big one
hey Maju hey guys - Ramona - little
presence
here - Sydney the most classic scenes
very much that's why you never put your
tongue on a cold pole your tongue will
get stuck - come on Cisco say Merry
Christmas we made you some popcorn to
return your tail is she wearing two
different shoes really you make it I
love your dress
get your Christmas dress all right can I
have Home Week thank you very much all
right thank you it's just popcorn you
don't have to eat it if you don't want
to just throw it away
it's Christmas popcorn white chocolate
Christmas perfect one candy over the
next like three or four years and then
by the time nothin till you're all right
you know I'll be all de duque me like
you plan your candy is always perfect
whoa what a big boy he's been jumping up
the steps and he finally decided to skip
the steps you can do - did he push you
abran we don't push this you could do it
again symphony everyone give sissy a hug
and say sorry sissy
okay now you could jump sweetie guys
even got a boo-boo
look at this guy let's see your chin
buddy put your head up he's walking here
with hands his pocket being all cute and
literally just like thanks planted on
the wood floors and gave a little cut
right underneath his chin it's funny
because we both have a scar no need for
change yeah we do yeah I fell off a
seesaw
what'd you do can't really see mine I
was getting up out of a swimming pool
when I hit the edge of it just like a
cycle the swimming pool blood nothing
dramatic
yeah it is dinner time thanks Nia and
Jeff and me
I broke the beer net you always got a
room and everything kidding
how soon I like your black hair I love
you members do we still need a little
space like a graduation oh I know it
sounds like darkness like you enhance
dark I'm writing a puzzle magic it was
it I did it really dark brown black
white black good ham symphony come on
everyone we've got a minion Oh cute some
mini one a teddy bear yeah I know it's
adorable cute they're cutting their foot
mat you're having this foot of
Jacqueline
could you give always get this is for
Bobby oh great Phyllis you're right sure
you got a big in whoa would you get from
that ball open it right got me good
night
oh thank you so you're welcome right
Rach makes cards is it for car no my car
for car recently here Bobby this is you
got another dinosaur
Liuzza's system move great khali
watching that's actually for a void our
turn
what is a kitty like a little caca
cooler oh that's too yuppies Oh Matt you
gotta get back we are next I really
could use it did you get match oh no
Matt what you get what do we get you
Giorgio Armani clothes sick Michael is
just run out of mine so perfect I don't
know what this dancing no no it I ran
out of clothing allies you like to smell
though
oh yeah open your present you're awesome
great you open it says open it - it's a
book bed you got a book bags you're
welcome sweetie for more material
thank you guys that is so cool in it a
premiere you watch juice from limb ah I
got a little get free buddy
open it what is that it's a secret train
set
do you like it
you wanna sit on oh oh look at what
Clank a text wall tonight Texas chef
Ulka me have you ever had Texas waffles
I've had like a hotel I think I have
what's the matter
tell me have you - I thought I was I oh
man this we also % it's so cool he's all
the types of car by sister mice they're
really created that was Matthews
graduation car and this is our Christmas
card will you these things you can't buy
cars like these why do your cameras on
here's an idea is you're not a real
photographer oh that's so cool right
hotel elevator larger like how do you
solve these calls away I know you don't
just you know you oh you have to burn
you
Wow guys what a long crazy crazy day but
awesome
we played um the station's telestrator
Telus trations not test Asian man that
game is so much like opportunity for
laughing at a game is awesome
but guys we're exhausted we're calling
you tonight so you guys tomorrow your
interest yeah I hope everybody had an
awesome Christmas and as always don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
for their mister
