Oh happy Christmas Eve guys yeah
tomorrow's Christmas yeah exciting yeah
no how did you scrape outside what is it
like simply walked outside it feels like
lava out here you are my sister made by
the same guy loved by the same
if love
where I won't
in this together oh boy everybody
hey guys doing I'd like to start the day
off with the Bible verse if you guys
don't mind Colossians 3:17 and whatever
you do or say dude as a representative
of the Lord Jesus giving thanks through
him to God the Father
I feel challenged by that burst to do
exactly that
daddy yes if I daddy my little man God
yeah
what's your Kitty's name daddy daddy
back
guess where do you breakfast yeah I'm
some food for symphonies kitty thank you
so what you're making your sis a little
ice cream cone and then I'm gonna make
dough cute puppy dog so how do you do it
what you do is you put the beads to
color and then you squirt it with the
water and then you and then you wanna
sit until it's all stick together
oh the water makes a stigma you pull it
off curl it when it's all dry then you
have you'll have a little picture you'd
open up your train set here okay let's
go okay what are you doing this is a
coal train set for him yes Daddy
okay I think that's enough now we have
to wait well guys it is incredibly hot
out here
this is not wintertime this is like a
nice summer days with this a wonder
while bomb was so concerned
Christmas Eve exercising nobody
good job guys he's so little
he's just lagging behind he doesn't even
know it
come on guys give it all you got winner
by a nose you want second place oh he
took a detour back out
arms up you gotta put your legs out
there you go our second oh hey pitcher
ladies a go I'm Joe dolly just keep
doing that for jumping oh yeah buddy oh
yeah hey I'm not a native no it's stuff
like that and I'm sure - oh yeah that's
a good ok ok I better test rub your
belly and pat your head at the same time
see that ok now try to bite your ear no
that's it has a coordination oh wow you
think you're so bad I'm just saying see
you oh look at me I can rub my belly and
Pat my head better than you can please
we just realized that the last minute
that we're having a Christmas Eve
service at 4 o'clock today and it's 3:30
try and rush out a house and get there
in time we're just not used to going to
church this early in the day and I need
to do more shots for my video because we
don't have church on Sunday and this
video is due next month or early next
month Merry Christmas by the way if you
guys are watching this I may post an
extra video tonight for Christmas our
Christmas time lapse so I'm gonna do a
time lapse less opening all our gifts
and making a mess of the room yeah let's
do this let's go let's do it right now
come on let's go
is that you with a cat I can't tell
so it's the cat
after story this time of year talking
about a baby in a miniature I'm taking
maybe what was like the story is not
primarily to get you to think about baby
refuel cinnamon without how cute they
are on to you this day is not this is
what it will look like every Sunday we
didn't have kids course then you have
child care today so the kid sat in
church with us is pretty quick what's up
bro
you look great man what I love that
color on you
it's a tiny hey guys I'm freaking dinner
Christmas Eve dinner we're having big
tips with covered mushroom gravy which
is a fancy term for beef stroganoff will
happen it's a steak yeah I'm not
actually putting less room in it
nobody in her house I like mushrooms
except for Sam although mushrooms and so
I'm gonna set a timer over here today my
way
joy
my noodles are done cooking I used egg
noodles and I've got the sauce
thickening or hear the song Charlotte
garlic is like a tablespoon of honey and
some pepper and you give it a side you
can go real the meat is now simmering in
the sauce the steak does not look
delicious
there it is since I didn't decide I just
topped it off with fresh cherry tomatoes
you okay buddy that vacuum you want some
barbecue sauce he's ready to open a
present grab but that was not your step
with sissies together wish you never
hate roomies think so - that's what I
was thinking good idea good idea where
should we give something I don't know
are you ready yeah okay these are for
mommy daddy ready open them
go back to love them guys can we take
the tag off for you
here hold Amex oh you love them I knew
you'd love it
we knew you're gonna love that one two
exclusives in there Symphony I actually
just went to open mine stammers we know
you love that movie we know you do what
if we were they kind of pair daddy
picked that one out but mommy did oh so
we almost parents who we are okay we
jumped out of a window
I'm gonna miss those kind of responses
when they get older you know that's not
gonna last very long men should just go
to expecting stuff from us and so much
daddy I didn't want this one I wanted
this brand man we could not have got a
better reaction of them they both love
this boys is so fun what no good I was
such a fun way to do just wonder if yeah
can I see baby doughnut hole baymax oh
he's so snuggly hey hey hey all together
let's go baymax Maga so we're gonna have
a Mac hey Mac nice Christmas baby when
you wake up tomorrow it's gonna be
Christmas morning Oh
tomorrow's Christmas
how'd you know hey is it exciting I'm so
excited you get me I can't tell her you
Merry Christmas guys it's your Christmas
how did it go
or how was it going because ours doesn't
tell tomorrow that's so cool that you
guys are celebrating Christmas right now
this year is the first year for us to
really be able to kind of go out on
Christmas the past several years has
been really tight and you know God has
just blessed us immensely this year but
of course our kids know the real meaning
of Christmas
and I was just thinking what I find most
amazing just as amazing as the birth of
Jesus which we're going to be
celebrating is the coming of Jesus into
Mary's womb that's just so incredible to
me as you guys know we're Christians we
believe and know that Jesus is fully man
and fully God
so we believe God came down to earth as
a human person human person in human
likeness and humbled himself as a
servant to humans it's like us turning
making ourselves into a flea to save
those fleas from damnation I just find
that incredible the comment of the day
now comes from Jordan's mom 1:43 she
said what was the mishap did I miss it I
named the vlog Christmas mishap of the
century as you guys know I've known to
exaggerate on my vlog titles the mishap
was April picking up the present and
throwing it bombs they're throwing it it
was just the stupid exaggeration but I
find it funny that you guys are calling
me out on it that was quite the stretch
with title wasn't it we'll see you guys
tomorrow
Merry Christmas again don't forget
of your hand
