good morning guys I just woke up and I
can hear the symphony the wakin Abrams
not so I got right marine and I have it
all wrapped up and I'm gonna bring her
in my bed my brother you are my sister
they by the same guy loved by the same
heart
got to live
where I won't
and this together
we can add is it a beautiful
what the heck is ness in here mister
what are you doing
Abram do you want to see something
really pretty yes yeah I mean yes ma'am
look at my hand I got a new ring
is it pretty oh yeah you don't have her
hand cutie do you like mommy's ring hey
daddy yeah you like daddy's ring Abram I
want to know if you like mommy's ring
what you kind of find your corner before
you look at my ring you goofs I'm
including your name helping decorate we
help decorate yeah yeah sure how many
things
mommy sleeves are all good thank you oh
you got it you got it oh yeah yeah good
job we're getting Andre baby a beanie
baby I'm Trey's baby a beanie baby what
is on your face cutie those are purple
over your face well you've been eating a
marker I was coloring and there are
mistakes mistakes all over hey guys how
you guys doing
I'm dressed for California weather
therefore I'm wearing my California
shirt it has been crazy weather like
literally it was kind of hot today right
now we're all getting ready to go to
Bevo's house to go celebrate Christmas
with news camp grass
okay thank you I sure can
I'll just do it for you have it out all
right kinda wanted to wrap a Star Wars
toy for a room for Christmas
how about charger being so you like Jar
Jar Binks um I don't think you like
qui-gon
Oh him Chewbacca Oh actually he might
like this guy
Jango Fett oh that's cute
thanks I'll be perfect yeah that's a
perfect for a baby it's a real men wear
pink
hi guys hi guys you see him blog what
vlogger yeah good dog put your foot in
there there's your mom so cool dude
yeah guys okay let's go go get dressed
real fast
what are you doing in here kid bang bang
boom getting this little guy ready for
Christmas
Maggie ah you guys see his new hairdo
daddy fixed us here can you give Olaf a
hug first before we put him in the shoe
give him a hug oh let's just throw him
on keep your foot right there
one two there we go one two there we go
got it
ha ha buddy good job yeah good teamwork
want to show you his pocket sissy
go get Bebo
how we gonna put your hand in your
pocket hey that's a cute little
Christmas table
hi Johnny hey done didn't you hi is that
your chair what color is it
yeah no try again what colors it good
job buddy red yeah it was funny because
me is showing off her yeah besides
though you might like it well he said to
wait I care so today I'm gonna closer
this kind of cuteness to focus focus
ah this is Bebo's new wedding ring
hers is yellow go she has the bands on
it huh I know I didn't get a band it's
just got one little band boy does he
have a witness
feet-first that just have a widow's peak
point on your forehead it's just not
that big Jimmy has a widow's peak I
don't I think that's just extra hair
hanging down let me see your hair buddy
come here you know why it's called a
widow's peak like I've known at one
point back in the day when ladies lost
their husbands and they mourned they
work type of cat or a hood I came down
to monitor for those guys recently
joining us here's a picture of Nia 24
years ago you killed Doris way yeah ever
who is that right there buddy huh sissy
does that look like sissy that's mommy
who's that that's not gonna move a balls
at your warm proper company of
interesting it won't do hmm if I went
all out
I've been craving pickles so much one
pregnant my mom makes this I don't even
know cucumber salad it's so amazing she
made a ham I made that she made this
this is also amazing mom you did
yourself
look at this plant my mom made it's so
cute I love it
we have a homemade peanut butter fudge
is this your pepper covered peanuts
divinity what is this this is what you
get used to get Spangler's right Thank
You dessert section over here is like a
dream come true
everything's peanut butter over there
right Kenny uh presents that's Johnny's
man can you go get another one for mommy
what's hanging from my face oh let him
do it another one Persephone I don't
think that's yours can we get a broom
present over here so he's septic
oh this is us oh he knows what he's
talking about that is yours buddy I'm
trying ok Johnny here uncle Johnny we're
getting them all in here first okay
thank you look at classic car counter oh
my god Laura make the eye what you get
Beto's that's from Vito what I say every
year my uncle gets the nicest wrapped
gift every year since I was a kid but on
the inside it got a pet cat so mommy's
allergic to cash Oh course one
that is awesome man ten how hi Abram
rhythm yes mommy say mommy can't keep my
poopoo daddy's turn say mommy please
change my poopoo daddy just got you a
ring yesterday look at me really young a
poopy diaper duty for the next month
really come on I got your water be
careful star loud kidding I got it hmm
love you
was that you Christmas was wonderful
guys thanks for having us
okay very good whoa Christmas baby whoa
hey guys we're back home now hey we're
all back home look at that bomb wow dude
you're like literally just like popped
out half baby-bump I see moms funny she
started getting up like a pregnant woman
she was like don't even know what she's
doing a waddle over but okay tonight I
did waddle one bit I don't know the
sound of kids coming in a car and I
noticed I was kind of walk in my best
I'll like no I try to just stand upright
and consciously walk straight all right
all right all right we heard you honey
weird you all right common of the day
guys yeah we're you don't like wow that
really scared me and actually hurt my
goodness sorry about her guys anyway
common today guys I know I haven't done
in the past three days and for that I am
just deeply apologetic today we're
starting fresh I'm not going to try to
catch up for all the calm of the days I
missed so today's common today goes to
Jayden - really funny
Nia's ring size is the same as my GPA
LOL i thought that was cover 3.75 if
that really your GPA congratulations
because mine was 3.5 or something so you
got me beat
ever made me smile so much not just
watching him open his presents him
playing was little dinosaur he got so
into his little boy little boy toys he's
really starting to learn what things are
too like appreciate that you know he has
it he's not present today's your
Christmas Eve
so happy Christmas Eve hope everybody
has an awesome time with family remember
the gift of Jesus Christ over all the
gifts that you get these gifts only
bring very momentary satisfaction they
can't make you happy you know eternally
the only thing that can bring you true
happiness it's Jesus Christ
so find our identity to him not the
gifts that you get because when you try
to find your identity and and items that
you get you you get depressed you start
to think you know is this really who I
am am i this piece of plastic piece of
metal made by another person like me
you're not just so much more than that
and just remember that as you're opening
those presents because we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to look each other and hoppy
lucky
but then nest
