take a look at that take a look at a
good look at that face
she's cute when she gets all pretty she
gets a little bit stiff good day guys
how's everybody doing today today's a
very very special day for this woman
you excited anything should we tell him
you are my sister
made by the same guy
we've got to live
got to give love
where I won't
in this together we are going to shop
together here at Northpark Mall hi
firewheel we were going to go to north
work we said it not to because so
beautiful she wanted to see the
Christmas tree here at Firewheel Oh
Merry Christmas honey where do we start
so seven years ago in one month I put a
ring on this one was over we had that
one knee and I said honey I'm drop dead
and what we do and I want you forever
and so today we are updating her
Wakering
I was a broke boy when I bought this and
she deserves a lot more than just that
so we are here to finally update it kind
of as a Christmas present and as a
renewal of my balusters
Sony doesn't know what you want so much
got up in the main shape I wanted like
an oval shape bubble shape so not a
heart shape like that one came in but
also I liked that one like a teardrop
shape birthday so we'll just say round
you can be oval to your job round square
shaped out if you want gold white gold
do you want platinum you want sterling
silver as you want cubic zirconia oh
wait that's not okay well I want white
gold but I did just see white gold and
rose gold mixed together really crazy
favors pretty she's talking about this
one this one this is Joshua he's gonna
be helping himself today
hey he agreed to be on our YouTube
channel
yeah I'm like the last guy there's the
disclosure so this right here with the
rose gold accented with the white gold
in the exterior halo is going to be kind
of a vintage with a slight modern twist
to it do all these have like a maximum
small well it depends on the type of
ring so right here you see the diamonds
on the side but the diamonds on the side
if you start to shrink it too small the
little prong that hold the man open up
is that the wire already it's hard to
talk it so bad is it like the first
wedding dress you tried on you tried on
100 of them that is the first one I know
is the last one oh what's the last one
oh no sir gonna be here all day she's
cute but yeah that's a 4/4
that's still big the other three and a
half would probably be too small so
you're probably a 3.75 those are some
tiny fingers uh-huh
so that pear shape is going to
that's a heart he called it what
difficult parasite mm-hmm the table of
the diamond is actually 14% larger so
you know that we're in Texas and
everything's bigger and better in Texas
hey one care to look like a one and a
quarter because the table the top
surface area is 14% larger now these
diamonds do rate excellent in every
single category so there's nothing about
that diamond but it's a minute
I like that it has a band but I know
that there's even get a band with
whatever but that's the first side we've
got in the whole time like I'm a simple
kind of girl to God I don't know it's
not any bigger than this ring just kind
of just but I do like that I am loving
the rose gold is that like I try the one
next to it mm squared try square one
this is what they call a cushion cut
halo it's going to be as if you were to
take a square and soften the corners but
the diamond in the center is still round
I really like it but I think it's just
not me yeah we didn't get the size so
just take it off
tools are officially in the top three
those two this one's like part-time this
one's a full-time in the top three of
them
there are only 25 people living who can
cut that diamond that way because it's
so very unique I like that I'm sorry I
cut you up no you're fine the center
diamond creates ten perfect parts and
arrows inside you look inside you'll be
able to see hand cut that way it's the
only way it can be cut and then I can
set it up so you can see the top of it
right here it's so cute
all this details is still out of the top
three I believe medicines third case and
now we're going back but we're being
patient roughly about four hours that's
the longest yeah it was it was quite a
while that doesn't seem that worrying
happy because then the first thing is
well done oh wow I think we're walking
out here with something with the rose
gold in it absolutely silly that's not
like I think it's silly I think that's
beautiful what rose gold this one's
getting moved sorry buddy this one's
gone yeah you try to something by Neal
I'll trade you I'll take this one give
you this
simple and elegant that's what we're how
much is religion thousand that's not
anyways outcome I don't think I'd ever
choose that's not me either that's
definitely not me
there are the four C's of diamonds are
you familiar with that
there's cut which does about 60% of the
diamonds value then you have the clarity
which is how many inclusions are inside
how small they are how big they are then
you have the color rating which starts
at D and works its way down to Z I just
thought this one was the one in my head
I wasn't going to say it out loud
because these two are like I said it
that means something what and then I put
this one on which one were you thinking
this one other one the first part it's
so annoying how I'm feeling inside I'm
the most indecisive person ever more
based on what you said and how you've
reacted to all the rings that one should
be the one that you will ignite first
yeah almost agree really struggling
wasn't doing these two you just put it
down say goodbye to that I don't want to
see my egg I have to think about yet
yeah I'm gonna say goodbye just not yet
that's not really good as I put this one
on - I'm thinking maybe I'm not
initially
do you like it or do you love it yeah
he's made mrs. complicated on you as
possible
from the side this one is absolutely my
favorite okay just okay favorite profile
right here this one for some reason I
feel more when I put it on me feel more
emotional about this one well that's
what we want no but then overall from
the top which is when everybody looks at
this one's my favorite
the one that he snuck over my progress
he snuck this one up coming down to the
wire T about the clothes hunting you got
a decide think you should get this one
that's just me and I'm just yeah as you
said that I'm now like oh maybe this one
is just why are you drawn to this one I
mean I didn't know that was like your
kind of style honestly let's ask the fan
basic see what they like better which
one do you guys like better I liked a
Vera Wang love collection ring because
it has a little sapphire Rutan Center
and that was originally what I was going
to pick out for her if she just can't
statue wants both you don't get both
let's just keep up whatever we get both
oh my god you trust your husband yeah
did he pick the first ring out for you
yeah so if you get him two options you
think he can make a good decision
and that you'd love it forever I don't
know party helping out here I need to
know which ones are your favorite nice
things my hat goes here which one do you
like the same one
do you holiness little more man just
five minutes yeah
you trying to take just almost like who
cares what other people think is so
pretty out
one more than is really like an
emotional process I feel like I'm having
to say goodbye to one of them 9 8 7 6 5
4 3 2 1
well she made her final decision so you
know
feels like I felt like we knew that we
were going to do this and now we've done
it and it was a really hard decision for
me to say yes to one ring and telling
the how it's over I'm not gonna like all
that said that no fear is - yeah I just
had that I didn't expect to have such a
hard time choosing I really didn't tell
expected it for me the right to be
indecisive but to actually have to that
it came down to life I thought I just
want to try on every single ring and
then usually be like man man I guess you
did get down to the last suit pretty
quick so we were taking it home with us
but he's putting a temporary sizer on
you
you
you
you
you
