you are my brother you are my sister
by the same guy nobody say
if
in this together morning everyone
company is getting caught on her
homework she has a super kids curriculum
she's gonna be going through the book
called gifts
it is a gift gift good job
Cass gets a kit that's a is it still
good job they're all wrong it's been a
busy morning already got up got some
gifts wrapped for Christmas time just a
few days when we go into my mom and
dad's house and doing Christmas with
them and my uncle and aunt and her kids
this has been one of those days where I
gave the kids a morning bath because
we've been so busy at night the last two
nights I didn't take bath so they took a
morning bath this morning and man they
loved it they played for like an hour or
more I don't know it was a long long
long morning bath Anthony needs to clean
her room I need to clean the kitchen and
the craft room later I'm going to
painting with a twist I'm super excited
about that and I didn't realize it's
already like almost noon so it's not
that far away I get to go paint just a
couple hours take cozy in there one two
three way to go
break his skeletal
Here Come Italy we kind of match so
we're both my gray sweater do you have
our grapes body back and we're going to
paint these drinks I'm doing blue this
is what I'm painting Kristen's doing
this one I like to use all so far here's
what we've got
where you got your paper I know you guys
remember doing Thanksgiving go first
mark using the tip of my brush adults
the paper guys like fine
did you turn out pretty good thank you
do you surf funny Chris win so festive
okay this is our wonderful teacher she
did a great job
Nadine looks like the model seriously so
perfect so symmetrical of course that's
big and pretty this one has an octopus
on the top this one's cool Oh a green
one I love that looks so cool
another woman's aquarium treated
differently that people did I'm back my
painting is already on the wall oh poor
thing with his face what did you eat
today buddy
did he pickles no it's pretty bad right
now
yeah back yea shopkin bag I decided that
since my painting with a twist picture
today is a blue theme so I would replace
my other one from over here with this
one and kind of frame the wreath forever
a little to the right
I meant to the left no to the right
you're right a lot you're right uh yeah
up a tad smidge right there no down down
looks pretty good Bigelow oh that's a
cute little setup Symphony Abram it's
time for advent okay so when Jesus was
born what was he wrapped in a class-a
swaddling cloth that's right when you go
to sleep what do you wrap in a blankie
what kind of a what do we put on your
body mm-hmm Lincoln what pajamas all
right so here's your clue
Abram are you listening to your clue go
look on your bed for something green and
red hey grant
go look on your bed buddy
Christmas jammies
wait go look on your bed not a sissies
bed you gotta look on your bed Oh what
is that what's green and red new jammies
yeah right here get them yeah let's go
put him on oh it doesn't have pockets
that's all you notice about it doesn't
it it are you in hell
that's what buttons though oh look at
this strike that's just so cool dude
whoa - daddy's no fun little princess oh
yay can you guys stand by the Triana
Toby's always have to make some toys
keep Krauser to the tree pickle picture
again me okay
right horoscope look at this house shoes
I have sold what you guys think cone up
corn
it just won't pop huh huh never had this
happen before
well there goes one well here we come
happen it's really happening
let's scaping stop bad so guys I think
me is gonna be very appreciative of what
you guys got here I got a box here that
I'm going to put it in and I got the
comment right here this is from page
good mint you got 415 likes on there I
think you should get knee and yourself a
very special night out just the two of
you to relax and enjoy each other you
two deserve it such a stressful year um
get her new dress and planning dinner at
her favorite restaurant I love you guys
I think I'm gonna try to buy her dress
put this in with the dress and when she
opens those to this you know put from
fan basic on there too near that was an
awesome idea thank you so much I think
she'll love that
come on how are you come on come come
come on over you Oreo come on Oh yogi
good you good
come in tonight yeah that's not
happening tonight she won't even come to
me try again later you guys ready for
goes to Olivia stats she said I found
sand in the blog awesome congratulations
Olivia that's so cool we're gonna go eat
pickles and popcorn yeah little juicy
nope corn to pop I'm good mmm
great we'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember
but amnesty
for MST
