hi you know I think Juliet sick gosh you
guys I've never done this poor mega mega
maaan fail Oh buddy crying this was
totally unexpected together good morning
guys Avram are you ready to go to Broken
Bow hi today we're off to Oklahoma very
early today I never leave off at this
time I feel like it you know because I'm
gonna have a full day's working but time
I get there I'm three hours away it's
6:00 a.m. that gets me there at what
nine ten o'clock this baby better sell
breakfast this morning yeah as a puppy
like that good morning ladies
you can I go back to school after your
long break that long boring break that
you had in jewels keep getting closer
closer
Ellen bye bye bye bye as always just
mommy and joel's
we're gonna start our day with a story
telling aren't we where's baby's belly
button where our baby's eyes ah under
her head
Oh backwards oh my gosh that's close
hangman's good be careful you gotta let
go bud these are brakes you can't go
that fast okay oh man maybe you're too
little for this buddy why that's why I
got it so you could drive back and forth
look you just got to go slow I got my
toe sorry buddy what are we gonna do
better job at home you think it's safe
for home
Oh buddy through crime but strive to the
road here
hey guys Julie I just woke up from a
really sweet morning up I did lots of
laundry but I did not get out of my
jammies because it was so freezing cold
I am probably going to not go anywhere
you want this cold until I have to go
get some pretty Facebook hey Joe Zee's
do you want to share some biscuits with
Mama isn't that sound yummy she doesn't
care she just wants to play she's always
in the best mood when she wakes up from
her nap especially when it's like a long
morning nap a lot of times when the both
of the big kids are home from school
she'll skip her morning up and take an
afternoon nap so that her and Abram at
least can nap together
well when they're all gone to school she
naps when she's ready to nap and it's
honestly a little bit better for her and
me because she's happier that way but
it's also good to have kids on a
schedule doing things together because
it creates you know some order in the
home and so it's a win-win both ways but
I do cherish these days when it's just
her and I at home and the naps are sweet
and long and snuggly in the mornings and
then we have all of the afternoon to
play all the lines of clothes that you
don't have any water in here what's up
what oh great look at this the ice pop
this off oh I left it dripping a thing
baby look at that we're gonna have a
little icicle here see ya oh man
why don't we go do if I take this off I
can get the ice out expose give us some
water
so the purpose of installing these
hydrants guys is to prevent it from
freezing well
it's frozen because I didn't close it
before I left there was water all on
this pipe and flowing through the hose
and it's all frozen once you close it
all the water goes back down and drains
off and to the ground under there that's
why you bury rocks at the bottom of
these hydrants stupid me left it on
everything's frozen no we have no water
when I tell me let's see if this one
works I install this one by the hot tub
nothing Wow gets the whole pipe is
frozen over there not good under the
house sounds frozen huh looks like more
the ceiling fell I'm nice you guys I
just got a text from like administrators
in high school but they had early really
sissie I'm sorry to wake human they
don't darling but we gotta go pick up CC
from school oh my baby's not feeling so
good you guys gosh you guys have never
done this before
mega mega mom fail oh gosh with myself
but one of the first things I need to do
is take inventory of my tools I know I
have a couple tools in there I'm hoping
I still have once almost my cells are
stolen if not this one all of them but
check this it has a plus I have for the
work I'll be doing this we can still
have my chainsaw thank God I have a
couple chargers nice I thought that was
stolen nice circular saw with the
battery that's awesome that's all I'll
need for this weekend at least 100
that's usually in the box still have
that at least oh oh I have my drill no
way I thought for sure that was in there
I just bought another one of these
exactly like it that is so cool
that's exciting news it really is I've
been kind of down about all this tole
replacing I had to go to Home Depot
today and just rebind all the simple
tools I need to have handy it was such a
bummer that's good news it's really good
nice it's really cool I'm happy about
that
this is the whole water line just PVC so
where the sink was this is the new water
line that i ran underneath the house you
listen it's frozen
I guess they prevent that when the house
is up by letting the water drip is that
how it works because no this is
insulated and I didn't think you had an
insulator under the house well I guess
if I have the heater on maybe couldn't
heats up underneath the house and
prevents that now I'm learning as I go
if you guys know the answer to that tell
me down below I'm sure a lot of you guys
do my wheelbarrows frozen Oh
nice solid
Symphony's back Oh sissy I'm so sorry we
forgive me what did you do while you
were waiting for me for over an hour it
was fun even though you were nervous now
that I've fixed me up from the
administrator's office I guess she's one
of the administrators I have learned
that she gets out of school early all
week long how exciting lady
we sure are I'm gonna text the mommies
of all symphonies friend and I'm gonna
try to plan a week full of playdates
when she gets out of school early and
then on Friday she has no school which
is as usual and we'll try to have them
with me
somebody found uncle Matthew's dog right
near our house so we're gonna drive over
there and see if we can find her started
routes west
all right we're at Westgate drive here
and Terrell Symphony should we go left
or right first elec let's go left see if
we see a doggy with a little red sweater
that's gambit gam Bay gam big brother
this dead ends until like a field she
could be in there for all we know gambit
oh poor Matthew what's up dog no dogs
huh I just a lady just stopped me she
could tell I was looking and she said
that he was over here on 118 or
something so I turned around well we are
passing this duty on to uncle Matthew he
drove here all the way from Dallas but
we actually have a scheduled appointment
stick of our groceries and so we have to
hop onto that I'm not gonna do any work
today I'm just gonna hang out here in
the trailer until tomorrow with a room
and we're just gonna party on mana like
it's 2018 what do you say we do some
just dance we're gonna dance too boo da
by D
hurry
did you get a cool toy shop in triceps
having them like that open it up what
everyone say TZ another mystery okay so
I got message it's um it's until now and
for Katie and it has you still went out
oh cool we got a blind box in here guys
guys look what came in our blind bag
it's a little teapot guys we're gonna go
get some okay girls coffee and ice cream
are you gonna get ice cream or hot cocoa
buddy hey ice cream selection right here
oh it's a blue and blue Bailey
no it's like cookie cookie dough it's
pretty amazing sympathy loves it Oh down
right there but no no wait that one did
you pay me stuffed animal a neat stuff
no I forgot one guess what your new
I know it seems like we're always buying
something and it feels like we are and I
really are make account reflects that
but this guy needs a stuffed animal when
he goes to sleep so so cute years
he's at home cuz sandy is he's hungry
he's so skinny he needs to be fed he
needs some lovin we take me home
will you take me I need help I'm gonna
hear you look so sad you guys I just did
not have my head screwed on tight i sat
in the Forney walmart pickup line for
like half an hour and the guy came out
and he's like you don't have anything
here so I checked my up again and it was
in Rockwall so I'm at Rockwall now at
6:15 at night I'm finally getting my
groceries well guys after what seemed to
have been one of the most chaotic
afternoons and evenings I've ever had it
is finally quiet and peaceful in the
house kids are in bed groceries are put
away the house is cleaned up I've done
my workout and guess who's here it's
sandy and she's drinking espresso 9
o'clock at night is this okay to drink
on a cleanse yeah look at that foam on
top
whipped cream guess what guys I'm just
telling sandy that's so far every single
day of 2018 I worked out I get she
already broke her clips and then I
started like to apply oh my girl
start over tomorrow that's how these
things work right get it done hashtag we
have things on our agenda we're gonna be
crafting for a baby stuff looks really
good it's really
tastes open car here we go they both
like these zombies so to start with I'm
painting these little wooden things
maybe I shouldn't show the outcome of it
just in case Kari ceases but therefore
name tags or tags in general I guess I
suppose
we thought we heard a rat over you
there's a bunch of paper in the one
above you that one's full of string and
fabric no just don't do it make me wake
my kids I think we heard a rat or
something over here okay just get a
skinny yellow and Brent out hey Bill
this is new your waiter at I know you
came out a few weeks ago because we
thought we had seen a rat well it's
definitely in my attic I heard it
tonight like all over the ceiling and
maybe possibly going up and down the
walls gosh it was totally meant to be
that you came over tonight this was
totally unexpected we heard this rat or
family or friends together and I'm
freaked out I have chill bumps they just
won't go away there's wine in old house
and this is all add-ons and it's all
probably wouldn't sheet rock over there
easy to cloth room oh well that part's
break so it can't literally get not
break and I know this okay so come back
tomorrow see if bill catches whatever
this is I don't know how he's gonna do
it and I'm terrified and I hope he comes
first thing in the morning anyways we'll
see you guys tomorrow maybe have a few
extra family members on our hands
that's what he is
that's what he is he's a doggie
he needs a mane I already mean then
pluck
what kind lets me give him a name how
about brokey for broken bow you're
calling puppy or dog me okay
can I be like a kid again and no one to
stop eating everyone's so good about
knowing when to stop eating
I always ovary I regret it I get better
and I do all over again I know why I'm
gonna get this kid right what's his name
would you decide on we'll catch you guys
tomorrow ma I got a lot of work ahead of
me I'm gonna level the whole back of the
house and replace a bunch of Ward don't
forget guys we love you remember hey man
that's not very nice no no I'm smarter
with
