my sister made by the same guy loved by
the same heart
where I won't
in this together company why is today so
special Apple dress you're having your
first Christmas party in school your job
dad where do you go yeah
can't get a picture of you by the
Christmas tree you got your black socks
here let me move this good smile
Christmas spirit is in full force today
not even 9 o'clock in the morning yet
and I'm sorting socks
ok guys I'm about to get Sam I have this
big cup just water
wishing you set that alarm now you wear
sin huh I wasn't very first yeah I woke
you up after actually I gave you 20
minutes can you guys believe me do that
to me
the nerve of her and the guts the
audacity the gumption of that woman to
do that to me while I'm sleeping I'm
glad you did because I wasn't having
trouble staying awake in the morning so
that really helped it's strange because
I was dreaming that we're looking at a
house and I had just noticed in the
backyard that there was a swimming pool
and I was like honey you got to come
back here I was like this is the house
she came out I was like wow yeah we
definitely have to get this house and
bam the water went my face and it was
freezing water before we go to Cynthia's
Christmas party I put some holes in
these dowels that I cut I don't have any
way of putting holes in them like this
one right here come here buddy come on
yeah close it thank you
there's the drill press I need one of
those for your hand you're saying this
little bill barn good luck I don't have
time to come today but we're going side
get ready for Cindy's Christmas party
come on buddy
oh hey I'm getting everything ready for
symphonies little classmates this is a
red and silver one guys we're on our way
to the party I'm so excited this just
feels like a milestone in our lives
that's Karen you only go into your first
child's first class Christmas party once
in her life the next time somebody has a
party you'll already the experienced
party parents you know oh look sign it
Anthony was like mommy are all the moms
gonna be there and I was like I don't
know but I'm gonna be and she's like
well I don't know how much footage we'll
be able to get for you guys try to get a
little bit of sneak peek in there
because at her school I try to be very
discreet and we're filming especially
this was a classroom size allows
everyone to so
there's my buddy
where did your cupcake
what's happening
with
party time is over and now symphonies
back home we signed her out early only
like an hour early and we're gonna make
Rosen pop floor and we were supposed to
make it for the party but we got home
late last night we did it and the party
had way too many things going on anyways
so it actually works out quite perfectly
sprinkles I simply said and 12 ounces of
white chocolate melting Lakers or
chocolate chips get a bit smaller
popcorn is coming like how much we've
got here some seven cups of popcorn
stars
good job 30 secondes a girl's mouth yeah
tight so take that spoon out real quick
wool it's all done huh then I'm going to
put this cool so that's gonna be awesome
okay yeah it looks pretty good doesn't
it that's not my hand breaks pop it in
the oven not in the oven we put it in a
fridge Oh Lucy's gonna love me make sure
you get this area there's not very many
over there or over here pretty funny
and now I wish you would tell me why do
you wanna okay bye I'll stay right here
you go hey guys we just opened a little
early Christmas gift from the sweetest
lady her name is Nancy aka Texas Nana
I got teary eyed when I first opened up
the box she said that she started making
this when we announced our first
pregnancy and she didn't quit when she
saw that we miscarried because she knew
we'd keep trying look guys it's so
beautiful seriously look at the detail
like on the edges little lace edges look
how cute that is
I can't wait to wrap up a little bundle
in this Nancy thank you so so much it is
so special that you made that with your
own little hands and the letter that you
sent with it it just means so much to us
we love you guys thank you so much for
supporting us and she left a special
note for Sam to have fun with the bubble
wrap
go for it guys
whoa whoa man broke your car fast yeah
let's go fix it we get this under the
tree oh I'll get you over this help me
help me please don't kiss me
do you want to give
oh thank you buddy such a nice guy such
a nice guy bring it without long the
packages through it long I mean afford
so strong come on get it what oh yeah
think I got a hernia actually I'm pretty
sure it yeah a hiatal hernia fixed it so
this present is really long I don't know
how it's gonna go into the tree I really
want to wrap it this is Symphony's main
present this year it's that one thing
that she asked for Annie and I really
want to get four cashews in the most
amazing daughters getting ready to wrap
it buddy
hey I'm such a good helper thank you
oh I'm gonna push you again oh yeah what
a strong man yeah I think he's pooping
actually
goodbye to hell what are you doing on
personal Hoss
back with friends and loved ones there
it is guys now the ultimate Christmas
present it's a big Christmas present
from friends bye bye
bread there dear Fred Fred alright guys
real quick before I get in bad knee is
still not home so I gotta do this alone
it's getting late it's 9:30 so the
comment of the day goes to everybody who
suggested the leche leche the lush bath
bombs just about everybody suggested
them I ordered some right away I've
already got some coming in a mil
expedited shipping and they'll be in her
stocking within the next five days thank
you guys so much ladies you guys are
awesome
I also had this other idea since you
guys by watching our videos supporter
family I was wondering what would you
guys like me to get two for Nia from you
guys I guess we can just have some
suggestions go through the comments if
you see one you liked like it and I'll
Charlie get the ones that are most liked
what would you guys like me to get Nia
for Christmas from the fam basic um so
just let me know in comment section
below I would love to do that that'd be
really fun we'll see you guys tomorrow
don't forget as always we love you and
remember to love each other
we shout
