good morning Rakesh booker's oh yeah
lots of boogers goodness can you blow it
let's not blowing it through your nose
guys good morning how are you guys doing
yes Nia's driving should give me a break
she said she gets nauseated when she
doesn't drive so I'm like okay we are
off to go to Heath in Amanda's house
early this morning it's not even 9
o'clock yet I'm doing an interview of
Heath for our church Diddy I'm dying and
Nia's gonna go have a playdate with the
kids and Amanda
our favorite place McDonald's he doesn't
like that joke I'm trying to get away
from it she doesn't like the joke of us
loving McDonald's I don't want to say
though I'm loving it
she'll knock off insure your car what
color is that car
made by the same guy loved by the same
heart we've got
to give
and this together we're home now guys
interview went good me and Amanda played
for a while at McDonald's and Sam's
heading out again in a minute to do two
more everybody Abram thinks he is just
the king of the castle and sissies not
here like he's sitting in her seat for
lunch he said c'mere daddy can daddy go
back to the computer now okay he just
wanted you to see how big he is are you
sitting in a big big seat oh my are too
big man guys today has been a busy busy
day we've already driven to Rockwall
twice as you guys know we're like 30
minutes away from Rockwall and we still
have to go again tonight I've been
working really hard on the church video
as you can see I got to interview Bo
today and Heath and I did some shots of
the elder elder meeting I was called the
elderly meeting at the church and then
tonight we're crashing another GC group
and we're going to shoot there and do
another interview I can usually get
through the day with one or two cups of
coffee but today I think it's gonna
require at least three cups this morning
I didn't get to brush my teeth and that
brings me to our sponsor kind of a bad
segue I did in to brush my teeth just
not this morning our sponsor for this
month is vanity planet as you guys know
Nia gave you guys an awesome deal on the
spin brush today guys I'm gonna offer
you another awesome awesome deal 75% off
a teeth whitening system I occasionally
use teeth whiteners yes you have learn
something new about me every day I drink
black coffee and my teeth stained very
easily I've used their teeth whitening
system in the past few days and have
achieved this just right here look at
those so comes with these little
retainer type things you put in hot
water and you mold them to your teeth
and I love this compared to like the
crust one you'll get at Walmart or
something that just kind of fold over
your teeth because I gotta like leave my
mouth like this and I end up like
swallowing a whole bunch of it it just
fits right in and it comes with 10 ml of
the whitening solution 3 ml of the
remineralizing solution you don't get
this with the ones you buy at the store
the remineralizing solution goes inside
here afterwards you're supposed to put
on like once a week to I decrease this
sense
Tiffany and it really works this also
comes with a little LED light to speed
up the process this is before this is
after can you guys tell a difference
I've only used it three days and already
have those results BOM you guys can get
75% off or you can click in the link
down in the description box and it's
originally $100 so you guys are giving
$75 off that is pretty awesome or when
you go to checkout you can enter the
code
Sam's pearly whites and get 75% off
everybody's always looking for a perfect
stocking stuffer and I have an extra one
of these I'm gonna put a nice talking
for her to use after she's pregnant she
can't use why she'd breaker right now if
you want whiter teeth like me
make sure you go check it out barenbi
planet
Sam's little box princess of the house
man hello you must hit yourself in the
face with Miss miss Natalie miss Morris
miss Kate oh they'll start with myths
it's just a plight way of saying
somebody's name you get a package might
as well be honey why is there a dirty
diaper in the military that's cute it's
a maternity sweater so I really don't
have that many shirts that accommodate a
belief you're so smart what do we have
here well who is that who's on the son
thing okay yay
what's Rudolph's job he dies Santa he
guides Santa's sleigh the lesson is just
like Rudolph has a light that he shines
so the other reindeer know where to go
you have the light of Jesus inside of
you and you need to shine it so that the
people who see you will know which way
to go they'll know the way to act
they'll know the way to be kind and the
way to obey and the way to not be
selfish so this one's Abraham's you go
buddy
I got these for you
well Abram go get your coupe out of the
road just back y jc-- hopping again
tonight you guys
you see ya Christmas lights are moving
this house over there is all decked out
it's hard to see from here it's so
pretty though we'll give you another
peek at it afterwards I think you can't
be yours out there well love it
come on up children daddy needs to film
hey guys so this is Eric it's an ahjussi
and johnny was to see what's up Johnny
yes she disappeared for like 30 minutes
this is Sam getting footage baby Micah I
keep calling him Noah he looks like Noah
setting up his shot hi guys this is
Symphony and this hi friend cow
how come I never get to hold it cuz it's
not your camera come they are here
eating right now sugar cookie he is in
love with Michelle so you better not
trust him cuz don't say that cuz cuz he
is really not he's faking it
don't listen to her no you listen to me
don't listen to him doesn't anything in
the whole wide world only listen to God
daddy's gonna cut out a part that you
said don't listen to her daddy's gonna
cut out that part no I'm gonna tell them
too we are eating pistachios and he
wants the show also I want to tell you
something really important don't forget
we love you and don't forget to look at
a measurement eyeball
remember to try pistachios and you never
tried them yeah okay bye here with our
next video
look letter so does the same job I don't
know that's what the official mailbox
was a letter to Santa here that's so
cute
you gotta wait for five whole minutes oh
this is really cute Abram look at the
lights first pic how pretty the lights
are look at Christmas land oh oh look at
those just look at it look at it just
look at shipping you got your chair
sweetie hey bro come on by switching
your butt well it's almost trash thrown
in your doorway hey guys we just made it
home
I'm putting the kids to bed tonight can
you believe it all by myself
I promised me I'd do it on the way out
today she said if we go with you you got
to promise to put the kids down because
once I get home I need to get in the
bathtub and just lay in that bathtub and
just marinate oh my mom I said fine
honey
fine fine fine you do what you got to do
but I want you to come with me because
you give me confidence when I started
doing weddings
I like required me to be there with me
there's something about having Mia there
that gave me more confidence and as I
got better at it I was able to do it on
my own more and now that I'm doing video
just now getting into it and filming
this church for the first time I'm
really nervous about it like I just
there's something about Nia being there
that just puts me at ease and makes me
feel more confident what I'm doing that
was the agreement and she's in there
taking her bath marinatin honey okay in
there all right
why do you take your shirt off again
whoa look at that belly
Billy's you're gonna do it again there
you go sissy crazy kid down man you're
crazy
okay okay in my meadow I look for clover
this he's nibbling the strawberries
pyramid bridge pyramid
what do you see I see a yellow Sydney
was so sweet guys she opened up to me
about something bad she did at school
today we tried to get her to talk about
things that she did wrong that she can
ask for forgiveness for it she mentioned
she put her hand in some pink when a
teacher told her not to
after several other kids did it she
decided to do it and we had to talk
about leadership and setting an example
and she was just so understanding she
was just like very kind of disappointing
herself as she did she's like yeah we
probably won't get to put stamps ever
again anyway it was just really sweet
because she knew what she did wrong and
she didn't like it he was so proud of
that girl anyway guys I need your help
I need you guys our suggestions on what
I should put in these stockings I want
to make sure she does not read the
comments on this video but I want to
give her a perfect stocking this
Christmas so I have the teeth teeth
whitening system that I told you guys
about in there
have this Burt's Bees kit like a hand
cream of foot creams and lip balm I have
that body milk I told you guys about its
Michael Kors sample perfume and I got
her several different samples coming in
the mail or several of them on eBay oh
that smells so good I love that hope she
does
she loves bubble bath lately so if you
guys know something amazing for the
bubble bath please let me know in the
comment section so I could include that
in her stocking I also want to put some
special candies in there if you guys
have any ideas like candy please let me
know alright calm another day come from
Gracie Taylor at 3:10 what kind of walk
was Oreo doing she's doing a backwards
walk she's very talented dog I played it
backwards this seems like it tricked a
lot of people though a lot of people
were like what that was run backwards
but we'll see you tomorrow guys don't
forget
