good morning guys guys what did you want
to show everybody watchin oh cool train
daddy daddy seeping we had a rough night
last night me and daddy did my train
guys play with you you are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same heart
to give love
well
in this together all right I'm watching
go whoo
you're gonna go whoa
good morning fam basic how are you guys
going this morning I'm doing wonderful
even though I did have a lot of trouble
sleeping last night do you guys ever
take time out p.m. I took some time off
p.m. last night two of them because it's
1:30 and I decided I wasn't going to
fall asleep without aid and they were
just horrible man I had like restless
leg body the entire night after that
knee end up kicked me out of bed out of
the couch because I said me keep waking
me up because literally I just kept
jerking around like this way and I get
up and my body was just like just a lot
of contractions all over my body
I mean so I will not be taking top PM
ever again guess I'll just go without
sippy mmm my knee is good without a you
know a lot of sleep at night I got to
get eight hours or I filled the next day
I feel that lack of one hour if I get
seven hours I'll feel it I'm trying to
get this project done before Christmas
so I could take her out if you what I
got going on here this is what it looks
like so far
I filled in the gaps up here now I just
need to do some more sanding and some
cleaning up and then I'm going to stain
it and then my other seat is in the
making over here I got the last piece of
trim on them underneath that paint mix
right there as you can see I made a
mistake on this one I took the route or
two for it's kind of frustrating but I
would fill it all just fill it in but
yeah there's the back seat
every word mommy please yes good job
yeah mommy's at recess this is recess I
can't believe you said that just guys
getting better and better at this
understand my mom's not here where is
she
yo-yos right there and mommy's at recess
with sissy huh yeah or your career come
here we go
she'd get ready for over here I'm
getting ready to do Christmas ornament
DIYs hello Christmas ornaments for
symphonies class she has her very first
ever Christmas party tomorrow with the
next day so we're gonna get started on
it tonight in the room
party favors honor the presents for each
of her classmates I've tried so hard to
surprise me with Christmas gifts this
year the first gift I bought her she saw
it in the Amazon basket that it was
bought and she's like I thought what you
bought me I was like man I can't keep
secrets so instead of buying this on
Amazon I went to ebay and bought it I
think I'm gonna pay a little bit more
but I paid it for it anyway because I
didn't want her to see it and I showed
up to our porch today she just got home
and she said I just saw you got me for
Christmas again is on the porch they did
cover it up he looked at it it's all
covered in this black paper and she
happened to walk up from over here and
saw that I got her a new painting pot
set so irritating I can't keep a secret
from her I bought some other stuff on
eBay now I'm just gonna have to go out
of my way to make sure that when it
arrives she's not around because I gotta
start tracking everything now when we
close we'll wrap isn't you saw it what
are you really excited about it yes I
believe matches this room
matches this room about it and is it
waterproof yes they're gonna be
waterproof I did make a mistake on this
one that I've learned what my mistake
lever and we won't be making that again
not even sure what this is but this is
what I got her two stocking stuffer
mm-hmm body milk
body milk Oh I just bought it oh hi Mike
so here I am typical mom doing all kids
projects all by myself but now we found
a pretty cool video for Nia's nest if
you guys gonna want to go over and watch
the entire thing I'm gonna put it
together over there it should be up by
the time you're watching this so watch
out for it and you know what if I'm
being totally and completely honest I
don't entirely recommend this um
easy inexpensive DIY project just you
know it was easy wasn't expensive and I
think the kids are gonna love it but
they're heavy like where you out getting
them to school without someone busting
them Symphony Abram you know but anyways
mother turned out pretty cool here are
the ones we've done so far we have
silver and red and turquoise and gold we
have this one Symphony said this one
turned out the best this is some purple
and white in here but I think this one's
the best quite a few of the boys in her
class are into minecraft and so we did
like a black green and silver on this
one and I think it turned out pretty
cool daddy maybe for father's day I'll
get you a new room
we're broke Christmas who are grandmas
so I'm Tori tell Father's Day yeah yeah
were you gonna get the money from them
cami mom's gonna help you I can can hey
Dukey you have to go to work again buddy
go
yo came in I think I got that on camera
and every we stop that teacher nobody
thinks you were cool when you fell on
the ground get up crazy kid sitting
don't go too fast k looks like you're
going a little bit too fast for your
experience okay I think you should
probably slow down a little bit more a
little bit more look at her go
you don't try with other training wheels
I'm just asking when you want to try
with other training wheels when you're
eight yes cuz they'll be easier for you
you don't want to be like cami like cami
she was on training wheels she's nine
Hey shakes like she's not enough huh I'm
smaller than her when did you start
riding without training wheels
I don't know I was like six six Sydney
yup one more year babe no next year cami
did that six
Oh
thank God says the first step in during
a walk on a long time it feels strange
not driving a rock wall Nina are talking
about moving for the one reason that we
drive the rock wall once or sometimes
twice a day it's usually at least once a
day today didn't you go any think no she
didn't go to Rockville either which is a
big surprise
oh whoa whoa man that was close this
scared me you must rain over a room
Cammie and I have proof right here on
video April come back buddy complain the
leaves you okay
no don't fall right there Oh be careful
by these rocks over here I just wanted
to show you guys my dinner for tonight
doesn't that like yeah me with the
apples around it it's called apple
bourbon pork chop but it's a solid this
all a piece of pork chop is not like the
flat ones and you bake it in the oven
for 30 minutes there's not a huge fan of
pork chop and I really like them so I
try to mix it up when I make them you
know just to kind of like I don't make
something really yummy out of it okay
this is what Sam's portion looks like
with glazed apples on top that I cooked
with the me oh my goodness just looks so
delicious
what are like runners that think the
green beans are the pork room beans can
I only try these two and so far they
really we know no they're both so good
I've even know which one to choose when
you like better I don't know I'm pretty
proud of how it turned out that the
meats really tender and juicy really
good
do you like the meat buddy hey Abram
what we got here whoa where did I ever
both he hid himself under there fine
where you go Johnny around you that
means on me okay through your hey
where'd you go oh no I did find you yeah
you're still under there oh there you
are
whoa hey guys we're in bed now you can't
tell
we're just on to the comments trying to
pick the colander the day there's just
so many good comments it's hard to pick
just one a lot of you guys noticed that
we used your outro at the end of the
vlog that's neat that you noticed we had
two different days really dude polar
opposites shut a busy day and I had a I
don't know what to do day you're a very
productive day I'll shift off a
gazillion wreaths I took the worker
Starbucks did you both owe him both the
workers yeah
yes and then do they like to fight yes
they're both so excited that I totally
forgot that there's always a worker in
the back who like thanks ever about me
know if they're holding bottom is
another lady they took the boxes you
know what the good attitude yeah they
were really happy I brought it in first
I was like shut take the coffee and
first or last I was a saying you she's
like taking him first
yeah really better I'm right back but I
gotta have a big order today the comment
of the day cuz I'm Jessica Edwards she
says love your videos my question is how
do you keep your youngest from messing
with the presents under the tree
god bless there's a good question we
just simply tell him don't touch the
presents under the tree and he doesn't
do it like from the very beginning we
needs to touch the cabinets in the
kitchen literally we would scare him out
of it I was like every time it goes into
that cabinet we slap our hands ago No
our hands we don't have hands clap clap
and it scared them out of it we do the
same thing with symphony and as worked
with both of them like a charm neither
one of them go in those cabinets at all
anyway well we'll see you guys tomorrow
tomorrow and be interviewing Heath needs
gonna have a little play date with
demand and the kids but I'm thankful
hanging out those guys don't forget we
love you they remember to love each
other
for then mister
