a little pocket gonna work recently he's
been playing I'm going to work you're
like going to work going to work bye dad
miss you
you got to go to work buddy no not
tonight you don't have to work today no
no no that's the cross good job man gosh
we missed the window window goes right
there where's the axle there it is
you're sitting on it put the circle on
you one more circle where is it check
under the couch got a lot of stuff under
there
you see your taxi do your taxi God so
you know what good morning
how's everybody doing I want to give you
guys a quick update on her dog so Oreos
doing fantastic going in and out of the
house however she did pee one time and
symphonies room Nia wasn't there reading
the symphony before she went to sleep
and Oreo just went up behind him and
squatted and went pee on her floor and
is like completely unlike her to do
something like that especially go
bathroom in front of anybody when I take
her outside she goes way back in the
back behind the trees and I rarely get
to even get to see her uses the restroom
but she's been such a good cooperative
dog in the house she's still extremely
afraid of us when I try to walk around
there she takes off running but Annie
guys has found a home which is such
awesome news I'm just so excited about
that she found a home with a lot of
acreage I said is like 8 acres a couple
has a 10 year old son and she had her
surgery to be feted so that's really
awesome news I'm really excited to hear
that it's a huge relief that's
what's on the agenda for today honey
right now Mia's planning our New Year's
Eve party
/ / we're doing the Year's Eve party and
our gender-reveal party at the same time
I can't tell you how we're gonna do it
yet though it's gonna be really good
I'll tell ya we go to Hobby Lobby they
came me you want to bring the camera
like sleepy today yeah what's up good
morning neighbors it's our weekly Hobby
Lobby excursion I've got four Reed's
left for the season I'm also going to
probably get a couple of rolls of gold
and silver
I made that this jewelry gold silver
black and it's just my favorite I love
it I'm hoping it's one of my big sellers
but I weighted towards end of the month
just start it because I've had so many
custom orders I haven't been able to
make orders that I wanted to make that
ain't a since I like to get creative
still even though I'm getting custom
orders they're all styles that I made
last year so this year I'm excited to
like really like update and make new
styles are you gonna get in the car do
you need me to give you in the car
wha-wha-wha was here I thought I might
look at the banner options that they
have for New Year's flash gold and white
see the little example up there it's
cute and I was looking at these letters
which are kind of perfect for what I'm
wanting are their gold letters in there
two dollars a piece
no nothing you who is this what's the
turtle say how you gonna hold that one
cool dude you're hugging him
ah tell me what this one is in my hand
what is it good job
don't walk over there hey yo man so
these are some viewers of ours make it
friends with
I made a friendship like a mega per
student on social media and she was
coming through the area Nicole like
become one of my besties they're moving
to LA because we have the opportunity to
be directors for a new ministry look at
this
Barney shopping at Lowe's together we've
just been scared can we run into metonym
you guys know you were in there for
quite some time and I hear that you were
telling my friends I was puking in the
parking lot yeah are you gonna eat it
buddy you're gonna try to
you charge us by the way
you got this eggnog it's so good
free time like my my stack is almost as
tall as me and there's more another
little stack accumulating on the floor
I'm gonna be doing four wreaths for sure
tonight and then tomorrow I'm sending
out one two three four sixteen boxes
it's fun now that Sam stays home and
because we just share responsibilities
with the kids and everything it's funny
cuz he's like why didn't you Rizzo feel
out of this bowl if this was serious
early and Jose why didn't you rinse it
out you were here too I didn't even
think about it I left and went and got
supplies as you're gonna solve well Sam
stayed here and he didn't hit hot we had
so much fun with Nicole and Adam and
their family it was seriously she's one
of those friends I've made since we
started vlogging that has just been one
of those
distant people that would seriously be
one of my best friends if she lived here
ever nobody there's some of your sister
it's Teddy distracting you Tiffany's
been putting a broom to bed for us
lately it's been really nice man I can't
wait that everyone gets older and the
baby news Tenma gets older and they're
all just taking care of each other and
we won't have to do a single thing yes
so making this up it isn't such a long
cycle to put Abrams a bit lately
moves like I go singing and submitting
those things that Sam goes to you then
he's like mom if we just be patient
eventually all he'll require your
Symphony and that's what I'm looking
forward to I can just sit back and be
like good night son
Symphony do what you got to do so this
is embarrassing guys you know the party
that we're planning yesterday I did
invitations and I usually let me uh
proofread everything I write because I
have some sort of dyslexia or something
and when I write I just make a lot of
errors what's so funny about that
he went back and read it on her way out
today and she's like he misspelled
chocolate a dessert competition twice
let's have a local family in need this
Christmas it's embarrassing because this
went to a lot of people and I'm about to
have to send it out to some more people
so that's what we'll be doing this
Friday we'll be doing Christmas party at
the foreigners house really excited
about it
going Christmas caroling anyways guys
we're gonna craft it up moving it up
crafted a hug
so we will see you tomorrow for another
day of fun exciting Raider filled
goodness don't forget don't forget don't
forget don't forget don't forget don't
forget don't forget don't forget we love
you we love you we love you love you we
love you we love you we love you Sam and
Nia love you I do I love you we love you
we love you we love you now sis kissing
we love you we love you we love you and
remember to love each other to love each
other to love each other to love each
other to love each other to love each
other to love each other to love each
other to love each other to love each
other to love each other
