yeah me help
buckle up simply requested exits member
yeah hop to it yeah yeah it's kind of
hot but you do like peanut butter huh
yeah yeah
you got some energies me okay mommy
yeah whoa he's standing
he gave me one chance was like
I'm not supposed to be in there good
morning guys we are at Walmart as usual
we have some stuff to return our bought
these blackouts
didn't work out tough one for lunch
later Jeff I saw in that you both saw it
somewhere okay well let's go to the
choice and see if we can find it
yesterday was Chuckie Cheese for customs
day is like some friends and family
birthday party not like a school
birthday like with all of our
schoolmates a school night just like
close friends and family so we're going
to get from again we're going to go to
his party after nappy-nap time and he's
really into minecraft those of you with
boy but what the heck is minecraft I
don't get it I know it's a video game or
something
what are they Symphony what's Minecraft
I don't really know
it's just sometimes I want to play nine
pack but sometimes I don't at school I
play it at school a lot huh it
playground upcoming at recess is let
they play but I want to play on that
iPad before but I really don't know let
it really hey Dad
I don't either let's try to figure it
out so he wants a Lego set that's cute
or no oh hey look you could get in one
of these like this is a blind box you
can get in my minecraft blind box until
hey what's this what is this don't even
know what it is that I'm getting him if
I get him that what he play with that
yeah what he was worth it you think he
loves minecraft he does right but what
is that yes my gosh it done boy hey Jake
silent open utterly no you didn't was
excited to give it to my title if you do
presents whoa
Wow cashew your son sandy will you take
a bullet for your son
yeah gyro hike and riverbed candy put
the candy down put it down buddy fresh
soup don't make me shoot
put the candy down I made for him that's
their Christmas present mommy
go get it does mommy oh yeah she went up
to that big man it took a tree for left
just for his mommy tough doctors mine
yeah
don't show her Cup hi Tiffany ready yeah
oh it was alright cup happy birthday
money we'll see you later
happy burger oh yeah thank you
we're at Mike's house now when I
interview them we wouldn't talk about
the Christmas part it's coming up look
at him I mean it's adorable
what are you doing in the bathroom you
get poopy diaper huh sniffing are you
learning from Lucy by eating apples and
from your TV instead of coupler that's a
great idea see cut them up with my
proper that's awesome hanging out with
Mike again yes sir
but party planning committee here the
marshmallows are more than exciting
though cuz I don't know where to get
them bleep it's like it's so far
don't know even if we do like a crystal
of Chinese exchanges that's part of the
plan so I was thinking it would be cool
of like a Chinese with speech you know
like this mr. wardell most people call
those my elephant oh yeah honey that's
kind of Chinese exchange well you looked
out gift you just said Chinese when I
look at it changes a little Chinese Hank
of exchanger the angel tree angels and I
can't gather them all like I could get
30 of them if we think that we're gonna
have like 30 people here at our party
and bring them and you know like
distribute ain't like a seven-year-old
girl or a five-year-old our tenure
and you know like the next time you need
which would be the Greek for Christmas I
have a great idea of a fun Christmas
caroling around their neighborhood
Mike's kind of embarrassed for us to do
that but Jim's down for it man you said
I was way oh you're not are the one you
want do I just think it's a chair way
it's a great idea Santa hat yeah that's
good actually says something wrong
something listen we got to do it right
with the hayride
to do and we do with that hey run hot
chocolate in the hot chocolate fountain
okay about Ben then we can do it and I
think that all the kids could be
involved because they kind of get shoved
in our bed and this house and I don't
like much much we like my church but the
church I went to before your other
Church other your back where the waters
are bad your father's a lot of people
are group don't like to walk what's
right now I just felt like don't walk
like bow yes like go
each family got a gingerbread house like
from Walmart or something and we could
get extra stuff and we have a
gingerbread house competition hello I
would get Company C which I am Li as to
both family gingerbread house yelling
going down I think about that yeah well
competition and we're the young I do
think that okay so this okay that our
family or a couple of whoever is coming
yeah well not yeah like I think it
sounds so fun and we don't so instead of
like doing cookies to take out we could
like just like like make a little movie
sets to give to the family yes or is it
just like getting a bunch of candy canes
you mean like passing out
house yeah over Tompkins yeah that is
absolutely Lucy yeah it's like so what
are we doing guys
I think the cookies might be a little
bit more engaging for the kids then they
don't all right house I think so because
the gingerbread houses are gonna take a
little bit more structure you need more
space again with the little cookies like
each like that thank you mommy try it
yeah can I try it
hey sandy I let their phone here they
went home so we got there sorry we look
we got the camera they left the camera
here and there you left and we got to
get it back to him with that since the
closed out tonight so are you for me
saying we say we love you guys remember
to love each other hi Merry Christmas
and I'll be back tomorrow
fish out
for MST
