by the same guy love my dad a heart
lifts
we've got to give
this together you ready where where we
going hey guys good morning I'm out
Sandy's house picking up her and boys
and then we are going to go get symphony
you should stay the night at Nana's last
night and Sharon took her and her little
BFF Leah from church to get their nails
done for a Christmas gift so we're gonna
go get them hey Cuffy he's like dress
for summertime is hot today outside and
we're going to take a JB's probably
knowing me I'm really late I'm 15
minutes late to get her she likes for
the kid - okay are you gonna ride in a
big part you are hey buddy is it almost
your birthday yes hold are you gonna be
that is crazy cuff you're over halfway
to a decade that is absolutely nuts we
used to do this thing where you take it
your hair you see what you like was
brain yeah you know like you get your
ponytail
chucky cheese was amazing when the
battery died so sorry finishing guys
more footage we've got a lot of tickets
this time we were there for a while and
we had to climb
we were just able to get quite a few
points when it gets to play maybe for
the first time ever we're able to get
prizes off the wall
our big slinky inside my head I think we
didn't want to seem kind of finger that
brings me to the question I want to ask
you do you feel like our channel has
like themes my themes that have been
going on since the beginning kind of
like the dogs they're like a dog get
into our Channel
what you say
drama it's just like it's never a dog
the dog drama with our dogs I think one
of the themes is dogs another one of
those things happened to be me cutting
my finger oh yeah it was an accident and
I know you guys are gonna say stay away
from the wood shop just can't do that
though so just spare me the word saying
about you was like Sam you're either
gonna be really like a master at
carpentry or you quit cutting your
fingers I'm sure telling him in the car
you guys that he was gonna be like
fingerless is such a bad cut too because
it won't stop bleeding
an hour I had a couple exceptions today
and there's aspirin excedrin and aspirin
is an antiplatelet and it prevents you
from clotting we're like getting ready
to make any his nest video and like I'm
getting so bored to send like adjusting
the camera like a billion times I'm just
like sitting here making faces like this
you guys funniest thing right now are
your rapping workers this present and
yesterday we noticed that the things we
ordered for Amazon are like so tiny
compared to what you think you're seeing
it just got that thing forever
symphonies a little shopkins case I
cannot sell I'm saying thought these
were Hot Wheels Hot Wheels no okay yeah
and another disappointment guys this
Christmas we got a Christmas cards in
the model they were cropped wrong and I
guess they were edited and it turned out
like this
look at that so instead of doing a
Christmas card this year we did a
Christmas search and find you gotta find
all these items inside the picture too
bad the picture that turned out very
good
can you guys finding those items there's
Santa Claus right there let's see here
that's a little bit bounces my regular
play-doh later we'll do that I think
this is you know it's kind of phony but
better than the phones nothing not as
messy I like this stuff it doesn't stick
to your fingers all right guys we're
getting ready to go to bed I just have
the comment of the day up and I just
lost it there it is it comes from penny
1924 61 I feel like I've said that name
before
she said Abram is safe cough strong cute
oh yeah and quotation marks remember I
was doing
terney went oh yeah yeah yeah we watched
it so many times on the way home that's
by far our favorite part of the vlog
yesterday but Penny Lane things were
pointing that out
okay guys two comments of the day I
gotta say Lorenz's comment it's the same
just remember to only cut the wood and
not the fingers
sorry Lorenzo stop leading no oops oh
good night guys I'm not going to sleep
for a while and then the same as like
it's funny cuz he didn't know I was
gonna do her laundry and he's like well
we're getting ready for bed and I'm in
there like holding all his laundry my
arms I love you well she doesn't mom
don't forget guys good job
