I hear something did you guys hear that
I think we're hears it too is that it's
so
Milotic that's even a word
by the same guy by the same heart we've
got to live
got to give love
well
in this together good morning guys did
you like that intro I thought it's
pretty cool it's not as good as I want
it to be I want better transitions but
next time we're gonna have to redo it
pretty soon because they were guys
haircut man weather's amazing out here
guys this morning when I got up it was
literally raining leaves it is awesome
out here I just love the leaves a lot of
people rake up their leaves and get rid
of them I think
leaves make up about 13 percent if it's
not 13 is 3 percent from precious 13% of
all wastes is that crazy and people
don't even need to be raking it's good
for the ground it's good for the soil
and everything you know in the
environment stuff like that I'm out here
working on my boat ascended this down
the seat and I'm working on getting out
this old wood I did it over here as you
can see and over here with my router but
I'm trying to think of a way to get my
router in there but it's hard to do
because these don't measure up I'm just
I'm confused well this is what I got
figured out here a couple paint mixers a
couple of scrap pieces of wood they line
up as I go down the router nice and
straight see that
you
now I'll do it is as you can see I could
just just kind of chill away at this but
that's all I needed to get around here
like this now it's time to put the
Knitting in the seat I'm sure you guys
are all thinking the same thing why I
say I'm back in that workshop after
cutting his finger off hmm
this is the one where the nail was
hanging off my ring finger as you can
see it's perfectly fine my pinky just
scarred up the end of the finger still
has some numbness to it and has a little
indention on the tip of it but other
than that everything came back just fine
like I said I'm going to use the netting
off of this chair that's been destroyed
by a knee I'm just going to cut a piece
off of here and see what happens it's
tough it's good perfect clean it but
it's in good shape at least not a great
color because it's been sent us up so
long and my idea is to trim it off just
enough so it fits in this little slot
all the way around tricky tricky tricky
no it further there we go I've never
done upholestry before I think I'm doing
pretty good job for our first time there
we go I got a bunch of staples in there
hammer them down flat this thing is nice
and tight I didn't go in anywhere
looking good
I'll just got to do that around the
whole thing sure there it is guys I'll
staple down the crinkles went away it's
good and tight this is awesome just got
to clean that up go around the edges
I'm all dumping today I'm not going to
do any more because I'm going to let
that dry but that turned out really good
look at that that is something to be
proud of I almost went and just replaced
them bought two new ones then I was like
you know what but put some work into
this canoe I think I'll take more pride
in it and I'll probably end up taking it
out more than I probably would if I had
just kept replacing the pieces on it
just with money but you know using my
hands and and getting that feeling like
not put some work into this and I'm
proud of it it makes such a big
difference and then when I'm done
filling the wood I got a fix up that and
the ends of these are just kind of worn
and put some that glue on right now
actually and I'm going to have myself a
brand new canoe seat made of hardwood I
think that's Hickory or something it's a
lot better than I could probably buy
they're probably expensive you want to
get the wood ones but anyway let's go
see what the kids are up to we just saw
mommy drive by she's been gone all day
long you got to see her this morning
though we're waiting for her to come
back home she just took my mom to the
mechanic she went to go have it looked
at and I said the air conditioner is
gone the compressor is gone on something
else
they said they estimated it to be like a
$1600 dog what a bummer she didn't get
the deal on the car though the guy went
down I think at least $2,000 so I guess
it evens out you see how the packages
Christmas presents
okay hey he knows the car she's happy
dams go get her go get her
it's not cold out here guys that's why
he's dressed like this I pulled it all
he's so funny cute ever seen your face
all day long what so I got a peak of it
oh yeah behind a wreath and then it took
off in a busy little bee just do your
hair buddy ooh exciting this is Jail
okay we're putting your hair it's like
glue to the hair yeah yeah this off yeah
oh yeah wait a sec you see whoa I stand
it up can I finish it loose
yeah be really still okay hi Cammy Mike
Merry Christmas she's right there she's
right there wait wait Deas on fire you a
brunette match today ever never wants to
where's Christmas hat but I wore my tie
so you want to match daddy he's like
yeah my Christmas hat so now I want to
work it's really cute I love how he
wants to be like me put that where yours
Christmas effin Evans got our little
elves where Allison and Brian's house
Allison is the owner of wonderfully made
you guys saw a few to go I had lunch
with her we're here Sam's doing an
interview we're gonna
I see - for a while overdue who's the
photographer kind of kind of hungry let
me see what is the Ninja Turtle say hey
oh come on again we're in the playroom
Oh Sam does here um Thank You governor
I'm Samuel baby Sam oh yeah baby Sam
busy yourself so here's my mom GC group
and heats to senior he thought you said
you're excited about I was coming to
come yeah so yeah so this is where they
have it that's Brian
the owner of this castle and there's
Alison you guys want to see how
beautiful our tree looked from the
outside check it out look how beautiful
it is
wow what are you getting ready to do hey
don't hit the tree yeah yeah be nice to
the tree okay buddy
oh yeah I was turning outside you gotta
go party come here girl you go potty
hey where she think she's going you're
gonna go night-night good girl bun bun
again ha ha ha ha yesterday out of go
girl I was like it's under today look
you guys you got show our bumps wait I'm
gonna show the view or something I'm see
look at how Abraham's tummy portrayed
all seniors so cute our bellies kind of
mad at your belly button on mommy's
belly button touch belly buttons yeah
cause it was so cute at GCSE all his
tummy Conan's coming out he was full he
thinks pregnant I said my stomach's for
your naughty looks right now I'm just
saying my belly looking
like standed enough so like you yeah I
know
do one more time he really wants us
Billy but right now daddy I love your
belly button buddy oh my gosh kubera guy
here okay so no that's fucking dancing
we're gonna start a new trend sumo
wrestle her yeah hey no no guys yes and
then that chiku nagi-chan Tanana oh yo
get me sad about it yeah so we need to
have like a fun little assembly line
thing like you need to give door you
pick out which paper ideas which good
this is that way we're both involved you
have to hand me biggest how would you
put your head on you said you would take
hair down as you guys can see we're
watching Christmas vacation
I'm mostly excited about that you're
more excited that we're having your kids
kids no I'll show you guys a couple
presents that we got just a couple I
really want to show you this one I
picked it out you picked it out it's
gonna be the most perfect present ever
you guys ready baymax but they mechs is
his favorite movie right now and has
been for the past six months little bit
but he's gonna love this thing I cannot
wait guys we had a major just I don't
know parenting wrapping Christmas fail
like it wasn't art folding there no I
tried to get invisible tape where the
wrapping looks beautiful and sleek and
clean look at this does that look
invisible does it and not only that but
I got funny who knew rolls of it we just
opened up one of the boxes we got from
our p.o box from Shirley right and she
sent us this awesome clean set it's a
sheet set this is not a blanket like a
plush that you would throw over it
because it looks like it'd be a throw
blanket like a big social shock didn't
she she also this is amazing
Thank You Shirley this is so exciting
especially I don't know for some reason
inner shopkins these are her stocking
stuffers Sam wants to hang this on a
tree oh I want to hang it from her
stocking I got the best toy in the world
guys tub flutes I thought it'd be cool
stocking stuffer love kids
cuz then I was like new toys on the top
we have so many toys without we can't
even lame ones oh do we have any that
make music we want some encourage our
kids to make music with things other
than their butts
I knew Betty from sherry oh man this is
just too soft wow it's amazing
we probably should have bought into that
Christmastime I think we were supposed
to open it cuz I didn't open it by the
way I was like serious I couldn't wait I
put it right on I was like I could go
try this thing yeah I took off all my
clothes and laid on it
alright guys comet of the day time sorry
we missed yesterday I actually did it
but I didn't put it in I don't know why
I cut the vlog and I forgot to add it
candy Smith your comment cracked me up
okay Sam I need to go change my drawers
now when you said maybe an old lady only
had a pizza cutter I lost it and I'm
still cracking up by the way I am an old
lady and you never know what we carry in
those bags
lol that was funny candy that's pretty
funny I hope you to spoil your shorts
too bad your drawers on in we'll see you
guys tomorrow don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other honey
you're supposed to wait for a viewer to
do it
Oh what are you pointing it at me I keep
forgetting she doesn't do anything it's
okay she can she just don't remember but
yeah anyway don't forget guys we love
you and remember to love each other
