good morning guys how's it going I woke
up today feeling kinda not sick like
morning sickness but just not feeling
well and so we haven't blogged today
it's kind of just being been me and
Abram hanging out at the house this
morning and it's time for me to really
get up and get started getting ready and
I wanted to share with you guys what my
morning routine has been lately
since I wake up feeling kind of crummy
some days I get up nice and slow I
always sleep with a big glass of water
next to me in bed and I always start out
by drinking some water before I really
even like sit up like this then I'll pop
in a preggy
supposed to help with nausea they really
do help with nausea and I'll get up and
get started with my day I might have a
cup of coffee or a little small bite to
eat and then I'll take a shower
one thing lately that I have been
experiencing every time I pray I've been
pregnant I've had this but I get acne
and like dry splotchy skin around my
chin and also like my eyebrow area one
thing I've tried differently this time
is using this spin brush it's made by a
company called vanity planet and I just
love it it's an easy on and off switch
you can use it in the shower or the bath
sometimes I do both of those and right
now the brush that I have on here is an
exfoliating brush there are four
different brushes there's this one the
exfoliator which you use after you
cleanse your skin and you don't want to
leave it on one area for too long you
just move around this is the cleansing
brush so the one that you'd use prior to
the exfoliator you put your facial
cleanser on and you do the same thing
there's also a pumice stone which I love
I love getting pedicures I love having
my feet soft and that's what this is for
and also this giant body brush the one
that I've been using the most often
though and on a daily basis every
morning is the exfoliator and for our
fan basic you guys can have one for 70%
off the retail value these things sell
for $100 and they're comparable to the
Clarisonic brand which are also $100 but
these if you guys click in the link in
the description box you'll get 70% off
how awesome is that especially so close
to Christmas time you could get a gift
for your best girl for
in your roommate your mom your grandma
your aunt whoever your dad Sam uses it
but yeah this has definitely become part
of my routine in the mornings even when
I'm not feeling good like today just get
up and bright and freshen up my face
another thing when I wake up like this
on a day like today and I'm just feeling
yucky I really don't have an appetite so
I don't show you guys the thing that
I've been eating I have gone through
like four jars of these pickles just
this week I'm not exaggerating four jars
best made garlic baby deals they are so
good I take a bubble bath every night
and I'll have like a little container of
them with me I eat them all throughout
the day if I'm driving the car take a
few with me it's kind of out of control
the way that I eat those but and yeah
like I said go check out the spin brush
by vanity planet I know you guys would
love it just as much as I did especially
you ladies out there who like to have
smooth clear skin look guys what we have
it's the rock and play that Abram used
and then we let Kade use it and sandy
brought it back over today no that one
wasn't yours
it was my I was a little baby no use
being silly Nana's here for the night
we're gonna oh hey guys what's up I
didn't see you there yeah I got a new
mic today from my SLR I'm going to be
making a video for a church I'm doing
interviews of the GC leaders you know
let yesterday you guys saw Mike on be
interviewing him and several the other
leaders of the different GC groups in
her church and several the pastors and
making a compilation video to be played
next month in our church so I'm really
excited about doing that man I don't get
to say good day to you guys yet this day
has gone by so fast it's like I woke up
and Sun went down just been driving
around getting stuff done with her car
but how you guys doing I'm just tying my
camera here try and get this girdle
stained or bed all like you're sleeping
in here because today while I was
sitting here I saw her chewing up one of
these wreaths don't
how her I haven't told her that she was
gnawing on up here a little bit but I
stopped her in time and then when I
turned around start an eye on this one
so hopefully nobody will notice it's a
reflection of how hard my wife works
look at this room what are we doing for
dinner guys I'm gonna eat you you want
to eat you for dinner
I bet it's pretty yummy come on sis baby
should we put him in the microwave or
the oven you don't have to sweetie we
well what is she trying to believe yeah
we're not gonna really eat yeah this is
how say I'm in a room get ready for bed
little story maybe I'm hold your
toothbrush we're coming your toothbrush
getting funky laid out oh my goodness
where's the corner at wagged it right
there guys he's been finding corners on
everything what I'm not you try to put
his finger in there this one you can't
really put yeah yeah a finger does it
jump in your bed come on jump in
you got this yeah say I got this what oh
what's Tiffany was little she used to
say I can do this right I can do this I
can do this daddy and I and Abram has
learned that yes she still says it and
now Abram says I got this that's his
thing what we're confident phrases oh
boy you got this buddy
hey one two three you got this come on
you got it you got it but you can do it
yes you got it come on oh yeah hold your
Ben do it yeah I'm gonna help you yeah
oh you got it okay he's about himself
yeah that's his first time he jumped
from there to here oh he needs a little
bit of daddy confidence yeah
hey guys Merry Christmas I'm just so
curious about the leash because a lot of
people are suggesting that this was cut
rather than Oreo biting through it as
you can see it's somewhat frayed I'm
going to cut it with several different
things and I'm gonna let you guys
determine what instrument was that cut
this don't think that we can't read em
straight is the dog's teeth I'll have to
use my own first up it's just a regular
knife maybe that somebody just had a
kitchen knife and they use that so let's
see what that cut looks like okay
yeah way to clean this is the kind of
just made this is the cut that the dog
came homeless next up maybe it was an
old lady she didn't have kitchen knife
handy she saw the dog outside and all
she had was a pizza cutter I can't do it
I can't do it a lot of you guys are
saying is probably just scissors let's
see whoa that is way too clean look at
cleaning that cut is compared to the cut
where'd you go does the scissor cut way
too clean for scissors scissors are out
the kitchen knife the steak knife is out
maybe just that maybe there's a gardener
use our working on somebody's yard and
the dog was maybe tied up in some bushes
and he couldn't reach look at the clamp
on her neck so he just used some headers
so let's see if the headers will give us
that kind of cut
need some help all right this is our
closest one so far the hedge trimmers
this is the hedge trimmers this is oreos
our next instrument is going to be a
bear girls knife maybe it was a camper
like me and he had his knife on him
and instead of using this part of the
knife he is the serrated part he says so
let's see here guys or hunter yeah
that's good on my most it may be as a
hunter see to clean again to clean that
looks like the scissors our last option
guys is to try my teeth this might take
a minute but I'm going to try it see
what happens
I've done nothing to it
I can't do with my teeth and there's
also my guess that maybe it was rubbed
up against like aluminum or piece of
metal or scrap metal does on the ground
or something I don't know
it would probably about that sharp not
any sharper than back this knife two and
a half days of doing this against a
piece of metal that isn't shirt but will
cut with enough friction
gave me the creeps a little bit I don't
like the sound of it oh gosh like no
Laura chalkboard I can't do it anymore
you know there's a possibility once I
got through there it would look
something like that so either this
happened or the dog bit through his
she's shopping in a game I just caught
her shopping in a game
yes she's getting embarrassed how's it
what are you doing you know shopping or
playing a game she's like maybe it's
both
no okay so I've been playing Yahtzee on
my phone a lot
I bought an extra score card oh I didn't
mind it should score card but baby can't
sit say was Houston off at this end have
you seen someone Sherry's berries you
feel you just set yourself some sharings
berries oh my she ordered Sherry's
berries for herself that gets extra
points forget your mother what do you
get you get the connection guys 50-50
sure that rolls yeah oh my god
anyway guys thanks for joining us today
as a nice short sweet quiet day for us
just hanging out in the house together
but I feel like we need to remind you
today don't forget we love you remember
to love each other you should let me do
it my mom want to do it don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
perfect mom Wow good intonation
you
