good morning guys Merry Christmas Evan
and I are just enjoying the choo-choo
train
a beautiful wife is sipping on coffee
over there there game do good our only
complaint with this train is that you
can't turn it down it's really loud and
it doesn't play any music it's just like
all aboard
it just makes all this racket you want
to wear DOS you're gonna go outside with
Daddy right yeah go look for you again
okay boyo still hasn't made it back home
guys I don't think it's going to happen
I called the animal shelter
they said I haven't heard anything
knocked on a couple doors nothing I
tested the doorbell today to see if it
would sense me if I walked up from over
here
and it didn't pick me up it picked it up
after I walked back over this way to the
car Oh yo what what are you doing girl
come here come here girl come here oh my
gosh
Oh No hey where'd you go girl would you
go oh we got Wario bag you okay girl
come on sweetie
let's go inside come on come on come on
we found her she just came running up I
was talking about her she's freezing
it's not even cold out come on girl
don't go inside and I forgot Carl's oh
she's really upset she just struggled to
stand up I get Oreo oh she's so happy to
be home this isn't even like Chris she's
so happy she's like halfway running to
us she never does that
here's the leash guys just not torn
how did she tear that leash I guess I
owe you guys an apology for thinking
somebody would steal her from us I'm so
happy she made it home no she must have
got caught somewhere finally got um free
look at that she broke the leash
hey you know she did it though what's a
pretty clean
I don't know some reason I still think
she got stolen I don't think so cutie
pretty clean hair looks like I cut her
loose
why would they just cut it won't adjust
and strap it from her neck I think she
went somewhere I got lost and got caught
smearing my gosh I'm so bad yeah see
okay so hey girl
Oh Oreo we're so glad to have you back
here girl
here so curious where she's been oh she
been doing I guess so
it's just food on her nose oh no she
likes this one something wrong with her
nose you okay are you yeah
spaz knee yes rectify good morning okay
yeah yeah buddy
your ear is morning yeah yo not such a
weird coincidence
I heard him too how'd you hear her are
you hurt yeah really
I can't even like believe my eyes for a
second I was just like what look I was
just talking about you oh my gosh that's
not like her either I just can't believe
the leash I mean the least there's also
a knot in it right here so you could
tell she was like going crazy wherever
she was that she doesn't or not but she
got free let's just this is incredible
how did you girl you're stronger than
you look
I feel like I got to thank you guys I
know a lot of you were actually praying
for Oreo and for her family to find her
I haven't got a couple emails of like
prayers for Oreo and I just don't think
or you would have got out of there
without those prayers that's just it's
miraculous that she was able to get free
from that leash I'm just totally just
stunned by this just so crazy I'm just
so thankful she's back home now Abram
over here is gonna ride his little
scared little skater
come on little scooter scoots he's not
good at this thing he picked it up
naturally yeah see you doing it nobody
taught him how to do this me he's gonna
be a natural border just like his daddy
you don't go in the house
he's got cute shadow all right go go put
some pants on man it's crazy guys the
weather here have been so amazing like
perfect weather it feels like spring we
were actually playing on going camping
this weekend but for the first time in a
while there was a good chance of rain so
we decided postpone it we're gonna go
again with the group from the church
it's a real bummer because I was going
to try out my new canoe or my old two
new pan Torrio's gonna hang out with us
in the backyard she likes it back here
she really enjoys it I should just put
her back here to begin with
oh whoa this just broke
guess I have to replace that now I could
probably make one of those I'm not sure
what's the benefit of the shape either
these are probably about to fall into
both sides the wood looks in good
condition but this I could take one of
these chairs how about that that we
don't even use and cut some squares out
of it and then just staple it to it you
want to get in the canoe why it's not
scale we if I end up not using this
order ends up being a leak that I don't
want to fix I could turn this into a
sandbox would that be a good idea one
thing that knee and I are trying to
decide if we want to get the kids for
Christmas is a swing set you guys have
any opinions on that should we stick
with the wood set should we do the cheap
metal set I'm not sure there's just so
many options
oh wow hold my weight I'm not I got to
get some life vests I've been looking on
Craigslist for them because they're so
expensive
brand-new I didn't know that gonna sit
yeah I think I want to save the boat
project for playing man video because
right now I got to go get our cars ready
we had our shops fixed on it once you
got happening in here babe whoa that's a
lot a lot of sauce so you have to make
the main dish so you don't you know I'm
sure they'll be other stuff I don't know
I suggested we had Mexican tonight okay
and then should be more like we're in
salad or bring in fruit trays anything
you're watching Pearl Harbor to
celebrate Pearl Harbor yesterday
celebrate to remember it is a river Josh
birthday
oh my gosh hey you click long lost after
1 ladies just let samba and yesterday
she watched um was it no a couple days
ago I watched horses because of jtt it's
not because she's like she's on this
role of like looking back on all the
guys she stuffed Preston is not sure
kind of wonder what was really going
through that's not true
he's making he just what
because I had a crush on JCT and Josh
Hartnett what happy yeah that's exactly
why no Pearl Harbor is still really good
Dennis and they both just so happen to
have a guy that you had a crush on in
them I guess it's just coincidence you
can pick out any movie personalities and
I had a crush on a guy in one of them oh
wow I'm learning a lot right now by my
wife I had a crush on a lot of guys tell
me more
that's my guys Jeff from Ryan's house
this is wearing our juicy meeting to it
there's Lucy over there my kids thing is
will behave as ever
hey buddy Ernie two-inch waters
fantastic I don't know if you've
officially met Mike this is Mike I was
talking about Perez yeah and just um
we're really together a bit yeah
actually ended up wrapping up in a home
don't like it you should put the picture
on there I sure do
over
we're talking he's the host of our GC
group he gets it together kind of
control what we talk about guys
everywhere everything right every week
it's a Godwin want us to go got
something yeah some sometimes sometimes
I get other times like the day the
morning before hey guys we just got home
from GC it was amazing really truly it
was so good tonight and Sam and I have
decided to tag-team tackle the mess that
is our house right now we had a busy day
I want to have the kids tinder play all
over the place and just leave things out
as we work my scarf all day has just
looked so awkward
not having a banana tonight it's time
for bed thank you say good night
everybody
what oh you bitch I know everybody
mmm but anyways we need to do comment of
the day do you have mine right out back
there alright you go grab it just reach
on the computer pull it out hey guys
it's me again sorry I'm back I just got
to do the comment of the day coming
today comes from mrs. love cat 15 I hope
you find Oreo
well mrs. love cat 15 or you found us
and we're just extremely blessed and
thankful that she's back home I've been
thing about it off and on all day today
that she got loose from that leash it's
just I just don't get it how did she do
that I'm just stunned and I know we're
going to have some skeptics out there
I'm already expecting it because me
blogging and then having or you'll be
had me as I'm vlogging I was blown away
by that I've been telling the story all
night long but this is just so funny
guys it she's gonna be okay you and be
okay huh
April's calling my name I got to go say
goodnight to him and prayer with him but
we'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
as always we love you and remember to
love each other
