no hydrolyzing cases to Christmas
present everyone got a package this
morning I just yeah what is it it's what
we thought it's good till she wants to
pray close your eyes okay great pretty
Jess and then gosh good mommy daddy got
you look Oh mommy daddy got you hmm it's
your very own first ever in your whole
life
Avram que hay from sighs roba oh you got
your own rollover bring it wait oh yeah
oh yeah
yeah you're gonna wear your Oh
you got slippers here you almost got a
size smaller this is a fort party no
look
Abram don't forget about your slippers
she's like what mom always teaching me
something important I know now you're
all ready for some coffee yeah you want
a copy t need a godly little man
you want the boot said oh are you it's
not Oreo she even has a little clinic uh
her hey you see an Oreo she's a little
guitar man
call her dang I thought that was a saint
oh yeah good morning guys how's
everybody doing today we are eating
breakfast at IHOP with mr. Abram he
wouldn't wear his robe we really wanted
to take him out in his robe
it's not the same without Symphony
though what do you guys think of my hat
he thinks it's a little girly so do I
even though it said mail on it when I
ordered it the white seems a little bit
feminine but it will these are cute
bulbs you should get one of these for
our tree gene mommy cause forget how
hard it is to have him at i/o it's like
I don't different in other places there
it is there's a reason no idea why it
just goes crazy here and oversee hey bro
symphony has always acted up an IHOP
since she was like two three please -
nervously I guess like I feel like
they're in a kid place but they're
actually I don't know what it is little
here's a little boy behind us and he
left apron long ago now everyone just
keeps showing off Sony and I were
talking it really seems like that Abrams
attitude has changed since his haircut
suddenly acting like a little boy
critical assess like oh he's always been
kind of well I don't know I think I feel
exactly more comfortable yeah me too
that's another thing that - like it gave
him a confidence because he doesn't have
on that nap therapy here onboard a room
thank you that was such a good idea they
wrap their pictures and wrapping paper
for now
uh nobody he went straight for the
pancake I went a little holdup jihad a
premiere forgot to penny me big book or
pages now it's time to deliver some
packages Cordy you know grab it yeah
Christmas wreath delivery for Nia
she's been bombarded with grease orders
stocking stuffer number two has arrived
somebody's obsessed with shopkins lately
it's a fun thing at Christmastime I
never had these as a kid Symphony's is
this green one right over here we shut
it right yay nothing the stockings has
always been my thing I love stuffing
stockings it's more fun to me than
wrapping it obviously it's a little
easier but hey let me text to you let me
go me and I teamed up for dinner today
I'm like doesn't look that appetizing do
yours this is not my name looks great is
very colorful naeun likes her corn but
after dinner in South five minutes I'm
gonna go meet up with the guy from
church Mike Mike is a father for a
husband of a wife and child of God
and he's an awesome guy that I really
look up to in the church his kids are a
little bit older or other than ours just
two teenagers and Lucy is his daughter
you guys have been introduced Lucy and
Mike little Mike he played guitar on the
vlog ones on do I don't have many people
in my life that I look up to as far as
being a father goes like I can't I don't
even have my own father with up to so I
can learn from them and maybe just pick
his brain on like discipline and
different things like buzz lines and
raising my kids and loving my wife and
what it looks like to be a really good
spiritual leader in the home to help my
kids grow up to be godly people but
anyway yeah so that's gonna be really
nice he just bit her lip eating her
steak I guess I cooked it too much and
she was really having to chomp down on
it I'm already good my lip in the same
exact spot this is the four
mommy okay ever you think so she's
bleeding she bit her lip in the face
yang Yong you gotta kiss it
yeah he said just fix it
they're just gonna be a problem just
fancy yummy it fix it I'm not a nurse
anymore buddy I can't fix it
all right what's your high-low my mommy
and my little one
I had point so far was shopping for the
chance for Christmas my low point was
waking up just so Rocky my high point
was I had a very productive day I
shipped out a bunch of wreaths and I
also made a video for news nests and my
low point was that I have just bit my
mice or two times in a row it hurts it's
like some way they don't fit today
Oh Abram what was your high low point
today my what your happy place
good morning to Hobby Lobby bye guys I
love you I'm going to miss you fill me
through the train on can we turn the
train on okay I want to be late a
working leg I'm going to be late or be
late just got out of the bathtub
everyone you're his robe on you went off
now what are you Anna on or off um well
you're taking it off hi guys
your offshoots they're gonna christen
hey what a perfect way to end damn times
guys the cutest thing the kids both have
their robes on and they're running back
and forth through the house as fast as
possible Abram started it now symphonies
joining in Betty oh he lost his house
too
I'm back home for my meeting it was
awesome we had some really good
conversation but I'm tell you the
comment of the day comes from club
Morgan remember that doorbell you set up
and you can see everyone and everything
that happens look at that see if you can
see who was there that that could have
taken I could have taken Oreo she got
the call of the day because Nia didn't
mention me looking on there and I had
thought I deactivated the motion
detection that was on our door bill
because it goes off every time a car
drives by on the road in front of our
house so I turn it off when I'm home
but then I read your comment and I
started thinking about it I was like
maybe I just turned up the notifications
for it and it still on that's exactly
what I did it still records every time
it senses motion in the yard and so
here's me taking Oreo outside I took her
on the front to go potty early in the
morning this was uh I kept calling her
Andy to play with the kids cuz I said I
kept saying it wrong okay so there's
Oreo you see I was just strapped her to
the house and that's all it recorded
all right here's me and the kids leaving
the house I had just took our pilot to
the mechanic and she's about to leave to
go pick me up so there's Oreo right
there it's right down the road we just
got home went to dry cleaners and their
Oreo still sits this is at 10 o'clock I
just fed her for some reason didn't
record that part it doesn't pick up
everything for some reason if it records
and then you step right out right after
the motion it won't record but I had
just fed her the kids outside playing
the labor in her symphony
soryo still sitting there car drove by
and activated a motion detection or I
was still laying there she didn't touch
her food two hours later she's still in
the same spot I just let her hanging out
there all morning because it's a really
pretty day so as you can see at 1:14
this is the last shot of Oreo right here
sitting right there and then next time
it recorded was at 227 and she's gone I
didn't get anything car drives off as
you can see doesn't pick up the it
doesn't pick it up right away the car
will drive all the way across and then
he'll start recording so the doorbell
doesn't pick up anything and everything
it picks up motion after it occurs so
there's a possibility Oreo did just run
away somebody mentioned that oh maybe
she got scared something startled her
and she took off that's a possibility I
just don't understand how she just would
pull that off the wall so that's it the
doorbell didn't pick up any activity I'm
wondering if it picks up activity in
that corner of the screen if it will
even pick it up tomorrow I want to go
out there and walk up that side of the
yard and see if it picks me up walking
over there but anyway we'll see you guys
tomorrow thanks for hanging in there
with us don't forget what's that rate of
family and the rest of fan basic much
love from Alabama remember we love you
and remember to love each other
we shall jump
