hey guys how's it going hope everybody's
having a holly jolly Christmas and
everybody's in the Christmas spirit as
much as we are here at Raider house what
I'm about to share with you sucks really
bad k plain and simple I am more tired
of delivering bad news than you guys are
hearing it trust me
Oreos gone guys like the other day I had
her sitting right here last I saw the
kids I was putting the kids down for a
nap
she was lying right here I didn't put
food out here that she wouldn't touch
because she didn't want to get up and
get to it in a few hours later when I
came out here she was gone and not only
was she gone but the thing that I had
her strapped to this I had her strapped
to this which is hooked to the wall I
didn't move anything because I wanted to
show you guys was pulled down from all
the way over here this was pulled out
from the wall this piece completely
pulled out from the mortar this one was
still in place but she broke it off the
wall
she broke this anchor so she pulled it
off and dragged it all the way over here
and took off with the leash still in
place I thought for sure she'd show up
last night but she never showed up and
then when I got home from church I was
certain that she'd be there because it
happened once before but I didn't have
her tied up she'd skipped the backyard
but she always ended up showing back to
the house and that's what I'm kind of
skeptical guys I know for sure that she
does not like to resist the leash or the
collar around her neck at all I mean
even if I tug on it freaks her out and
she'll duck and I have to pick her up
and physically take her outside or
physically pick her up outside and take
her back inside for her to pull it off
the wall it would require her to extend
the whole leash which is like 50 feet or
something like that I don't know how
long is this it's the long one she would
have to have gotten up and pulled it and
once you got the right resistance just
yanked it off the wall and after came
off the wall drag it where we uh drag it
from here to here and it just doesn't
make sense there was even a cat
wandering around the yard and a squirrel
and she did not move an inch when both
of those animals came in the yard
she was terrified of that leash and I
don't know I think somebody might have
taken her I don't know if it's someone
who was upset with us giving away Annie
came over here and just snap
strip from our yard and honestly I just
I don't doubt that at all
it doesn't make sense to me that she
pulled that off the wall and took off I
feel like somebody took her and it's
such a shame I'm going to post some
fliers here in a little bit on the
street I asked a couple neighbors if
they seen her
they haven't I walk past a lady who
always walks her dog and knows Oreo she
hasn't seen Oreo so kids and I are gonna
go walking and maybe call out try to
call her you guys ready to go you have a
good idea Laurie oh yeah what's your
idea what we can do is he can me and
Danny back just testing it for Oreo and
and she can maybe hit find her by
sniffing her up get Annie back to sniff
her out yeah just to do that huh that
might be a good idea it might be go dude
but we can't get her today cuz they're
closed you know it's just a man blowing
leaves looking around back here people's
backyards in nobody's local took her
we've been getting so much hate on our
channel lately I just don't doubt for a
second that somebody just came up and
waited for us to go inside and snatch
her mommy made it home I mean I'm trying
to hold him over what hey those are the
girly we needed
my turn daddy
I am it okay where are you gonna put the
first one out good
yeah pretty yes we're watching home
alone again there's that Reagan okay but
wait the reindeers ears aren't lining up
l even know it's so cute
so our theme here guys is gold and red
and it just so happens to be that we
have this golden regard that about
antiques a couple years ago but I want
to put this cute little owl that is
neither gold nor red on the tree does it
matter
cross it doesn't matter it's woodland a
woodland should they look at this cute
little guy I'm gonna putting a cute
little guy right here birdhouse for me
is mash she wants to put it right next
to their really pretty girls around and
out happen well spread them out when
they go to bed okay time to put your
star on the tree all right here addition
guys crystal tradition we got the star
on the tree we have to either star this
year what just uh me nobody
yeah they're they're climbing turns get
over here what said you wanted to be a
star okay here's the cute one guys
crater family isn't the time this was
from the Fairbanks of humor of ours you
to fit where this year's Christmas
ornament goes on the tree
put a hook on it
little green hose pulled that out a
little paper thing lights up like it
changes colors how cool is that
all right so slow everything over there
where nobody can see it let's put it
where most people see it I can't be spot
all right well you show me what it can't
be spot is not a really good spot and
the trains supposed to go around the
tree but I think we're just gonna put on
the bottom let me help you buddy connect
it I've never had like a train on our
tree or train tracks in our house for
Christmas time I never even associated
trains with Christmas as a kid I just we
didn't do that yeah I know you did like
Sam's team we had like a village or
something and I I think there's a little
scream tracker
but anyways here's an ornament one last
one to put on the tree Oh guys I love it
all right well I got the little bass
fast and on the center of the tree but
the problem is this tree bifurcates
right here and of course I would get the
true that does that because I wanted to
put a train on it so we'll see how it
does and I didn't measure if that's
gonna be the right I'm diamond right
there you guys know me I don't measure
you guys none of that yesterday I'm sure
and yes I know I probably should do this
before I decorated the tree but I had
planned I'll take this back because it
thought it looked too complicated but
I'm going for it
that's who I'd go for need you to cheer
from spinning for me well looks good
over here it clears the tree but it
looks like it's going to hit it over
here I'm going to trim it so I'm deathly
not moving this thing again cuz I got
really lucky right here cut right around
that stump back here and get on the
chili oh man it's so awesome
push it push it
Oh
that is the coolest thing I've ever had
on my Christmas tree
I just had to turn the train around here
they are they will see it there comes I
gotta figure out a way to put my GoPro
on it so you get the trains perspective
going around the tree I'll cool that be
testing so cool I almost took it back
I'm so glad I didn't I have any trouble
getting up at all I thought I wonder
trouble because it says in this tree but
I picked the right spot I just like
guess what I'll just bet here and it's
working isn't that awesome so cool kids
are in bed we're having a little bit
romantic tree topping Hey mykola home
yes you're probably gonna have to put
that tree the trains right
and curl that's great
Humber's talking some guys ago Sam Nia
you can't see it but I can't reach it
can you see me okay good deal
first item we're looking for comment of
the day I was pretty sad to hear that
Oreo went missing while I was gone
that's the thing one thing you guys
noticed about us is that you thought a
lot of you thought we didn't seem
emotionally attached to Annie and I'll
admit that I was not emotionally
attached her cuz she jumped on me all
the time and I'm not a dog person at all
I'm just not a dog person I'm not the
kind of person who should own a dog but
he is so but I love Oreo I was so sad
when Sam texted me that she was gone I
feel so sad I mean it felt like our
first I know it's not real but I felt
like that was really our first family
pet that we like no no had it under
control you know yeah sad she just moved
into the house it's so dumb comment of
the day it was like several in a row I
didn't see any Intel I came to one from
Martha Yvette Yvette that so remind me
the Griswolds did you check for
squirrels Merry Christmas you have a
beautiful family I'm so funny reminds
you the Griswolds and the next one was
to good old-fashioned Griswold Christmas
next enough to the knee I think Sam in
the next Clark Griswold oh my god I love
that movie
but you guys look at the comment of the
day yeah anyways guys don't forget we
love you know know that something else
does it oh yeah she forgot don't forget
