what we're gonna do today what you
getting a haircut this is hard for us we
know it's crazy look at it it's so crazy
hey but it's so hard for us and Buddy
Oreo you ready is where you're coming
yeah she is
II hear she likes it puppy puppy ears
Wow Tiffany mini gingerbread house how
did you know I heard you talking about
it everyone huh we're on our way to
details along we're going to the net a
hair salon first
yep Evo's back there with the kid oh oh
oh
puppy I got the car like yesterday the
mechanic said this is like riding in a
Cell Bo yeah baby was coming one for
April's first haircut because if no one
knows people's the biggest advocate on
abrams hair being straight now she's
going to make sure that we get a haircut
cuz we've gone there twice what we got
we went one C is here Co we couldn't do
it chickened out and then two other
times in between that time in this time
we look like we're gonna do it tomorrow
we're just gonna do it we're gonna do it
just check it out
if you're cute that's a very selfless
act on our part
I think they're ready ready see Abram
was like a big boy what do you think
right for your haircut you're not
writing symphonies not too happy about
it
ready for your haircut
you
you
you
what do you think just make you sad
what missus curls so do I he looks like
a little boy now now we have a little
boy nobody's going to mistake that face
for a girl can't help it and kind of sat
inside doesn't look like the same two
things everything guys
man I'm so nervous the whole time
I know if I had too much coffee but the
whole thing just made me nervous I'm a
nervous wreck over here
little boys turning into a man and it's
just this bittersweet feeling right now
it's more bitter than sweet though what
do you think of Abraham's hair it's so
cute I love he looks so boyish in it no
he looks old huh yeah he does like a
little boy in that baby anymore no we're
at Matthews College wait he's doing some
kind of presentation tonight yes just
playing a little sit down to table
showing Oh calling these a room Wow you
like that a room whoa what the heck
where you yeah we'll see that one cool
well this plugs in there's a couple
presentations going on right now and
after that they're gonna have like a
little fare like I guess a project here
the third has the young math is getting
ready to show his documentary
tell us a little bit about the
documentary you're making about you and
Nia GoPro what is well it's really about
joining
my communities at YouTube like you guys
hit and consequences of watching out by
gone viral got but through you and me so
this is just a trailer of the duck
hillarie she has a beautiful display
here with candles and the theme is
forgiveness
so I taught an interactive teaching on
forgiveness the first step was painting
our pod that symbolized God created us
perfectly
we broke the pods to symbolize that life
kind of breaks us all and unique ways
and and then we put a mark together for
the candle inside as simple as that in
order to step in the blessings that are
waiting there for us we have to forgive
and let go of what has happened and what
has been and just move on and enjoy the
blessings that are waiting worth I mean
it was for my capstone and my husband
and I are going to be going around the
u.s. and sharing this message where can
we find you okay is it on YouTube yes
it's on YouTube but let your like shirt
okay yeah thank you
Danny hey you
yeah hey the big boy is read we gotta
get this guy a big boy bed man my song
what song yeah
twinkle little star yeah show me the
diamond
here put your thumbs together there it
is there's the diamond daddy dad me let
me do it
alright guys time for the rate of famine
to go to bed everybody's in bed except
me and I'm here picking the comment of
the day which came from the video that I
took down comment of the day comes from
le Claire you've got the block out the
name of city school on her shirt
hopefully you can take this video down
and fix it for her safety and there's a
hundred fourteen people who liked it in
several comments so we really do
appreciate you guys getting our
attention really quickly
LD thank you I hope you guys like
Abraham's haircut we like it but it's
really hard looking at Miss like we're
looking at a different child it's
strange but he's his face is still just
as adorable obviously but I'm will see
you guys tomorrow
don't forget love you and remember to
love each other and don't forget to
drink your Starbucks
you
