good morning Abram you think I'm warning
to the doggy what are you wearing
sissies robe it's so cute on you and
your little toes sticking out are you
hungry
what are we gonna have for breakfast
oatmeal yeah it's not cheese okay we
just finished breakfast and Abram is in
play mode he's got a big long train made
here all by himself it's too long right
now this is our kitchen play cubby for
those of you who don't know
this helps mommy do laundry and cook
your dishes without having to put a
screen on please he's such a little boy
you guys he's getting so big and so old
morning guys
how's everybody doing I hope everybody's
doing great I want to give you guys a
quick update on Annie first thing I
talked to Jason at the adoption center
he said that euthanization isn't even an
option when I asked him to be sure to
let us know if they can't find a home so
we can take her back and figure
something else so on Saturday they're
having an adoption event and he said
most likely they're gonna pick her up
somebody's gonna pick her up he said
he's already had a couple inquiries on
Facebook but like I said before guys I
just feel like this wasn't the place for
her she's just too old of dog to be
living in the city growing up I've had
several dogs crazy dog just like Annie
and we never had this kind of problem
because we didn't have fences none of
our dollars of fence down we've never
tethered a dog to a tree and that was
the point I was getting to where we had
to tie her up and that that alone to me
seems like animal cruelty then to bring
her somewhere else to get home and also
some of you guys suggested that I find
her
home myself instead of bringing her to
the shelter and I actually did do that I
posted it on Facebook and Craigslist and
nothing I got nothing from anybody that
was before she started hopping the other
fence
I think the adoption center has a better
reach than we do and they also do the
adoption events like to go in Saturday
but anyway guys we really do appreciate
all the support we're receiving from you
guys we expected the hate so it doesn't
come as a surprise to us at all this was
just a decision that we thought was best
for us and for Annie so those of you
supporting us thank you so much for
having our backs we love you guys and
thanks for just sticking with us through
thick and thin it was a hard decision
for us it wasn't easy at all
and here's a little update on Oreo she's
doing wonderful we're keeping her in the
house I let her out in the morning and
at night in the middle of the day but I
am having trouble getting her going out
on her own show the use of the potty in
the house at all but I'm having to pick
her up and physically carry her outside
to use a potty because she's just such a
nervous wreck do you guys have
experience with dogs that have high
anxiety because she is like out of the
roof anxious she's definitely opened up
though since we first got her when I
first got her shoot him unless Petter
I guess we're making some progress and
I'm sure part of it is she misses Annie
her little pal but she's gonna be all
right you gonna be all right right or
you you're gonna be okay
I overdid it today guys I really overdid
it want to hear about my hobby lobby's
shopping experience I'm sure you don't
want me to tell you anyways they were
just so packed and the line is like from
here I'm standing right here all the way
to like symphonies room well everyone
kept looking at me and saying things
like I only have fun like telling each
other like I just have one thing yeah me
too I just have one thing too
they were trying to get me to let them
go in front of me now I had to go get
symphony from school I waited 30 minutes
in line just like everyone else I don't
think it should matter
it's if I let one person go with one
item then I gotta let the next person go
with one item so basically every single
person in this store would have gone
before me but okay backtrack a little
bit I was looking for this sign for like
15 ish minutes up and down all the
Christmas elves I know Hobby Lobby has
this sign and I really wanted this time
I couldn't find it anywhere so finally I
gave up and I decided to get other
things that could be a centerpiece for a
wreath and they were more expensive and
less cute so I checked out after that 30
minute line in about 20-25 minutes just
to get through the checkout once it's my
turn I'm walking out the exit and
there's my signs right by the exit door
oh so I got him down Nina I needed went
back in the 30 minute line waited and
exchanged it for all the other more
expensive less cute ones
whatever long story short I was at Hobby
Lobby for three to three and a half
hours today
Edwards Austin and overdid it and now
I'm doing laundry house it just my
little story from today hey you stop
picking your belly buddy we just came
back
guys I have another surprise for the
family another surprise for the family I
said I have another surprise I said I
have another surprise for the family
home alone bet you never seen home alone
have you that's a really good one we
don't have eggnog we have pizza but we
know you got a Coke so guys I ordered
little tonight I got a small pizza and a
little um side of chicken with all
pinyon pine apples then I walked in and
Sam was like am I invited to this family
dinner and we have two pieces leftover
and still some chicken we only think it
when we're hungry so I understand down
we get full purpose you know hate
sausage with all of you look what you
did you little jerk
this movie's a lot more intense than I
remember goodnight calling everywhere we
never let me watch anything like this
it's hard not to because like watching
this movies come on Kevin
I don't know why guys but this is just
so exciting to be here with my family my
kids watching home long Cyndi's victim
code this whatever happens but we're
letting her today know I've made my
family disappear yeah
me and sympathy are taking a break from
home alone to go deliver hair tomorrow's
get cut off we're gonna cut that hair up
tomorrow
say bye-bye hair doo dee doo dee doo I
didn't wash it for him tonight because
he hates it we'll just go one more night
with no watching this these are funny
guy spying on us that's embarrassing
yeah you know playing inside every stuff
alright ladies and gentlemen we need a
comment of the day we do when you come
another day give us one second while we
found one this is from the Casella Bunch
vlog people are so quick to say things
it seems like people are just waiting
for you to do something they don't like
or agree with to start the hate I think
giving anything back was a wide decision
but I would say do try and check now and
again how she is doing till they find
the right home for her it is very tough
to take care of an animal when you have
young children pregnancy some breeds are
harder than others bless you guys thank
you kissing a bunch has a great thank
you can sell a bunch blog that's a great
advice it's exactly what I actually did
today and what I'll continue to be doing
and like I said Jay said the supervisor
of the adopted clinic said putting the
dog down is absolutely not an option and
that they will find her at home and if
not he said he will let me know and
he'll keep me updated he's gonna
continue making wreaths I'm gonna work
on a Christmas card and we'll see you
tomorrow
don't forget remember I forgot we love
you and remember to love each other
Karen
