good morning today is another Sunday
hello I'm at the car but your husband's
done out here what kind of actually
really long MDX
yeah it's a little SUV it's kind of cute
there it is that one right there tried
to get a big car because we're having
another she's having another grandchild
on the way where she has another
grandchildren
I gotta have space for my babies that's
just a reason to buy a bigger car you
should have a bigger car anyway I think
in general right I think so but no I was
thinking about the kids every was
hanging out with me you get a little
bored buddy we need to take you to a PA
RK don't we yeah you're all out of chips
I'm gonna let him know we look at it
call me come on let's go see it wait
right you're on drive it here it is oh
he's got a little puppy passenger with
the heroin does it come with the
passenger does it come with the puppy oh
look how cute guys little puppy
this isn't it smells good it's pretty
nice this is a 2002 gonna drive baby you
could drive now go check out the back
the leather looks in pretty good
condition my mom wants me to go test
drive it with that guy yeah you could
just do that we'll just stay in the
parking lot
a detection backup detection is my mom's
first disappointment doesn't have a
backup cam she means one of those don't
hurt the guys
having fun buddy do you like your mom
either the mighty angel is on my clock
or banging up everything you don't mind
them black blemish on the navigation
screen so far we can't get the a/c to
work
my mom's maybe check the lights not sure
why no a/c is a deal breaker for me I
don't I'm trying mom one sec hi
everybody congratulations mom
thank you she got a really good deal
according to her even though the AC
doesn't work as a big bucket we're not
sure if it works I think turning it on
and all the way up I think it's fine and
it can be fixed everyone passed out
right on time literally like right at
12:25 he goes about 12:30 a.m.
hey guys symphonies working on homework
she's been home for a little while today
we are getting ready for GC tonight
we're havin italiano so I made like a
pasta salad I don't know having lasagna
which is pasta but I didn't have the
ingredients for a real salad so we're
doing a pasta salad an Italian pasta
salad I have tomatoes and strawberries
dropped out and I have my mix right here
that's really young it's like an oil and
vinegar mix two tablespoons of red wine
vinegar tablespoon of lemon juice and
then like this pack of Hidden Valley
it's how you're dressing that I gotta
check it out guys looks good smells good
it's gonna be so tasty advic calendar
guys day one here we go you ready says
the first step every day is to look at
this number it has to match the number
that's on the card waiting for you every
day oh and then you gotta read the card
well we have to read it you know what
the word Advent means it means coming
huh can you tell me what's coming soon
what is coming soon yeah are you excited
about Christmas what are you most
excited about the presents but you know
the real meaning of Christmas right what
that's right well there was a time when
people were waiting for Jesus to come a
lot of people waited a long time for
Jesus to be born and they had hope that
he would come and save them but we're in
a time where Jesus has already been born
yeah and he's gonna come again one day
okay so we're kind of celebrating the
fact that Jesus actually came and saved
us and that he's gonna come again and
bring his home into heaven so advant
means coming he's coming
okay there's a picture of us on the back
of it it says read Matthew 1:18 to begin
the story of our saviors birth
look out below to where our shoes are
lying to find a surprise for our feet to
be occupying gotta look really good
it's hidden because it's been under here
for a while waiting for you know have
you should come this way
Abram come here holding our feet would
go inside them you gave it surprise
socks my man this is not a Christmas
gift this old a bit surprised I get the
blue ones
how cool one let me have them sister can
I see mine yeah I like socks socks take
off my orange ones first orange off
do you see mommy's did you see daddy's
Big Daddy's those are cool huh
we made it guys rocked our GC group
tonight brephos huh
Jen's that's how you called Jennifer
Jenny we haven't seen our GC group in a
while so this will be nice what about
call again she keeps telling me right
there
oh you had one the caprese salad I know
your name Jenny jeans
special new delicious mommy
oh god we just made it home I just
picked the comment of the day I didn't
tell me what it was because I want
surprise with it when I saw it I just
total happy but um we had a good night
I got I don't wanna say stuck but I had
to watch the kids with Bo I don't have
to it was nice I enjoy well I'll just
say as women were downstairs like there
are three dads upstairs watching the
kids this is so rare yeah there was
three of us it was really sweet
all the women can't stay down and enjoy
time on the way home stephanie was so
cute so she was grounded from Nia's
phone before we left the house she got
grounded she's grounded from the phone
for rest of the day and then I was
taking the kids at the car and symfony
looked at me and said daddy I need to
remind you that Mommy grounded me from
the phone so make sure you don't give me
your phone on the way home she said like
twice and that just like and I thought
about things she said to you yesterday
we're making the thing don't point out
the let me get the falls I kept a good
thing there's the good things that you
didn't yell
yeah I'm just thinking Sydney has like
so much to teach us if we just sit down
and think about these little things that
she's telling us because like really
learn a lot from her Lou mentioned that
tonight you're like if you just would
sit down and listen to your children the
Lord would speak to you through your
children good he said it he looked at
Mike he was like we can have your little
daughter come down right now and here's
something straight from the Lord
that's just so true that suppose think I
feel like I feel like I was talking to
through symphony when she said it like I
need to hold myself accountable to
certain things or have other people
holding me accountable like she was
asking me to hold her accountable I just
thought it was incredible coming for my
daughter I was really proud I'm gonna
start really listening to what she has
to say comment of the day today comes
from Emma Waldner I loved your comment
we had a lot of dark moments you guys
know that a lot of dog cummins she said
I hope you guys get another dog cute
it's really cute it was really sweet and
I appreciate your faith in us to raise a
dog but I don't think that's going to
happen anytime soon we know those of you
who have been watching us long enough no
I think it's safe to do this publicly
and if not we'll just cut it out as vlog
but I think those who have been watching
long enough know that you know Sam owes
me a huge I told you so
I was so against getting a dog you guys
remember I was like no no for months and
months for this reason I just know that
we're too busy to train and do it I
think I did give you that I told yeah
you did you told me so I did he did he
get he did yeah all right guys well
thanks for joining us today don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
she like
