morning guys it's been a while but it's
time for go car you're excited you miss
school didn't you
this is my little girl seems so sweet
today I've got her on but officially
Shaitan if you look getting in first
grade now cuz it's been away yeah yeah
then you're almost in first grade let's
go so we're about the door on time I
know I woke up probably about 20 minutes
after my alarm well I liked to snooze in
the morning when I'm getting up
Sam's getting up I do not like for him
to snooze though so we're off to schools
before the Thanksgiving right before New
York I was still having a lot of morning
sickness and I was not able to get up I
have it in the car ready babe I don't
get symphony ready for school come on
hurry come to your side
so now mommy is feeling all better we're
up early and we're going to school just
as girls I feel so blessed to be up and
out taking his school I absolutely love
starting my day like this it's the best
thing ever and for the first two to
three you guys two months of school Sam
was doing the majority of getting her up
hating her taking her discount cuz I was
just so sick and Mortensen now look so
good and we're going to school damn
mommy has too much energy home yeah no
you guys it feels like first day of
school all over again
so sweet I saw Symphony walking up
through this thing they call it the
courtyard but I could see that she
walked by one of the windows and her
teacher came straight out like she was
waiting for her so sweet just such a
good teacher like crying watching her
teacher come out and put her hand on her
bag and take her over to Chapel was so
sweet
morning guys Nina I just got back from a
funeral as the old pastor of ours at our
previous Church Locust Grove he lived to
be 88 years old that's incredible I can
only dream of living to be 80 I think
I'm gonna die young I always thought
that since I was a little boy that I was
going to die young and I was going to be
the first one in my family to die I
don't know if I'm a pessimistic or maybe
just hoping I'll die before everybody
else but for some reason I always have
that feeling
and it could also be due to the fact
that I take a lot of risks okay guys so
I got some sad and some good news some
of you are going to be very happy about
this some might be sad about it I think
more of you are going to be kind of like
finally about this but you guys know we
had so many issues with Annie going to
the neighbor's yard jumping onto the
stumps hopping over the fence I had to
put the scrap all over the stumps to
keep her from jumping because my
chainsaw broke and then she started
jumping over the actual fence so I had
to put this chicken wire up and after I
put that chicken wire up the shelter
taro contacted me they said we're happy
to take any back and try to find her
home for you guys if you can't do it
anymore
I said no we'll hang on to her
everything's gonna be fine I think she's
not up in the fence anymore
but today she keeps jumping this fence
now and is hopping out to the street and
now there's just there's no stopping her
she's hopping this little fence and so I
ended up having to tie her up and I
called the shelter and I said are you
guys willing to take her accept her back
like you had previously offered and they
said yeah take her back when we'll find
her home so Annie's going back to the
shelter it's a family decision guys we
decided we just can't handle her anymore
and the reason we keep her outside is
when we let her in the house
she runs crazy wild
she's just too much for us Annie you
ready to go you ready girl you ready to
go bye-bye we loved you okay
she like
you're
you
Hey
I'll be okay okay
I get it guys I'm the bad guy in and I
understand I love
he upset with me but
I'm willing to accept the fact that
failed miserably being a dog wonder
I just
in my best
I'm thankful that they're going to find
her
come on any
come on
most likely here you guys finding her
home uh I mean I really like you so if
you can't find her home I do want to
take her back if that's possible by
Annie stop I know you're gonna stay
inside with us she's a good girl forever
kitty cat come no no kitty can't come in
that's not our cat buddy oh man yeah
what do we do symphonies back from
school and max guitar I just tired
she's already working on homework she
has a lot of homework today three
worksheets where she repeatedly writes
her name which is rare they don't
release him at home but the teacher's
assistant wants her to do better writing
her essays she writes them backwards
right now so that's why she have so many
and she's through 20 minutes of homework
on the computer so we're gonna be busy
in for bath time so I guess you guys saw
that we now only have one dog and I
think we made the right decision Annie
was really causing trouble in the
neighborhood I feel like all that we've
had so much drama with our dogs we don't
even share it all but dog they're our
neighbors dogs getting out other dogs
coming like strain to our yard our dogs
getting out jumping like learning to
jump over the fence I kind of feel like
Annie was like the leader of the pack so
our neighbor came over today we had
their dog here because she she got loose
earlier and I told her oh my god
we're taking any back to shelter publish
I'll find a home with a bigger yard or
someone who's gonna maybe train her
differently I don't really know honestly
think we made the right decision for our
family for our neighborhood and for
Annie and for whatever family gets an e
in the future it's also better for you
she's going to come in and we're gonna
be able to spoil her more we don't have
room for two big dogs in here that are
rambunctious
that's one reason when we kept them both
outside to like to be together anyway
now I want to do is get an I mean Oreo a
collar with like bells or something for
Christmas big red bow on her neck I know
something Christmasy be that cute I have
something to tell you what Danny I want
you to think about it before you react
okay okay you know we got Annie at the
animal shelter
yes who brought her back today so she
can get another home think about it
we brought her back I brought her back
to the pound or two good dog show you
happy about that you're a toy
I'm sure we'll jump on you now you have
a backyard to play yeah now Oreo doesn't
usually jump on a no she doesn't at
all
yeah yeah well I will probably get to
that Berto so what do you think could
you okay with that mm-hmm cool done come
on Rita here a little bit of shear yeah
we do I got your tears that they're not
coming
oh so you understand why we had to bring
her back
why because she was tearing up our yard
oh she was jumping the fence she was
jumping on you guys
yeah like a key Oreo yeah she did attack
Oreo couple times to chop me ball say
meatloaf meatloaf true so cute you
excited for dinner I also made a green
bean casserole and yes those are real
Funyuns I didn't have those little green
bean topper things and I read online
that that's an organic substitute
you know sounds good this looks so yummy
actually looks Christmassy it's red and
white also as I said earlier today I'm
back in the groove taking some new
school this morning I felt really good
when I woke up I did get sick later on
in the day but I think I had motion
sickness from being in the car too long
another thing that's cool though that's
come back is and my stomach is no longer
too weak for me to cook Sam was kind of
in charge of the cooking for a little
while and when I say kinda I mean kind
of because I'm real Hank
but we didn't you know like eat meals
like this like you know but sometimes
occasionally he did make good meals but
like once a week maybe or once every
couple of weeks so he took us out you
know we went out to eat a lot you guys
have seen but anyways I'm just thankful
to be back in the kitchen it feels good
I feel gosh today has felt so normal
aside from when I got really really sick
earlier and took a nap and it was like
disgusting sick but anyways we're gonna
eat dinner now meatloaf
I love me low foot about you ever gone
do you love your meatloaf just like your
daddy oh you know he love meatloaf
you know but I like these chips Mia made
green bean casserole because she was
craving the in for Thanksgiving right
kind of I am well I really wanted some
at Thanksgiving and I'm kidding I'm not
necessarily craving it but I have all
the ingredients I'd rather have that and
then have something you have someone you
played any an average is regular you
know training anyway let's do yeah I'm
in a long time
everyone can pray oh pretty good hey
thank God for the food and that was
amazed balls thanks honey
you're all thanks honey I didn't make it
I know but thanks for sitting next to
you
oh you're welcome try not to mind potato
chips glue the bins that are out of
place all the ribbon everywhere that
Legos and the Christmas stuff that has
been put away or put up turn out to mind
all that we get a second I though I'm
trying to get three orders finished UPS
and I've got one over there one of the
box and I'm about to start on another
one I'm really sleepy but we got to do
the comment of the day we have to
doesn't matter how sleepy I am I got to
get the commented day I got to do the
comment of the day okay
coming today goes to Kaitlyn
jealous Kaitlyn jealous how come you
guys don't do your intro song anymore
just like to know I've actually been
working on it I'm gonna give you a sneak
peek how about that it's the same song
I'm not changing that relatively the
same intro but I've been working on
Titan I have to go to bed because I
gotta wake up early and take my mom car
shopping otherwise I would stay up all
night and do this thing because once I
get started on a creative project it's
hard to wait to the next day to complete
it but don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
