why more than princess a princess
pioneer I do need get dressed we're all
to church guys we're I'm so sorry about
that excuse me we are off to church we
are really gonna get out in this weather
guys it has been flooding in Texas in
the Dallas area I think they said three
people died in this flood and the
flooding here three people that's insane
also they're saying that Dallas beat the
record for having the most rain in a
single day I think ever in the history
of the earth may be exaggerating with
that record but um maybe it's just Texas
but I think it's everywhere don't quote
me on that now don't you do it hey what
are you join mister you're gonna wear
all of the church you can't wear that
those are your PJs not only are we
getting out on this weather to go to
church but Matt and I are gonna go to an
FC Dallas game but which is a soccer
team in Dallas and yeah I'm surprised it
hasn't been canceled but yeah I gotta
get ready for church guys sorry I can't
vlog anymore yeah sure what my Christmas
at the church really
which means every single one of us
operates not according to facts but our
interpretation of those facts and our
interpretation for every single one of
us in this room is filtered through the
lens and it's also why we meet each
other
there's not a person in this room that
sees themselves clearly there are
aspects of your life that's certainly
the Holy Spirit revealed when you are
working on their aspects of your life
that you are utterly convinced you got
nailed you've got yourself figure out
you know what that looks like and you
don't have a clue so why you were so
shocked and horrified when somebody
confronts we've made it home gonna play
in the rain today no not today buddy
daddy's about to leave mommy wants to
play in there she can
no no what about you sis you know take
him out what gonna take a broom out
Lorraine choke him up in church it was
funny and she was like oh my gosh last
week you were just like flat nothing
only were in New York I know it's just
like popped right out what do you think
about my tummy good because I really
really wanted gonna have her baby shower
so hopsital around what a nose your hell
you want to know what the girl do you
think my tummy's getting big we still
have quite a while seven more months
timbers
Poorman timber gonna watch soccer I'm
just here joining math and it looks like
the line is master
nap time is over for my littles guys
guess what we're gonna do we're gonna do
a Christmas craft today
Oh what will sit on the couch of her zqt
he just woke up literally just woke up
he's already got his finger going in
that corner Symphony still hello Church
outfit we're making an advent calendar I
have to learn a little bit more about
what it is but basically it's a
countdown to Christmas these are the
options I'm going for this one
a reclaimed wood rustic look this one
where you find boxes around the house
and you wrap them up and I guess you put
things down inside I probably I'm not
sure but that's an option and there's
one other option I was looking at which
is advant in a jar I had thought about
doing that one because this is like a
space-saving one it's pretty cute we'll
see all right we're gonna update you
guys every hour we moved from there and
now we're here so we have a couple more
hours to go to see the end of the game
right now just starting the game right
now like 80% of people are not even in
the stadium they just did the national
anthem you can hear a couple of people
in there singing there's only four metal
detectors for you set up like 20,000
people
so the line is moving really slow you
having fun buddy scratch that idea sissy
your job is important I need you to open
up the birdcage and bring over ornaments
I bet you you do don't you
we need 25 I think we'll need more thank
you all right gentle good baby
all right thank you with the burlap
we're gonna keep on going around and
around we made it
almost there's the detective right there
it's been about 20 minutes it's less cut
my vlogs just check it in let you guys
still alive
it seems to lie bro does that snow game
is halfway node I have well 2/4
but nobody scored yet this determines
who goes in championship oh this is such
a big game okay guys so clearly my craft
skills are not as up to par same ones
were because the first two ideas that I
had did not work out I was wrapping that
board up and I ran out so I'm gonna
rewrap it a different way it didn't work
out my hot glue gun my hot glue gun got
jammed and will no longer hot glue so
I'm not doing that anymore
and we're gonna do like a candle version
with mason jars I think I do have these
supplies five mason jars and a box of
little votives can clogged it I think
the idea prior to the mason jars is
going to work it's working out guys
seriously it's finally working out
Symphony has a job over here now she's
putting the twine into the hole for the
little numbers and then we're gonna hang
them from the ornament as you can see I
had a boo-boo here and a boo-boo there
but I don't know what to do about it
there you go
okay very first advent calendar pretty
successful besides those two little glue
mistakes I was all upset about the glue
and some feels like mommy just don't
worry about it think about how pretty
the ornaments look and how good the
numbers turned out and not the burlap
work don't worry about the glue it's
pretty even though that's they're so
sweet
so now let's hang it up
looking out oh yeah this is what I came
for
they're not just shirt right you from
the nacho nacho okay here's what we
decided to do hanging it on the wall did
not work I have a really cool idea
planned out so make sure you come back
all throughout the month of December to
see how we are going to be doing our
advent calendar it's gonna be a lot of
fun and now it's time I just made
homemade Mexican chicken soup it looks
amazing I tried to show you guys but it
just fogged up the camera over and over
again so you don't get to look at it but
it looks delicious it smells delicious
and if we have some tortilla chips Sam
is at the soccer game you guys already
know forgot the fail in all that you do
it Matthew yeah they're at a
professional soccer game
dear
well we lost let's go home I just got
home guys
this just made me so happy look how cute
it is so we had a lot of comments on the
vlog guys on what Nia said about being
weak but first I want to pick a comment
of the day you guys ready for this comes
from Caitlyn Waggin Waggin fake major
wagonette you two are absolutely
adorable thanks for being a shining
example of a Christian family who isn't
going to give up on each other I just
like that because it reminds me of how
strong I think Nia is or has been and is
through all this a lot of people were
assuming when Nia said it was weak to
stay in a marriage she was also
including people who are abused in their
marriage which she absolutely wasn't you
know just talking about my situation
that's it I wasn't I'm out in general if
your husband cheats on you or beats you
when you leave that's the weak easy way
out that's definitely not the case
that's the courageous way out actually
yeah when it comes to being abused and
you're getting out of it all right guys
oh I showed Sam the advent calendar tell
him what he said I was like he walked in
whatever married to show him yet it's
really cool there it is over there
okay store bought yeah he's like where'd
you get that oh like I made it yeah it
looks like good I don't know like some
kind of professional decoration he can't
see you guys close there's a couple
mistakes on it hot room mistakes QD
mistakes
oh it gives us things character these
mistakes don't really give me character
anyway guys we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other if you guys are so interested
in submitting your videos don't forget
the outro part that we're doing feel
free to email those to us we'd love to
again like we were doing before that
season of crap that went down but um
yeah we'll see you tomorrow
