I just can't do it all on your
continuing in the Christmas spirit today
guys
we are just decorating it's in full
force you kitchen right right we trade
it out this thing over here we have that
can't forget my painting that I made and
the kids are wrapping their doors you
moved the scenery in here totally cute
it just looks with more bearing on the
camera one more piece of bonding strip
right there you're begging me for a
banana just sure I guess that'll do it
take that a nice bit crinkle to know
what it looks perfect all right April
come here buddy the studio though my
dad's trying if you would stop screaming
in her yondu your door now I've had it
up to here guys up to the top of this
Christmas crap I'm me not wearing her
hat I bought her put it on my hair's up
get in the Christmas be right and
symphony where are your brain dears
bring to your handlers right behind you
put him on no I tried Wow
I tried a head on him but it fills this
next baby looks adorable on you cuddle
you you're so smooth I can hisses yeah
he's making a wreath for this room did
you tell the story me buying the wreath
at Walmart anybody that's a few million
really let's see what they think about
it Sam sorry that I'm having our room
and the thing we're gonna doing in this
room I'll tell you guys what things were
drawing I decided what I'm doing for the
room sitting right what he bought a read
I'm not literally
make one house just like it I was just
like I wanted one extra wreath I wanted
her to make one still and I wanted your
other one was really cute Ruth I was so
proud that made so crappy it was on this
like crappy vase it's gonna probably
break and try to hang it up kid
so what we're doing here guys this room
is going to be the burlap woodsy room
this is the tree that was in the kitchen
we brought it in here oh you did and the
kitchen is going to be like traditional
Christmas thing we're going to buy a it
sure is and I got some little
multicolored darling around the counter
I got a couple more to put up this room
is the frozen room and it has a little
tree
string in some Garland's gonna work oh
my gosh all right I'll get told Sam I
think are doing a little too much in the
kitchen but maybe not you know with all
their Christmas honey
oh yes that's cute
all right citrine I run decorate the
frozen tree and I finished my wreath
think it like pretty cute for a little
bit of a last minute type of thing we
put lights on it
burlap put a snowflake burlap light
snowman can't find that at Walmart
you're a room why are you wearing sissy
boots here you need a hook on there let
me help you put on some we're gonna take
a dark blue ones off mom has a point she
said it's not really frozen color Mommy
has the dark blue ones look like the ice
I think the dark bronzy oh wait the dark
blue ones look light on his dreads
it looks like I want to stir it
oh yeah it does I think blue goes you
don't have silver hooks
no we do so i bought these today so i
thought they're cool and remastered
through the kind eyes except for the
white tree because that they barely fit
in a hole so they so they won't come off
when you put them in storage and they
work really good you know you don't have
to worry about bending them and try
replacing i want to put the angel
there's one right there see you can put
that one off with this one all right
okay is that okay with you
put the angel right here right next to
the angel of the family
got two angels are an idea for the top
let's just put one of these up there
look cool you can make a big one it
looks good then we got a big one
you can make one oh yeah
once you get a deal that's a really good
idea honey I want to have your big one
now just one we just have enough just
warm from the top I'm spying on him he
just dropping stuff in the birdcage oh
you took his snowflake in there
hey are you gonna help us there's some
bulbs in there I caught you what are you
doing
I forgot we have all off you just
happened to be sitting under here let's
put him on our frozen tree yeah he could
have been our topper we're gonna use
that at the topper I'm gonna put this
one I'm the specialist play okay right
yeah can he say go kind of towards the
top cuz he's heavy Symphony there it is
the finished Christmas tree Symphony the
frozen tree of the house we're going to
put it never high Abram what are you
guys watching Christmas with the Kranks
we're watch this movie every year not
really I just saw on that place and turn
it off here's the centerpiece new maid
it's gorgeous sweetie where is your
Christmas hat gone you could dorable on
it
the problem with this is that it's so
tall you like to see 1/4 of the TV on
each side but you just got it kind of ah
jump and you're watching that tv1 zip
your circuitry
right here look behind the door right oh
is that way want us to put it there to
cover up your timeout spawn yes sneaky
your thing about this corner or move the
TV maybe over here and put the cheap put
the Christmas tree right there because
we don't have any lights on this wall I
think ever kind of finish this room off
I don't know every what are you doing
buddy
hey bum what's on your bedroom door
what's on your door come here what's on
your bedroom door what is that your door
what is that a broom yeah don't close it
he's taking full ownership of this door
he said you got to find the third one
put on mommy and daddy's door like
breaking my back find it now well done
with the decorations our house is very
Christmassy we still have a tree yes
that's right we don't have an awesome
part peace so much like what are we
missing here if we put some lights here
no it still doesn't do what I know what
it is it's the star we're missing the
star wait where do you put the star
so we're going to answer some questions
today guys since our blog was kind of
short and sweet and to the point and
just us decorating and first question
are you ready comes from Alex she wants
to know why are you two such awful
people you're asking himself well she
wants to know I love our children so
much oh we love God we go to church with
her we don't want to wrong do anybody
wrong yeah guess that's what I mean we
are oh yeah that's that's a good answer
we're human that's why we're awful
people up to the next question where's
Ain the backyard where she always is Mia
do you ever get frustrated with Sam and
if you do do you ever resent him for
stuff he did in the past while on the
state of frustration by the way I love
you guys your kids are amazing in
smirking wrestled in pregnancy I'm
excited that was from Tamika hmm yes I
get frustrated with Sam whether he has
stuff in the past or not I think all
spouses get frustrated with each other
when yeah um resent I just don't think
that's the right word but yes sometimes
past things come to my mind like when
I'm frustrated I'll think you know I'll
think things like oh well he should be
extra nice to me because he did this or
he should do what I'm saying or you know
I don't know things come to my mind of
course but I don't think the word resent
it's the right word like when you get
frustrated with me do you start thinking
about my past mistakes and they just can
add to the frustration yeah sometimes
alright there's your answer this comes
from Brooke James are you going to leave
Sam
or are you too weak to leave him mmm
good what I wish you gave me these
the time so I could prepare I have a
good answer for that okay no I'm
obviously not leaving Sam and the answer
to the next part of the question is oh
man I need time to think about this no
it takes a lot more strength to stay and
work on a marriage that has had flaws
and betrayals heartbreak and all that it
takes a lot more strength to stay and
work it out
leaving divorcing would be the easy weak
way out that's my answer last and final
question guys individually and as a
couple what are the most important
takeaways you have from this season and
this season is talking about everything
that went down you guys know everything
for me the main thing I learned in terms
of vlogging and everything that came out
publicly was learning where I found my
acceptance I took my break I learned
that I have a heart Idol of acceptance
and I find my acceptance through other
people that people laugh at me people
give me their time I don't go to explain
what heart idols are but you guys can do
--gel it and find some stuff on it so
that's something I learned during my
whole break that I have been looking for
acceptance through you guys through the
viewers to the numbers I was saying to
the comments we were receiving I learned
that about myself and that it was
obviously not a good thing at all
especially since I let her buddy down so
big and I everybody hated me it was like
if I really found my acceptance are you
guys that was enough for me just to feel
completely worthless
what about you near I did not have time
to prepare for this question so
basically just being in community and
allowing people to surround you I've had
some really amazing friendships blossom
since this summer and one thing that I
take away from that is how to be a good
friend back how to always love and how
to always choose to support someone or
to be there for someone to pray for
someone no matter
what the situation is or whatever I feel
like that's something I've taken away as
the Christian as a woman mom I don't
know if it's the most important thing
you have taken away so as a cowboy to
relearn we learned that I think hold on
if correct me if I'm wrong Mia but I
think the biggest thing that we learned
from that season was its during the hard
times that you really discover who your
real friends are
I said all right mm-hmm like the song
find out who your friends are all right
well that's it guys hope we answered
some of the important questions can't
wait on me same show another thing I
posted a video on the is necessary
should go check it out I'm gonna be
doing them weekly a lot of you been
asking me to so I finally gathered up
the motivation made a video it's kind of
more laid-back than normal but anyway
well don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other faster
