good morning guys day after Thanksgiving
it's already Christmas seriously that's
how I feel this year I'm usually not the
one who's all like Christmas months
before Christmas but this year I feel
that way I feel like we've had lots of
blessings lots of changes lots of food
things happening what's the first thing
on our list this morning and we'll go
right here on the very tippy top okay
mystery can you sing see all right very
cute this symphony is so in the spirit
how did you light these up anyway oh
yeah cool Behaim that's awesome we're
gonna put our nativity scene up to I
think we'll put it up here yeah let's
call it the lights on it very pretty
why don't you help me make the truffles
first now my blender is smoking no I
think I'm just not meant to make these
truffles this year it's finally like the
consistency I need it to be and it won't
blend up I can see that it's turning
into the truffle consistency I'm
watching heaven this would be a joke
remember that lag we saw one mean a
diamond you are going on a walk all the
water oh when the pipe broke in that
person jerk yeah I remember we made it
guys welcome to Kristen's house and
what's it been something smells
delicious
come on he's nervous it's okay it's just
Jonathan I got the fire going let me
introduce you guys everybody this is
Matthew Rader my brother you guys know
him this is Lonny
this is Kristi you guys know Kristen
from last year we're a couple times on
the vlog yeah that's awesome thank you
so much for hosting a game
I'm down Matt you don't maybe second
appeal this is Pete you guys remember
people Symphony's birthday he was the
DJ's hippies birthday he was making her
second cup of coffee
he got braces since last time you guys
saw him right
what are they really they actually added
some kind of material in color so yeah
Jonathan this is Kristin son
this right here is princess symfony
attacking them where does beat up a room
she's stuck hopper what a good brother
he's trying to help you see me he's like
she has a fever of nine and it looks
amazing
hey drinking wine
she's not drinking that wine is not her
beautiful plate I don't want to mess
with this thinking doesn't look pretty
so I was
it's hopefully gonna happen phone and I
said hey just give your dress I'll swing
by six o'clock because she was I don't
know I I don't ever have anybody come by
and pick me up up you're not a you know
a serial killer I was like come on all
right no one ever did about a tarp and
okay so how did you walk in on it you
just open the door and saw little on
paper up she got you in the van we were
leaving she look let's saw it all back
there no I just left it in there for my
previous day so this is across
Hey
guys Keppel - is stuck look no fixed it
we had a really fun night with my family
and Kristen and her boyfriend here and I
think my brother may have a new interest
one of you guys they did you see a
little bit of chemistry going on it's
fun cuz he was joking with me when he
saw I was like maybe I should ask her
she's married she's heaven kiss you
right now but it's so funny
but anyway me and I decided we're gonna
start doing comment of the day we've got
this idea from Judy and Benji from it's
Judy's life and we just think it's a
really good way to share positivity on
Archie
and you know just put the love out there
okay so comment number one comes from
Joe bro fan 1583 oMG I'm so thankful for
this family y'all have been through heck
and back and God has brought you a
special gift to get y'all out of it I
love you guys so much don't forget to
keep staying strong Thank You Dro bro
fan really sweet
did you read the next one and the next
one is funny comment of the day from
Penny Lane
she says lots of laugh at Nia's facial
expression at 12:37 when sam says
descendants instead of ancestors sweet
of her not to correct him
and he is the best she really is the
best but I wish she would have corrected
me realize I was making a face I knew
that he said the wrong word I was
thinking like no no like our
grandchildren will be our descendants
but I couldn't think for the life of me
the word to correcting my cells like
what maybe he is right I started like
it's like I'm guessing myself I had this
whole thing in my head it's just funny
you guys saw the face thanks a lot for
all you guys's comments we read them all
just so you know but we'll see you guys
tomorrow
for Saturday Saturday yeah you're
something we want to pick out a tree
really bad guys we're gonna go get one
rainbow yes I'm so wet outside and I
want to get a real trim persist I'm
getting a real tree this year
I would so be happy when the fake one
just so we could start decorating but he
really wants the real one Symphony one's
the real one one of the downsides and
upsides to a real on thick tree
we always had real trees when I was a
kid and I was like six I have a minor
allergic reaction once and we just
didn't get one anymore we get real ones
anymore after that
mmm-hmm anyway if it's not wet tomorrow
it's not raining all day but it's
supposed to be we're gonna go pick out a
tree so probably do more decorating in
the house but anyway guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
