say Happy Thanksgiving Happy
Thanksgiving
can you say it you will take your
underwear off it's Thanksgiving guys
this is not my outfit I'm just wearing
it it's comfy while we're cooking
symphony and I brought forget our
Thanksgiving pokemons what is the first
thing you're making first thing we're
making our coconut strawberry truffles
we got to get those started first
because they have to chill in the
freezer you guys today I'll show you my
baby bump it's pretty prominent I went
out with Courtney to the movies last
night and she was like dude whoo I've
been trying to get this cookie started
all day and now simply wants her apron
Avery needs a diaper we're never getting
it started whoa
nice turkey hey Rob daddy's like a big
balloon
take that off scared this is what the
inside looks like those did not work out
but the rest of them did then we cover
them with chocolate okay you can take
this outside with Daddy go be crazy okay
morning viewer jicama hi everyone
daddy's your stuff has a turkey yeah let
me go see can you tell us the origin of
Thanksgiving Symphony sitting I just had
a little study of Thanksgiving not
sharing field that's not what it's all
about it's about giving thanks yeah
remember the pilgrims what was the boat
they came in on Mayflower and what rock
did they get off on him plan from now it
fine Timnath planet you're just saying
it ascribe yours does anybody live in
Plymouth Massachusetts does anybody live
in Plymouth Murphy newest message
cheated I thought it were for me is that
Massachusetts
perfect
well we're pulling him to my
grandmother's house now - how she passed
away when I was 18 we're having
Thanksgiving here Oh
Bieber be careful she's a heavy girl oh
you've been gone too long
I miss you so bad - cute little stance
they're kind of both legged horse
hey wait at the horsies can we pet you
Bob makes me nervous a little bit very
beautiful eyes cutter touch like a sissy
horsey muscles thing knock on wood
because strong it is want to introduce
you guys to the house - the greatest
people you'll ever meet in your whole
life and I'm gonna tell you a tale and
you know you know we're begin right huh
and I think it's a girl
I don't know if it's a girl but I told
him the other day that I want one of the
main contenders for our nameless to be
hidden absolutely do
whenever there's no more middle name
whatever
I'm going to be for my oh sweet is
always soaking bedded every night
because it's such an open name I love it
I wanted to tell you that this is my
beautiful inhale this is bebo sister I
like old-fashioned names to Helen and
Evelyn Eleanor those are some of my
name's up I vote down go past
gangs are crazy y'all are so strong we
don't he'll this is hunter and this is
destiny destiny good to machine then you
tell visual visual radio TV shop yeah hi
welcome to Symphony's life from symphony
today we're gonna be opening two two
eggs one is pink one is purple then just
in case one in his job kit we can do we
can hide a little shocked we can hide
the window shopkin and put it in this
little bag so let's get started first
let's start the pink wood there's some
hard play-doh in it let's see what's in
our second one the next one is an Elsa
so they're both not shopkins but these
are clues for what I'm gonna do in my
next video so we have to dried out
play-doh in an inner Elsa character and
we have a basket we could hide our
outside in the basket so be thinking
about my net video my
it might be this kind of video game or
it might be on the outfit and on video
breath oh no
so that's all we have for today so hope
you like this video bye we have
Christmas around meilleurs let me see oh
yeah your little Olaf eat well we could
do something different than first of all
you Oh Stephanie your little foot
where's your foot Oh make an apron blue
that's Olaf bubby yay
Sam's getting the Christmas spirit in
here like we did this last year
Christmas music
ribbon in it one two three
they're all working camera doesn't pick
it all up
we're saying
we found archery for this year
what you doing are you dancing tree oh
my goodness honey be careful usually
when we have Thanksgiving at my family
you tell us we have a late lunch like
Jewish and then we just kind of snack
and eat again around 4:00 or 5:00 but
this year it started raining everyone
left kind of early and so I'm hungry
again it's 8:30 at night and almost like
we don't have like a Thanksgiving like
late-night dinner so I whipped up some
enchiladas I'm really excited about them
too like when I say whipped up I mean
like I was borderline cranky like I want
to go back to my aunt's and get a plate
of food and or take me to Walmart make
me small turkey or selenium but no I'm
making some rice and beans we're having
enchiladas are gonna smells good it was
easy
come on little boys Thanksgiving has
come to an end
did you have a good Thanksgiving baby
can you tell mommy something you're
thankful for what makes you happy
your blankie oh he just doesn't want to
talk anymore you know it's serious
bedtime when he doesn't want to talk
anymore use what song do you want yeah
start hmm
operation operation you have to get from
Vale I'm using my left hand just for the
added challenge because this is too easy
for me oh goes this you guys got watch
her she's the best you want to give a
feather please don't worry this you got
this come on careful now you have a tag
and we don't you just in case advises I
need to make these tweeters just a
little bit wider that's it oh gosh
already done
Oh
move those oh man just barely touched it
my last little Thanksgiving child is
going to sleep did you have a good
Thanksgiving baby yes we're from Spain
tell them my didn't like dog the little
macaroni bites so if you come to
Kristen's house with us you might want
not gonna try the new cafe cuz they made
me get you might not want to try them if
you don't want to try it ok can you
that's what I made today by the way guys
I'm thankful for I'm my family and
friend
oh well thankful for you too anything
full for water I was thankful for God
alright so for water and I've also meant
for any everything but the devil first
off I'm very thankful for you guys
making this possible for our family
living off youtube so I can be home my
family every single day and you be home
with the family
yes very thankful for that it's pretty
incredible it's unreal to me sometimes
it just blows our mind I'm just like
must be driving the car I'll suddenly
just have this like thankfulness
overcome me obviously I'm just so
incredibly thankful for what God has run
I'm also thankful that my descendants
made it over into the food land of
America so thankful for that there's so
many people who try to get over here
that didn't make it we strive all their
life to get over here and I'm thinking
way back obviously and I'm just so
thankful that I was born in America and
also thank you for about
um we have two real ones sitting right
over there - we always read our phone
well I'm gonna show them what I'm
thankful for
you want to show them yes so guys I'm
thankful for this little bump right here
and a little person that's inside of me
we're just so fortunate you know this
time a few months ago we were getting
some devastating news and it just feels
so blessed to be carrying another little
life inside of me I'm gonna tear up in a
minute
it's just so exciting I'm so so thankful
for that I'm thankful for my children my
home my family feeling very blessed
- this year also very thankful for our
church family and for guarding what he's
doing in our life all of our friends and
community that we have those are those
are the biggest thankfulness is that I
have I'll see you guys tomorrow we're
having another Thanksgiving with my
family this time Kristen is going to be
hosting it like she did last year
all my brothers are going to be there
except half of them so well David not
gonna make it
Nora's Andrew or was Michael that's over
half the other ways only two boys after
the family half the siblings aren't
going to be there yeah Zach because
everybody was there last year except
born don't forget guys we love you your
name I can't help each other
he had an astronaut
