you're ready to go we're going for Nana
Nana's gonna come with us
Oh swishing you change your shirt yeah
me good morning guys that's everybody
doing today we are doing great here at
the the young Chevrolet emptying out my
mom's wrecked car she totaled her car
guys can you believe that you said mom
me and I paid to get a completely
detailed and her leather all finished
look how nice it is in there guess yeah
dad there was pretty nice it's really
not that bad I don't know why they
totaled it
runs just fine
she also just got new tires and wheels
homo must be to buy it there's still
over 1500 I see you do you see you see
me yeah yeah yesterday me and I both
woke up pretty sick she woke up
extremely nauseated Soviet vlog at all I
woke up kind of feeling feverish and
achy all over I pretty much slept all
day long my mom ended up watching the
kid for a second day which was very nice
of her for butch was laid in bed and I
made that one video that you guys saw a
service of the time squirt compilation
for pretty bummed out we missed our
Thanksgiving with our juicy group city I
think there's a lesson to be learned
here baby I want you to take a good look
at that okay I got your phone in the car
that's exactly why very good sweetie and
I try not to mostly time I don't huh
I don't think Nana was on her phone but
she's probably driving a little bit too
closely to somebody else or maybe then
we're driving like really close together
and she was going this way
the other cars going this kooky when
they were both like this same kind of
straight then when they were going to
enter into each other that's what
happens sometimes but today but with
Nana what happened was she was driving
this way and this car was also driving
this way yeah and you're both dry yeah
that yeah they were both driving this
way like that and then this car stopped
all of a sudden and then and it stopped
soon enough and she went right behind
him and we hit the back of the car so
certainly what is the lesson to be
learned here know in car while you're
driving well Nana wasn't on her phone
what was the real lesson to be learned
here don't follow other cars too closely
Yeah right
what you do see I don't know you ready
to go come on let's go see mommy good
morning guys how's it going
children's are back home I don't want
one right now thank you though
somebody's getting a snack we share
these little coconut truffles which
speaking of coconut truffles I still
need to go to the store and get stuff
for Thanksgiving food we did not end up
going last night I was so so sick all
day at night I don't even see the light
of day no I think while we're there
though I'm gonna let Abram get a new cup
what are you being creepy about yup
because he told has meat meat goodbye
that's nursing for those of you don't
know and today he had a hard time going
to his nap so I think if we let him go
pick out one special cup that's what we
did with symphony when we put the ball
ball away
I think we should make a big deal out of
it for him 98 99 SARS no Turkish
hey 9 100 she really just counted 200
you guys she seriously did it Symphony
I'm so proud of you I've never heard you
do that give me a big five that is so
good hi did you want to get down and
choose ok come choose a cuppie since you
said Bob I need needs can you say bye
bye ok they're gone gone gone forever
that's not the cup you want like this
one is that the one there's cars I
personally don't care for these ones or
straws
what God look Abram why don't you look
at them all first don't throw it in the
buggy look amazing season
here's trucks you might not want to get
bit
oh yeah no not that one was that the cup
you wanted oh okay
what you guys get at the grocery store
we got stuff hey Roman Cup which they
saw for why did you get new cups oh yeah
red one because everything about
anything Alchemist come oh yes uncle
Choo choos coming April uncle Chu Chi is
coming yeah nothing comes your guys are
slow go hi uncle choo-choo that my
little toe socks laughs when you guys
sent me these from Japan long time ago
very first started blogging aren't they
even still watching or are you still
watching oh my gosh you guys would never
believe Walmart is totally 100%
completely out of strawberries and
chives two things that I needed from a
recipe so I got these whole strawberries
under their drainage are so we're not
know how two percent of those families
they're out of the fresh ones cream
cheese butter looks like you're making
some kind of video cheesecake these are
10 mm cheesecake oh pretty tolling
around my finger I'm making truffles oh
yeah like I'm gonna learn how to
actually make my favorite my mother's
you know you might be the best I ever
had
you're a sharpie yeah hey whoa judo
choo-choo yeah no I said you do you did
did you say choo-choo or juju juju I
don't think so
Oh everything's is to do no choo-choo
no not man oh no Mary choo-choo no to to
Mary choo choo choo - York you date a
remnant nobody choo-choo no it's gonna
raise like Oh to choose here what your
cell is made of grounded of cow and pig
bones
yeah motor can you use gummy bears are
made of ground-up bones Oh see I don't
hear I just want to eat my jello they
came over here to FaceTime with our
other two brothers basically yeah sit
what can you do that at your own house
now make the Rhine pie Matt and I are
having pizza for dinner where did you
guys go to meal mine is DiGiorno stuffed
crust pizza every single time and seems
like when Matthew comes over I go for
the pizza needs about to go out with her
friends that's why every time I go
shopping I buy one for cases like this
you want to tell you could tell me first
don't show them anger that's not there
we guys look at Abram I you find a
little holes Blakey
where's the hole why did right there
Jill's mom in New York loved when he
said that she just asked him where or
something just so he could say that
there's a little hole
Jana corn dog we're having pizza no more
corn dog dude yeah one more cool dog
little feet sticking out last one but
get it right can manipulate yeah last
one where's that leggy finds little
horns Mike right there it's been a
little obsession for you my veins okay
buddy
so home physics behind it no there's a
hole in the corner of his blanket oh
right there
It's Made in there I did okay
and he looks for air time get somebody
what are you doing
they will not you goofball because mom's
got what are you doing is she magic upon
symphony where'd she go
Symphony Symphony Amy to laundry where's
sissy where's sissy at a broom like it
was easier what have you seen sissy
we're simply we're sissy anymore what do
you think raise a kid get off the table
is like mommy I could do whatever I want
get off the table Tiffany's doing jello
everywhere this is how mattnic cuts his
pizza
using our scissors where we have a pizza
cutter but actually cuts a lot better it
is so easy cuts right through the
pepperonis let us spread them out like a
scary it's a big piece is that for you
okay come on go put some PJs on buddy
we're not eating more remember you say
goodbye to neat neat you said bye if I
remember oh yeah guys I don't like to
see it go it doesn't so much it's really
hard for me to see him go through things
like this well PJ's are we gonna wear my
mommy ever has him out for me
mm-hm ones these frenzies our door
rolling this guy say purple say brown
done say black
Jarman holes are holes
charming the holes are neat holes
yeah
I got buddy I got it almost done almost
done stop me almost done buddy
doing good job orange fish carrots uncle
Chu Chu and the PA are playing guess who
did you say yes sir that's if you what
character did you bake I can't tell you
I just tell me I'm not playing with you
what
I think math is good and I think I might
win shipping your turn
Sydney this is your last chance to win
so you might as well make a guess guess
a character don't ask a question you
can't your staffy who is stuck can you
see the dragon nope guess a character
don't ask a question you can't - Daffy
who is stuck in the sea the dragon
nope is your character the mermaid yes
Wow yes everyone woke up demanding to
wear his choo-choo shirt now symphonies
in there turn out making him back down
to sleep look how cute
she's making a good sweet sweet that's
how you put have your bag
good job sissy nun night choo-choo
my my you know choo-choo getting there's
Andrew I'm ready girl story and Matt and
I are gonna watch the Lincoln we've been
wanting to see that both of us so long
just yeah game Lincoln use a president a
13th president or six teams you can tell
her fan basic good night good night
everybody
don't forget really you just remember to
get the game this ooh good idea and also
don't forget you love you and remember
to have a good sweet
you
