good morning everyone good morning
everyone today
Abram is wearing he just looks like a
cool little dude back there doesn't mean
hey buddy we are running errands just me
and my babes do you know where the first
stop is not Walmart
well first we stopped at the dry
cleaners that's why we're sitting right
now but we're gonna go to Starbucks
there's just something about being out
alone with the kids running errands it
makes me want to give them treats and go
to Starbucks you want a snowman cookie
everyone's cakepop mommy's gonna get
some coffee because the new baby and my
tummy likes coffee again so we're gonna
go
but
wonderboy
okay guys listen if we hurry we can get
the coal buggy who wants the coal buggy
with the big seats
we got a hurry we want the buggy buggy
guys we did it we made it okay so our
primary mission for being in her parade
is getting our little cousin / nephew oh
is that what you call him yeah that's
right
Noah's the chip Symphony's the cookie
Logan is the butter an Abrams the sugar
is that right and all together they make
up a really delicious cookie look right
here guys which one should we get gave
all these let's get in like a character
that ain't like look like trucks I bet
you would like trucks Abram do you want
to get Noah Scout this is one of the
best gifts you can get a 1 year old
you a ho did I swear by these little
leapfrog pals they help you learn your
name how to spell your name just really
interactive toy I really do love toy
shopping for little kids like hitting
them educational toys it's so much fun
and baby things I just love it it's so
fun to me Abram pig scout from Sam and I
were gonna get him like hopefully his
first little train set okay these are
what I decided on a Percy this one comes
with a Thomas the motorized Thomas
that's what it looks like very basic on
the back and then this one I could fit
them together has a tall little bridge
and like a downward slope I think that's
a pretty good little starter kit for a
one-year-old boy we got symphony
something like this for her two-year-old
birthday but little boys like trains are
far before girls do so let's do it
alright symphonies decided to look at
the cars I'm suggesting stuff like this
oh this is cool sis but that's kind of
big okay you choose then okay and while
we're here I'm gonna be getting this
game this board game for me
oh sweet we got this coconut oil Lisa
from church told me to try it on
Abraham's face I'm gonna give it a try
our overnight stay at Nana's is getting
ready to begin Abram are you ready to go
play at Nana's house this is not scary
at Nana's you goofy boy when Symphony
was this age she loved going to Nana's
we would say it's time gonna need it
should say yay and clap her here there
in the car you wouldn't put your other
boots on on the drive to Nana's we're
gonna open up a few of the packages for
me we have these two from Georgia there
are steep she art she message me and
said she was sending Abram in Symphony
Christmas gifts I think we should put
him under our Christmas tree which we're
putting up at some point this week
symphonies adamant about not doing
nothing I want to think it's fun having
Christmas gifts under the tree from you
guys we could even have like a fun
Christmas vlog where we only open
anyway so we're gonna open up this one
from s bordello right now
okay package number one had some really
cute stuff in it I wouldn't puzzle I'm
assuming for Abram how cool is that it's
like his perfect before his sides are
circles across and from Jenny Heller we
got that we but look how cute my gosh
like they're earphones for the new baby
put them around your tummy and the baby
can hear different music thank you so
much Jenny can't wait to try things out
with my belly gets bigger okay this is
for Madison for Symphony no it's a blind
bag she loves my back
you need help thank you guys so much I
did decide I've beat out all the other
of opinions these are going under the
Christmas tree
hey guys what's up Abram and I both came
back from New York with just like
irritation all over her face look at it
it's really bad
Oh Abram and I both are now putting all
not olive oil but coconut oil our faces
just got severely dried out in New York
pretty crazy Annie and I are gonna run a
date look at all the toys she has out
shows little stations for him so cute
she's a little farm here she had a baby
in there I was gone working with the
Meade's and or cakes and whatever you
want to call it okay we have a little
garage over here pet shop Center and
then I guess Farzin our accessories
Barbie hose
what so off the helping hands guys
helping hands is the place where people
drop off their unwanted goods and I
guess the profits go to charity but
we're here to live for Christmas things
because my mom says they have lots of
Christmas stuff here
and I want to do something cool to my
yard for Kurt Smith something about
decorating the house and lights this
year for the very first time I have hi
look there's one - our car is under by
like ten thousand miles or some over
there we'll try and decide on a
Christmas tree theme what would you guys
suggest
and we can't decide so we thought we'd
bring it to you guys and get some
suggestions from you all what do you
guys doing for your Christmas tree this
year are you doing a frozen theme like
they wanted to do with our tree for
blocking gold doesn't matter suggestion
alright honey so how do you like it
where she hasn't tried yet but this has
been craving for the past like two weeks
two months rather totally craving like
fried seafood like I know you're not so
special
like red beans and rice over here from
12 weeks today so we're celebrating Holi
looks like a
it's so tender I love it Heidi took a
couple bites we had some good food in
New York but nothing has tasted as good
at waiting
what has been your craziness drink as
far as a drink a little bit evening over
here Arnold Palmer
there we go
so good taste like almond joys better to
add to our day we were doing cold stone
for dessert our meal was absolutely
perfect for me and I'm not even pregnant
I'm back on my no sugar diet I might I
might have one or two but I don't think
after this we're gonna go see the 33
about the coal miners who got stuck in
the mine
don't do it Sam
don't do it can't get a mohawk please
we're waiting for a theater be cleaned
and I almost started logging but we're
probably not going to vlog because of
what I just saw god recording devices
are not permitted in this theater
violators are subject to federal prison
guys look what we saw right when we came
home this is just not fair a taxi and a
vacuum in the same area right and
mid-play this is only Abraham's second
time to spend the night away that
Symphony's age when she turned two she
got to spin the night away like every
two weeks I think I was still working
symphonie would like to go to her
grandmother's house and stay the night
sometimes and he doesn't so he doesn't
do it but he is tonight and Nana said it
was going good but I miss them a lot
more than I thought I would you know
usually if you get a break from the kids
you think you know I'm gonna save late
and sleep in I just wish they were back
home anyways we'll see them tomorrow at
our Thanksgiving feast with our gospel
community I am so excited I'm making
mini mac and cheese bites and coconut
strawberry truffles that's right you
heard that I'm making truffles oh wait
the movie the movie was amazing seven
stars out of 10 on imbd but Sam gave it
at eight or nine that right yeah I give
it a 9 an 8 a place I like seven eight
was pretty accurate it was really good I
was into it the entire time is a pretty
long movie how long was it yeah was it
long movie like two and a half hours
long
but it seemed like it kept going but I
didn't mind because it was a really good
story and everything true just made it
that much more enjoyable I agree
Jennifer Lopez was supposed to play the
main girl and she did not because it was
a small movie the main characters the
stories in the movie were kind of like a
compilation of all of the guys stories
like the main characters got played his
daughter played soccer but that story
actually came from another man who was
done in the
that was for dramatic purposes they're
kind of mixed up the stories yeah so
they can have lead characters I've just
seen a good movie in very long time this
one's definitely a good look and I
haven't had a really good dinner in a
long time so we had a good dinner and a
good movie on emotional suspenseful
that's true it was relatable I mean no
I've never known any one second of mine
we'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other we need to start saying that
faster you need mister saying whatever
you slow down no you always slow down
