dad Allah it is he's so colder in charge
good morning a Balaam Wow what are you
saying
he said Haidee said don't say that he is
that what he said sit down don't say
that
say by New York no my new yard is this
sure I'm doesn't wanna leave New York we
neither I love to watch crime scene
we didn't you're right you know why we
chose not to why chose not to because
the previews look scary I think you
would have been terrified and because
there's crazy expensive
word about the drop 150 bucks for those
both of our kids watch Lion King and her
possibly gets scared of it have you read
it there mommy is teasing sissy
why are you perfect
you guys were awesome it's so much fun
with you guys know the tree yeah the
dinner in the dessert love it especially
the way bro
hey Kim a hog Abram give a hug probably
give you a fist bump a firefighter -
feels like nothing around him whites
become a little browner they're so much
fun
mom and daughter goodbye so sad
Bonnie I want to thank you for showing
our family at the dinner table sharing
just get each other buyers across the
table right but it's more than that yeah
but it's kind of my position good I
enjoyed so that's why I call it yeah
that's great we're fitting everybody
wants the Bourbon this is exciting it's
good an airport together shown simply
like really cozy back there my doors
closed
all right
symphonie suckered shell into ridin on a
suitcase I told her no Abram what did
you get huh what kind of car okay fine
tell me what kind of car did you get
buddy I have it everything Patrick taxi
did you ride in a taxi to really bring
thank you appreciate you meeting with me
Wow can you show how does it work Harris
right now we went to one of the shops
down here in Airport and I got my mom
and mug and I let somebody pick out a
bag now find some different Sam's mom
too but I just it all just did not
really look like her hey can I make you
happy
you want to measure the taxi symphonie
how come you're not getting to play with
anything
a new toy right now
and Symphony lost two new toys on this
trip really cool toys yep I let her pick
a magnet you should there mommy can it
hold it if it knows when you probably
lose it should okay I understand
very good logic about it so he's having
trouble managing this bigger backpack
well get up
how did you roll in it sweetie yeah once
you roll it you know one be like Daddy
this guy is ready to pass out lady
I'm trying to look through these movies
and you go to comedy
I think I'm gonna watch them say we're
about to lay in
this is our map we're getting ready to
fly over Paris
we're the last ones off the plane well
not exactly we're related
extrapolate your baby just kept though
it's all over her all over the stuff
like I don't want to do I asked you
right sure that baby's okay if she was
sick Percy I'm on pledge probably just
had spear she said let's go ever go ever
run he said I have my backpack it's
really nice just making quick steps
it's time to say our goodbyes it's not
like we're not going to see them at
church tomorrow but it's just really sad
anyway the main purpose of this trip for
me at least was to get to know beau a
little bit better
Efrain II and get to know she'll because
we look up to their family so it's again
ambassadors and I thought it'd be cool
we went around you know that you're a
winner rounds it's like just like this
returns yeah and said what we kind of
learned about each other like you guys
learned anything at all I learned about
shell that she likes to share food like
genuinely enjoyed this yeah like sharing
food just like a bite off of her food
like like her bite is going to my mouth
oh-hoh learned about mo he hosts pizzas
like his food yeah I learned that the
manners are really easy going in trips
that just kind of agreed to do whatever
and that's a really cool thing for
school quality to have when you have
traveling buddies
Nia is a very easygoing prego
because I have met pregnant women that
are very very particular and she was so
sweet and Sam is very very goofy do I
know that already but you know I just
saw it like how long this trip but it is
fun before Soho no I can't really
control it because I like it I like the
creepiness though it's gonna make it
like hard it is fun cool we had a great
time knocks knocks knocks learned that
he loves Symphony Kong he has fun with
it
you like Symphony these are the
kinetochore mr. I learned that Sam is
awesome
zany good time like take him out on the
Times Square and he's going to run off
take crazy pictures a lot of fun but
then he can also turn around have a
really deep conversation and that's
really cool
and it Leigha kind of holds everything
together like me is kind of a disabled
background of everything what I learned
about shell is I think she's just like
this awesome blend of her parents her
mom is just really sweet and innocent
and her dad is really really outgoing
and very enthusiastic and she'll got an
awesome mixture of both of those so a
little like you're a lot like your
parents and then Bo I would say learn
about Bo is when he speaks he doesn't he
doesn't talk a lot like me I don't ever
like to think about what I'm saying a
lot of time but she comes up I just
speak and Bo he just like he thinks
about stuff before he talks and if any
of he doesn't when he does speak it
usually is something meaningful I think
that's an awesome trades that have like
its feet up back here that's what I
learned about Bo whoo you guys really
yeah we'll see you got that your smile
what are you prepared
oh it's like mom take me there just took
a dump
okay let me get good job buddy days so
proud of you
Abram I got the perfect surprises who
flew into party poopoo in the potty
poopoo in the potty everything good
surprise me for going poopoo for the
very first time
poopoo guys's poopoo glasses when poopoo
yeah hey poopoo guys's that's right you
don't want to stop figured out one and
you get your poopoo glasses
those are your poopoo glasses hey hey
bruh went poopoo in the potty
well we said we were gonna put off potty
training till we got back from New York
and he must have worked
yup started right away I also have this
little book I got it for Sam he doesn't
use it and some stickers we did a
balloon today so every time a promotes
potty he can put a sticker on this
little piece of paper and have a sucker
that'll probably be the routine thing
not a real prize but I'm so proud
somebody changed lyrics on me there this
song well guys I'm just starting on the
after traveling laundry here I'm doing
one load only tonight it's really small
it's like the stuff they sleep with they
with the dowsers and the oliveira family
was amazing and there's just a trip to
cherish a trip to remember we're gonna
get a good night's sleep
we'll go to church tomorrow spend some
time with Sam's mom her birthday was one
of the days while we were in New York so
we'll spend some time with her and we'll
see what else comes our way don't forget
guys we love you and remember to love
each other
Oh
guys I just remember what we left at
home we always forget something every
type of altercation
it wasn't the remote coming
