in Manhattan wherever loudly crosses an
Avenue we call a square you're always
crossing seventh Avenue which is as you
know times where it's kind of bumpy do
humbo good afternoon everybody we're on
the New York sightseeing tour bus with
our besties
well show Xavier honey now Robert though
Luca Merli length this morning did you
go to sleep mainly until pretty much
pretty much returns
rotation a garment district right now
that the gun industry was born in New
York City this is my the soy issues in
been away I know the American boy not
one not the whole time only one two
games to roll their last season
made bolo that's not that easy but the
city has changed more in the last ten
years in the previous 20 biggest change
in Manhattan but it disappears of all
the old epic made with the commercial
districts may on the only epic
neighborhood for instance if you're at
Times Square get out that tour is on
walk over the ninth ninth Avenue III for
359 the heart of Hell's Kitchen like
famous throughout the city the wide
variety in that direct judge will find
there there's a Moroccan restaurant coat
a gene on 9th and 15th Street as belly
dancer basically a night but there's
also Greek Italian Chinese Cuban Tiger
Mexico you know Japanese there's an
Afghani and Iraqi resinize we're headed
to the Chelsea Market there's a really
cool building right here this is a
gallery there's like a little middle
school or other kids are getting out
like a couple girls right outside the
building just smoking we're not very
hard on kids here you can see
a couple girls over there we have almost
arrived at our destination Chelsea
Market supposed to be a large indoor
place where you can eat and the kids can
run around doesn't really look like it
you're looking it looks like that right
there that is it this is where we go in
I don't know about letting the kids run
loose
that's our in December Andrea let's make
them think of us did that industrial all
the way this you would get so many
inspirations for your new office yep
as we combed up your idea right there
your house a wishing well
Cheryl is on a two-port high right now
it's all about the pictures remember
though
should we get the lights in the picture
you are just you to knock the lights
right they probably look better if you
guys got inside
what do you want babe once again guys
Italian food it's more harder just down
yes man thank you so much have a good
day and enjoy drinks got a grilled
chicken panini we're gonna take the
excess off boy you don't like ECLA well
I mean it might be good I just don't
risk it my stomach is really upset this
morning how's the meatballs guys great
do you like a mailroom
because
different my boy okay different comes
can we eat at home yeah they probably
escaped sketti there are also original
Italian meatballs they are we're
chopping off this Italian experience for
some genuine gelato and some original
lattes well as forming Dorado but that's
not that is that's like lemon yes for
mingi apple and check out their mother
whom Bellavia I can't wait to try this
water
oh gosh it's so good wait no you're
gonna like it though
that's espresso straight espresso with
some steamed milk transfer
give me a boost I'm sure so much
chocolate that's a good idea
you like that that's Italian ice cream
it tastes a little different from
regular extra huh mmm ice cream face
gelato okay from men one and the ice
cream right that's not cool I've clean
routine yeah oh that's is obtained okay
let me uh huh
there's just something about this just
turned my day around pretty moody you
guys I wonder what Italian burst of the
gold hi ma'am
I just wanted I know that these are
magnificent oh is that hey sailor
magnifico that's good beauty you to her
floor
we're gonna go check out YouTube we're
gonna go up there killing YouTube like a
cool bow so YouTube it's so official two
grand in the wood this is exciting after
know what to expect but look even a
YouTube button pressing the YouTube
button how cool is that
this way
the first vlogging camera in the world
look at that bow you thought yes it's so
cool oh hi Bo
that's like our phrase you too oh no you
found the cookie jar they're going to
work we're not letting on that for
something else
all lettuce in that space anything but
it sure looks cool beau come on second
let's go try to get a cab we're doing a
New York style guys calling a cab just
if you got to throw your hands up when
you see a cab okay it's a rainy New York
night trying to catch a cab one go to
the 9/11 memorial city you're doing a
great job at this man you can't wait
till there combines good sweetie
working on it
all right finally got a cab off the 9/11
memorial
hey guys enjoying the cab experience
simply isn't it cool this is how people
get around New York forget a buffalo
though what are you doing so cool about
the perfect cab big one look at our
strollers up right there
I was in the fire truck we should want
you prayed buyers to yourself pray for
the families you're so so you thinking
about firefighters
then 9/11 museum was something else man
that definitely was a sobering
sobering museum that's for sure it's
beautifully beautifully done but we're
going to go out to the hotel take a
little breather and then go back out to
eat dinner time in New York City oh he's
going to cheer yeah yes sir husbands are
grounded they're supposed to take care
of the kids oh I guess the lady's goal
today let's go eat y'all we're gonna we
are going to the Duke right across the
street from trash all right open up for
me everybody's got an umbrella even the
kids set me I don't deserve an umbrella
and they're not gonna hold the door guys
guys
these girls are being picky so we are
not eating at the Duke we're going for
the best burger of New York City for New
York again here we go again
you
we're cheese fries on ours
Oh
amen look it's little pork symfony
Graber
Oh
and we made it back home finally guys
finally made it back to the hotel
would you like home mister and you're a
typical me guys I lost my wallet
thankfully I'm so thankful to God that
somebody turned it in
but anyway I was a crazy night the girls
left me with the kids at Shake Shack and
we started to head back home I try to
take it uber but the guy was so lost he
didn't understand English I was trying
to describe to him exactly where I was
that but we had a communication barrier
there so I ended up just walking because
the rain had stopped at that point
anyway so I walked it took me ten
minutes to get here and then uber still
charged me ten dollars that was
frustrating so now the kids are finally
winding down they're watching a movie
while we go to sleep yes they are hi bro
firstly we're going to see a movie not a
quark one good night don't forget we
love you and remember towards you fret
Center pull up each other
now if you ask Manhattanite if they're
married the eyes reply would be
occasionally ha ha ha we have time
checkout sample sale when you're right
if you're here to shop
