good morning businessman somebody right
there - good morning guys
how's everybody dealing second day in
New York City my wife is looking extra
beautiful this morning eyes look at
Symphony's outfit - see you got polka
dots and yellow polka dot do though can
you get us up we can get one outside all
right here's where you going breakfast
yeah this is what we're doing for
breakfast some pastries Sydney's got
Apple Jacks
okay we're going to eat any happy that
part okay I got an apple Danish and
muffin is it good Hallman danish games
very nice cuts I'm gonna get me some
cereal for money there your orange put
in today is a very big pop this is what
you're gonna see what when I sniff you
just say French to us
these people two families
hola
but their babies
and we're doing a little bytes for a
central part What's Wrong buddy
Wow
you got it good job
oh yeah Sam just complimented my gloves
I'm all bundled today guys it's gonna
hot we're at this beautiful playground
in Central Park kasia parks look like
this why don't we go everyday yeah that
playgrounds wasn't for like this we're
headed to a carousel Haberman symphony
on this little bench over here so cute
and now Symphony has gotten both of them
barefoot with their boots off and it's
freezing smart kids babe I know geez
actually this kid doesn't have issues on
either where looks like his mom is cold
all right this is how the girls have fun
in New York that's a cute picture
actually
wow they even put her hands up yeah you
can put your hands up that was brave
courageous my god this guy's be nobody
don't go up there without your shoes hey
squirrel Tiffany found herself a blue
circle are you meditating oh we came out
pretty late so we don't have too much
data I think this is the only thing
we're going to do today is hang out here
at the park we decided since we brought
the kids we're going to try to stick to
doing one thing a day and today at
Central Park and we found a really great
area carousel we haven't even like
followed the map oh we are gonna go
all right let's go to the carousel buddy
did you like that big slide yeah No
she really enjoyed that carousel we are
on literary path because of our literary
poets up there I guess
Shakespeare's back there who's Robert
Burns you know who that is well I do not
I feel like might be a Scottish poet
okay hello knocks passed out look at him
here get up portrait huh
fine he's good
I didn't ask to be seen scared or
through the cold boys made a bunch of
noise
twenty-seven girls yeah do you recognize
the fountain is that the French fountain
there is guys this were the friends
intro right that's what the friends are
there this is it no it's Marilyn Monroe
Skyler what is beautiful capture how
romantic
capture
you have a photo here sweet sickening
does New York very well doesn't she
you'd like a true New Yorker sense found
somewhere to eat it's down the steep
hill right over there on the water you
guys see it over and go have some dinner
they're not supper just dinner
yeah where my pony went away wolves and
tigers run after oh you better go get
her up there tied up right now we'll get
back on her we're gonna go to the
restaurant that beautiful bridge guys
we're eating at the boathouse early
dinner late lunch I don't know what it
is but the movie 27 dresses they had a
scene here where they had dinner in this
restaurant and that means that i am
where james marsden husband that's
pretty exciting I'm a big fan
the guy from 27 dresses what are you
okay oh but you did I did what you do no
no mames that's for sure oh it's so
exciting and also Katherine Heigl I like
her a lot too
see Sam your work Heather nice machine
busy from boom they had like a rehearsal
dinner for someone's wedding but this is
exciting and I'm starving it's exciting
because I'm hungry and because famous
before you
Oh No we were so close to food and
warmth they're closed for a private
event
what do pry me you're so cute
whomp-whomp
I found a zipper collection it was a pre
collection I'm guiding lines started
whoa dude come on okay you all right
good job just wipe it off this is
presented to the city of New York and
it's musical lovers be a music lover
beau so so much what kind of music rap
music oh you have a zipper collection
she said she's starting one thank you I
got a picture already
look at these little baby puppies Oh
yogi
we have a little girl oh yeah oh look at
their booty
they have little rattles on their booty
or drawers ooh how old are they um
they're a year and a half two three yes
good stirs so cute
honor is hi doggy well when there is our
room you done sweetheart
Oh God hey blue puppies oh my gosh I
kind of growled it deep like what's your
name
symphony that's beautiful let's make new
birds for mary had a little lamb let's
throw the old words away like a horse
symphony plays the violin love violin
the violin symphony rest a little bit
less and a little bit faster
Tiffany pays all my a really really good
sympathy plays the violin the violin the
violin everybody wailing really really
gasps what is getting dental work done
and right there for ready to see
can anybody guess what we're having
instead of that fancy spirit off the
phone New York style pizza sent me
there's a difference those banana in
this full time to get the New York food
experience does this get your approval
he renting new or stopping today it
really does it's really big and
different and kind of messy yeah
pizzas here yummy yummy yummy and my
stomach um coming you do that was mine
we're gonna share is this I got a very
unique pizza here that I want to try
hopefully it's tasty looks tasty oh you
got one too I know you're getting that
too mozzarella and I guess that's uh
don't think it's bad basil does get
anything cool they're crazy meat back
she got a veggie
Abram says dad what it says we're ready
for a wonderful day we're back at our
hotel just chillin symphonies coloring
on iPad me and Abram are looking at
books and let's see here
Sam is we're going to computer hot dogs
from the hotdog stand you got this guy
bed he's excited about it you can't have
the phone in the bed crazy guy do you
like your bed buddy no it looks like a
cage he rolled out of the other bed a
couple times last night yeah so what
will you roll you around in the bed does
the roll year-round here Ritchie
there was a Rakhi asleep - okay - over I
finally winding down it's taken a long
time too long Sam is over here still on
the computer working well behind on a
vlog we got her takeout in I heard you
two vlogs today guys cuz I wasn't able
to do the Gorgas because we got home at
like 2:00 called I am I'm just too tired
we woke up late we are going ice skating
at Rockefeller Center tomorrow we're
also going probably on a bus tour around
the city so stay tuned it's give me some
really awesome stuff and if you've never
been to New York or you think you might
never go to New York it's probably gonna
be some really cool stuff for you to see
on our vlog tomorrow I'm pretty excited
to share it with all of you in the
meantime don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
