hi Madison today I'm gonna be doing from
Penn State and the character is roses
the pencils yeah outside in online some
of the coronation symbols so let's start
sharpening our councils this one is
going to be blue you can see how in the
UM breath
telling this part comes off because
there's a little part right there where
you can see it and you just yeah the
pencil you might want to hold it under
the trash or a bag set so that um paper
part won't get everywhere we're gonna
have to continue the video later because
we're going to New York
bye guys thank you for watching so
please what hey beautiful kitty of
course you can't forget your curling
iron straightener
kids are all packed up ready to go to
the airport
and I'm feeling like we over packed
again don't tell me I told you this guys
but I feel like we packed for whether
that's going to be like really cold
which we did and it's really not going
to be that cold just doing one last run
through the house making sure we don't
forget anything
k√ºbra the piano hmm
I kind of want to bring my chair to a
lot of last-minute decisions to make a
good ago you already go to New York
No yeah who's coming to the airport with
us
oh yeah Moe's cover good night New Year
where we brought this home from symphony
on our first trip to New York City you
kick here who's ready to go to New York
City
baby are you excited this is April's
first time in a big boy thief look at
this big boy
so good to be on back solid land out of
the cars out of the airplane feels
really good really fun our kids have
done amazing they are plane ride was
smooth although Abram it leaked his
diaper we had to change it right away
I'd dried his diaper underneath the wow
you know dryer and our bathroom you'll
step up into our bathroom getting to the
hotel though I typed in the wrong
address little car driver was like no
you show me a dress you got a little
your taters I don't let you get touched
twice you take me Cooper Isis really
good fruit like what the hell you do you
pay to I go one you say what I go one
you say I go it's pretty cool guys New
York so far is lit up for Paris and all
these different spots as we can show
them that downstairs but
opteka eat mr. Lee ladies this is Vanya
shows mom hi there's bow and O so I
guess we're going to go eat at the
Rockefeller where we're going
hey young man real New Yorkers guys
everybody's in a hurry in New York City
this is exactly the reason why we said
we would never bring your kids to New
York we have gone up and down like three
stairs already three different flights
of stairs not to go up another one we
got it teamwork you like that bumpy ride
we're symphony today we're at dinner
Rockefeller Center
right on the ice rink we get to watch Q
to fall on me yeah that's the famous
statue 2003 oh yeah what's it go boom
you know it's called what's the statue
called I know
the rockefeller man's diving
horizontally to escape jumping in front
of bullets Lesley Viper could be jumping
on a bullet to save the president there
it is guys a Rockefeller Christmas tree
isn't it beautiful it's beautiful do
they actually carry that in here or is
it growing there
it's carried here by crane okay
look at that it's crazy it's like it's a
little building looks a finish the NYPD
in that cool it's the police of New York
all right guys we made the Times Square
everything is really awesome here and
bright and exciting but the best part so
far by far is McDonald's God look at
that look at that it's a mighty M isn't
it beautiful
the doughnut in on the step I wanna kiss
you and McDonald signing just awesome
that's romantic
that is the way better back here all
these like dressed ladies back here I'm
not always gonna haul weight back there
and the cutest thing at Times Square
Abram this guy with a Mickey Mouse
nothing to say now free
the biggest kid in the toy store is
statues of a liberal tears awesome shoes
what see many
that's funny they have a badge exposed I
work for tips that kind of ruins the
holeshot dollar makes me move
look at this huh whoa look at this guy
oh sweet
I don't know if I trust these people
dressed up as characters that spider-man
kind of freaks me out a little bit
no thank you
hey what's this guy doing oh he just
wants Olaf he just wants Olaf if you
guys don't mind thank you he just wants
Olaf Oh buddy
crazy yeah smile Olaf Olaf smile to get
Minnie running up on Symphony they're
like oh money she money look at him just
running up on them I like this oh my
gosh Oh scared you guys come out of our
feet on me though oh my gosh five girls
are playing in the M&M store chocolate
and Spice Girls all at the same time in
New York
that's a pretty cool deal right there
we're in M&M store
Eminem's up everywhere Symphony and M&M
jar to keep all of our Eminem's at home
good deal
a minimal that means you get eminem come
on baby come on
that's yours okay hey just one sample
dude I want to sample
what three times of chocolate
the first sugar however I get for sure
ground asses who made that agreement is
it really all on camera that's the first
like sweet Wow good job definitely not
the first time for me Sam came there was
this time on Halloween
oh yeah these are really cool Darth
Vader mixed Luke Skywalker Princess Leia
Chewbacca neck so they cool these are so
pretty
that's lightsaber makes I'll I brought
the fence colors those are cool colors
our day is over as a very fun day I'm
not even sleepy yet yeah right I should
be like 10:30 for us but it's actually
11 through here they're coming home with
some Eminem's robot Symphony a couple
dolls take a really sweet I mean you can
all be warned anyway guys so come along
with us New York has been awesome so far
this wasn't a scheduled trip for us at
all so we're just here kind of doing
whatever they want to do and it's
actually pretty nice but we'll see you
guys tomorrow don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
Oh
for their nest
