hi guys
he's trying to hide anytime so work your
highness stretches elbow try so hard to
hide it
how are you Lenny was taking orders over
your life like it's happy to see like
people are you gonna eat with the spoon
no that's what tourists for eating your
eggs with took a break in this for a tea
you can just guys I know Nina said I was
cranky this morning but she's wrong I'm
not chef Enosh doing that he's mad I'm
not crazy
doesn't matter by him or not we did a
lot of drivers running out like
breakfast the moment I wake up I had to
send out to it the past hour and a half
or two hours three hours simply just
extra beautiful this morning
this is something about I guess it's a
shirt or her attitude
oh it's that too and a little Flyway
it's your beautiful eyes - you're going
to miss this at a - I'm sure gonna miss
you are you in baby mode right now
yeah that's not daddy's little baby girl
thank you sir
thank you for the food hey thank you for
the food good job
how's everybody's food too good to be
true
Aaron seems like his Thomas enjoy hers
where's mine my patience is really being
tested on this job and I'm okay with
that
I'm great I'm very much okay with it
it's something I've actually been
working on anyway my croissant was cold
inside like cold not just like not warm
but it was very cold I was like I should
have been to McDonald's
did I mention what a beautiful day it is
not here today guys can you say a beaut
beautiful day Hey without a puppy we're
gonna take her home with us willing to
take her home and feed her and give her
some tummy rubs daddy
Mme I don't want her to get my puppy did
what happened snap out of it it's a
beaut beaut now this is the same area we
know after he's had food in his stomach
singing and putting the kids in the car
happily no fair
we're gonna miss you I hope you know
we're making a big sacrifice lancet me
stay here thank you
cuz I'm gonna miss her too though one of
the last times you drop Symphony on that
last time the time before she cried
hysterically to come home and that's
never happened that's the first time
right now four years
Sharon called us to come back and get
her wishes yeah you're right that's just
never happened she's always been really
secure in the moon she got in a car she
said I was afraid you were gonna have
the baby and go to the hospital without
me it's so cute I guess she's kind of
nervous that couldn't have to do with a
miscarriage or I'll have to do it I
don't know maybe sure the thousand have
no my tummy's dismal I think we had been
talking about it in the car
can we have him baby yeah it's crazy
it's my new hairstyle you guys like it
it's my new emo look we're headed home
guys we found a really cool garage sell
lots of different stuff does a canoe out
here they said there's even a prom dress
for so I can't wait to check that one
out I would love to get a canoe guys I'm
he's so fun that was too big though I
would have no way to hold that around
but one day I want to get a canoe and do
something like that on the waters but
here's the garage so it's pretty nice
huh thank you that it's a percolator I
bet you even think about getting one of
these we're asking whether at Makaha
suitcase yeah but just not a suitcase
would even help the bar one lady just
ordered a read for me that
a certain type of cancer and their
symbol as a butterfly no sinking how am
I going to find a lightweight butterfly
I could paint it the color like painted
well like brush over this part here the
color where did you see happy Halloween
that guy has a skull I'm not gonna shirt
everyone's going to have BL mean happy
Halloween
so got a canoe height working new owners
air percolator
working new owners and a percolator
owner my rims up said that daddy threw
that over onto his window it's okay
daddy's gonna put the canoe on top oh
yeah there's a boat on top of our car
right now don't go canoeing with Daddy
yeah yeah where am I going to take this
canoe I'll tell you where there's a
little pond up here at our golf course
I'm thinking about dragging it up over
there and just kind of paddling around
that people hit balls over my head
I've always wanted a canoe and I cannot
pass up this good deal he went down to
$150 look these up brand new it about
2,000 like I already said it needs new
seats which is not a big deal at all and
it'll give me a reason to go do this you
know I have a commune now I have no
excuse not to go canoeing just excited
look how big it is it's a good one it's
a really good one awesome packing is in
full force
couch potato boy hey he just woke up
from a nap
check out this cute outfit for me and
symphony we have two outfits for New
York that are new matching they're
slightly different like mine is navy
blue and white with mustard and hers are
black and white with them less mustardy
yellow isn't that cute we're gonna
pretty much a match I'm excited about it
your dog does anybody want a dog anybody
at all come back over here come on Annie
hey doggie come on
together cute come on Annie come back
yeah come on yeah whoa nice jump
come on whoa good jump girl look at this
dog look at you you got too much energy
for us you crazy dog
all right so we leave for New York
Monday
I gotta solve this problem before we go
maybe puts a barbed wire up unless one
of you have a genius idea mayor Karen
apart this fence they just love each
other too much too much too much she's
not jumping over the chain-link part of
the fence maybe because it's sharp up
here Sam thinks he's got some master
packing going on in here
when in reality I packed and folded the
normal and I had just as much space
although I will say it looks pretty nice
he thinks it's going to keep his callers
from getting smash but I think it's
going to just smash them right down we
shall see yeah New York I am Superman
yeah yeah my kid she said mommy Superman
what yeah
see we're missed we're all packed up
Sam's pretending around like asleep oh
yeah yeah yeah weird Church in the
morning we're teaching symphonies class
so we're gonna help miss another Sunday
around two Sundays in a row
on Sunday we miss church cuz we were
camping there's a long drive and it was
just too hard to get out of there in
time yep that's true take down anything
we helped load up stuff but anyways
it'll be fun but thankfully they record
all of them and they post them all on
YouTube it's true so we can easily watch
the sermon that we missed yeah that's
true because yesterday I did want to
clarify when I said that um he doesn't
know what he wants to clarify yes sir
yesterday when I said that um yesterday
when I said that um Sam yes Leigh mm-hmm
so goofy
get up everyone of course is that all
right guys we're too tired to keep
thinking we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget we love you remember to love each
other
we shall just
