good morning tell me what you're doing
my homework right now what homework is
that reading her readings I'll let you
do is click the arrow to go to another
page and then for it to talk touch the
other area look at the picture normal
pointing to now what is it a picture of
hey duty hey get over here go into
tunnel that's a tiny town for a tiny man
Nina I decided last night that Abram is
a lot like Andrew and that he's very
loud when he talks
we don't know where does not ever you
just feel the needy
what stand up stand on my back stand up
you can do it my feet yeah show the
views were you painting this morning
symphony
sure it's beautiful leave this guy's I
just was amazed by it
come on she had a beautiful pink cross
and what was it for Oh what is that by
his dick yeah yeah I guess so
this morning when I got Abramov his
first thing was cheek her cheek hurt it
was so sad their cheeks to hurt buddy it
does where does it hurt all right we're
getting started on dinner I am preparing
the scalloped potatoes I've never made
scalloped not scalped scalloped
scalloped potatoes as a scalloped
scalloped scalloped like galloped
potatoes and they decided to make this
steak bomb rice and beans so that's what
we'll be cooking for our very special
guests today me and I just had a small
debate is there a difference between the
red onions and regular onions because I
cut up a red onion or a purple onion I
guess and she said you know what have
you ever had scalloped potatoes with red
onion cuz I don't think so I was like I
mean is onion right not all tastes the
same
so right now we're starting with butter
and the onions then I'm gonna add some
more recipes here in a minute
that one's calling for a baby one baby
but what side Bailey should I use the
large smaller medium do we chop off the
bay leaf yeah you put it in there hole
you should read it
discard bay leaf and transfer potato
mixture oh sorry
potatoes progress sweet progress we're
doing pretty good over here for dinner
like it's gonna be done before they get
here I don't know oh yeah that's true
I love red peppers look how pretty they
look there you go did you put cheese in
here whoa our pots getting filled up
pretty perfect
Tommy's making rice so how this works is
you serve this over the rice well then
in this simmer a little sooner
and there's our scalloped potatoes just
hope our guests are going to be
impressed that's all I really care about
okay make it on your book and can't
forget about she's my first time to wear
this trixin shirt and I think I ruined
it just finishing up my creme brulee
putting a layer of sugar on it I also
like to add some brown sugar on top of
that Oh No
so chunky that was a problem maybe I
should put another cup first
our special guests are running late so
I'm gonna go try my new arrow with my
homemade bow you guys ready you wanna
try my bow so cool
go get it everyone get out of the grass
dude excuse me
go get a symphony bring it to dad dad
okay can you fill me I'm going to shoot
towards the house this would actually go
a lot further if the string was pulled
in some more because that space from
here to the string is so wide I can only
pull the arrows so far but it works
really good this is fine it's right
there all right you guys ready to see
your VIP guests are all dredges thank
you guys doesn't perform hungry
oh we gotta heat up the food because
they very special people to us Ethan
Amanda Macy and I made a creme brulee
for heat yeah I'm on a no sugar diet so
are you impressed just by the looks of
it he very impressed
awesome awesome score that's all I was
hoping for you to be impressed first
time you've ever impressed me
that's fine yeah yeah least I've done it
once I'm cool that and then you're
supposed to put some yummy advance this
is pretty funny they bring their own
cokes cuz they know we don't drink cokes
I feel kind of bad about that Heath look
like I let you guys down
real nail salon I hope you're okay with
this Heath and your dog drinking a diet
coke before bed what right you are
I thought he knew look at all these cute
toes well they like the food the
potatoes were a big hit these things
were deliciousness most of this was gone
I think the meat was a little bit too
fried he feels good there was a lot you
like in her is it really good yeah
there's coffee and a coffee extract and
vanilla so it's a specialty of mine say
creme brulee if you want another bite
you have to say creme brulee mine's all
gone say creme brulee all right got a
hold it like this say hi guys
trying to figure out do we like his
pants rolled up or down he handed likes
him down but I think I like fine hold up
especially since we've been so wet out
lately I'm serious as a heart attack you
guys heard that my mom used to say that
a lot growing up dinner was delish
I did not care for the potatoes though
and I'm not saying that to complain I'm
just saying I've had a lot of scalloped
potatoes growing up and Helen she just
makes these amazing scalloped potatoes
and these didn't taste like it nothing I
thought there it tastes amazing yeah
everybody loved him I just had my heart
set on what whatever I thought it was
gonna be and it wasn't when you get your
mind set on something as a pregnant
person and you've been sick so like this
is one thing sounds good and then it's
not that it's like really Sam's creme
brulee was top-notch we were in a
dessert bar we would have an order we
would have had the top-shelf creme
brulee I named it the Sam brulee because
it was his own specialty with coffee and
vanilla cream and all this stuff where
do you like this it's always worth it to
have a messy house after you have
friends with kids come over is such a
blessing teeth brushing time in here
somehow it's out where it is we really
love the Aldridge's they've become good
friends of ours it's funny because when
we first started going to this church I
could never have imagined having people
over at our house I used to blog about
it I would be so shy to have people from
our church over to our house but it's
just so comfortable nice having friends
over and just being relaxed and free
with them I love it I'm glad that we've
made such good friends god we've made
like friends of a lifetime in this place
if any of our viewers or any of you our
viewers family or anybody you guys know
is involved in the parachuting that's
going on or that did just went on I
think like 150 people are so far
announced dead you guys are in repairs
I'm everybody involved the whole
situation you guys are definitely in my
prayers we just live in an ugly ugly
world man it's just a reminder how
fragile our lives are how we just never
know when some fool is just gonna come
in and wipe us out we just we have to be
ready you have to be ready for those
days the thing that gets me when I
started thinking about you know why do I
spend my time on earth getting to know
God the thing that always I guess sets
me back on track is I'm gonna be dead a
lot lot longer than I am alive so I
better be preparing for what comes next
instead of what's happening now as we
are just weird vapors but um yeah you
guys are in my prayers we love you guys
don't forget that and remember to love
each other I'll see you tomorrow
and this
