good morning guys Abram and I are headed
out to do some errands I have one wreath
here to ship out typically I only ship
out once within a week's worth of time
but the holidays that the holidays and
make as many trips as I can just because
I want people have their rates on time
for their get-togethers their family
dinners and all on that note this way
this way can you come to that button
from other clothes oh my gosh it's
Veterans Day oh my goodness I forgot
seriously leave it to me to forget
something like that laughing at me
well Abram you want to go get some lunch
Tamar Savannah come on he loves that
post office but kind of bad for him just
come right in come on let's go get lunch
I'm so appreciative for all the
sacrifices that have been made you know
that time away from your families and
your homes your friends and especially
just want to say thank you to my family
all of the uncles in my family like my
uncles my great uncle's great great I
mean pretty much all of them and my
grandfathers have served in some way or
another in battles and in different Wars
like such a dummy I didn't realize today
was better in today I can't believe I
went to the post office on a day where I
have was having morning sickness I was
just so focused on getting this wreath
out some of you guys like my beard some
you guys don't so I'm thinking about cut
this side and leave this side you know
going in like this vlog from this angle
see the people who don't want to see me
with all that hair in my face can watch
that part and then for people who do
want to see the part where I do have a
beard they can watch the next half so
I'll just log everything twice so I'll
just log everything twice everyone
actually just woke up from his nap Abram
actually just woke up from his nap hey
Dukey yeah a towel
we what we need is a wife no I was a
nurse I don't think is ever too early to
teach your kids about you know what the
private parts are called
so that's how Abram has called his P
penis and Nia was like don't tell him
that he'll keep saying it don't tell him
that
so honey he needs to know what is parts
are called what is it P V me he says a
little slur but now he thinks I'm
talking about like going P P so they say
so he goes poop sometimes they'll say
poo poo nest P penis so he's all
confused maybe there is a time to early
to teach your kids about their private
parts I don't know what do you guys
think on that it's a very it's a very
sensitive topic but here at the seminary
channel we're not afraid of much of
topics you guys know that but I think
one of the most important reasons on
telling your kids what their parent
parts are called
you know as early as possible at the
time they start speaking and so they can
communicate with booty pain or just so
you know exactly what they're talking
about it's a communication thing peanut
butter take a break
oh come on you almost did it that's
peanut butter you like peanut butter I'm
trying to change these kids snack habits
yeah yes I am take a bite take a little
bite dude please take a bite okay don't
dip it in peanut butter
go and dip chicken in pinbar I'm just
doing however this would be the perfect
pregnancy craving peanut butter and
celery where are you mom huh are you
sleeping
morning sweetie don't you previously
snack I figured you weren't like it and
that was kind of a joke bite see if you
like it
I just love neo so much and I just love
for parking skills look who's home from
school everyone it's Elsa she wore this
all day long she said she never took it
off I dressed her in her uniform I even
put like shorts on her Sam did that but
we left her in that and fed her a little
outfit over it thank you she wouldn't
yeah yeah yo yo
she's a flashlight she's probably
feeling really depressed right now I
don't know if dogs feel like humans but
human people probably get really
depressed when they have history you
don't like it what you don't like it
it's for her yeah
oh it has a boo-boo that's the professor
from licking or band-aid that's a big
band-aid hi yo we know we're gonna hear
a lot of suggestions from you guys so
might as well just welcome them bring
them on what do we got to do for
daughter just got spaded it's bad it's
actually spay it I always thought of
spaded it's fayed well looky here and
you got a red cup from Starbucks I can't
help but reminded of the blood of Jesus
every time I see this Cup
I'm thankful the Starbucks says I like
to go there with my friends from church
and drink coffee and you know study at
the Bible and this is just such a great
reminder you know why were even able to
do that the blood of Jesus Christ
thank you Starbucks it's one more time
for the Raiders guys oh man you're so
dirty that's embarrassing he's usually
not
dirty here oh yes we keep you playing
real families now let's not do doctor
work because I think she'd be more
interested in something to eat right now
that's what Jimmy would eat those I
don't think we should get those let's
pick one of these bones like a big jumbo
pork bone how about one of these two
cute you shouldn't be safe you shouldn't
be saying it better just say oh gosh
always saying oh goodness oh good job
buddy
he's not but it's just so cute yes we
have some very special guests coming
over tomorrow a house and Nia and I are
here at Walmart to prepare for that very
special guest okay and I'm gonna make
creme brulee for all you nan cooks out
there did you guys know that they carry
superfine sugar is something I learned
about while I'm learning to do creme
brulee I've read so many recipes in one
person say you should get the superfine
sugar because it burns away easier
creates a better crust a thinner a
thinner brulee
no yeah prelate is that like get her
dressed as mushrooms any people are
picky about my food this one called
skirt steak with roasted
sounds really good roma how weird this
is kind of ironic garden over here the
devil's pitchfork in the vegetable aisle
I bet somebody purposely did I came over
here for the pickles vegetables
what'd you get symphony music runs over
here show gave us blood
but we only have three days either we're
going to you know we're a few days yeah
we'll take some cuties no no no not
those cuties these this cutie
we want this cutie yes are we out of
cuties we're plenty of cuties you have 1
Q 2 Q 3 Q T and I guess according to
Walmart first guys is like going to
Walley world but no I like to call it
Walley world because we have so much fun
here time to go as a whole family you go
along for them as much fun so Sam has
said no more fruit snacks right kids I'm
time introducing created things that
oh cheese pineapple mango in Phoenix
yeah get on let's try not don't love
those I'm sneaking away from the grocery
area whiny it picks out a side dish to
get me something everyone once open the
snacks before we get home and I just
won't have it I could teach this got
some patience I've been working on
patience and I gotta get my son some
patience - there they are that's where
our arrows so as I was just saying guys
I Tony we need to start teaching every
patient starting with not letting him
opening snacks at the store I suggested
to take a poll while we're in Walmart of
like let's just ask the moms and dads in
passing your kids were crying and they
wanted to snack while you're trying to
do all your saying
would you do it or open it or not chips
because people are doing it doesn't mean
it's a good thing but we can take a poll
if you are if you were shopping with
them like this and they were impatient
and making the trip a little harder
would you open a snack for them to make
the trip a little more clubs
would you make them wait in division
year something to keep but would you
open up a snack I would know would you
open would you would you open like chips
or something you would shoot they wanted
to snack to make the trip a little more
easy would you open it for them or no
you'd open the snack in the store before
you actually purchased it yes okay you
have two kids your kids will want to say
if you were shopping with them and they
were getting impatient you on a mission
do you do that already you know a little
cheese ball oh you just keep the wrapper
and pay for it later or no he actually
brought it in but what would you open
something before you bought it before
you bought it before you bought it with
you're trying to kid
teacher kid patience you have to see
something and I wanted right away in the
woods they get home yeah I see it
doesn't count but what do you see from a
parent perspective what would you say if
I was a parent I would probably make
them wait
yes do you let your kids open snacks
before they actually buy them in the
store you'd let him open snap iron her
yes
well good for her you guys on that arrow
that I bought at Walmart just now the
whole time I was thinking I better keep
a close eye on this thing because it's
gonna be very easy to forget in the
basket and I actually forgotten a basket
that went through my head several times
even while I was loading the car
my mind is crazy I think I'm losing it
guys I think some of you are starting to
be right I think I'm really starting to
lose it oh you go are you this time I'll
just boom feet it can you feet Oreo oh
man yeah
Oreo needs a fork symphony or your needs
a foreclosed house she gonna reach for
food the cone on can you get her a fork
well Abram said she needs a fork yeah
we'll just take it off while she eats oh
man oh wow look at this one win the
lottery here right guys I got my creme
brulee going water boiling there's the
creme that I'm with a real Madagascar
vanilla bean in there now I have to
temper the yolk mixture with the cream
and you do that slowly because you don't
want the eggs of cook
now it's time to get this crib about can
you guys see me in the reflection of the
pot yeah Kenya just poured in them like
this did you see my Instagram post you
did it was he said did by the way I saw
his idea by those awesome way of looking
at this whole debacle the red cup guys
in Starbucks it's crazy what's such a
big deals that come to this red cup that
Starbucks his name just kinda can't make
sense of it that you know it's actually
Christians that are upset about the cup
doesn't make a lot of sense to me ya
know I feel like they're pretty like did
Starbucks have you have control of
Christmas to begin with no like I know
yeah in fact I thought my cup was cute
and Sandy had gotten a white cup and
although I got the cute Christmas cut I
still think it's a Christmas Cup I mean
like I worked in retail I'm like there's
always something different you can do
when it comes to marketing and I mean
Starbucks might not have even been
thinking you know what we're not gonna
have Christmas this year they still made
a red cup at Christmastime and maybe
they just want like a basic smooth look
to it I feel like it just honestly has
nothing to do with anything I don't
think that they took it away because
they don't want Christmas around I don't
think they take it away because they
don't want Jesus around I mean I don't
think it's anything I think it means all
nothing it's just they decided to have a
basic sleek-looking Cup this year maybe
what do you guys think is Starbucks
plotting against Christmas are they
trying to ruin our holiday season let us
know in the comment section below
guys we hope you guys have a wonderful
day don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
