good morning everyone good morning guys
it's just me and bubby today he was
supposed to be snuggling me but he's up
being hyper I woke up this morning with
my morning sickness was pretty heavy so
we're just kind of chilling taking it
easy on the couch because we have recess
at Symphony School in a little while so
so I always try to take it easy that the
morning before I have recess because
we're not allowed to sit down during
recess even though you're pregnant and
sick not allowed so anyways we're going
to do that the weather is gorgeous today
so I think the kids they'll get to play
outside it I think they've had to play
inside it quite a bit it's been rainy
and cold but we'll be outside on the
playground hey hey ah I'm very lucky
Abraham's shares of mommy's morning
sickness snack
what is that abram odd o'clock yeah yeah
yeah you want to write an airplane soon
the big man huh we're headed to the
playground
I got Sadie and Ivy hey sandy and I did
recess did you on the same day we have
the same shift I got is these really
cool cups created to shine with gold
polka dots on it I have coffee and I
made her spark I never like offered your
drinks resentment no I do want something
finding some crazy do it day yeah
hey are you taking care of a brown
monkey Mauro you look so sweet where's
your mom hey why'd you take it off
no just fell off boom my monkey bars
I brought Abram a little lunch to eat at
recess today is that good
you're a cute did you have fun sliding
we're home naps have been had snacks
have been eaten and now it's time to go
back and take up symphony and I can't
find the car keys
they were both up and he seemed to not
be feeling too good he had diarrhea and
he was really whiny so he is staying
home with Daddy how was your day thank
you
we're gonna go to tinker sanding cup
there's no symphony and I are here doing
hanging my gagging oh no way my nephew
Noah
Sam's oldest brother David is gonna turn
one in just a few weeks I don't know how
much clothes I'm going to get him
because his mom and dad like to dress
him up a lot too I'm wanting to get him
little toys and but they're having a
good sale here apparently so why not
just check it out you know me here we
are look at this I can't wait to have
another baby so little all these little
soft things I'm so excited
knightly visit to Hobby Lobby here all
the time seems like
I'm here for six flowers today that's it
I know last time I was like I'm just
getting this amendment and I went
overboard
I'm literally only getting six flowers
today
I'm making to fall wreaths tonight I'm
almost done with my fall orders and I
want like I think I like this color I
need something that I can pair with a
green and gold I was singing like a
darker Brown where this tan color might
be better to put with the the orange
that are just enough gonna pop that more
fun tonight I need three more but I
don't know what color ticket okay I got
them I'm done I'm going to check out I
decided on these tan dark tan burlap
flowers don't know what kind of father
Harwich that is like a big carnation or
some minor carnation but anyways now
we're gonna go grab some pizzas and head
over to GC it's Tuesday night we're
meeting with our group at Mike and Jen's
house so we'll see you think they're
here we're late come on we're late no we
just put it best in 182 okay daddy
did you actually get six hi come on
buddy
with something like E we got a party up
there
five more minutes oh here oh come on
five more we're sorry
oh you mean a little bit of everything I
thought there was another part there oh
good cookie come on get a cookie pochi
come on scoop stairs go take your shoes
off
yeah okay
my buddy what no I don't think so
thank you the cookie who told you to
take it
no I said take one take two stairs
Abram go upstairs buddy sure you gotta
go upstairs okay okay sissy wait up
everyone's coming go Abram make sure he
doesn't come out Symphony K the kids
were staying while we do our Bible study
downstairs
what are you guys watching he bought in
Sherman all right well you guys have fun
sip it it'd be good everybody's quiet in
here hope didn't ruin that for you
you guys know Timmy Timmy has a new name
for me now Oh
sit down Olsen you can totally sit in
the chair I'll sit in the chest sat down
that branch here over was a pizza in my
hand and so right on the edges and the
whole thing does that completely claps
under me it wadded up on me Oh symmetry
old sitting chair
remember people used to say that all as
compact high school memories yeah so
funny Tim you out buddy logon he's
logging is a gem attorney
blogging the kitchen category surely
it's time to roll South African sir
Bobby these over your chit chatting it
up with Jenna I can't ever remember your
name I'm first I don't know what he is
what is it she was the bunny on
Halloween and some of our viewers are
like I got money
oh yeah yeah there's the bunny on
Halloween guys she's actually married to
this guy over here how do you feel about
guys on her Channel Connor why coming
for you just humble book back off
what's up Lucy nothing it's it's
grown-up stuff you wouldn't understand
if you guys work well last time we
brought about Lucy I was challenging her
to get a to grade and her behavioral
behavioral chart
she's getting fours and threes which is
kind of average a little bit above
average
I challenged her getting stupid you do I
gotta watch you got a 1 that's the best
philosophy good yeah but I'm not getting
in here
WC want to say something I want to look
at your face better no no it's so good I
was like
I'm gonna get him Baba but I was going
to you I thought I've never got a bad
walk I'll get to crush their so y'all
take the trusty oh the crust is too
thick you don't have enough to convoy
yeah Junior Omar knock over he does
karaoke like professional karaoke the
pizza is all gone they even made it
little pizza bites open the New York
next week guys with these people and mr.
bone we're all taking a plane together
to New York I'm so sorry we've done that
with our whole family but Cody this is
Cody guys y'all some pizza you want some
pizza Cody don't get it off the table
what a good doggy
can i rewarder whoa yeah it does we
should got them praying as a girl we had
a large prayer time and just giving
thanks and also recognizing the benefits
of community what something like that's
up why are my kids the last one in a
movie you're watching a movie oh nice
jump you miss Lily over here is working
on her homework
you look so studious what is it history
project history and watching the kids at
the same time multitasking what yeah
thanks for watching by the way here we
go you ready to go down the stairs right
Wow you say no daddy but he's not
struggling to get out come on it'll be
fun
yeah all right fine give me what you
can't wait to scare we we got to cut
this guy's hair my gosh yeah we have to
man let's get crazy all right guys we
made it home time to get the kids in bed
Nia's working on Abram and I'm working
on Symphony and we're going to get this
done nice and smoothly oh hey yeah say
teamwork kinguin good job dude
Oh what come here show the viewers that
sit up are you gonna be a big brother
yeah
no yes are you gonna be a big brother
yeah where's the baby where's the baby
out under yeah where show me show me put
to my baby like that they're moving that
little finger right there he also did
something really smart today you guys we
took communion at our I told him where
it was that we took communion at a
gospel community night and they had like
clumps of bread at the end of the night
everyone was already done and there were
two big pieces in one little one but the
little one was not that much smaller
than the big ones but it was noticeable
and Abram was asking for a piece of
bread and I said okay buddy you can go
get it we get the smallest one get the
one that's small and you went right over
there and looked at them and pick the
small one was so proud of yeah it's
great
pee-yew this girl on to tan before you
guys start making fun of me and my new
vest yes I worked a third day in a row
because I just really like this vest I'm
proud of it okay it fits the weather
right now where it's kind of cool kind
of hot and you know kind of fits my
beard everybody call me let me die
they said lumberjack or truck driver I
preferred lumberjack hey guys we're home
from our GC everyone's asleep actually
I've been working on a wreath I'll show
you guys here in a minute but I just
kind of wanted to recap rgc tonight was
so good we went around and talked about
or prayed about things or thankful for
people were thankful for and what it
really means to be in gospel community
and man I'm just so grateful for our
community I can't express that enough I
know we say it a lot but it's just so
important to be in community it's just
something that we really all need we all
need it I grew up in church and I loved
the church families that we had but it
really wasn't like community it wasn't
like reaching out and and digging in
other people's lives and making a
difference in their lives just by your
presence in your prayer in your care and
it's just it's it's so good just we love
it but anyways um how cute is this
little raccoon you get polka-dots and
orange and burlap I just really like it
I think is so adorable and just know
what should I call it somebody named it
for my Etsy shop thanks for coming along
with us today we'll see you all tomorrow
I don't know exactly what we have
planned I'm trying to think but anyways
we'll be doing something fun and we will
see you there
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
but then mr.
for amnesty
