good morning guys me and amber I'm here
I'm gonna put Jama buddy hey buddy say
good morning hi yeah we are at Sandy's
house we're picking her and Kade up and
we're gonna go get some stuff for
Symphony Acuff it's Homecoming Week at
their school she's a nurse today for
career day if you go on my Instagram
near girl 9 you'll see pictures of that
of her outfit for today she looks
adorable she has a nurse outfit on and I
gave her Sam's old badge and um we put a
picture of her on there it looks kind of
legit looks really cute tomorrow that
was like homecoming day I guess and so
they're wearing their school colors and
we're mums and little garters that you
pinned on so sandy and I are gonna go
get stuff to make little mini mums a
month for Cup anyway so it's so so so so
excited for the favorite here instead of
putting like an animal mascot with you a
big s and just put like sparkly ribbons
their colors so they're saying she's
coming out so yeah it's exciting it's
gonna come help me pick out stuff for it
Starbucks run they finally have my drink
last time I was here they did not have
it and I love salted caramel mocha even
in my pregnancy what are you gettin okay
do you need coffee here you're excited
let's see it
Walmart time you can do it sandy got it
you can do it yes Sandy's here on it I
got it so you got it the bear
okay we're mumming it out mummies mum's
getting mum okay I don't show you guys
ribbon I picked these two big ribbons
and how like usually mums would have
like footballs hanging down I got bows
these are my little ribbons so I got
sparkly white can you see that there we
go
I like I put that one Sandi's is so
manly looking for tough and manly who
are do want that one is there green
paper um let me see your necklace I'm
looking good buddy we're gonna put these
on the mums - I've changed my color
scheme doing this now okay our gum / a
garter making station is ready so far
this is Symphony's look at cuffs Andy is
doing so good over here it's done I
wrote her name over here on the side you
don't see it very well it says Symphony
though mm-hmm
got the carnation more bows I definitely
have to clean up all that hot glue his
cuffs done let's see hmm
wait nope it's covering up yeah pieces
done - so cute and also I was making
bows to go on the thing and I made one
for symphonies hair there's a little too
big isn't that cute it'll match it like
this part of motherhood is like so
exciting and so fun all these themed
days like tomorrow she has another thing
day tomorrow's like red white and blue
day or or fairytale day or something
it's also exciting is okay can you say
please open please give that he called
open dippin say open well thanks very
good oh what's your name
good afternoon fam basic man we had such
a blast camping we didn't vlog yesterday
there's a third day camping the checkout
time was 2 o'clock but we ended up
leaving around 12:00 I just
that so much as you can see I'm back in
some of my camping attire because I'm
just like I want to stay a camping mode
I'm such an outdoors person and that was
just so much fun so I'm out here and my
backyard trying to find something woodsy
to do because I'm just in the mood as
you can see I have chairs these are
actually mounted to the top of these
stumps because Annie here was getting on
top of these stumps and jumping over
into the neighbor's yard does this stump
here and there's another stump right
here they pulled one of the board's down
so I'm gonna try to cut those stumps
down today I try to start my chainsaw
the other day and I cannot get it
started for the life I mean I've only
used it a couple times so it's kind of
frustrating but I guess it's because
it's really cold I'm gonna try not to
give up today well still not working I'm
gonna run to the store and get a new
spark plug really frustrating all I want
to do is get my hands dirty and I just
can't because I don't have very much to
do I hear my art but I'm gonna go pick
up symphony and then go do that hi
sweetie
my little nurse that was your badge
thank you
your badge that you were to school today
that was my face on it
oh man today was career day what when
she stretched and it didn't come back
that she broke it oh man
at least I'm not a nurse anymore all
right we'll fix it think it's that about
it you cutie hey buddy
Jeff good nappies yeah gonna help daddy
with the chain saw okay come on come on
I will a nerd little a nerd I've almost
had enough of this chain saw guys I
gotta clean up my woodshop guys I want
to get to work this evening yeah I guess
that's this weather
let's make me want to get out here
that's probably what it is but I'm okay
it's up and I think my first project is
going to be a jewelry box Nia needs a
jewelry box and she wants one that
stands up do you need a shovel what are
we doing here you show up just in time I
can't get my chance all started
you guys know a lot about chainsaws
let me know what you guys think in the
comment section below but I'm done with
that now it's time for Annie and I get
Dinner started and get this house and
some better shape in the days
all right guys for dinner tonight I'm
doing chicken enchiladas I've shared
this recipe and previous vlogs before
got much into boiling over here and over
here I have my cream sauce to go on top
and then I also have cream sauce and
this bowl over here for to put the
chicken and the cheese known in this
stuff the tour ticket using corn
tortillas and it's such a simple recipe
I've shared it before in detail like up
on the screen here's maybe think about
it bro what are you eating a bro
plaid flat rock wit is that a snake
chocolate hey don't eat on your back sit
up sit up sit up
leave those ringlets boingy boingy
boingy boingy
mommy made us some yummy enchiladas they
were pretty amazing did you like those
enchiladas hey get over here come back
guys I got poison oak oh and like
camping really bad put your arms out
oh you're so much easier to do buddy but
I'm tired when I start to sweat my
push-up really starts to itch I don't
know if it's poison oak or poison ivy I
honestly don't in another different such
a bummer I get poison oak every time I'm
in woods makes me want to camp even more
it's kind of like like people who
the kids wound down forbids him gets
them all riled up
bring him on Sam bring the baby I just
read a comment that suggested we stop
allowing comments on our videos I really
did did not want to go there but it
seems like we may have to I mean the
first three comments every day and just
find out what we did wrong every single
day my cart just filled up so I had to
delete some videos to make space so as I
was saying I just want to present that
question to you guys what do you think
of us blocking comments just to protect
our family right now I'm sure you guys
are gonna say you know whatever feels
best but I just don't know what people
think of that or what what that means
for our channel I get and it's not just
that we're reading the hate and letting
it come into our home by reading it it's
also you know you guys are having to
read it when you go to comment on
something positive that happened in our
day and that's bringing negativity into
your day and I don't want that at all we
don't want that in our vlogs we want
people to come to our channel and want
to say something sweet and figure out
everybody's just like finding everything
wrong with us but anyway as I was saying
we made a blog in comments but I'm gonna
bend now and he's already in bed started
reading I need to go start reading but
don't forget guys Jesus loves you and
remember to love Jesus
actually guys was push my teeth I
decided I'm not gonna disable comments
so yeah I'm little wishy-washy
