alright guys the time has come we are
ready to go camping a liqueur boat oh my
god oh you know we're all packed up it
took me a few hours but we're gonna go
Nia got her pregnancy nap in Sydney's
got all stuffed animals I got my Barbie
does everyone have his we got a bruised
blankie that's all he really needs we're
going to Lake Bob Sandlin which is in
Pittsburgh Texas I've never been over
there at all before I brought two
because it's elegant whenever sweet
breath up stuff and one and she did it
move I would give one to her to sleep
with oh sweet thinking about your
friends and Nia is drinking apple sauce
out of the stroll not even lying for the
road you guys I've never seen that
before like what made you even think of
doing that I'm done it for the kids
before stuck a straw down your little
applesauce I guess they have those up
herself squeezers oh I was getting ready
to go the other day and I was in a rush
I was hungry I didn't eat breakfast yet
and all I wanted was a facade
I'll just drink it who's ready to go
camping we're ready to go camping I said
who's ready to go camping
of course I am are you ready okay
gasps stop first and only one hopefully
you're that tire exploded on the highway
it sounded like a gunshot and did I send
my truck one of their tires exploded
right in front of us while they were
driving I thought that when a crash is
scared and so bad
yeah would you look at this guy's flake
Bob salmon Park yay look it's an old
tractor out there we made it guys this
is our site where you going to set up
your bag buddy
where you going to sleep simu in your
Barbies first thing we're camping guys
we're really doing this I'm just so
overjoyed right now this is just so
awesome and brings back childhood
memories but I'll bring my kids out
camping it's just in the sky boys just
I'm just so excited what you want to
show people now let's set up the house
guys we're going to set the tent right
down here there's a little bit of room
for another one I can see me oh you did
okay so Eric and Stan you're gonna be
our neighbors neighbor you're gonna set
up the tent
okay mr. camper we'll be right there to
care why everybody need a hammer can I
use it please please can I use it yeah
give daddy a turn we don't tell daddy
you know what not your hammer it stop it
all right there there's all-new humble
abode I said I needed over help me this
is our little porch area by nigga it's
okay with you we're like on a downward
slope the porches
yes this is where we're really gonna be
sleeping hey buddy Creasy
no it's not you're so silly okay uh oh
he's kind of nice okay we have our
little sleeping bags set up right here
do you like your dinosaur baggie bro he
flipped out when I offered my buddy go
check out the campsites yeah ash oh hey
how's it going good so we have a cross
street they got the best set up Chris
and Andrea Kent before 10 years
don't fight over the hammock guys you
guys be nice to each other this is where
it's at over here you know what I forgot
the burning purse matches or anything to
start fire with but
city moving on you think our power plant
we're kidding
we'll take two sticks rub them together
for like 10 days and then we'll be dry
enough to make a fire what we got over
here the dining room
Andrea and Chris are the hosts of this
can't be true
oh yeah Kooyong oh shoot Reverend steak
for dinner so it's neat to know that
difficulty of corner rest of it's a
convertible sofa
so exciting guys some bozo knocks his
place
like this
Oh
you go glamping
yeah let's go see Johnny's place bro
Knox
you guys got a little humble place over
there I like yours but your space like
the VW Beetle of tents I look really
cute I do I like it's kind of vintage
looking what's up guys yeah Jeff had at
the party I saw I brought one of my dogs
over there so cool that's not funny
you like the water but you're gonna go
fishing you are I'll go fishing for the
bass yeah I do this is the trail that
connect us to our neighbors like
literally everyone here has a blow-up
mattress that I've seen so far rude like
Alison Rob Lowe it matches for her older
boys Mike I'm worried of that our kids
aren't gonna sleep now we'll be firing
like preparing extra so their kids
asleep well we never had blowup
mattresses like growing up really stuff
on the ground
that's probably different weird kids
have such straight to me like you said
like we'll see what happens you learn as
you go honey oh wow Lance you wanna go
yeah dinner is served thank you so much
Angela put some amazing movies bottom if
you want me Sydney on some suits me yeah
no that's not cash it's rosemary it's a
spice movie
you can just share with me you like this
dude yeah it's so good I was like a
campfire taste to it it's like a very
earthy road rather though very natural
taste right over another brush but is it
something that kind of feeds your
pregnancy cravings you're not really so
sick I know I might ruin the engine
we're sure lucky I mean like satisfy my
nausea okay tell us a scary story
parenting guess what we brought guys
that's right pop pop and Kristen it
Chris brought everything else except
uh-oh
he brought popcorn he just didn't bring
this cool stuff he brought everything
else literally like two of everything
else this guy's the ultimate camper
editors all right guys let's put the oil
in two beers one a front running back
yeah put in there squirt again there's a
there's a couple there for like it okay
oh it's pretty
I hear the rain and the popcorn yeah I
don't know what's what's actually making
the thing noise let's see what we got in
here is it burnt there it is the
finished product
is it good good okay go guys get your
popcorn popcorn guys brush off the fire
just come on get you some and for the
kids take it off popcorn good come on
you made us do I'm happy to you some
popcorn
handmade over the fire Abrams getting
all cozy Oh sissy you get them cozy guys
ready to sleep on the ground for the
first time can't raise a bread here guys
it's got a little bit scary come on your
dinosaurs here she's sleeping right
there just laid between mommy and sissy
so these are the sleeping bags we got
those ones why they he's so slow be so
scared here buddy
ma we want to fill up hey guys
give their final sleep in Slough it's
raining now yeah it's supposed to rain
all my hope it'll stop its post up like
it then 10 a.m.
like this one yeah it's very pleasant I
love it we couldn't stand being in
separate sleeping bag so what we did was
we're laying on top of mine
we opened hers up and learn to want to
blink it we just want to take as a good
night thanks for hanging out with us
today see you tomorrow don't forget each
other
you
but then mister
