good morning guys and I'm losing my
voice as I've been talking too much
I'm about to do something his hair and
today I wanna do something different I
want to do like um I guess pigtails one
on each side except you're gonna show me
how to do this I don't know how you
don't you can't even step me through it
like acting I can do up has mom ever
done it before
mm-hmm you make a little ball on my hair
a little ball mm-hmm oh I'm sorry no one
loves on the side sue me Jim what
Charlie maybe I should braid it might
take too long
yeah well daddy I have a question for
you next time we go to Walmart us out of
family to run free get more play-doh for
me I don't have any sure
let's see here sis you're moving around
daddy you should have looked it up how
to make bony cattle right so 50 is a
vacuum cleaner gently use a vacuum
cleaner your head no all right just
asking 10 years a higher 10 days day
pushing your any nuts
okay see ya how do we do look pretty
good yeah it is totally uneven in the
back oh my gosh are you sure this
backwards horrible your stand up let's
go get mommy's approval do you prove her
the back of her hair no but look at the
split hey wittle guy you're a joke he
took a dump you took an early doll huh
yeah big dumb horse is he
that's his he helped you down still
going no changes though Danny come on
change thank you next time can I do it
myself
yeah good next time you can do all by
yourself
Oh put your pants on yeah I'm a help i
from get down pool ready blue yeah I'll
let you see help you okay here comes a
okay
we can do it together Joey
man you don't be so sad about it see
sissy got it well know what buddy
where's your rematch what do y'all don't
even match let's see what happens you
feel what you see what happens do you
think simply okay you like it
why I didn't even get to see it
beautiful you took a dump again
did you really know you didn't there's
no dump in there picked out a couple
thing for Sidney for camping I'm gonna
show her before she go to school so
she's in a good mood all day just
something to look forward to it's
raining out here we got you this your
own little lantern Hello Kitty okay
you and Abram have a fishing pole you
guys are sharing this okay uh-huh what
oh and this the safari vest
keep all your little items in when you
goes exploring when go camping and you
get to wear your little lantern right up
here on this little hook awesome you
know sleeping bag has little foxes on it
foxes and trees daddy would about right
when you drop me off um you you go back
home and then get me my wine get your
lunch I forgot her lunch at home so I
had to go back and grab that and bring
it back here
there's your clash baby picture class
right hey I love you give me kiss I love
you
so guys about that video yesterday
winner took it down from YouTube I
decided to do that for a few reasons
one of the biggest reasons was I felt us
a little bit overly obnoxious in the
video or just obnoxious in general it's
very easy for me to become prideful in
this and I want to maintain humble
attitude and all this and I feel like
that video was the opposite of the
person I I'm striving to become so yeah
that's one reason I take it down the
happiness I was experienced periods even
goofy and having fun I came across as
kind of self-righteous and prideful and
I don't like that and another reason
being some of our friends who are also
daily vloggers did the Jimmy Kimmel
challenge not found on challenge I
didn't want them to feel like I was
judging them I just felt convicted about
doing it to my daughter and then I end
up kind of still doing to my daughter
confused her in the process I thought
it's hilarious in the moment I was just
having fun with it and I post it and
just regretted it and don't get me wrong
I still stand by how I feel about the
video I think that doing it to your kid
is it's just not right to make her to
make them cry telling them you took
something from them but I just think
that's provoking your children and
that's unbiblical but anyway if you guys
do want to see if you're just curious
what I'm talking about the videos in the
description a link to it it's not public
but it's unlisted so if you click on the
link you're good to see it sorry if I
came across the self-righteous vlogging
is about sharing my family and you guys
sharing your family with
us and creating a community where we can
all just kind of grow with each other
and I feel like that video was just like
focusing on me way too much so yeah this
really is a real fake horsey oh they
come in a snow I love the weather out
here you guys can't see cuz my lens is
fogging up but such beautiful lighting
on you right now we've been kind of off
the grid today hasn't been feeling very
well I've been just lounge around of
life and I slept into like 12 o'clock I
had to go fetch Annie out of their yard
she climbed up on the stump on this on
the fence line jumped over the fence
into your art song rustic I try to start
up my chainsaw so go trim it down but it
wasn't working yeah yeah that's all I
needs is about one more foot you got it
come on grab it no wait not yet wait
time would come right past it ready go
now go run run run run yeah yeah you're
swinging whoa daddy
that's how you got to do it you all
right you got to go good before people
get on this week I think it's gonna go
really high cuz the Rope is so way up
there everyone's like wow that's the
biggest reason I've ever seen
speaks one I've ever seen once they get
on it they realize that it's actually
hard to get any air on this thing it's
funny how it works
I don't do physics um which I figure it
out but it's crazy whoo guys today has
been a doozy on me it's kind of towards
the end of the night and I am getting
ready to start packing for this weekend
I should have packed earlier today
honestly I kind of forgot I was really
sick today so I'm thinking little
outfits like this as well as intake for
symphony like the pants are all rolled
up for some reason but thing we're gonna
be there for two nights and we'll be
going back to church on Sunday morning
I'll need like a dress and foetida need
to get pajamas like at this cute sweater
I got it on sale this s3t at Old Navy
for three dollars last after last
Christmas these are a good camping pants
these little what's the matter bud this
is a good shirt take camping little
explorer they glow in the dark you want
to wear that in your tent yeah okay okay
so Symphony and Abraham's pals are done
Abram is waiting on pajamas to finish in
the washer and these are Symphony's
clothes I think I'm going to take this
outfit out that I showed you and do this
one well the venture vest is already
packed by a package okay go show daddy
yeah hey daddy camping and showing
little pearl face daddy look you would
okay
leaving says Camp on and how cute so
buddy ha ah you're in buddy I bet I
found a cute vest for simpler too yeah
is that yours can you say gherkin yeah
can oh sorry
hey Bri might have one too look how long
yeah I have one too even symphony will
match it that's going to rain
one we're just taking our big family
suitcase that we take on all our trips
just because there's so many there's
four of us that seems pointless for us
to all take a separate bag and have to
find room board in a tent I need a brush
I'm not gonna take any utensils for my
hair if I end up wanting to do my hair
I'm sure someone there will bring stuff
we're all getting ready for church there
and so I'm trying to like pack for that
as well and it's just like huh so much
to remember and think about
I hear that it's raining and it's
thundering pretty loud the kids just got
really scared it was so funny me and
saying we're talking uh snap my fingers
like that it was like this huge Thunder
like windows rattling and stuff
Symphony scream bloody murder
Abram woke up it was like mama and it
was funny because it was like oh well I
sent my finger that's pretty funny
I always spoke confused on how to
explain thunder to kids like rain is
necessary for our planets to grow and we
need sunshine we need water and all that
but like what does the Thunder really
poor and I'm I was trying to explain it
to Symphony so maybe she wouldn't feel
scared nothing just like Jesus makes the
Sun come out every morning he makes it
Thunder and we don't really know exactly
why or what it's doing but it's just a
part of storms which are good for the
crops Abraham's calling me again oh my
was probably a long night before we go
camping so that's it we'll see you guys
tomorrow at the campout it's gonna be
pretty exciting I feel like we're going
to end up rooming or you know camping
next to Sandy and Eric and their family
but we'll see that's kind of our plan
but it's kind of like a first-come
first-serve thing so we'll just kind of
see where we all land and where we end
up okay we'll see you then don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
mr.
