what day do you think is guys symphonies
first-ever school picture day she's
brushing her teeth she's been in there a
while and then we're gonna get dressed
I'll show you guys what she looks like
her school wears uniforms but they had
the option of free dress today but I
chose to still dress her up and wanted
her uniform outfits that she wears just
a really cute one just for the memory
you know
first school pictures I want her to be
in what she actually wears to school but
I think it's cool that they're allowed
to wear whatever I'm snacking on these
to curb my Noah this morning
Abram is trying to get himself dizzy I
think whoa just first I can type here
outfit pink bow pink shirt white sweater
navy dress wet shoes so beautiful eyes
okay so let's pretend the photographer
and we say all right Symphony ready
cheese so beautiful I can't wait to see
your pictures no I know you're always
ready for pictures huh you can play with
your pony for a minute look what's new
guys we have underwear booty you wanna
show sissy we're doing every five
minutes for one minute on the potty out
here while I watches Jake and we're
trying to get this going underway we'll
see I'm off to run errands and have a
meeting with Alison telega discipleship
meeting we're not technically
discipleship partners to talk about so
we're gonna Sam is at his discipleship
meeting right now he's actually probably
about to be home
because I needed him here with Abram
while I lead by Sharon's here and she
said why don't you just go I'll hang out
with him until Sam gets back I'm gonna
do it I know this sounds kind of weird
maybe not some one girl but I'm really
feeling my outfit today I'll have to
show you guys how i layered everything
in so yesterday when we came home from
lunch shopping
Nia was kind of upset that we didn't
come home with a lot of dinner foods
because I was the manager i was the
mainland shopping i was the leader of
the shopping you could say and i was out
shopping for healthy snacks i like to
snack a lot what i'm doing here guys is
getting a Triscuit dipping it in this
yogurt okay and adding blueberries on
top see that cool it o'clock Triscuits
and yogurt ripped jeans
one of these trips here I only need to
get supplies for one or three see if I
make it out you guys think I did it one
wreath on the craft and some extra
ribbon for fall stuff things are healing
itself leave it to me to do extra
shopping over I should be doing and now
I'm about to head out to lunch with else
hey guys lunch is over now what with
beautiful Allison here and I'm shopping
in her store I'm looking at baby clothes
for Michael and ondrea's baby they just
told us the gender and I can't tell
anyone because I haven't announced it
yet but I'm so excited it makes me so
ready down my baby
this is Allison's store wonderfully made
here in Rockwall tell us about it we are
a faith based on children's store here
in Rockwall we carry girls and boys
clothing size newborn to out see 12 for
girls and 7 for boys yeah Laurens over
there so yes if you're near the rock
wall area Dallas area wherever anywhere
near come shop at wonderfully made it's
in the little outlet center off 205 by
Hobby Lobby and it's amazing I'm looking
at all these things for symphony maybe
it's cold outside that'd be so cute for
New York
I'm not even shopping for symphony and
yet I'm shopping for symphony I mean
gosh that's cute yeah this weird thing
for symphony that is so cute Oh cute
look at the bone I do love it yeah she
couldn't kind of twirl
I want a girl I think I'm having a girl
and then that'd be so cute oh I love
this like he's so cute this isn't
something really good for Symphony loo
look at the burger that I know I would
see and that's what I was telling you I
was just telling your address Symphony
like I dress myself like I've got some
cute little bows and then this one we're
talking New York which one do you like
Symphony mommy I just want both of them
Nana got you something would you get
them all no he said mail no no you know
what I never get you buddy
what does she get you what is it hey you
got a yard slide play anything inside or
outside that's awesome well can you hold
your candy hold it everyone look at that
what else did you get a scooter a bigger
size Wow Abram let me push you you gotta
bring it over here yes thank you
they can skateboard on slides really
baby just push the back of the seat not
the wheels it's perfect pull the top
there you go yeah already back say Thank
You Nana Oh get where okay guys so I'm
going to target now just getting a
couple like random thanks for the house
and I thought well it's here I'll see
what kind of coat they have because I
don't have a coat that I could take to
New York with me I usually just buy like
sweaters and I layer up I haven't bought
myself a coat in like forever so I got
this big fluffy coat on it looks weird
in the camera but here's what looks like
in the mirror can be cute
it's like with some of the ones that
look like they would be for my
grandmother sound like is this a
grandmother coat I don't know guess what
guys gonna tell them
the Raiders are going camping we're
going camping guys you guys are coming
along with us excited we're so excited
we are shopping for I can't really hear
very well in this thing we'll for
camping this weekend with the church
with our church family for three days
two days we have not gone camping
together Annie and I this will be the
first time for us to go camping together
and we are taking the kids yeah so it's
going to be really interesting we don't
own a tent but Oh own anything
camping wise
and I'm just on the lookout for
something I have a specific style on
morning wanting something bright and
flat I'm so snuggly bunny said I've done
one white cloud here
I do nothing solve it
what do you know needs shopping at best
Pro but it's good feeling it's actually
sick Alden zero
this is the coolest store in the world
man this is just awesome Ilya
get ready for Christmas turn decide on a
sleeping bag we're looking at this one's
bigger and it seemed so flexible
it seemed you would sell fit in that
though oh yeah I'll definitely fit in it
and that's what I want to turn about
like this material better than this one
well there's a thanks mincing I don't
know maybe not
yeah at Cosi anarchy I come in
we chose sleeping bags will show you
when we go camping excited do you guys
think they match do you think they don't
match did I get a girly one in Sam got a
manly one let us know what you think
kids you can't blow out of the kid
I've got camping several times as a kid
with my parents
I will try to figure out what else we
need for camping we have our sleeping
bags check tat check
toilet paper
new toilet paper
no I'll make something for us I'll make
dig a nice hole maybe like frame it with
some soft - timber wait back double duty
this is what we need right here
those guys they look happy
in a cover I don't understand that I
think they have their bathrooms or not I
don't mind going in the woods but I
don't know about the kids
with the middle of the night running
rapidly
we decided we're going to get our
flashlights and lantern for the inside
tent at Walmart cousin something that's
way too expensive and Walmart ago to
store
but we did it we just got tired we're
heading home
wait to see no camping is he's only ever
slept in his bed
outside and attend it's all gonna be
completely newsie
so excited
thanks Emily to
get out one time our kid me camping and
I know we'll see you tomorrow as we
continue to prepare a plan for the
region of all camping extravaganza 2015
I'm trying to make a hashtag on
Instagram but I forgot then I rolled it
the camping trip and it's camping shower
began 'aa don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
