hey this is Aaron's new territory good
everyone was your mail everyone got mail
today he's really excited about it yeah
sure for basic your mail was your mail
we're watching bridge there it is
what's inside your mail ooh
toys for the workshop that's awesome
it's getting some bigger outdoor toys no
this will be perfect I think you'll love
that
or this one yeah that's me is that one
me
oh that's sissy yeah hey good morning
guys how's everybody doing today we're
doing fantastic here at the Raider house
and he just took off to go meet with a
woman from our church and I'm about to
brush my hair I haven't washed my hair
in like four or five days I just stopped
washing it because there's something to
wash it I can't ever keep the hair back
so now just stop washing it and as you
can see it just kind of goes right into
place
every morning hope everybody had a fun
and safe Halloween got lots of candy did
you guys get lots of candy let's see it
Oh yummy simply got a big bag of candy
and I kind of gave in to that bag of
candy yesterday I didn't overdo it but
no more sweet serene let me give you
guys an update yesterday we went to
church it was a great sermon about
thankfulness that was cool to hear if it
came home we took an awesome nap and a
time change threw everything off the
kids woke up and we woke up around 4:45
I had to actually wake Stephanie up from
her nap that rarely ever happens and
then Matthew came over he's working on a
documentary that we try to watch
Tomorrowland and we realized this pretty
holiday for so we turned it off pretty
quick stead we ran it southpaw they were
just cliche after cliche after cliche we
knew exactly what was going from seeing
the scene we got a little over halfway
through or like it you know forget it
then we went to bed and now I am here
vlogging to you guys about my whole day
Barbara and I are going on our daily
constitutional constitutional is like a
daily walk
this guy is just extremely proud of his
Mel today he's reading his Mel in the
middle of the street he's so funny
soon as I check out the mailbox it was
my mail my mail car come and get your
mail run ha ha and this guy is enjoying
the puddles here please don't get your
shirt dirty it's almost nap time young
go eat a corndog yeah it's too hot oh
you wait for it to cool down buddy whip
it to cool down just put it on your
plate
hey sleepyhead hi-yah you slept a long
time buddy
ah are you gonna do yourself whoa what
the heck is going on there oh you guys
had a garrow's bit come on you can do it
you want me to do it busy this morning
he wakes that was like what did I miss
what's everybody doing got some juice
here just give you so my mom's lemonade
thank you look who we got back our girl
is home from school she's not home where
at Walmart now her shoes were on the car
oh man she was that Walmart so super all
new no an irate to do what when I walk
how do I move it excuse me you two
means symphony we're just having a
little chat that going to the grocery
store daddy's kind of confusing do you
think so you don't think so because he
just doesn't understand things that we
want the way that we do it so this is
kind of jealous symphony and I decided
it's kind of confusing to go grocery
shopping with you you just don't
understand our way home you should have
seen him raiding the candy bag after
Halloween yesterday I was are great I'm
gonna help the yogurt don't get too
sweet it was a Halloween know your point
for the kid no I'm still feeling it
Abram go get the apples guys even
requested an awesome snack today said
Apple cookies Apple cookie big hero 6
his favorite movie right now it take an
apple and I throw the lasers and it
splits it up into little slices did you
get it I was like I gotta cut some
apples like oh it looks really good but
these are like paper thin in the movie
but I went to slice them really thin and
gave them to him I said look anybody got
Apple could goes up the first time I got
him to eat apples and he requested them
again today everyone look we've got
apple cookies yeah yes way
you
 Diwali the pregnancy I'll get
the big one yeah put in the basket come
on you got it you got it
give the sissy come on teamwork guys
teamwork put your butt crack showing a
burn don't sit on the paper towels dude
would you get honey three different kind
of pickles
I get ice cream for that put that on top
I got wickles which are kind of sweet
and oh yeah look at my face I got these
jalapeno slices cuz I said did you get
corn chips
yes in any bread I do okay
and these are just my favorite little
baby people have the only refrigerator
section the dollars that is so funny hop
on buddy let's go
I wonder though oh my god close your
eyes and hold our hands
if symphony goes to school with the
Cappy attitude and does not cry she gets
a little surprised after school and this
is hers for today hi guys today I am
going to be doing a shopkins so let's
start Nate this is what I got go to
changer bread house there's a little
heart right there's no place like
gingerbread like you know red ginger and
this one is my weds so I can add these
lungs to my collection company and I are
getting ready to play a game Wow
shopkins you have to find when I was
little I always wanted my grandma and my
mom to hide things from me though I just
thought it was kind of cute that
Symphony's wanting to play like this I
didn't introduce it to her I didn't
suggest it or anything she just came to
me and said with me we so also you hide
these free and I can go find them by
getting cold you're pretty hot you're
near one right now mom seems like you
just looked right at it look up not that
far up just not down she doesn't see a
forever sweetie you pooping yeah
spaghetti I want some spaghetti this is
so yummy Lea made it for me to get e
honey nutz a spaghetti what you done man
I don't want some spaghetti well I was
hoping that since I made the food you
might serve it onto the dish I really
hate to get e on two plates
you've got it babe sharee spin plates or
real plates porcelain plates random kids
plates what are they
I'll put them in a bowl
it could you get hey kids
so proud of you brushing your teeth in
here without anybody telling you do it I
know what's he trying to find my
neighbor where is it
Mark's all in his way vocally Tiffany
came out last night guys what we're
doing our interview with Matthew and
what was it that you what happened last
night why'd you come out of your bed
would you tell mommy and daddy what was
it she came out with tears in her eyes
I'm mommy
my clothes are making a scary face
exploiters probably just like light
reflecting off the different parts of
the pants and shadows playing but I it's
funny because I was just telling you
that the other like a couple nights ago
I was just telling I was like do you
ever see like scary people in the
clothes or the wall or something and
she's like no like I've experienced that
like all my life since I was a kid I
just Elaine better like make out faces
on the wall or make up faces in my
closet but anyway we're gonna go now
we'll see you guys tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
yay
No
