Oh welcome to your friendly Home Depot
neighborhood Joe we're getting little
skinny down for our fishing pole
scenario haha got our little tour guys
here Oh
because it's because it's Halloween is
almost over so everyone starts Christmas
after that and I love Christmas light
tomorrow all right guys what size
fishing pole should we do should do we
do a very thick fishing pole it's not
too thick guys as he asks too big too
big we can do a very skinny fishing pole
do a skinny fishing pole
it's natural wood color hey let go no
peggle actually this size of it over
here
morning guys we are out early getting
ready for Halloween tomorrow oh the
noise stop it stop screaming is it you
Finn yeah too thin
I want a thicker fishing rod so I can
add something on the end of it where
they can reel in I guess
the string we're going to use inside of
the thing I just got to get creative now
we're looking for hooks honey little
round hooks I kept it slick put the
string through this person yeah
something like that
now we need some string guys some nylon
string I think we're decided to go and
get this little kit here this is the
only one I hooks and that's what we need
to put the string through Oh
we'll use that that's 9 bucks
we have something like that at home
actually don't we actually might be too
thin found them they have the hooks oh
there they are
okay there they are there they are I
hope you found them guys
next stop guys Halloween store Spirit
Halloween I'm hoping that there's gonna
be some awesome cells in there right now
cuz it's raining on the day before
Halloween and the phagocytic for
Halloween I'm pretty sure they're 12
News otherwise I ain't getting nothin me
I'm just gonna wear it my turkey outfit
for the elephant' Thanksgiving or I'm
gonna wear I got you buddy
I got your body into hostess's han
sheesh he has to feel safe in the market
every your in your rain boots are you
falling boots he's gonna crazy about him
look you fog I already have a feeling
I'm gonna have a lot of fun in your
scaring Symphony the kids that scared me
first
he's looking for Olaf that's not all
officer princess shoes you crazy kid
others all off right there
oh no let's ask her if she has one for a
little baby this one this is three plus
do you guys have like a an Olaf for this
little guy 40-year old
is three plus and the other one for
simpler way to do you guys have a three
teen of 40 oh that it oh really
you guys have me cells today would you
find what is that is that Elmo at the
joint viola
Elmo has to blow his nose
- immerse librum Wow Avery was so cute
he does just kidding now it's too easy
how do I scare you with the Green Goblin
what ready to go
where's your hat you put your hat on are
you or lovely want me to scare you no
okay lectures Olaf's head we have to
shoes shoes you'll put your rain boots
on yeah okay I'm bit pretty cute is all
up up every single makes me sad and
therefore have inaudible starting to
wear this cute little face sticking out
of there
Oh in there okay where are you Abram
my nose ya know isn't it really long
present scared Sunni don't be scared of
your daddy you didn't like the Elsa
costume well it's your around my way
even with a shirt on no I didn't try it
with my shirt on
it was too small we were coming out of
the store with only one costume
oh Allah for this little squirt do you
want to go into t diagnosis yeah so this
is what I came up with guys for the
bracelets Jesus is delight John 8:12 and
we want to cut those out
hole punch the ends of it I try to get
them on the bracelet like that kind of
weave them through it you ready for this
two hundred bracelets what's up dude
Oh what's a shirt off you want it off
I'm gonna make the turkeys at mommy do
it I make the text too big just draw
through the holes
yeah I'm just not cutting enough hit
that smaller over to 12 been quite a bit
smaller 18 font no it's 12 for sweet oh
whoa look at the light
my Jesus is the light see why thanks bro
because is advice on those things I
don't know why I didn't think of doing
it that way
I knew you guys would be there first and
knew you wouldn't let us down yeah you
don't eat the glow sticks crazy head
he's done a great job guys look at this
we good
do you like guy they're gonna be cute
I'm gonna move it up I found a way to
streamline this you punch the holes
before you cut them up I have a little
bag over here put me on it we're all
done with the glow stick like really
cute in there some of them lit up as I
put like if I dropped it on the floor
think like four lit up trying to figure
out how to make this rod try to make it
all out of wood and now I want to make
it working actually really they're
making a mess in here
definitely make a mess we made a mess
out of our kitchen to do you know
sprinting ologies I got total mess in
here and now we're gonna have a movie
night i won
Sam what it watch all these deep long
movies and I'm like no I wanna watch
pitch perfect 2 and I won basically by
the vote of Abram he was watching
through the trailer a pitch perpetuate
us and he was like again and again after
it was over is really cute so thanks to
Abraham mama got her way pretty much
think of what I got it anyways I had a
crummy day today not feeling good kind
of Moody you know regular pregnancy
stuff so we're just chilling with a
upbeat fun movie as you can see and
failed several times kept breaking on me
even with a um even when I made a pilot
hole look look at this mess I was going
to put like this piece in here I was
going to drill a hole in there my nails
going in there like crazy crooked see
that I even made my little winder the
winder is all ready to go this is going
to connect to the top of the other big
winder and it's going to be a little
because we don't go fishing I got candy
I'm not doing that anymore I'm doing
something different but first I got to
put all the little hooks on here
got my second one on and I'm just going
to do this all the way down the fishing
rod I send the string to the loopies now
probably about that long and I have
these little hooks here there's little
clamps but the hole right there is a
little bit too small to fit the string
in so I'm going to drill a little bit
bigger I don't know a fisherman a Fisher
of candy there's the fishing laws guys
here's what I decided to do instead of
doing the blow anything I just have to
something and you pull see you do need a
knee order you catch and you pull it up
and in the cast it just release oh wow
oh yeah would be fun for the kids
base to just have it hanging from the
end and it was with a young paper clip
or a clothespin and these are much
stronger so it'll actually hold the kid
let's go fishing honey here I'll move on
that sound wall all right honey cast it
you just do that you got a hope a little
handle you don't you can let it drop
just hold the handle and we'll drop
there you go yeah this is how it'll work
guys see they'll have candy like a candy
bar in the country
you're just hung on it so the kids now
like this all right honey put the candy
bar Oh what you got to hold on to the
pole hold on to the pole and pull the
strings heavy
Oh a little house it's too heavy
okay pull your candy boy okay cast it
again okay all right and you're gonna
like this one
go ahead oh you got a snicker bar
yummy you might be confusing when they
have to get up there too to do this for
you have to hold it up for something
you're right then my beers you can be
sure well I'm sleepy maybe I should make
the string shorter I'm still gonna have
to pull so much yeah you might see
they're so little it's a lot for
beautiful my arms alone yeah I'm gonna
shorten the string baby guys we'll see
you tomorrow Oh anyway guys we'll see
you tomorrow
don't forget we love you there's
something real in even getting this
listing Fung oh oh you're really me
never mind
and remember to love each other bye guys
happy
