hello 2018 we're making snow and you
guys are gonna vote on the best one what
do we do in sugar I know it's do you
want to help Tiffany what are we making
we're making snow good morning guys it
is nice and chilly outside and once
again we feel like we don't even want to
go out there because it's so cold the
kids played outside for a little bit
earlier but I was just like okay
everybody come in I can't take this
anymore it was miserable someone's
already and snuggled up for snow slime
but I don't know if she should smell
over and daughter like that and not guys
snuggly - oh what's going on it's oh
don't let no okay guys our first step in
making fluffy snowball slime is to fill
up this measuring cup with our shaving
cream feels like go ahead squash a dream
by my big buddy back good guys we got to
put it in our big bowl here so we
carefully need a spoon
yes here you go Thank You Mimi
next up is glue can you undo the lid and
okay well Symphony gets the rest of the
clue everyone's gonna dump our baking
soda n ready
daggum up alright man good job no more
this is my favorite part
you guys are like human blenders
Symphony's going to add in our saline
solution like a snowball third of law
wow you guys it's really is turning into
like snow I'm chmm you keep going Wow
wow it's turning into real slime
okay we have moved our giant snow phloem
to a tray yeah even you're loving seeing
and it's turning into a solid little
thing dry
now comes the tricky part not the tricky
part the fun part the competitive
Symphony Abrams Sam and me are all gonna
build our own snowman out of this snow
fluff slime and you guys are gonna vote
on the best one so after each one is
complete we'll snap a picture put it
into the vlog and at the very end we'll
line them up and you guys will vote on
your favorite snowman from our snow
slime okay Abram you can get as creative
as you want you can get things from
around the house are you ready to make
your snowman yeah on your mark get set
go
are you all done this is Abraham's
snowman I believe we're looking at it
face on right here all right little
Missy it's your turn demolish a from
snowman and bill of yours up to keep the
competition nice and fair I'm giving
Symphony and everyone else with one
minute if you want to go around the
house and find things to adorn your
snowman with Tiffany you've got some
very unconventional items here
here's symphony snowman brownies know me
okay I'm still not under whatever okay I
have one minute to go gather eyes and
stuff yeah I'm gonna count for you
smashed-up Snickers okay there's mommy
make a Mia's and now it is daddy's turn
somebody's trying to think over here
that work extra creative
daddy Abraham's to eating your thing
alright guys I'm all done I created the
abominable snowman
yes actually it's kind of cool okay
all right guys there will be a pull up
in one of these corners go vote on your
favorite snowman is it symphonies is it
Abram is it mommy's or is it daddy
that's obviously the rubber snowball
fight wait we are yeah might as well
we're gonna make sure I get in in the
face summers gonna cry up universe one
minute 37 seconds later guys get in the
grass already go get her back come get
Symphony go get a bus go get her
big mess to clean babe there's people
throwing snowballs instead of throwing
heads absolutely no one's dead
the sights the sounds there's people all
around goodbye
the Saturday night your heartstrings
what's this
bath time is over after all that's no
fun Abram got dressed in jammy
but Stephanie is all dressed up in
outfit what could that mean
about me I thought because we dinner yet
we're going out ticket do you want me to
tell you sure okay did you finish
cleaning up those crayons yes okay it's
so you need to put some sakhis on those
feet and get a matching hair bow boys
I'm ready to go now what else could it
be
Symphony still doesn't want me to tell
her what we're doing now now you do
alright Symphony we are going out to
dinner to dr. whiz why is her tummy oh
that's all I want
Oh like a two-bit cuties oh it's a mommy
and big kids dinner days
I lost it on Christmas Eve and and then
that night I didn't didn't get it
because today's did night before
Christmas and then the other night I
couldn't cuz da was Christmas night I
totally understand so symphonies Tooth
Fairy made her wait two nights because
it was a holiday obviously she's taken
the holiday really tough and Symphony
both lost a tooth this week
well my tooth Perry's very impatient why
has she didn't wait long she didn't wait
it oh so what happened you fell asleep
well my mom was taking a two-hour long
time there was nothing something
something yeah don't keep stuff and so
then you went to go put your tooth under
your pillow no no I was watching TV and
the mom finally got back after two hours
I win tattoo money room try to find two
dollars Wow whoa I got five dollars
y'all have two pretty sweet berries
we're just we're trying to figure out if
they have the same tooth fairy or not
and say many things they're different
didn't she make like a thousand dollars
on her first tooth no I got twenty how
much did you get I think you go like 50
cents or something
well kids are what you're talking about
mister whoever outside their tongue
ghost story sandy they're talking baby
showers like the stuff we need to go to
Dancing with the Stars
oh yeah what should I wear are you
saying about your leg dance reading my
mind we're at Walmart now me and Sandy
Symphony crap still those kids they had
like they've been broke out of jail or
something they're like wow great great
look at this they're super cool sandy
sisters having a baby shower next month
and homo-sex man when you're the crafty
friend in any group you get passed
around or tests get passed on to you
you're crafty I give you all my things
did you take them home and glue stuff to
them yeah and hope for the best
I'm gonna try to do my lettering on it
you guys I've been lettering I've been
practicing every single day in 2018 have
it told you but I'm gonna let her every
single day a Bible verse quad lettering
for the Lord all we did is go out to eat
and go to water yeah but you smell and
to be honest you kind of look like a
pancake where'd you guys go just one
more what's up guys welcome to the house
guess who's home this girl we have some
big plans tomorrow guys Nia was packing
for it yesterday because she thought it
was beat it was gonna be happen today
but in fact it's happening tomorrow
it's happening tomorrow right for sure
yes for sure - idea no yeah they really
any idea I've heard exciting I'm really
excited
I've been getting my stuff ready for it
yeah I have anything in charge and stuff
somebody's got to do the charging takes
a lot of work honey charging batteries I
have to pack
and in fact into a laundry input only
that's a lot of I can help you pack
no I
coming of the day coming of the day goes
to Nina Cowie 99 hello 2018 this video
was recorded on December 29th but it is
the New Year's for you guys hope you're
enjoying it I know we're going to be
enjoying it I got a huge announcement
coming up guys
regarding 2018 super excited to make
this announcement
it's been years in the making a year and
have to be exactly year and a half in
the making so that's that's my big thing
for 2018 which I'll be talking about
soon honey do you want to talk about
2018 like well let's just do it let's
just move on to a question of the day
can that is do you guys have any goals
already set or yourselves in 2018 do you
have a goal set 2018 I want to get the
house done in Oklahoma and add on to
this house right my goal for 2018 just
off the top of my head I hunt sat down
and done any goal-setting and we you
know we like to have our word for 2018
which I'm guessing you all or your work
you and me were wine where we whatever
okay I get my way just taking about word
of the year no no no but one goal that I
have is to do a lettering challenge
every single day and letter ascription
so lettering for the Lord is what it's
called and I want to just every single
day every day of 2018 I have to letter
something alright guys we'll catch you
tomorrow thanks for joining us for
another day here at the breaker house
don't forget we love you remember to
love each other see you tomorrow bye joy
kids have no idea that world
alright guys we're going to try this out
