this guy's addicted to sweets just like
his daddy Abraham look at me
no more sweets man we just give to
suckers you just had a cake cool yeah
but you don't ya see nah but you don't
want to go see Lucy
we had good morning guys we relaxed at
the hotel for a little bit they didn't
make a sleep till one o'clock so we just
took advantage of it we'd left around
12:00 though but it's cool that gives an
extended stay
and then we wouldn't had some very
romantic breakfast at Starbucks and the
weather was just perfect and the
ambulance was perfect and I took some
photos of her of me and with my new and
steps camera here's why I dad we really
liked this birthday he was really nice
guy no take a picture you come on yeah
hurry come here two more strips yeah
you're right three strips you're right
okay why are you staying right getting
this light
but shows up good that's my last shot it
costs 30 bucks for 20 images and they
come in like 10 10 images per cartridge
picture I have more but this last one
here I've only have one more cartridge
left I figured out you can only pretty
much do this in daylight unless you use
flashing when you use the flash it don't
look that great soon as your picture
show up yet you bring it over here let
me see
I wish suddenly get that red car in the
background I was trying to cut that out
but the tree back there looks awesome
the lights skirting the edges of it
she's so cute I like that shot we're
getting ready to go to GC we made a side
dish tonight corn Cajun seasoned corn
and we're gonna have a soup and chili or
something like that there as well it is
totally our time to bring a main dish so
next week I'm gonna make a crock pot
meal or something I just I need to let
everyone else know that but we actors
been so so sick that cooking sounds and
Sam has been experimenting with salads
and side dishes and stuff like that so
Abram no baby it's too cold to get all
wet oh no no no come here oh my goodness
okay it's time to go bye-bye come on we
made it guys so Bo and I a few days ago
we made a pact with each other that we
were going to stop eating sweets sweets
as far as like chocolate candy and like
bad sweets because I was starting to get
caught addicted to it and like everyone
is and he was having a problem with the
two I guess so all nights night I'm
gonna do some tempting he thinks he can
last longer than me and I think he's
probably right but I'm gonna try to you
know turn that around on him so let's do
this well hey what's up
guys you know I just found out my bow
made it guys like it's really good we
put really good stuff that's so pretty
give me funny I'm so proud of you
this week I want to go over some more
logistical stuff for the Halloween event
that we're doing and then really really
were just praying for the event
can you go offer him a corn on the cob
hey broom got into some thieves away a
while ago
can I see your eyes poor baby
are they better while we're going to
treat dr. pepper
look at this adorable girl she's
learning how to skip come back this way
and do it who taught you how to skip I
should take
show me the other way of skipping you do
a good job at it it's so cute
simply got a cramp from all the skipping
whores they're hurting yep you got a
cramp baby could you just ate a cramp is
like a tightening of a muscle
yeah wait for it to relax it's like a
spat muscle spasm alright guys well
thanks for coming along with us for our
little portion of the day we've locked a
little bit later than day I mean I
enjoyed our morning together so we
volunteered we have our Halloween
Festival at Fall Festival at Mike's
house the house we were just that we're
doing that for Halloween and Friday
we're gonna pick out costumes you're
gonna be Symphony wants me to be honor
so I think I'm gonna I think I will I I
kind of want to just do whatever
something once okay she really wants us
to do like a frozen family theme this
guy doesn't want to buy me like whatever
I guess we'll just see what there's at
the Hellman store I don't have any ideas
I kind of want to be Doc from Back to
the Future one of his cost one of the
other to work but I don't know he's so
funny
remember we volunteered to do bracelets
glow-in-the-dark bracelets with a Bible
verse Jesus is the light of the world
something else and I volunteered to make
the fishing poles that's right and we
volunteered to do face painting to
rotate in the face painting not to be in
charge of face pan we're just gonna
rotate with two other couples no no he's
confused about ordering I think oh I
thought that's what we're doing well
you're gonna be Lisa so that I can watch
a broom and symphony oh she can watch
her daughter and then me and her will
turn off that way there's gotta be eyes
on our kids we are you gonna be with
Jenna
oh yeah okay what do you guys think we
should do with the bracelets I got the
little golden dark bracelets already
ordered them and they want us to attack
a Bible verse to it and somebody had the
idea of using like labels sticky labels
but that just seems like I don't know
just like it it would stick out like a
tag that was really I don't know what
that would look that doesn't seem like
it'd be very cool if I don't like a key
change so if you guys having ideas on
what we could attach to the bracelets
that would be cool because I thought
about I was like I don't know I've got
key changed and the key chains are too
expensive something cheap some kind of a
what I thought about just timing a
little label on there like a tag I don't
know what do you guys think okay get out
one way or another I'm gonna find you
I'm gonna get you anyway we'll see you
guys tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
