good morning everyone today is Sam's big
three-o 30 today yes I'm up early with
the kids he's been getting up earlier
with them everyday while I've been sick
kids are snugly waiting for breakfast
so they does it but but but daddy can't
cover trucks okay
I'm a little late to the game letting
Symphony get him a gift and everything
because I've just been so sick we did
have some pretty big plans this week for
Sam's 30th birthday and I undo to some
unfortunate things that happen and
really just all got canceled he had a
big trip planned with his twin and also
I was planning a really cool 80s
birthday party at a skating rink so that
was gonna be pretty rad but it's not
happening now but we're still gonna hang
out all day and and do some fun stuff
I'm not sure exactly what all we're
doing so yeah it's just gonna be kind of
like a fun relaxing laid-back type type
day since we are going out overnight my
mom's coming
I've got outfit for today and outfit for
tomorrow
is it new oatmeal buddy your food
choo-choo Fork that's right you chew on
your fork okay we're all ready for
school look at me isn't Benitez
something he's cute
bye sweetie love you I see one day I'm
not gonna be able to roll down the
window and say I love you like that and
she's gonna look back at me like mmm I
can remember when I was I reached a
certain age and my parents my parents
always dropped me off at school I never
rode the bus and I can just remember
being like embarrassed like oh my dad's
taking me to school today like I don't
know what it was I've always just like
in Paris from home now and it's time for
me to make some birthday breakfast
the birthday boy got up before I could
take him breakfast I waited too late
I was trying to make some I'm trying to
do breakfast in bed and let you sleep in
whoa whoa how do you feel do you feel 30
do you feel all excited who wants an
orange demanding little baby right away
look at his face Sam yeah what does
Starbucks for save you happy birthday
not so breakfast in bed this is true so
sausage you want to play yeah hey guys
so I kind of put together a little
surprise birthday dinner for Sam and
it's going pretty smoothly so far kind
of few of our friends are gonna be there
Sam's brother and sister are gonna be
there and so I'm excited he has no idea
he just went inside the clinic over here
to pick up Annie
and so I'm just really excited that's
gonna be fun
I like surprises I like surprising Sam
he literally has no idea still learning
how to walk on high heels honey we
decided to stay at the Highland Hotel
it's a really pretty place because it's
small but very classy this is the lobby
that's my beautiful wife go try one out
oh no
get down that is creepy today's my 30th
birthday yeah 30 years old 30 years
young woke up very thankful to be alive
Nia got us a suite how awesome is that
this is not a suite
shall we call downstairs what's up Jen a
bathtub an entertainment room give them
a call back yeah
you're in charge of this day right
cordless phone holders bones guys they
have one of those here you stop is it
guess I hate golf last time we got a
hotel that brought us to the wrong room
remember so the second time the phone is
already there oh wow Wow
there's a toilet by the way okay let's
try this again let's do a little air
right here here's our room this reminds
me of where we stayed at vloggerfair
oh and there's a couch and everything
over there cool is your one request here
one we request here let's see
30 years old guys if I live to be 70 I
only have five more years before I hit
the halfway mark in my life so many
amazing things happened on my 29th year
they're just like my life has been
turned around this past year first and
foremost my relationship with God is
better now than it has ever been and all
of my past and that alone is has made it
the best year ever it's past year I
really embraced the idea of being a
father for the first time I know I've
been a father for several years but this
year I'd like really I guess came to
terms and like felt extremely like
excited about it I'm like excited to
grow my family in the past year I got to
quit my day job on account of my
photography niaz wreath business and of
course on account of you guys so that
has been absolutely incredible your life
is so short guys I just want to
encourage you guys those who have not
open your Bible just open your Bible and
read it just start reading it I I can
guarantee you that you're going to be
moved by the words I mean the Bible says
the Word of God is living and when you
read it you feel that and it's just like
life changing and this is like you know
my heart was meant to be receiving these
words can you imagine guys Adam live to
be 930 years old Noah lived to be 950
years old and the person that is
recorded to have lived the longest
Methuselah lived to be 969
it's insane so if I look at myself in
those terms and comparison of that I'm
just a baby so that makes me feel really
good I think Moses wrote this I'm not
positive gods maybe David sorry I just
don't know Psalms 90 10 70 years are
given to us some even live to 80 but
even the best years are filled with pain
and trouble soon they disappeared and we
fly away
that's just awesome that's my birth
today we are now at Urban Outfitters and
jammin picking out a little birthday
gift from war what did you and insta
camera it's the camera these it'll take
this house photos I think so Polaroid
camera
I think he's wanting that brown one
give it a whirl Sam
let me see you try it out like what will
you look like using it okay I didn't
hear it it's a cool name so if you hear
the name is not you so I've never heard
of it look at that it's kind of
interesting I don't know how you hold
this thing
we made it guys
a lot of runners are out here you're
going to what HD Supply Co HD Supply Co
cuz I'm just so shocked I really was not
expecting this at all
okay ready yet here goes
all right honey would you get
did you like the movie did you fall
asleep be honest
just once that's not bad for how long I
think it's really funny I really loved
this movie and wanted to go see it again
and I just did not care for it I just
kept thinking about her like I look at
what she likes so much about it we
cannot wait to sit and have a
conversation with her about it well
that's no longer my birthday guys we're
back at the hotel and it is 12:30 that
movie was much longer than I thought
other gonna be didn't look at it but
anyway we had such an awesome night
thank you so much it was just so funny
how unprepared I was for that just
walked up was like whoa whoa everybody
was there it was just such a shock I've
never had a surprise birthday party
before you did she really did
but we'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
