emotional about juju you wanna run a
Judy's car right now yeah
because some Judy's car that's daddy's
car I pride and joy my Camry good
afternoon guys the Raider family is
getting ready to go have dinner early
dinner where yes we're having very early
dinner at Heath and Amanda's house Heath
is my discipleship partner for those of
you don't know
so yesterday's vlog we didn't vlog
yesterday we logged in for yes when we
uploaded more of the pregnancy
announcement footage yesterday so when
you get to really you know like tell you
guys a person yeah is pregnant and this
guy is so cranky it's been raining out
here for the past two days
hello guys cats out of the bag right now
another baby or should I say the bun or
any other good say hi I've been feeling
so bad like today I woke up I felt so
good
played outside with the kids in the rain
for like an hour lunch time came and nap
time came in its way
anyways thank you guys so much for all
the support congratulations we are so
excited
I mean some of you have pointed out in
the comments like anxiety comes along
with having a pregnancy impaired
miscarriage and I'm definitely feeling
it like every time I get the slightest
crap I'm like the salmon cramping
I'm trying to be really careful can you
please have a hand for me now on I'll
call you can you please call me symphony
okay hey sorry I didn't get that okay
would you like me to call you say
symphony in C
I'm now on I'll call you okay okay
you finally got it
a symphony what's next here's your mail
you know I've been all this time when
I've been when it when I was on your
phone
but as I'm Molly I try to get her to say
simply why would she always call you
well we're not on your phone she called
me Samuel what did she call you in your
mommy's no yeah he is awesome hey hey
hey Sam
his hair is so frizzy nice brush to it
me that he definitely needs a haircut
hi I know you only invited us but we
want our money
Oh friends you know this is all the
space
first a Hillsong guys stay put on the TV
let's see what's for dinner No some kind
of castle now chicken enchiladas is what
it is
team chicken and totnes this is what
Nina made Oh Mexican rice so what that
is a Spanish Spanish first I'm gonna sit
in the tall stools Kim yoon-hee sit
there and you guys sit at the table sit
right here
oh you have to so you have to sit in the
best seat in the house mmm homemade inch
a lot of who made of Amanda or Heath we
kind of hold it oh that's sweet yeah
usually kind of like help me
Maci's up there in the corner I've been
having like a version buy everything and
with this looks so delicious
like really yes like any time like I did
I'm telling you like I've been so moody
the last like three nights because we
have dinner and then I get to prep my
face it's just not what I wanted
I made your favorite pasta and turn it
down Ricky seemed an option like okay is
there like two different sized Stromboli
or enchiladas you wanna sit right here
this is Abram seat yeah that's that a
seat this is a brucey
dinner's over no we're playing um get
the kids at the broom what are we
playing out here Cindy what are you
playing
oh she's not gonna answer me
at least he was honest about it he said
yes Buchan room he's backing off he's
like oh I'm not a big part of this oh my
gosh Wow good job good job Ava Ava's got
it yeah I think I grow my head letting
the motrin set in yeah he's feeling
better he's been really sick well not
really sick you've all had a fever we
think he's getting his two year molars
he had a fever his cranky he's eating
everything he had brownie on his front
teeth because he was eating with his two
front teeth kind of fun The Addams
Family theme song right now there's this
tell me nuts I can't think of the roar
that comes a spooky area cooky they're
all together yeah I think it's loopy
multi driven roofie I think it's like
with me
who do you guys think
right but oh so creepy and your kooky
mysterious the spooky they're all
together
ouki yeah we got on this after they were
singing Daniel tiger hey the house is a
museum where people come to see you
we're putting doc mcstuffins matching
here
that's a rectal thermometer take another
one hold on Mase it's a lamb and lamby
lamby lamby okay your turn Sam
okay so Oh rectal for Mama they're
plentiful tonight
Oh mr. snowman what's this no man's name
and doc chilly all right so chilly
and so we had for dinner last time your
chili oh dang he's about to get a match
Oh looks like maybe it's that one I
could have lured with chalkboard before
we go thankful for the Raiders isn't
that sweet what a cool idea to do for
your guests we're thankful for the altar
just too by the way guys thank you we
really are welcome home guys keep in a
manner so awesome you guys know I love
hey he's my buddy
yeah we're really close we know each
other like really dude always he knows
me we're really close you and may see an
Ava on her break I bought her this to
teach her about the human anatomy can
you tell everybody what the parts are on
the table so so she won't chew it up
she'll chew it up but okay this is the
part you go poo poo at oh yes the bottom
of it
Oh what is that beeping no that's the
kidneys but yeah that's what makes the
PP good job Oh actually you're right
that's the kidney and the bladder
they're attached by the year doors we
can open us up here
there we go now see intestines remember
the large intestines in the small
intestines and back here's the clip the
colon looks car
that's stomach yes good job and what's
the stomach for it collect on the food
and clicks it and puts it into the right
one like if you did something hard it
would go to the blue cool part if you
did something soft it would go to the P
part well that's good it's good enough
it's actually the intestines that do
that though everything goes to the
stomach the hard stuff and the soft
stuff your drinks and your food and then
the intestines separate everything what
is that organ I forgot what this one is
called come on try to remember we're
live live lizard good job liver okay
that organ uh I can't wait what well
you're pulling off the the ones with it
come on what is it some muscle Oh
daya Karia
Defra the diaphragm dang man that's what
expands the lungs what does that matter
wait let's take the rib cage off hey
don't leave me here yeah all right what
is that good job was the heart do
I hear amen pumps blood throughout the
body
oh yeah meantime while daddy and sissy
learned I'm playing with Abraham's
luscious little locks over here oh look
at these curls when she get them all
taken care of well I just put biosilk in
his hair it's so soft how they bounce
back up that's what he calls through
there hey yeah false oh no my hey girl
look I also have a customer coming over
to get a repair to my desk
do you guys want to see it I called it
lace and wine for those of you who
follow me on read spy Mia um Facebook
and Etsy this one one thing I've been
doing differently with my fall reads
this year is leaving the initials like
claim would see how that looks I didn't
paint it I'm just leaving it like the
original state that you buy it in
because it's like that's what's in I'm
having so much fun with my fall reads
despite the fact that I've been so crazy
sick I really think that I'm so sick
because I'm actually really really
motivated in the wreaths department
lately and I went through a phase after
the miscarriage or was not at all what
about my wreath you like it oh I missed
it what symphony don't you just took up
a brain so cute how into this symphony
good vacuum oh thank you baby boy see ya
your monster is here too doesn't got
here
mommy YUM
yes hey what's your name liver it
doesn't Mexican no hey bro money also
guys just a slight change for the Q&A
that I had mentioned a couple of days
ago we decided that instead of doing a
few questions here and there or like one
a day we're probably just going to sit
down and get it all out of the way and
just do one I guess big Q&A I don't know
if it's gonna be big but you know a deep
QA and we'll probably have a moderator
and someone there just to kind of like
direct us and be there with us as we're
speaking and you know someone close to
us and close to our situation I think
that's what we have decided for those of
you wondering what happened with that
kids asleep I'm making another wreath
now gotta figure out the cheetah print
is it cheetah I don't know anyway it's
kind of fall looking um it's really hard
to get these heavy flowers on on burlap
because uh it makes it all fall down any
more glue well she does that I want to
share a couple pictures with you guys I
gotta tell you something just so just so
often it's like I don't even want to say
turn her a little break GoPro kind of
more or less hired me to take some
photos for them they sent me another
GoPro and they said we want you to take
some photos with this one we're looking
for family photos they bought for
pictures from me I was just so excited
I didn't think they're buying if they
bought any at all I thought maybe just
one this is when they bought for me that
one like that one there's a little biker
back there and the kids are sleeping
through the sunroof this one but didn't
like them this is our new thumbnail on
our channel it's not that they didn't
like them it's not what they were
looking for I guess it's too posed and I
really like this one too just a fun
photo of us baking cookies everybody
eating the cookie dough needed that I
look kind of ridiculous maybe that's
wasn't it buy it here's another one that
they actually purchased from me this is
the perspective from inside of my eye
guitar Abram just kind of singing while
I'm playing guitar I thought it turned
out great it's actually photoshopped
here's the original actually this one's
cute too
I love that one but as you can see I got
a lot of flare up there so I just took
the bottom flipped it and put on top and
bam you get that photo and did all these
I even put Abram in a guitar shirt so I
could get more of it
I thought I really liked that one that
one's really cool they didn't buy that
one
I'm painting the sprinkler then I'm
talking to the neighbor this is one that
I sent them but they do not buy it I
love this photo though this little
surprise is Abram right here in all of
Cissy being so high in the air and of
all the cool pictures I sent them they
also bought this one thought that was
interesting that they purchased this
picture last but not least they bought
this on simply climbing in the center of
a some kind of ladder I just thought
that was so cool that GoPro is
interested in my shots and I'm going to
do some more for them some like I guess
we're gonna go to like a pumpkin patch
I'll do a couple more shoes and see if I
could sell any more I doubt a lasts very
long it's just kind of something I'm
doing on the side and he was really
proud of me too which was really cool
she's like I wanna see what photos like
buy it that's the best part
that was definitely the best part how
proud me it wasn't me anyway guys we'll
see you later don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
No
he shouts
