you
he
you
you
yeah good morning Abram I got you
something today he's been sick she's
sick today she was sick yesterday that's
were in the wall
she's also sick today don't go making
good I mean I decided we want to do like
a chalkboard in our kitchen because I
did the store here see how I did I put
chalkboard paint inside this um recessed
panel took me forever to decide on a
door cause pantry I didn't want it to be
the same as the hallway doors I want it
to be you know separate from all the
other doors because it's a pantry and I
couldn't afford a glass door so I looked
through some books and I found this one
and I thought it would be perfect to
dooney's pantry they're gonna obviously
erase that and redo it
we have these already kind of a
chalkboard theme and then today a Hobby
Lobby that 50% off chalkboard things I
got a room this look Abram do you like
it oh you see al where oh it looks like
an owl huh he's so funny you thought I
was an owl
it's kind of an l-shape huh that's
magnetic goes on the refrigerator
oh look what she can photos magnetic
that's weird it's all refrigerator
it's supposed to be magnetic that's
weird how it looks on the back in the
world and it's not sticking at all I'm
not sticking here what am I doing wrong
here says magnetic torque board anyway I
also got some shop eraser I got this
little chopper hanging thing here you
like it that's cool huh also the side
the metal signs were kid 2% off the
closest to like a shop you just expand
on those cool is only six books I don't
know where I'm gonna play it ah
cuz I'm nuts oh I got fear of the stock
board okay guys I think I figured out
I'm such a dummy I thought the whole
thing was a magnet I thought it would
just stick up there but it's a magnetic
Chuck I mean you put magnets on it
dang I'm a dummy haha I gotta figure out
how to attach it to the face yeah that's
your blankie we know it
you
you
Symphony's back from school I got you a
surprise guys Abram don't be upset daddy
got you guys something would I get you
it's behind my back come see it just
behind my back
what is it what is it it's a wobble it's
a big bubble I think one of these have
you really yeah I really wanted one of
these where'd you see it out I'm a
commercial commercial how do you know
what no even if it hey daddy if it
touched something sharp
it pops oh does it really
oh no I hope not it does well we got to
be careful then okay is blue you got to
tell me what happened at school today
first what does somebody tell you see if
it's okay tell me what happened you can
look at it let him look at it it's both
tears
someone said me and come one we're
boyfriend and girlfriend oh and are you
allowed to have a boyfriend yeah what
are you a lot have a boyfriend I mean
growing up how old exactly good job give
her that number she just made that one
up all right let's do this bubble guys
hey guys let's bulb that one bubble
bubble up north
well don't toot all right let me help
you yeah I'll put in the hole
here comes the wubble bubble remember
here I'm trying to say it guys today and
yesterday I have been so sick
Oh bad news me so fun ever wanting to do
the Wobble thing with the kids
companies trying to convince them to
stop now so she can play with it it's a
lot bigger than that I think go get it
buddy
look he's got my bubble my bubble okay
go throw it at the neighbors yours no
cute buddy I think it's as big as it'll
go
we could actually keep putting air in it
but it only suggests up to three feet
Sydney here to be baby you're gonna pop
it pop I did bath time before dinner
time tonight and that was a mistake
symphonie tried to warn me he's already
getting it all down his diaper I'll
probably have to rinse him up again
after the after he eats oh no sister was
right
is it good though yummy
that's really dirty in there I'm making
like a stew roast and stew in here oh my
gosh looks so delicious and Abram was
just skinny so hungry you didn't eat
very much lunch today and so I thought I
would just go ahead and feed him chicken
noodle soup because he was tired of
waiting and it's not getting ready for
another half hour some of you had asked
yesterday if we got a new washer and
dryer and yes we did check it out how
you turn it on and it's all like touch
like snot buttons and you just kind of
go through and play with it oops
accidentally started a little I mean do
that open it up it's really deep in
there it's kind of hard for me to get it
out sometimes I'm so short but I make it
work just give you all a little tour oh
and there's our towels as well do those
sisters still taking a bath she loves
the bath time now that she goes to
school I think she really like feels
like she's getting clean during the bath
because she gets dirty at school oh my
gosh
like nobody warned me about this people
warned you about first day of school and
you know making sure you have right you
know healthy snacks and sit for their
lunches I didn't get warned about smell
of kyndra
or coming home who's playing on the
playground but it's okay it's a cute
smile even though it's nerdy smell she
just gets really dirty all her clothes
get stained up it's pretty funny but
anyways guys I think I'm going to go
ahead and wrap it up I wanted to let you
guys know that Sam and I feel ready to
be a little more transparent with you
guys we feel like we have a story to
tell and if anything we have you know um
just convictions from God to share with
other people and other couples out there
who have been in any kind of situation
like like we were publicly put in
recently like you guys don't always it
or don't experience it publicly but you
experience it and it's still you know
hard and hurtful and you have to you
have to make it through those things so
we want to share with you some of the
things and just open up to you about
some of the things that have happened in
the last month and just you know just
just how cotton is working
and how he's still working in our lives
so we're taking questions and I think
we're going to just you guys list them
in the comments below some questions
that you have either for Sam or for me
or for us together and I think we'll
just see which ones are more popular
like which question gets the most likes
and we'll answer one or two of those a
day I'm not sure how we're going to do
it but we know that we're ready to start
looking at you guys questions I'm really
opening up because it's what we feel you
know basically just led to do when we
took this break off from vlogging like
one of the big questions that hung over
us and that we prayed over was do we
want to return to vlogging and you know
it was always a yes it was just how and
so we're still learning how and all that
but basically we just you know we really
do feel like we have stuff to share with
you guys so I think I'm gonna give him
some Assisi's and symphony can eat mine
I think she's gonna really like happy so
anyways guys go ahead and put your
questions in the comments below will be
picking through some of those and
answering I mean I think we'll start
answering them right away like so the
next time we vlog you will have an
answer from us over something and thanks
for your patience as we've been getting
back in the swing of things and those of
you who are understanding of what we
feel called and led to do we just
appreciate it and we're looking forward
just sharing our lives with you anymore
and yeah we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget guys we love you and remember to
love each other
but then this
