hi Annie
good morning guys lot of commotion going
on out here in the Raider Breakers
backyard or y'all got attacked by Annie
this girl and this other dog that's
coming up right now I had to get them
all out and take Oreo inside I gave Oreo
back for the first time I was able to
touch or you let me pick her up hey guys
this red dog is so cute they'll leave
that Thanks that was our dog hey take it
easy get back get back
come on they got through right there I'm
going to get back over and fix this
fence the neighbors aren't home we've
been messing messaging them on Facebook
I'm trying to see if I can get in there
it's locked all their gates are locked I
can't get the dogs back in without
throwing them over the fence and they
won't get back in that hole hey girl
look at that such a cute face a cute
little face don't you Oh floppy any food
so these three get along but when Oreos
out here they all pick on her she's
bleeding hell I think the smell the
blood
country problems good morning guys any
so mean to Oriya when other dogs come
around like when they do work around I
saw any licking on her and like loving
on her yesterday and these dogs come in
and our neighbors over here said they
saw all three dogs just get on top of
her just attacker so were you up to
synteny and have have
rodeo day this Thursday we can go to it
will say Abram took our natural rodeo
hold a minute like make trail mix and
stuff at the house and Sandy is going to
make her own stick horse Symphony houses
to course issues like doing eyes will
see Abby's look oh I think those are
gonna be big enough even oh she loves
the thing work maybe maybe not very
small it's gonna be like a really small
face on home
big horse everyone and I are off to go
get symphony don't go get symphony nah
he do you want to watch YouTube yeah we
can't watch YouTube does in love when he
pulls the back of my hair hey one of the
best things so far about staying long
can you get my phone grab my phone
- why you - he's been obsessed with kids
YouTube on my phone but I actually
deleted the absent can't play anymore
he gets on it wait I don't mind him
being on my phone but he has to be
playing educator game education today
every pickup Stephanie I think we're
gonna go to the Arboretum and hang out
at the pumpkin patch and make a new
intro while I'm there
I've been wanting to do an intro guys
but Andrews still in the old one it just
does a doesn't seem like our other than
singer appropriate but yeah let's go get
sissy tell school sweetie oh good good
good
buckle up you got a sticker Oh doing a
great job today
go get a sticker now because I did a
great job back at Pierre no oh did you
learn a song yeah great
get the show is that okay but I don't
have a Pierre we do something you do
notice anything different in here you
know why Oreos in here Oh got attacked
by the neighbor's dogs
she has little boo-boos on her arm and
on right here what okay yeah boo-boo I
know you're saying but subbu yes
are you going to kiss the boo-boos oh
sweet boy he's such a loud kiss just lay
on top of her face hey yo yo yo yo
she's sick hi yo yo we just got
everybody ready to go to the Arboretum
we wondered like a family type shoot
number work on a new intro yeah they
close at 5 o'clock so we're sitting
around brainstorming places we can go
there
polish that shop she's running that's
the one who's ever Oh Oreo some go potty
buddy
I'll let or you out to go to the
bathroom to use the restroom and she
went in my yard
bitch me through there you are poop then
she went over to this yard of poop now
she's in this year.i working on pooping
oh why she did this year of now she's
actually in that over there in that
house she's like marking the whole
neighborhood as a territory see if you
can run through walls rolling go ahead
okay you get Abram its Abrams tune
rolled to Abram sniffing runway rolled
to me
I'm gonna run through what's going on
over there
come on turn is there a cat over there
Oreo Hey
I think he's chasing a cat you can tell
by the tail being straight up in the air
look at her tail straight up in the air
yeah yep there's a cat over there
I think what's on the windowsill over
there Symphony yeah that's up she's
barking I never hear her bark get you
that little bark oh there's a little
kitty over there he's gonna gonna caddy
here you can't get it here the kid okay
the cat a cat kid Oreo leave the kitties
alone
hey hey so yesterday's video we hinted
that we were going to New York
horrible fun there guys he doesn't like
my hair like that
the answers here somewhere like that's
just one on wait what's not both times
yeah both Eisen all right she wants both
oh I should get both us anyway so yeah
guys it's true we are for sure going to
New York next month lean on the tree the
450 14 or 15 16 16 and we're going with
bone show it's gonna be exciting it's
pretty spontaneous decision we were just
that bone shells house and they were
trying to sign up there we're gonna go
to New York to visit with their family
who's coming down from Spain I mean um
Brazil and um but I was like you know
it'd be a lot funner if we you know had
some friends with us and weird I will go
like oh yeah come on
no blue we'll go so we're just like few
days later we bought tickets so we're
going to New York
maybe we should do Meetup kids are
watching a big hero six by the way so we
decided we're just gonna go out to eat
tonight where do you want to go home
well guys we decided on poison for
dinner poison for dinner yeah well all
dressed up to go out and we almost went
to IHOP it means like I really don't
really kids well guys it's pretty
incredible in here
look the skeletons and the mummy and the
spiders and the witches and ghosts in
the window
look either up they got like chair
covers poking chair covers this is
awesome Symphony you see the chairs yeah
how exciting is that we get to sit on
pumpkins for dinner why don't you guys
go and play on the slide go climb I
don't like it when you tell me no we
could say mommy please can i play a game
with you one more game and then you have
to go play okay can I finish speaking
yes Abram go play Oh someone's getting
sleepy
you get a little trick tree best oh
thank you hey Rome has the guy mariachis
you want someone to have everything like
you just always was like a reaction
citing a super happy male bucket is the
chicken nugget for your Apple flour yeah
chipping of you I get you broke yourself
- I'll catch up here
I got a salad Oh crispy salad okay oh I
hope being but that looks okay yeah I
promise
yeah get out of here kid do you want to
write one more everyone my buddy
I'm done
no ending our night with a cranky cranky
baby shushu what what to kill watch - -
choo-choo
it's a cranky but not strict salon it's
so pretty it's so pretty
yeah yeah this is kind of sad huh I
don't know what you're saying oh yeah
make a pie so whichever find me so much
can you tell mr. he gave Sam a hard time
in the bathtub in front of these oh man
this is my my way of putting my short
hair up without having anything I just
like bobby pin did back there um trying
to clean the kids rooms for the night
ends I'm telling you with symphony in
school it's like the day just zooms by
like we're up early then you know we
hang out we play I do load of laundry in
the middle of you know simply go into
school and Abram take a nap everyone
takes a nap and usually all either relax
or Magritte's anyway I just totally have
dropped the ball on cleaning the kids
rooms like I just there's it doesn't fit
into I'm just still trying to get into
the groove of the whole back-to-school
routine so it has so far been Tuesdays
that I clean the rooms and today is
Monday and I'm trying to get a head
start on it so that tomorrow Tuesday
maybe I can do something different and
be more productive with my races and
stuff like that I do have to make make a
trip to go get supplies but anyway this
place has become symphonies storage for
her clean clothes and I just hung all
these up they were just piled up there
all right guys this is where we go our
separate ways
hey broom I love you buddy good night
give me kiss Oh
Thank You candy kiss but before we got
her give me some news Gilmore Girls is
coming back oh I already know I'm so
excited it's been all over my newsfeed
today but we're going to be here Tommy
oh I didn't tell ya I know I'm so
excited you're gonna have four mini
movies or like not even it's like an
extended show or mini movies okay I kept
seeing a beauty everyone to need just
hanging I thought I was gonna be one to
break the news I just saw it on the
other news but anyway we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
you can make
