you are sprinkling up everything pretty
it's going to drag all through the house
look at this can't even walk in here
virus mess it's everywhere I'm talking
about right now New York yeah for sure
what it's so beautiful out here we had a
little cold front come through I guess
we had a cold front come through daddy
took the sparkles away he said there's
too many sparkles on the ground did you
want to put some in your water you have
to just why don't you just try to gather
them up but yeah I love sitting out here
with the kids and drinking coffee
reading the Bible especially in this
weather when it was really hot I was
kind of like and do it as often but
today we have a laid-back day me and the
kids do and then tonight I'm going to a
little birthday shindig for Sarah at
church
oh man Abram got the sprinkles Symphony
come get these Abram really got it all
there's just like hardly any stopping
him buddy
daddy said no home war look at all these
oh man Avram daddy's gonna be
disappointed in me
now they're all stuck to the camera
shoot I thought it sounded pretty to get
sparkles stuck all over the lens oops
no like sweep them like you're doing
there you go
oh brother symphony
don't touch anything Abram don't bring
that water go wash your hands with sissy
baby so have my wake-up pace on guys
let's see what symphonies turned out
like can you see the glitter or did it
change it we put on color-changing nail
polish it's supposed to oh it did change
look it was golden and now it's pink
it's like the gel that's inside the
glitter changes to the color pink it is
the gel underneath it's pink I can see
it baby from far away you can see it sir
man we got glitter over here plate up
here you know what they say my messy
house means a house that's played in so
just a messy porch means a porch that's
played on pretty bad look at it from my
view right here I think I'm gonna get
some lunch ready do you guys want corn
dogs for lunch no you can have an IC
while you wait but do you want corn dogs
mm you want a corn dog no corn dog we
have corn dogs in these little peanut
butter and jelly balls they're really
yummy they're like a pretzel with peanut
butter and jelly on the inside of it do
you like those no you picked them out
does that mean Sam's getting ready for a
photo shoot today another one what
yeah good all over the camp I know
you'll see how it got there later
I got time for this baby
hey boy just kind of like all propped up
on a blanket it's too loud eternally we
got proud this morning this is the one
it was on Haberman daddy how all these
things they do when they go to bed I
don't do oh here we go buddy
gotta make a little tent for the little
guy hey move fun like that dudes
the wittle team yes let's see what
Symphony's doing
she never goes asleep anymore he doing
what are you doing
what
okay well we'll get something they can
stand up on the play-doh fences can't
stand up eating you might as well get
our guys I see you later bro alright
he's off and it's mommy time to the kids
are napping okay so it's girls and I'd
in for serious thing tonight and I am
trying to decide what to wear this seems
like a cute option I've got some comfy
pants that are the color of the
stitching in this I'm gonna do that and
it's always really cold in Sarah's house
a cute flower pattern floral print
whatever seems kind of summery or spring
ish but no it sounds comfy - and I've
got a flowy pink shirt I could wear all
right and I made it to the wedding shoot
I do a lot of country weddings and like
a lot of like western style burlap mason
jars that kind of style and Matthews
type weddings he usually does kinda like
gothic wedding very like black wedding
dresses the guy usually wears like a
t-shirt but it's cool you know we all
have
right Matt you but yeah we're in Deep
Ellum dalit with some cool street art
around here see that right there
the wedding is actually over there in
that black building through the black
building over yonder all right Matt
sorry yes I think it's cool
et Drowsy part Back to the Future but it
says text from the future
the incredible Chris oh maybe mommy Wow
oh yeah back on your head oh you're so
silly
he had the blanket around his head even
though it's kind of springy I don't
really care
see peachy color shirt peachy color
flowers it works out well and then I'll
probably take like a green sweater like
everyone's washing his hands
Nana's over to watch the kids she's
playing Candyland with symphony
who's winning says you are she gets so
intense with her board games you're
playing with shopkins all right
what a one where's your headband taking
pictures at the groomsmen
I love being a second shooter because
you looked at camera in her car oh my
gosh
me and I actually got this camera for
Matthew first birthday most often
Matt asked me to come out here with him
and give him him give him some ideas for
the groomsmen photos and all the ideas I
gave him he shot right down right in
front of all the guys it's so
humiliating I didn't want to go back
inside with him oh wait he's doing one
of my ideas right now I give him a
really cool idea of all the guys walking
across the street I'm a crosswalk with
Dallas in the background I looked
awesome he's like no I just like plain
photos I like photos that are boring
let's do different posts let's do some
more fine carry him now is that dude was
do one that's kind of kind of silly but
you know relax that's you kind of cute
and silly yeah you can put your
sunglasses on sunglasses
look at this it's a crazy staple litter
right here isn't it all the post over
here look like those are staples from
flyers okay guys so one downfall of
taking over a month off of vlogging is
that it's so hard for me to vlog in
public I just did a little bit of
shopping for the girls night tonight I
got Sarah a cardi wrap that I saw I
actually got me one a while ago and I
just when I got home and I was trying it
all my things it goes with everything
and I was like okay would love this I've
had to go into five below you guys heard
of five below it's like the Dollar Tree
where everything's a dollar accepted
everything is five dollars and under it
has a way cooler stuff they have so much
stuff in this store oh my gosh I was
like right it's like just gonna be late
I got this cute bag for her sweater
they held like this snack area they have
these much ado about mango I just saw
everyone did everything I got these four
girls I like some chocolate and I got
these first just I don't know just taken
it sounds good
and I got these little things I'm sure
some of you have heard of these they're
called yawn yawn or Union and I guess
it's like a Japanese snack I don't know
it's called crispy cracker stick and
there's a cream that you dip it dip it
into the only thing is that they have
like words on the edge of it and you see
how it says look for words inside
yeah and it'll say stuff like you're
cute you're lucky I don't know what it
says
I simply love shopkins and so I got her
one I've been giving her little bribe
treats Sam turn the computer down if
she's nearby I'm one of these first he
does get after stare totally into the
whole driving thing I was watching
Parenthood I really got into that show
lately and the mom was talking about in
season 4 house they use bribery for
their son and I just like you know we
use bribery sometimes it's not a big
deal like you're still a good mom even
if you have to bribe your kids for
certain things if it helps them be
consistent and one thing or the other
then why not just go for it you know it
works best for your kids but anyways I'm
gonna grab a bite to eat before I head
over there
thanks Matt oh you're in your underwear
I'm vlogging no dang man we got a lot of
little girls on the channel this is
Matt's house right here and one single
shot it's got the whole room in this one
shot I got the groom's reaction did you
know what to her to the bride walking
down did you get his first reaction they
always want the groom's first reaction
to the bride that's like always the
bride's yesterday you never told me to
get it
I just got it cuz let us saw that you
weren't getting it well thank you for
getting it welcome thinking what's there
tonight with Matt tonight it's a long
way home for me so you won't answer the
phone this is the aftermath of girls
night cleaning up we got flash tattoos I
went to town I think we all did show me
your tattoo well John what did you get
what you're gonna do one with black you
know I couldn't find was this your first
time with flash tattoos it is my
thoughts oh yeah this is our birthday
girl Sarah happy birthday she was eating
there's a lot of fun
there's really good wedding shoot though
I like being a second shooter also
because I get to like experiment a
little bit more because when it's my own
wedding I'm gonna make sure I get all
the shots that they want you know and
all the perfect safe shots and when
you're second shooter you're just kind
of back up and you're filling in extra
space you're there and then I get to
experiment when there's time for that
like I did a lot of experimenting at
dancing different kind of motion blur
while they're dancing
that I think turned out really good 104
a.m. I just got home
girls night is over I'm sleeping in this
room Juju's room poster on the wall
random candles DVDs it's such a mess we
just totally had like like legit girl
time talking about everything anything
and everything under the Sun I feel like
we talked about like some of the most
random things and some deep things it
was just really good we had did flash
tattoos as you saw I get this one
anyways we'll see you guys tomorrow
anyway guys we'll see you tomorrow
Sunday we may be taking the day off I
don't know but either way we'll see you
soon don't forget we love you and
remember it's all of each other
