hey guys guess who's nap time is over
everyone's only on this took a little
now but this little guy especially huh
daddy
hey honey these are all Abraham's little
animals he sleeps with who's this ducky
who's this Minnie Mouse who's this free
elephant one of you guys sent us this
who is this
you want your blankie okay you want some
chicken daddy made a yummy yummy pasta
you sure
Oh
Oh wouldn't usually use one little guy
this is the pasta I was just talking
about it is amazing
Sam made it like I don't know three
weeks ago and this is probably our third
or fourth time having it since the first
time you made it so good touch your mom
before you tell how he normally does it
tickly it has fingers the slippery mommy
knew one another we know no big no-no Oh
me no no to me a little cover break
please okay I'm just asking oh yeah are
to say was no okay guys it's time to
make some more creme brulee
mommy alright guys here's the finished
trim the first half of the creme brulee
brulee is the burnt layer on top you
want to be a little bit jiggly then
you're putting the refrigerator and let
it sit for at least four hours what we
want to do now we're gonna go to both
house look beau guys see knocks huh
every Tuesday evening we have our gospel
group where several families in the
church come together at someone's house
the specified location each week usually
the same but um yeah our drew meets and
rockwall and we gather together every
week and we just fellowship and we pray
together so we do different things every
week sometimes we'll talk about
something specific
sometimes we'll split up into boys and
girls this week we're just hanging out
yeah okay now stand up pinkie
you do one leg at a time have them stand
on one leg there you go since you do a
good job homebody okay no one's got it
baby come on
it is never sit back down you had to
uncover his feet Symphony get Bulls
pants up over his feet no no pull the
bottom of his pants up over his feet all
right yeah pop his feet through there
there you go there's one little feet
okay now stand up stand up hold the
sides of the pants baby not the front
back you're the size of the pants now
okay there you go come on raiveer
good job sissy wait sure we're the day
with symphony what's your word of the
day mean what's the main
I think basically this is how it was
using the same today daddy
I'm physically you're not what does hurt
man yeah I knew my mom when you're
kidding as long ago and when you say oh
man they call me like exclamation so
lucky careful take a picture yeah
what recording cause this is Mike's home
or come to my home everybody you might
as well put your home on the blog you
mind if we put your home on the vlog now
nugget patient we can give you cut for
this video don't mind it up
this is Jennifer his wife a couple of
the families in the next year this right
here is w see this is he's father guys
thank you looks just like he doesn't he
will unleash lighting sure you didn't I
need a locker sweep look at officer hey
FC thank you
and home a tortilla soup and this is
Lucy
she is Mike and Jen's youngest daughter
I didn't use Europe of what a five for
kids summaries I thought it was five and
she is showing me her homework why are
you selling all shy why are you suddenly
shy
my kids normally hang out outside the
whole time and Abram needs me right now
they got this cool jungle gym playground
thing what happened
fall out this language because I was
pushing him pretty hard
okay you eating your tacos yeah I know
get to okay this is Jenna and her
daughter Paisley miss Lisa
Lizzy Lilly and you're the oldest
daughter of the family Sam just
introduced Lucy it was like awesome are
you the youngest daughter so I thought
our timing this is Bobby what is Wow I
just Tim by the way yes he's on my
softball team myself you know I should
go to paint Tim you 75 and you can watch
on my video V Timmy 75 another YouTube
here in archetypical community okay
okay man yeah what happened you were
your pinky yeah give me to kiss it all
better
this is your photo baby the baby a
amazing four month and says I love you
I'll put a link in the description I'll
go check okay yeah it's awesome
here's a family all under one roof I
just got done thing this one you got to
see everybody's faces look it's him over
there he's like yeah did you introduce
Jennifer oh you're a fan base yep
Jennifer she is Lilian was the only one
great you haven't met yet Mike's wife
women of this house yeah
I challenge Lucy to get a to next week
by 10 next time this year in class oh my
god I gave her some points apparently
the height the lower the number of the
good foot it's always the gaas officials
say I got in three today my way oh she's
never got a three year Nia and Jenna are
getting on the trampoline to see if they
can still do a backflip look I can and
Mike yes can you give it back flip on
the trampoline oh yeah can you with the
baby in my hand can you really Wow Jess
:
oh honey you got this
Wow that was pretty cute it's time for
me to try the Jake the Jake toothpaste
hmm this is the first time a get it gets
to be tried because that thing mr. Kahn
blew any seal I pull the seal off and
it's also blue and I do not like that
color
you don't like blue well you're wearing
a blue and white skirt and you're
wearing a blue and pink bow whoa daddy
the only blue light is light blue right
this blue man at home and I'm working on
my creme brulee a mixed brown sugar this
is the perfect brown sugar because it's
it's um it's portable and it's like dry
unlike the other one like all sticks
together stick together in bundles up
and then white sugar and now look how
perfect it is I mean look there's no
jiggle to it anymore it's going to be
the perfect texture and now I just kind
of put the sugar on like this
Nina I like brown sugar and regular
sugar on top we're home it's bedtime I
just tucked Abram into bed and I sang
him the Daniel Tiger closing song and it
made me think of how awesome our gospel
community is just how relevant it is to
have friends and
family church friends and family I'm
just surrounding you you know it's just
so important to have those godly people
in your life and you know I'm just so
thankful for it I'm so thankful for the
impact that we're able to make on each
other and the love we share and you know
I just honestly feel closer to some of
them than our own families at times
because they're just I don't know it's
just different but anyways um two people
you didn't see in our gospel community
and Einar Bowen shell and they're
usually always there but shell had a
surgery today she had her port taken out
and had a reconstructive surgery done hm
she's doing really good we all prayed
for them and if you guys think about it
please pray for her as well and Ambo
Knox - as they you know do the recovery
we're supposed to see them tomorrow at
dinnertime we'll see how that goes if
they're really feeling up to it so stay
tuned but until then don't forget guys
we love you and remember to love each
other
we shall jump
