hey guys how's it going we're headed to
get company from school I did a
parent-teacher conference earlier in the
day just me and symphonies teacher the
administrator it was so cute it was
really short symphonies doing really
good at one point the teacher was like
she is doing so well and the
administrator was like I think thriving
is the word for Symphony so that was
really cute and really good to hear this
is a little self-evaluation she did
purple is the best color so she rated
herself on all these different
categories say that she's doing the best
like for instance I follow teachers
directions and if I work down when I'm
supposed to etcetera and the teacher was
like that's saying a lot about a child -
the way they write themselves that means
they have a lot of self-confidence she
said that that was a good thing that
she's feeling confident about how she's
doing in school or first-years these are
some of the things she's been learning
how to sort make patterns measure
recognizing numbers 0 through 9 and
numbers 10 through 19 those are two
separate categories but anyways it went
really good we got her back how was
school and I do happen
Oh II do you is it piano homework what
are you talking about a room
now we are headed to Walmart
Oh to pokken I told Tiffany she's
getting a Lego set there's very good in
school hairdo today and a preferred a
chanting Lego set they go set Lego set
are you fit you got to do it with your
fists though that's the cute part let it
go set like how bad it is I bet you guys
would have never guessed a Walmart it's
little huge part of our lives huh well
guess again cuz it is why my lawyer Park
the rapist
you'll always be our big brother almost
like a big brother taking care of the
family this way we got to get some
sausage and then we'll get there
all right Abram which undies do you like
the best
we are hardcore starting potty training
and we are going to just be having him
an underwear when we're at home and we
had debated getting a new potty seat we
have to that Symphony used as a baby but
we've had him on it off and on since he
was 17 months old some of you may
remember he was actually doing it and
getting the swing of things until I
started traveling a lot and now he's
just like he doesn't want to do it at
all so we had to debate it on letting
him pick a potty seat so that he can you
know feel like it is I don't know
anyways Abram what do you want like
there's Superman
look at those those have carbs on them I
think you like some huh you think we
should put him in the buggy
okay Abram what do you see over here
Oh Elmo what are these potty seat do you
what would you like to get a new potty
seat we will you put your pee-pee in it
no oh no I guess we shouldn't get 100 no
Avram go look at this one look at Mickey
Mouse
it's kind of cool is the potty seeds in
a trainer seed and then it's a stool
what do you think buddy he's not even
interested in like a singing Mickey
Mouse one maybe we should just keep what
we have both I don't know I feel like
we've been so inconsistent with what we
have the kids are back the big kid and
the little kid squeezer
everyone look it look what daddy got you
who's that
whoa baymax join it in the buggy you
could in the book not even interested
well he's not going to be interested but
the whole point of this is to make it
official right we're here to make potty
training time officially we're going to
like step over game on this oh this is a
cute potty seat it's a little car
it's only ten bucks that's awesome
everyone do you like this party that's
fighting the Queen what you sit right
here
it's a poopy seat that's where you go
poopoo you want this poopy seat hey what
come on dude hey bro he just dumped it
out looks like I love it that symphony
picked the cheaper Lego set I can show
her the $30 shot but she was actually
dad I think they want this one like oh
nice shot $6 my first episode of the 31
I was prepared about over $30 so I like
that so it's like a score mine and she
does something that makes her happy and
we get the same shit I'm like a total
opposite will come to buy things when I
see something that's like costs more
than something else I'm like I assume
that it's better and I usually pick the
one that costs forms kind of a stripped
away of thinking I guess you got it
buddy come on bring it inside
those are awesome symphony it's cute
SIF he's gonna start to hula-hoop we're
going to put her in some hula hoop
lessons this guy's proud of his potty
seat this is the way it should work you
know he remembers him taking it inside
now he's going to feel like obligated to
use it because he did all this work to
get inside whoa buddy you're so strong
you are strong dude you got this
can you hold it for him but sissy okay
go ahead
yeah hula hoops are outside there he
goes
Santa's got his criminal a going over
here for dinner at the Tony's tonight
this is just bigger sugar
open the door i broom how's it going in
there how's it going are you pooping I'm
so proud of you guy he's flushing it so
hip paper ray there it is guys the creme
brulee so they can top you got a good
shell on top okay you get yourself the
tinsel Oh could be harder it really
could be you see what happens I'm really
proud of this one we made it to the
Tony's house and Abram went straight for
the trap I got him a trebly for his
birthday we got a little one but this
one's a little bit bigger I wish I got
this Cylon asleep what's that well what
do you guys say we will try that creme
brulee now Erica try the creme brulee
try my new creme brulee I think I
perfected at this time is our first kind
of party - man you both can try it it
looks beautiful
because I use a real Madagascar vanilla
be honest on
bringing no are you sure yeah okay you
weren't sure about that okay every
single restaurant I've eaten it in other
countries oh really so you know what
you're eating
he's getting a big piece I think I
didn't make the sugar hard enough that's
the only thing oh I like it
good good is it too thick I like this
you need help
come here his little gaps in his teeth
knows it so picking food out of it come
here let me help you put your tongue in
your mouth dude come here put your
tongue in your mouth hit there
don't bite my finger there's nothing in
there you get it we got it
oh wait no we did it here let me help
you come here there do we get it got it
oh oh you need help
what do you need help with again dressed
off eating chicken like okay okay okay
here we get it do get it you should hear
the hammer cycle really good because I
keeps pushing my finger out with this
tongue with it get it
those are too short I got it what we
need a toothpick huh do we get it energy
and gasoline all right good job you subs
so this is Chris and Andres place this
is Chris right here to get my team Stan
and this warfare
Nia she hasn't tried it yet I'm still
waiting for her word on it you're all
right bring it out here I want to get
your reaction like was it the best like
I use brown sugar and red sugar this
time I'm speaking to an adult would you
say and when I really do just means to
like I'm gonna make another one tomorrow
she's so cute as soon as we get in the
car she asked me this question would you
ask Shambu Lane they didn't like my
creme brulee look at the plate they
licked it clean
yeah Andrea it was like can I just like
clean it out with a spoon and she was
just sitting there doing that and then
at one point Jeff I saw him like had
just finished the bowl he's reaching
over getting more and I was like Jeff do
you like and he's like yeah it's amazing
oh really that's awesome this is what
we're doing as soon as we walk in the
door he ran to his little toilet yeah be
such a good big sister guys it's been
incredible yeah please use the party all
right I'm gonna go poopoo
hey you broke it mister let me fix it
underwear put them on I'm sipping I've
never seen him in underwear
what are those what's on cars if you get
your own underwear buddy this is my hair
I'll try your underwear now more choices
apron your underwear a trumpet from one
of these tonight well I think the tomato
ones those are cool you won that one we
had a good time with the game we ended
up playing catch phrase at the very end
of the night Santa initiated it and then
everyone just joined in it was really
fun but it's time for bed we go to bed
really early around here now that
symphonies in school and it is late it's
only 9 o'clock and it's like extra light
for bed time so we are gonna put the
kids to bed and probably put ourselves
to bed we're pooped so anyways guys I
guess we'll see you tomorrow
I don't know yeah we'll probably see you
tomorrow too so don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
we shall just
