getting attacked by the mommy what
Elmo's face geez you just ate a piece of
cheese I'm sorry
you'll go to the car where's your shoes
hey guys good morning happy Sunday we
are here at the London er and Rock while
eating some lunch with some church
family and Abram wants to PA RK but he
ain't getting it hi Allison there's
Matthew Matthew stay tonight with us
last night
he shot a wedding with skirt keeps
trying to get away we're going to go eat
he wants that over there we're gonna eat
first okay and my mama so my mom never
been in on the vlog in a while you guys
are gonna but she's in Florida for a
little bit
oh my gosh like this is Sam there maybe
you try to fall asleep on the table
Abrams about to fall asleep on the floor
he's so tired
everybody we finally made it to the park
everyone made it to spark don't slide
Abram it's a big slide I'm gonna go down
this big slide look at this guy this
guy's getting big guys let me tell you
what today's sermon was really good guys
we've been doing a series on consumerism
like different things on how we're
basically worshiping the creation or the
creature rather than a few and it should
been it's just been so awesome been such
a blessing
today's message was touching on the
prodigal son whoa good job dude getting
sick yet we all right man I want to push
you next you want mommy and daddy you're
not having fun
Uncle Matt Matt no that thing has about
the prodigal son he showed up to his
father's house very regretful and before
he could like express being regretful
his father took him back and said get my
best rope put a ring on his finger and
that's kind of how God does for us email
true get on there when we're lost sheep
you know I'm gonna spin you then jump on
it see how long I could stay on the
sinner without falling start off slow
so you get the exact center right
I just do this she's been opposite won't
get sick see it's got a spoon office
fit-out see this is how you do it let's
just hey keep her getting sick thank you
a bump too much on the like outside of
the circle now you stop it free simply
you got to stay at Nana's house for the
first time in a long time last night how
was it yeah I think we're going back
until daddy's baseball game that's right
Sam played softball with the other men
in our church for each rock wall and
we'll be going to that later today I
guess you guys will get to see some of
the footage of that hopefully they'll
have a good game the last few games i've
gone to they had like i guess this would
be the fifth game i've gone to I don't
know like the third but they played two
in a row I don't know but they lost they
haven't been having a good season so
we'll see hopefully our boys can win
today huh I'm so stuffed and it's really
hot in here and I'm dressed I'm totally
dressed for fall
my dress is really long wearing boots
and socks and I'm just whoa let's say
you're gonna stare off the tracks no you
guys are driving a straight line
symphonie named this train park Koko
this is a really cool little playground
guys look how long it is there's
different little passages like all under
there it almost looks like a little dog
park or something you go through there I
would have loved this time thing as a
kid what y'all go down the slide come on
another door come on everyone's go down
this night yeah it's kind of a big slide
huh you know go down no you want me to
hold you you sit on my lap my lap no
duty watch daddy you can do it now you
want to do cuz daddy can do it whoa whoa
good job man for music okay you can do
it I'm out like oh wow this is guys we
got train tracks on the sidewalk well
there he goes again
oh yeah dangerous you know good point
or jump on trains trains like these guys
right here I don't know what's going on
the lamp
I like it yeah this is the Children's
Park poteete there's
is ready to play with some
when this time
are you gonna be done each cheerleader
says
I don't know sometimes agent cheers for
her daddy and mr. Sam I'll cheer for you
you're his official cheerleader about
sharehouse it's hot out here as I was
saying earlier as Park and I'm dressed
once again for cooler weather I thought
it was gonna be cool
Sam was just up to bat we love the
vlogger in the car we're not used to
having it with us after this big long
break we took so and try to catch a
little footage of him for it's too late
oh it's already too late okay he made it
to another base which is good
never mind it looks like he got out did
you get out Sam he went straight up in
the air right above my head 13 to 1
we're home no we're visitor there home
not to good guys see it mama too big
Johnny wanna run it one of our pastors
outreach Rockwall got that car buddy
that's not my car
you may an alarm go off today by doing
that the most exciting part of today was
me catching a ball house my first time
actually catching the ball in the
outfield throwing game so that was
pretty exciting no I can't on there baby
nobody wants to see you need
well guys we're getting ready in the
night make some wheeze for dinner and I
meant some creme brulee for tomorrow
we're going to a little church gathering
which we've been doing every Monday
which has been awesome here's what Avery
was up to he is pushing around my
screwdriver good job buddy
and here's my creme brulee over here
guys
I've been trying so hard to perfect it
since I have any blogging I have these
here that made for Nia little small
portions of it and there's the thing
that I keep running into is it keeps
like cooking a layer on top of there
give you a quick out there how do you
prevent that from happening I'm turning
the oven down lower this time I think
maybe the top isn't overcooking
it's really tricky to get things early
right but I'll show you guys the
after-effects tomorrow what sure you
don't forget eight bars like Abram then
what do you do ah you do it buzz now
it's your first time how are you gonna
teach him that cuz we had a lot of
trouble teaching does the ears bread how
you gonna teach your kids that no I'm
gonna teach them how to make them hey
guys just finishing up our day here Sam
and I are getting ready to read together
we've been taking a break from Netflix
at night and we've started reading
together different things just and
talking about it
kids are in bed it has been such a long
day seriously like we were out from the
time we left church till after his game
tonight and our kids in take a nap and
it just felt like so just one of those
days that was really long and everyone
was tired and so I'm looking forward to
a good night's sleep tonight but
I just kind of wanted to reiterate to
guys that we don't really have a
schedule yet so I know if some of you
are used to us uploading blogs every day
at five o'clock in the past and right
now we're just gonna be kind of here and
there I guess and we'll probably still
be taking a couple days off a week just
so that we don't like just you know dive
back into it - suddenly you're with too
much but yeah I just wanted to fill you
guys in on that but other than that
we're glad to be back thank you for your
support looking forward to this next
step in our vlogging journey and as
always don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
