you think we lock this kid in a cage all
day
Abram this is not your first time to be
outside man come on sissy let's go no
scaring what your teeth
I can't scare him when it comes to
scaring people because I like to scare
people too well scare the viewers no I
can barely look at you I wasn't scaring
you guys you got it Mickey noise or
something
Oh something I don't know vampires a
purple teeth but that only Barney had
purple teeth
those are Barney teeth is there Barney
teeth sent me I don't think he has these
big ones but you think they're buying
teeth otherwise no their vampire teeth
come on everyone let's go here she comes
until pretty nut similar you guys like
my hair first time singing it there it
is I know what it looks like in the back
so I'll just show you the front he's
been all day so she came home with it
one day I just walked up towards like
her what's different about you
cuz from the front you can't tell she's
like did you die I thought maybe she
just dyed it a light brown or something
she turned around I'm like so we're on
our way to Beau and show us house
something new about us since you guys
have it since we haven't been on YouTube
is that we go to youtube I mean we go to
YouTube we go to Rockwall about two
times a day that's what it really seems
like today we got to see show the
presentation that knee will tell you
about yes I saw her do its it was a
symposium so it's like an all-day thing
information about I just never held
things in her her section was on finding
beauty and grief and loss and you guys
made she just battled breast cancer she
overcame it
she's healthy now it was really
beautiful there was a lot of times
anyway so we did that and we're headed
back to their house now
yeah with the kiddos think we decided
we're probably not gonna blog there
we're still not that comfortable in
front of the camera yet and there's a
new couple there you guys haven't met
Tim and Maddy they're a part of our
gospel community compared that's also
something new we've been doing with our
church every week hey buddy you guys are
in for a surprise as we start vlogging
more Abram has learned how to say quite
a few things
supposedly symphonies to kindergartner
how's school going babe update the
viewers whoa my you don't like it come
on to that
Gosei I had a bone you've been waiting
go say hi to Bo he knows well cuz well
everyone wants another one of my gourmet
cookies can you have another one Bo oh
you want fun too
everybody gather around the cookies
Abram well we just made it home but kids
get ready for bed
oh no open it one second one second okay
no I think daddy actually used to pick
the book I like quack-quack Oh daddy
it's my turn but he likes quick quick
that's his favorite book gonna pick oh
okay
okay guys and speaking of Abraham's hair
earlier saying was saying we're gonna
learn to detangle it April from April's
life who sent me this awesome brush
times three she is so great
also sent me that she said this is her
favorite detangler smoke therapy biosilk
and i'm gonna try this out I'm gonna
make a station in Abraham's room and
everything like I'm gonna get a little
basket with a wet brush this detangler
just hit me something else too for like
detangling hair what was it not that
thickening lotion and so we're gonna set
up a station and just learn how to
really take care of Abraham's hair I was
talking to shel tonight Samri listening
and not if you guys haven't noticed he
has really curly curly hair like a
little baby fro and his hair I run my
fingers through it and it's so smooth
just like no not Robyn she said she
really works on it I think the problem
is that yeah the rats nose back there
and he has fine hair like me my hair is
tangled right now and I just brushed it
I keep already like getting stuck ah
but anyways guys so day one back in the
vlog life it's pretty rough left over
here no yeah so day one back in the vlog
life it was a little bit of a transition
I think it might be a little rough as we
get get our feet back in the water how
you say that but we'll see how it goes
we definitely plan to open up more about
what we what we have been dealing with
and how we've overcame and are
overcoming the events that have unfolded
in the last month and we want to be you
know raw and deep with you guys but it's
just gonna take us some time to get
there so just know that that's coming
and we plan on opening up more and we
really feel like we have something to
share I know I specifically feel like I
have something to share and and
something like a purpose for everything
we've dealt with beginning with when I
was pregnant before so stay tuned we'll
open up one day maybe I'll do something
on Nia's nest eventually getting a
little more deeper from just my side
but until then don't forget guys we love
you remember to love each other
