hey guys everybody with something basic
we missed you guys we really have been a
long time a lot has happened in the last
month on our last video guys we said we
were going to take a five to seven day
break it's been over a month now
I guess sorry about that but you know we
got to do it we got to do what we've
been important but um we're just
uploading a video today to give you guys
a little update on us and let you guys
know what's going on well we expect for
the future yeah symphonie started school
last month and she's doing pretty good
she doesn't like it very much
she cried this morning when I walked her
into class and Abrams doing really good
he just thrown to nap right now finally
went to sleep mm-hmm he's here at this
point where he doesn't even ever want to
go to sleep just plays and talks in a
sense so yeah as you guys know there's
been a lot going on with our family
first we had the pregnancy and that was
just like this huge you know exciting
time in our life and then shortly
following you guys know we had the
miscarriage and then we were both just
so sad about that and really affected us
to a degree that we really weren't
expecting and then you know I some of my
past mistakes came out into the public
eye and then I got kicked out of water
bear yeah so there's been a lot going on
in our family right now all at once what
is you know one of those things all by
themselves would've been a lot for us to
take on just as people in general and
there's even been other things kind of
that the media doesn't know about so
just a lot of emotional things we've had
to learn how to work through together so
during this time we've taken a step back
and just like put our focus on the
family on our church and God and we've
been seeking a lot of counsel with
friends and family in our church and
just seeking a lot of guidance the Bible
talks a lot about listening and taking
advice and instruction from other godly
people and that's exactly what we've
been doing to make sure we make the
right choices going forward the choices
that God wants us to make we honestly
probably should have done in a lot
like right when we had the miscarriage
and we just kind of kept trudging
through or things kept piling on makes
it a little more difficult you saw at
this point that's what we've been
reading everything and I'm just looking
at all our priorities and reprioritizing
so yeah our plans are what's our plans
honey we definitely want to come back to
you too we just don't know exactly when
that is yet
you know we originally said a week and
then a few weeks ago we hit posted on
Facebook that we'd be back in two weeks
again and honestly the timing just
doesn't feel right to us right now and
in the past I think we made that mistake
of not paying attention to details in to
the timing and what we feel like God has
for our family you know it's just time
for us to really pay attention to that
details we do miss you guys and Sam
plans on uploading some videos for
ethically like just other things like
symphonies first day of school I have
that footage and I do want to post that
still and then Abrams second birthday
have a couple clips from there so cute
and anything cute that happens between
now and when we start doing this
regularly I'm going to post and share
with you guys that the kids yeah but
other than that thank you guys so much
for your support and your love we have
it hasn't gone unnoticed in the meantime
if you guys want to be praying for
something specific I would say clarity
and togetherness as we make the
decisions with what to do next and don't
forget guys we love you our does a lot
each other see you next time
