what we just got kicked out of lager
fare guys he is really upset with me so
it was a couple other people I made a
really stupid rash decision while we're
hanging out in the lounge made by the
same guy loved by the same
got to live
we've got to give
in this together good morning guys I
just got the cutest text of the day and
I'm spinning stuff at you all sandy just
text me inside Symphony and cough have
arts and crafts together on Thursdays
that's so cute I'm like admit shoo
you're gonna cry Sam sandy just text me
and said that cuff and Symphony have
arts and crafts together on Thursdays oh
that's so cute hairstyles hair 101 with
April here like in person doing our hair
just like really cool just blended me up
a little bit
your wife is sell you out what you guys
know she is she's really good at what
she does
like I was telling the lady that did my
hair last time I was like my layers feel
thick this was like yeah I see that
shelf right there's father's shelf
there's a fix it a lock her door it was
than April 1 and she looks even more
like there's no like layers that are
thicker than the other they all blend
really good because I'm trying to be
more like Davey lately I'm using his
wife to do my hair in the morning and
now he's got this cool little style
going on look at his shirt like that
he's so stylish I don't have much style
I'm stinking belt on
should I just tuck that in there one
side about them how do I get that high
that is annoying voice and it's hard
it's a lifetime getting it you just like
inhale helium when you wake up it sounds
good coming from here when I hear it on
the computer it's like hype is but I
guess that's how everybody hears it yeah
that's we love it they did we love that
I people is if you're bringing french
toast no because I don't want to waste
it I don't wanna leave it sitting out in
there to the chicken can we buy
cannibalism damn we're about to feed the
chickens their own eggs we can host a
locked it it's just so weird
being greeted by fans right away guys
introduce yourself
completing the movie okay this is water
pair guys this is what it looks like
this is what we've been missing for the
past things three years they've been or
this is just mamas how you guys and once
she really is like like mama like a mom
at - and just hug me and I started
crying you are going to be on she's
going to be on stage with us during our
Q&A for like support and I don't know
everything looks like there's a like guy
down in front picture real mess - my
baby okay I'm not trying to keep I've
already cried twice trying to keep it in
check
I'm so grateful for her she came with
been Gina's Benji's mama / mentor and we
get to share her today I'm so happy
we get this little group meeting hi guys
are you all brothers and sisters okay
this little one wants us to sign his
football how cute oh yeah for sure
hey Rebecca Andrew we're going to do our
Q&A here in a minute or yeah so for the
Q&A
you guys are going to be asking
questions all right yeah not too
daunting out there all right guys Ben is
here to give us our pre-staged a stop
interview actually I don't interview
very often for like big stage like this
but on my Channel video influencers I do
so I do like Logan scale yeah talking
off the cuff but I say pep talk
pre-interview pep talk smiles are always
good smells you know I have like rabbits
off a good memory
good memory my head instead of Fes going
on I'm going back to our wedding day
when I was so nervous and stressed
standing at the altar and I looked the
doors open and he's standing there in
the white dress
and the floodgates open the floodgates
lost all peripheral vision became
television looking shredded Nia
you guys know bid you prepare for moving
us up he came completely prepare I
didn't care for my office and I just
wondered
he's prepared to escort us off the stage
safely I don't think our strong
supporters arrived today being April
subscribe describe it in papers life
a shout out to myself I just went there
you
Oh
how do we do man the rocket on its on
rolling good shake Harlem back there we
go you guys got ran from his soils
coming I knew it
look at this guy this is what I
it's viral frozen person oh you guys
recognize me he'll try you may have
sorrow now but I will see you again and
your heart will rejoice you have no
aunty
remember here
nice all right we're headed to the
lounge to get a sack and we just did our
QA I've been like a nervous wreck today
so good to see a friendly face right
away we're ready for the lounges April
April justin.tv check about we love
these guys this is Ben songs and
supportive all this craft that means I
love you I didn't mean like really
though just standing here
okay I feel like I should talk about
Ellie and I just office anything on
people I don't like let's walk around
some bases
close your left Robin are you reading
comment what we just got kicked out of
lager fare guys he is really upset with
me so it was a couple other people I
made a really stupid rash decision while
we're hanging out in the lounge there
just kind of explained I won't mention
any names but there was a couple of
vloggers family vloggers at that when we
had our miscarriage and we posted a
comment on Twitter about being proud of
her unborn baby changing our lives and
making a huge difference in our lives
I'm retweeted it and said it's jacked up
that I had said that another one liked
it so they pretty much teamed up and
were bullying us is what it was that's
all that it was they're bullying our
family the first guy I approached I told
him that uh I had read what he wrote and
it hurt our family extremely hurt our
family it actually brought me to tears I
told my forgave him I said just want to
let you know man you caused a lot of
hurt within our family but we've
forgiven you we've moved on we've moved
past this and I just want to let you
know we've forgiven you but then today I
had approached the other guy I couldn't
help myself
he was attacking our family in a public
forum has another family full of
bloggers I just really got to me so I
was going to approach him and let him
know that I forgave him too but instead
of telling him that right away I pushed
him and said hey man I saw that you like
this post I was wondering why you liked
it he said that he could like whatever
he wants he got he got a little bit
defensive right away and he was just
like I can do whatever I want I was like
I understand that but can you can you
explain further why you liked it just so
I better understand where you're coming
from I wanted to apologize at omaha's
sorry about it I lost my cool
nothing got physical at all it was just
a verbal altercation
but um they weren't comfortable with us
coming back in and anyway I'm deeply
apologetic that I acted so stupid
there's just so much going on right now
and I'm just an emotional wreck I'm
pretty much an emotional wreck right now
I'm really sorry for the people we
didn't get to meet and just I hope you
guys can accept this apology and maybe
understand where I'm coming from
I was hurt I was we were all hurt by
that hey guys
today has been one of the hardest days
of my Ninian's life by far especially
for Nia just so much going on with us
right now
just entirely too much and the vlog
right now is just not feasible for our
life right now
we're going to take a break for about a
week maybe five to seven days not really
sure yet could be less could be a little
more not positive yet but as of right
now we just know we need a small break
to spend time with each other focus on
what's important to us and yeah but
we'll be back okay we're going to miss
you guys we'll see you soon thanks for
being patient with us during this really
rough time in our life but we'll be back
the freighter family will be back and
we'll be back as strong as ever
see you guys
