morning honey
good morning chaps it's not really
morning anymore but it's morning for us
because here in Seattle it's not as
sleepless as the movie makes it out to
be you know to me we slip the blogs will
go up late today because this
gently-used
so we're into pizza for breakfast how do
you say a green peg Leo Chi Hey
okay look at this crazy pizza guys I
don't even know what I'm eating exactly
she's like Verde sauce and this is
Dakini tomatoes causing the cold for how
long so don't with breakfast guys now
we're off to our house we did the video
uploaded trying to find it for all I
feel it looks like very steep
the dictation is on your right okay this
is where we're at it says when you
arrive at the health to Mozart by the
large Laurel hedge or I must define must
be this hedge it's a lot of hedge the
house is brick and you'll spot a small
red cottage on the property the house is
brick honey I don't see a brick house on
the right is it back there this is the
house is brick
oh I think we need to keep driving right
found parked in the right hands bought
their Pathfinder up here go ahead and
wander around the brick house to the
back and you'll see two doors The
Hideaway has a few steps down let your
door open beg you didn't oh whoa these
are blackberries holy smokes look at all
these blackberries - not as big as Texas
but what their head looks hip knee
blackberries remember we picked them
together go get some out of the fridge
and eat with me ready I hate all those
computers we're gonna hang out here for
Matt being give me long enough I wanted
to fill my cup all the way up where is
he good not like in 15 when I'm drinking
mmm all right I think we found the brick
house guys right down there that's the
red cottage isn't it cute
maybe not down there please tell me
we're not staying down there babe he's
pretty cute in there really go around to
the back of the house you said is that
it no she has a couple steps down it's
back here somewhere that's up oh it's
down here there's our place right there
the hideaway the signs on the ground is
supposed to be above the door and a key
should be under the mat there it is the
green key hello
okay mmm they were walking through
somebody's house here's one of the rooms
oh here's the other bedroom it's got a
really cool vintage set up here don't
believe in everything you think you got
some tools that got a little tight
reading some old whiskey bottles Fortune
magazine's cool everything very vintage
in here even the couch skeleton keys to
the world hey guys I'm in our bathroom
at Airbnb getting ready just fin
strings on my hair the lady that cut my
hair down a count me bang and I love it
because it makes my swoops higher up and
lower down
I mean go down or whatever they're
higher up so the curls like are longer
it seems like yeah yeah her hair's cute
but what tasty these chickens they're
adorable
hey little chicky chicky chicky nest Oh
everyone love you guys and so what's
sissy we actually have fresh eggs here
from these chickens woes are plump
Tomatoes look at that that is massive
I want that on honey we couldn't grow
something like this in Texas if we try
daddy's supposed to be those talent look
at that thing holy smokes
can you please build me one of these
like the whole setup with the big the
big rocks along the edge of the house
please I want a garden because the
weather out here is just amazing just
feels so good as a kind of weather you
just want to like reach out and just
kiss like hmm
guys I just texted the owner of the
house and she said we can eat a tomato
you got the salt honey Tim here Timmy
hey that sucker looks like a pumpkin
Joe's like a passionate fight here Tim I
go over here take a needle it's so soft
that's good your unit for that side
already knows huh
brat public market with the sh movies
hey Dana and her cute little twins in
there I can't wait to see em oh hello
mr. photographer we don't want to eat
here anymore
oh really doesn't have much of an option
okay
keep walking it's good
those are clouds way back there those
are definitely male it's the earth
concentrating really hard
what's it going to look like what's it
gonna look like Sam's taking a panoramic
shot turn it sideways so the viewers can
see they want to see it
oh my we just witnessed the wreck guys
these cars ran into each other the cop
car inside the car the cop was running a
red light
are they okay yeah all the cops fault
too
it's okay crazy everybody's okay but
it's the cops fault
Seattle drivers come on that happened
right in front of us like a man
it's April me up off the street yeah she
was hitchhiking hey that's a cute girl
me to get her stop Sam so I know this is
April though we're rooming with them at
our cute little cottage thing Nora and
he's already not embarrassed she just
got back from a cool hair thing gosh
what was that exactly just like redken
retconned exchange and it was like a
three-day color class master mix pop
that means
what time does Davey come in tomorrow um
I think he gets him like at 9:00 so he's
just probably gonna take an uber yeah
she's been she's been trying to freak us
out of those hey cm can you go check and
see if there's huh she actually is
really pretty too
this is Mandy's her name's Erica erica
this is Erica meeting she's more Italian
our coffee guy no he's kidding yeah
thank you this is our host Oh of our
house Costa Rica it's like a video
production company we do vlog oh you're
a vlogger fair oh sweet go long oh yeah
I guess so goes on the channel I didn't
like I'm gonna learn how to use this for
the first time in your no they won't
I didn't even ever know yeah that's key
yeah way to work he just showed us I
want to see something I'll be up before
you guys that's true so watching me go
you should be just enough for one french
press of these two different two
different types of coffee
oh gosh Sam you're so funny all right
guys now that we've learned how to make
French press coffee we're gonna go to
bed and anticipate that so don't forget
to come back tomorrow go to vlogger fair
with us we're all really excited and
can't wait this is all of our first year
to do it and also don't forget hi same
Ania I'm Sam I'm 11 years old and I'm
here with my dog Charlie Brown and we're
both here to say don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other bye
and mister
