I'm packing fruit they don't even know
we're going anywhere alright guys I'm
the blue car he's the orange car we're
gonna play online everyone in the salon
looked at me like I like had the plague
or something they were all just kind of
like what a snob hey guys how's it going
today if you can't tell I'm solo in the
car in the freezing cold I'm headed out
for just a little bit of Mommy time I
have been feeling so cooped up in the
house it's freezing outside
I hate being outside when it's this cold
and as a resort of that I'm either in a
lazy mood or I want to clean non-stop
all day so I told Tim I was like when
kids go down for a nap I'm just gonna go
out and coffee get my nails done for New
Year's and just kind of like so get some
outdoor mommy time
I think I'm gonna get that my mom gave
me a gift card to Starbucks and I'm so
excited to use it for the first time
right after Christmas on a day where I
just like really wanted to get out of
the house and go enjoy like some mommy
time and I'm doing a lot of kids are
napping so I have no mom guilt for
leaving everyone at the house sandwich
chilling doing some work on some stuff
getting ready to play some Xbox this
truly feels like Christmas break I feel
light and we have days like today where
we can kind of lounge around and like
just do little things that we want to do
versus things that we like have to get
done I feel like it's true Christmas
break like I'm out of school again and I
have no homework and it's like yes hi
can I please get a grande black and
white latte yeah yes ma'am that's a
thank you thank you good day thanks mom
it is super good look how bad I need a
pedicure you bye and the toes are
chipping like crazy
okay guys there's a final product and
back in my car now my toes look the same
I did like a New Year's theme and tried
to do like a gold and rose gold ombre
effect however I did have a little bit
of a mess up inside the salon which is
why I didn't show you guys in the salon
but at one point I had asked the lady to
redo two of the nails because they
didn't look like the rest and they
really did not my ring finger was
supposed to be totally all gold not the
ombre effect and that's what she did
but she did it really sparsely and it
looked really odd I'm not kidding and
normally if I find something really odd
about my nails I won't ask them to redo
it but this really did look really odd
because this bright gold on black is
like Boldin in your face so a little bit
of a mistake so anyways I asked her if
she would redo them and I swear to you
guys everyone in the salon looked at me
like I like had the plague or something
they were all just kind of like what a
snob I can't believe she would ask them
to redo two nails just two nails I guess
she just thought it looked really good
maybe but she like literally guys like
threw her towel down threw her tools
down and was like yelling in her
language to the lady next to her and I
was just like oh my gosh almost just got
up and walked out but at that point
someone else had already said that he
could come and refix it so he fixed it
and it was so easy it took like five
minutes or something it was so super
easy but I'm done now I'm going home I
was at the salon for over two hours it's
so fitting Easter we're gonna get her
some New Year's Eve nails - oh yeah
you don't need to do your nose - I think
the baby won't turn yellow son - how
about we do this color for you or didn't
know mommy's oh there's a color for you
come sit right here
good job what a big girl she knows to
sit down good job
ooh-wee look at those toes oh yeah what
are you doing it just cleared but no pun
hey bro
if they were going to get your nails
painted that I'm gonna get my mouth okay
don't you remember when I get your toes
pink and yellow yeah yeah stay down
first alone is this about oh is it that
love
oh shoot daddy utilize your xbox your
yellow bombs oh okay do you guys like it
you guys like what you're seeing on the
TV screen what oh I'm in I'm in your way
whoops whoops whoops Oh guys I'm the
blue car use the orange car we're gonna
play online with two random players and
these are all the different games we can
choose from we're gonna standard doubles
under chaos form for here's a good look
at our cards we're driving top view
bottom view as you can see I have a
little look says the Star Wars of the
ball I'm on the left Elijah's on the
right
I'll stay back okay I'm coming in I'm
coming in Jericho I'm going in Oh scored
I was the first one to score get out of
here man you know it's like get out all
right here we go one alleged you gotta
get there buddy you got to get there
this isn't a game you I show this
I can't stop it getting this oh I see to
the first 2.00 I just know these are you
soon as possible just ten to two one all
we're gonna do this man oh boy
yes sure yes you have given up on me cuz
it's your something you are I'm not get
out of here Oh boom
are you serious I just made the third
goal on our team that's too easy
I'm packing for a trip for here's Eve
they don't even know we're going
anywhere it's all right now I'm in a
tricky position because I've gotta try
to pack their stuff without their no way
leave tomorrow and they probably seem
pleased when she's sleeping cuz on she
was good now she doesn't really see what
I'm doing her doesn't wake up to me in
her room so I'll probably wait new
husband is right now she'll catch on the
one I'm doing my hair is not so look at
that look how long my hair's getting
guys that's crazy
you know what patients can do you can
get hair like this as long as you're
patient and you can just deal with it
the mental stages eventually I'll be
able to pin it back you know and hold it
all back that I don't want be in my way
which is kind of what I want to do like
a man but eventually maybe I'm thinking
about doing like um like some dreadlocks
or just like braids I'm not sure yet
what do you guys think I should do with
all this Aaron so much to do comment of
the day he goes two days in the life of
jasmine I got the same present of
Symphony Symphony it comes with so many
things like bath bombs accessories and
four dolls
I guess she's talking about the lol
surprise a symphony did a video of that
on her channel so if you guys are gonna
go check that out we'll put a link in
the description thanks for joining us
and got some fun things coming up not
too much going on around here and with
that being said we'll see you tomorrow
God willing don't forget we love you
remember to love each other
hello 2018 we're making and you guys are
gonna vote on the best one lease
Elijah's laughing at me
