by the same guy day
to live
got to give
in this together good morning Symphony
water part-time clothes ever get out of
there
tears gonna be a fun day guys we're
going to the water park with that
Stephanie Jessica I'm really excited
spend some time with them I really need
a tan so I'm excited about that
it feels great out here it's not like a
horrible miserable day like it has been
for the past month this is aunt
Stephanie he's been awesome all these
years he's a hard-working man takes care
of his family very well and as Steph has
nothing but nice things to say about him
hope you have fun watching the ball
today my teeth are still hurting
horrific Lee sided buddy you see the
slides when we pulled up did you see the
big slides are you gonna go down the
slide with Daddy
okay Wow guys we actually made it to
Hawaii Falls can you believe it took us
over two hours to get here
but we made it and we're happy we're
here at one
Wow
whoa her stuff get your wife is looking
really good out here I'd be careful keep
an eye on this
in the last time we were here Michael
was flying off their whole life how long
ago was that a year what you know right
year since my twin brother left me yeah
that's right he left me and aunt
Stephanie is gonna go down the pineapple
Express with me right right stuff
the pineapple express you're gonna go
down there with me we want to go to the
wave pool like everyone wants to go and
no one's getting up to go go to the wave
pool yes or no
ohmmm you ready put some big news here
you guys ready tomorrow in the morning
ready
surely those two reporters are coming
over to our house once in California and
one from New York hired by ABC to come
interview our whole vlogging process and
they would actually meet us out in
Seattle and do a huge piece on us
they're getting interviewed on our Q&A
at vloggerfair kind of so what we do as
what is it's going to be really
interesting I'm totally up for it I
think it'll be fun just a way to
introduce to the world so make sure you
guys come back tomorrow come free off
getting back here you can tell cute
Abram spilled our Doritos back there
Bobby uh-oh
that was an awesome day man I wish we
came earlier I had so much fun I was
sick me when it went down the pineapple
Express with me
that maybe next year maybe when you're
sick okay hey duty I'm seeing you are
you mr. flaw person right now he's floor
person unfortunately all good things
have to come to an end I really don't
want to leave though I just don't want
to leave guys
but gosh you miss this one Jessica you
missed it she's searching for bugs all
through our house guys
my mom saw two bugs last night and she
said Sam if you're gonna make me stay
here watch the kids for the next four
days you have to step on the ball you
don't see the bug I found here it is no
it's okay it's not real it's the fake
one
what you knew that it's okay look it's a
nice bug it's a nice book okay I'm sorry
look I'm gonna eat it I'm gonna eat the
bug
I ain't yeah that is you know but about
to you show us what the glasses look
like on here did you hear that no no
hope you guys had a fun day and I hope
you enjoyed our vlog today we got a lot
of cleaning up to do we have ABC News
coming to our house in the morning to
film our family it's going to be crazy I
know guys don't wait I keep trying to do
it but yeah hey guys it's Joey don't
forget that we love you and remember to
love each other
what they missed
