morning everyone female woke up right
and early with the kids and let me and
Sam sleep in until 9:30 nice and then
hug bad that you yo Abram knew he got an
eye see when it was time for people to
leave and he was telling her go go we
went through a lot of family stuff last
night and had really long talk we stayed
up from 8:45 to 1:00 in the morning
talking about stuff didn't we Bebo yep
and it was really didn't sleep the wrist
yeah neither one of us went to sleep in
till like 4:00 a.m. but we was in my
room and I was in Andrews room with Sam
but anyway um Kenny's Audion house let's
go in what'd you say you're welcome baby
this is one of those days that's already
dragging by it's like already almost nap
time it's noon almost 12:30 and I
haven't even a breakfast yet and I'm I'm
hungry the kids already munch I'm like
what has one day gone by I want you to
tell you that after naptime
Jessica and aunt Stephanie are coming
over and I'm wearing the dress from them
too it's beautiful and her frozen bow
for Mama
Vicky bite mmm yummy BBQ Oh
Symphony and I are doing some lessons
here and instead of teaching her how to
write with their hand we're doing it
with their foot I'm taking this to the
next level all right baby what's letter
G on her right hand today again okay can
you get to Jay hey think all right here
we go
so what was it in this guy okay grass
hook the dirt is that what it is and
this guy something look at that you made
a good Jay that's even better moves your
foot in your hands it's a little spider
huh
go ahead write a tell right here trace
that okay
and I didn't drain well straight enough
good job hey guys
kids are napping now my mom made our bed
so pretty and I'm gonna chill with Sam
while they net mom here Oh as you guys
know we are trying to have another baby
and in the past when we tried we didn't
really track a lot of stuff we didn't
try as hard as like you know following a
calendar and so so Sam here who's not
really here found me a really awesome
app and I've been looking at it it's
really cool I wanted to show it with you
guys share it with you guys it's a free
app you guys can go download it too it's
for Apple phones Android phones or even
the Apple watch which I don't have I
want one and I thought that was pretty
cool you can really keep up with it it's
into reminders and alerts kind of like
if you were getting a text and that's
cool for me because I'm very forgetful
so there it is clue don't hate on the
amount of emails I've got so here it is
this is basically the calendar and how
it works and I love it because it's so
simple and it tells you when you have
your period and you can click on the
date and talk about like what kind of
symptoms you had basically the more
information you give the more this app
learns about your body and begins to let
you know like what's going on inside of
you it's you know it kind of tracks are
you are you having skin problems every
time or are you cramping more at this
time than that time and it kind of warns
you like it'll start to warn you you're
gonna have heavier cramps in this day
then once the period is over it kind of
leads you into your fertility window
which I have never ever kept up with
that in my life I'm actually in my
fertility window right now today is what
the 13th or the 14th Oh today though the
13th this is today and so today I'm
still in my fertility window I can click
on it and talk about what my body's been
doing talk about what's been going on it
tells you how fertile you are so like
tomorrow is my most fertile day I've
been using this for like a little over a
week and already just seems so spot on
like before I was able to enter some of
my information like dates from my last
cycle and all that it already had like
logged in the information predicting
when I was going to start PMS and all
that and it was like on track with the
days that I started and stopped so once
again this is the clue app I'm really
excited to use it because it is just
really so simple to use it's really
clean to look at
and it's kind of fun I like entering in
all these specific details about myself
you know at certain times of the month
and I'm looking forward to using it and
if you guys are interested in trying
this app for yourselves I'll put a link
down in the description also I'm sure
some of you are wondering about all the
family history my mom and I were talking
about yesterday or Bebo she brought over
some of my birth mom's things and we
went through them and it was kind of
Craig gray I found a letter or a poem
whatever you want to call it that she
wrote to me two of them actually all
have to share one later maybe I feel
like I want to share but kind of dull
but anyway we'll see it's been it's been
on my mind a lot today it's kind of
affecting me in a weird way that I
didn't expect it so
my mom passed away when I was little for
those of you who don't know that Samson
getting at me like go get out of here
stop talking that's such a hard worker
honey
hey how was everybody doing today I hope
everybody's doing as great as I'm doing
I am so pumped right now about vlogger
fair guys I really hope we get to see
you guys oops sorry here's the finished
post what do you guys think and I made a
mistake of painting the top and I wanted
to tell you that I'm this excited
because today I get to do a haircut yeah
we're all getting haircuts today get
ready for school and vlogger fair and I
don't know we just like on a whim we're
like ok I guess we'll get Abraham's
haircut too because we're all going like
he's on my baby
are we really cutting his hair we'll see
what happens who knows what this is even
gonna work out anyway guys as I was
saying we have a couple exciting things
coming up at vlogger fair just like
things we just realized we're going to
be evolved in a couple of q and A's and
a couple of panels I think or one panel
but um we haven't made an official
announcement guys we are going to
blogger fair we would love to see you
guys there it's going to be on the 1920
the 20 anyway we're leaving Wednesday to
go to that and I'm just so pumped about
it Kaitlyn first I'm so proud who you
get a little booster seat yeah too-tall
should she take the sucker every mouth
if she's in there I'm getting her on
there ok
you excited Symphony yeah
you really high off the ground so don't
jump okay a long way down
well I mean you can fix it it's
obviously not yeah dad can you shower -
yeah look at me maybe some marries again
like straight ahead okay what what are
you gonna do probably I think something
happen could do what are you thinking
about going to my first day of school
look straight ahead baby
Oh fissures 1 for 8
Oh shower
first cut good-- up here whoa oh I love
it give me five good job there's a rose
first haircut and she gave us this
little card to fill up for his baby book
this sippy since when we give Annie a
bath tomorrow you won't pick out a bed
for her come over here it's way too
small for Annie she's a big dog yeah I
like that one
yeah me too is probably a thousand
dollars though chart out something lay
down in it you think any will be
comfortable in there April try it out he
wants to try that one out lay on the
pillow this one okay now who's the
winner
look miss Indiana Jones here
and his accomplice can Annie fit in any
room oh my gosh you guys the whole
haircut scene that was just too much for
me
I was had like tears when Abram got in
chair it's already enough that Symphony
starting school for the first time ever
I know Abram getting his first haircut
my heart wasn't prepared for his first
little logs to be cut we didn't touch
the back of it though he just had like
his bangs trimmed because I always like
down in his face and kind of a mess hi
guys like my haircut
my mom doesn't like it it's not styled
yes she said she'll be back my aunt
Stephanie loves Jessica what do you
think of my friend that she's so 15 you
know that you are so 15 that I am not
nearly Abram are about to go to bed we
just got home from a very boring meeting
actually didn't Garwin Tara tell us why
they did the meeting but so it's going
to be the first thing we include one of
you guys is out shows I've been chosen
it yet but they'll come right after this
so I won't have to say it today I'm
always going to be really fun we're
going to a water park and we were into
cabana and we're gonna water parking for
a long time so I was holding Kate
tonight Erik's baby and I was just like
in love was like naina can't have
another baby it just brings so much
happiness children bring me so much
happiness unending happiness but we'll
see you guys tomorrow don't forget oh
wait oh converted to us don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
