morning bubby everyone got mad at me
this morning she was brushing his hair
he was trying to escape and I'm just
chasing around the house actually pulled
it Abram are you upset with Daddy he
went no would you like you you're not
mad at daddy
me okay good uh-huh oh it's gonna be
adorable isn't it bright and cute it
goes in the world
Abram are you going to go to church this
morning come on
hey Richie ha ha ha keep color on here
goodie I thought these would go great
together but they came to church today
you're going to get your last lesson on
prayer we get a three-week lesson on
prayer when you made your Parramatta
today after church I could just spend
the afternoon with kids again me just
like breaking me and like right away
like here's the kids honey it's time for
you to watch him and I'm going to see my
aunt Stephanie hasn't arrived Stephanie
she medicine LA one time on a blog when
we went out to do a disney music video
Sydney too gave me the class today as
you cup alright buddy have a good class
we'll see you later okay from that
scripture never commands us to be
efficient
but always gives us pictures of how do
you think McDonald's time guys my
favorite restaurant you know that come
on guys
hi hey boo that does look fan oh come on
let's go inside slider fries I think
since slide and fry he was excited about
Bo so he puts it into one word my buddy
cute going up there he took care of our
meal today so nice feel really bad at
this time I really did to get my role I
have my wallet but I don't have my car I
love how every meet he takes a bite out
of each of his nuggets you want to taste
all of them before it gets full you guys
want to see what super dad look like
this is my super glad right here take
one more drink
watch this face guys
like you don't like it
whoa boy I didn't I'm sorry
oh you're all washed up what's up again
let's redo that team no you're fine my
car
why Heath and I were eating a huge group
of girls came up to us it's like Sam
from Sammy Nia and me is not here so I
was asleep foot so awkward the whole
times like you guys remember Heath right
they said yes like a little when they
remember me I was in like 2 episodes
keep it more than 2 you guys know really
short keep is my discipleship partner
we meet every other week now it used to
be every week it was really good meeting
you ladies sorry if I seem really
awkward and quiet your aunt I said hi
sure will guys I mom at an interview
today you should totally forgot about it
it's not funny guys are you ready see
and Stephanie Jessica for the second
time third third so introduce yourself
Jessica what's your name what do you do
what do you like to do where'd you go
oh my name's and you said it like a
bunch of time well don't want your full
name and so I watch a lot of TV nice
color yes I'm fine hey do you want a
watch just rarely rarely and Stephanie
introduce yourself again to all our new
viewers hey loving with my hair all way
and Stephanie is one of the ants that
never ages she has looked the same since
I was like a little boy I mean looks
like she would be my dad's I've aged
quite a bit to know Nia is to love her
oh you're so cute
I agree with the same about me she's
like a to me even though she's married
into the family I know I always say I
feel like she's my aunt and not Sam's we
just bonded right away whenever Sam and
I were getting married real what you see
is what you get oh oh I choose he is
definitely this week
she hangs out already you guys know
we're gonna recap Jessica later when her
hair dries but aunt Stephanie over here
guys let's play a game how old do you
think that Stephanie is but it said you
got a towel towel dresser to town
tomorrow
nobody you have a crush on it Stephanie
when you're a little boy you need
everything kind of matches your shirt I
can have a bite
mmm sure but ice cream come you gotta go
guys
Bebo's coming over me his mom and we
were spend some time with her today this
has been planned but where it is an ice
cream mount there's a loose kind pause
oh right behind me more Sun wait a
minute where did I do that he's gonna
start flirting with her yummy yummy
yummy ice so Sam yeah here's a fan we
could go against my hair I have to
losing weight
yes I lost my appetite good job here you
Jessica that step will see you tomorrow
Sydney can you come help me
need help hearing the bedframe in the
house for bebo what are you doing I
think it would be books real quick
won't you get a book after we get in the
house after we get it in the house yeah
we're gonna build it once we get into
the room but I still need my slippers on
okay you got it
move too heavy you want to help help us
it is heavy
all right bring it inside come on Abram
get under it buddy get under it oh you
did good get this ice in me I think
that's Ty's lighter pick it up from the
bottom there you go now she's got it
good job baby
I was giving a hard work this used to be
my studio guys when I was into studio
photography and this was all paneling
here I take the paneling down draw it
did the drywall I did a lot of work in
this room I even demolished a wall that
was right here that came around here
this was a closet and I took it down to
give me more space to take photos and I
had a feeling this wasn't going to come
with the cross support boards so I go to
my woodshop that's if I have some if not
we're just couldn't put that on the
floor now this girl can get some air man
look at this whoa ha I think we lucked
out today guys no these are cross
support boards
hey guys I'm just kicking dinner today
my mom's coming over tonight and it's a
treat for me to put for my parents
because they have taught me everything I
know about cooking and so I always get a
little nervous am I gonna do a good job
I'm making my famous according to Sam um
spaghetti and green bean casserole leave
us here oh my gosh what is he doing Sam
gave up on the bed back kidding me yeah
we're turning this trying to get back in
the blocks has been the hardest part I
can't figure out how to fit it back in
as well right
hey buddy going back out we're driving
oh I'm sorry the hotel so hungry six
minutes left I have had a hard time
eating this last week I'm not eating the
right foods I mean like gums hurts so
bad tom was my favorite well I'm not
just saying that
I guess not my bike hey Sydney hi dad
you know what I'm about to pee I'm about
to paint these recessed panels right
here blue yeah it's gonna be cool guys
before I take a batch oh yes yes how
could you possibly say no
this has been sitting for a while only
this part not this part yes this part
okay hmm
yeah you're helping me thank you you
know what color that is
yeah thank you a groom
Tiffany's learning how to mask off okay
Wow you did good babe but you taped off
the wrong line not this one
this line daddy I kinda need flashes for
this too
yeah I think you do right right along
the edge of it daddy likes perfection
look look how daddy does it like that
and then I'll sit back down here you go
all right guys you ready to see the
results I'm about to peel the tape off
this one and what do we have here honey
family history stuff ooh fun
this is what it looked like before this
is what it looked like in between with
that little cutie in there and this is
what it looks like after tada what do
you guys think I think looks good
one of the perks of doing this blue is
the kids always touch these and they got
dirty so fast so now they're blue but a
downside to it is I'm using flat pink
that's what we use that's the blue that
I have it's flat and that's kind of hard
to clean up we'll just see what happens
what's this little cocoon doing all year
you can't paint by your cocoon you have
to wait to a 22 a butterfly oh when are
you gonna be a butterfly
huh he's so tired he hasn't had a nap
today huh hello anybody home
I was expecting him to go I this is
where we're going to be sleeping today
guys people is going to take our bed
because it's higher off the ground and
easier on the back
oh you're nari bored so I wanted to run
this by you guys and me at the same time
so you guys know how we do our outro
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other I think instead of us
doing everyday maybe we should have you
guys email us an outro and we use it one
from you guys our email is Sam and Nia
at yahoo.com and if you guys are going
to do it on your phone make sure it's in
the horizontal orientation not like this
ok let's get creative with it be fun
with it and we'll just choose a
different one every day we'll put at the
end of our video and be kind of you know
get you guys in the blog yeah more a
part of our life in our life so the
question I chose from Melissa Moore
house why didn't you go to the doctor
for a check-up after your miscarriage
number one I have to get questions over
yes a very good question that a ton of
people are a ton of people hey I'm
married to an ER nurse he sees a lot of
miscarriages I do see him very often
very often guys I know exactly what a
miscarriage looks like and I know what
we do pretty much every time we have a
miscarriage
it's a watching weight type thing if
you're bleeding normally there's nothing
you can do
you just gotta wait and see if
everything passes fine and then you just
go about your day even like WebMD was
saying if you're only 6 weeks along
there's it's watching wait they like
literally set exactly what Sam just said
and it was saying it if you stop
bleeding or if your cramps intensify
like you know where you're doubled over
it cramping - call your doctor's office
no it doesn't even say go then it says
to call and talk to the on-call nurse
tell her what's going on and then you
two decide together if you should come
in and go to the ER whatever but she's
having pain or anything I'm normal
obviously we would have gone there's
nothing abnormal about her miscarriage
it really wasn't so we'll be looking
forward to your submissions tomorrow one
last time from the Raiders for I guess
the next month or however long we do it
I guess as long as we get them we'll
keep putting them in but last time for
us for right now don't forget we love
you
and remember no of each other you always
do it so slow I was gonna like slow down
and keep up with you for your time
fish out
