guys guess where we are good morning we
are ballet that's right we are signing
Cynthia / second semester her second
year it's a full year of ballet I have a
little ballerina on my hands you guys
when she did soccer it was very evident
that this wasn't something we were gonna
keep doing every single year but with
ballet she was like I'm gonna do it
again and she has asked me every single
week since ballet ended when she could
do it again so we are gonna head in and
talk to miss Erin that's her ballet
teacher and who just got married by the
way really cute and we're gonna go sign
up do you know why we're gonna go get
some snacks for our house do you know
who's with her though who not Chloe
Jessica and Stephanie is the aunt that
lives in California you're thinking of
aunt faith aunt Stephanie and Jessica
with the long blonde hair
let me show you a picture these two
people
Suhani is officially signed up for her
second year of ballet and i got some
things for the baby shower I'm going to
tonight miles out and I'll show you guys
that here in just a minute
Kroger had my favorite chicken nugget
ever this is so silly but there's Tyson
chicken nuggets there honey breast
tenders honey battered breast tenders
and they're so good my absolute favorite
so we're all having those for lunch
today with some veggies and fruit and
somebody I don't know if it was Sharon
or David but they love v8s at our house
last week and we've been drinking them
definitely replenish them from anywhere
but symphonies been drinking that's a
good way to get veggies in your sister
Abram I got your juice you have to drink
it differently
oh yeah it's hard to get up try again
what do you say baby
you're welcome only your will be Mickey
Mouse nah night did you get a new copy
and it scared me me Minnie Nike Mickey
camera drink
what no please oh don't do that to me
all right dream oh we have a drink
please
I want to try it that's a big boy Cup I
have my little bag hurricane's little
bundle her name is baby olive by the way
this is a baby shower for painting a
girl we go to church with I think owls
is her thing I'm not her percent sure so
I got this little thing for her car
seats 100 Bible verses for your little
girl toes ears and nose this is a really
popular brand and book format thing look
how cute this little onesie is too
little sleepers and this is my favorite
oh my gosh how cute is this kinds of
matching shoes with a little cat with
glasses on it and ruffles on the bottom
of the pants I was shopping today for
all this stuff there she is
just made me kind of sad seeing all the
little clothes I'm feeling kind of
strange about being around baby stuff in
general but I'm excited too for our free
paints
we have a bow making station and cute
Andrea is making a boat what kind of
what would be the cutest
I like how to say like layering pieces
here these are like Betty I just kind of
make advancement yeah okay I think this
is going to be mine kind of matches your
dress a little bit like it's really like
pretty and pastel oh that's really cute
those colors together
I killed the bag I messed it up so bad
it was such a cute bin - but we had ice
cream sundaes for painten's awesome
shower
are you excited you know Peyton just
announced to us all that she keeps all
of her cards and I was the one who
didn't bring a card because no one no
one keeps cards exactly I did I wrote a
note inside of a book so it's a
permanent card
and the headband allison is passing out
the whipped cream like literally she's
giving us like shots and now no I just
had dental work done like I can't open
my mouth up all the way
seriously I can't do it
no Jer she'll she'll do it come on open
up there we go the baby shower was
really good I was really good guys I
know you probably sure you have enough
today okay
can't get enough of this girl look at
that face you really can't get another
so what I told you guys I missed you
honey
I missed you too I'm very thankful for
you I miss Chan really I really did so
before the shower I wasn't expecting at
everything and I was telling you guys
how I felt a little nervous about being
around you know her big belly and gifts
and just seeing all the little precious
baby things but it was actually really
good and refreshing and actually
something really amazing happened while
I was there and so I'm really I'm and
I'm really looking forward to talking to
him about I'm not gonna tell him on the
vlog and I probably won't what happened
and what you know I realized while I was
there just because it's so personal
between me and also someone owes it to
me no I don't know how entertaining
honey it's like it without turning on
the TV I don't know how to do it
it's actually when it's so hard I do it
I do it no Megan own
I limit the TV in this house like
seriously on a regular week when we're
not going through all this emotional
stuff they watch an hour maybe two hours
for symphony a day starting to get dark
outside come on out I got to get the
spray paint though Oh symphonies laying
out our paint surface right now got our
spray paint as you can see this is where
we paint things I've got the word five
from symphonies birthday and here's my
one two three from our pregnancy
announcement that made me feel a little
emotional opening us up that was such a
happy morning such an early bright
morning for us we got up and I went to
Walmart like at 8 o'clock in the morning
came home when we made it so I forgot
you can help but we're gonna mainly have
sissy do it
you see hot pink tongs right there
you're pushing a little too hard baby
baby broom said oh ho here keep him oh
you want me to do something else and
there you have it guys some pink toms
$10 not yet they're not dry yet isn't
that really cute did I get all the sides
really good it looks like I need to do a
little bit more over here on the sole
they are beautiful I can't wait to wear
them they do it really cool first date
is cool yeah well they don't match your
outfit we have picked up in the first
day of school so we'll have to think
about it okay
what in the world did you get into ah
have you been picking your nose what is
this what is this hey paint where did
you get it hey can I eat it no but wash
your hands with symphony
don't touch anything but watch them in
the water
maybe when you got some soap yeah it is
hard damn doing the dishes for me that's
kind of rare around here that is so
sweet I thought over here like that
there was heat coming on the dishwasher
and I was like that's funny on it and
start the dishwasher and I looked at it
to make sure and I'm like yeah it says
clean is what I really see I'm gonna get
you you better run do you guys see what
he's holding
he came up and grabbed his number two he
said see see look he wanted to go and
take another picture with them what
number is that 3 what number is this
good job this one has nothing on it you
and sissy can paint that with your hands
today was kind of off day for me guys I
just did not feel like myself today
I don't know what it was but anyway
hopefully in the morning I'll get some
good night rest tonight wake up maybe go
for a jog that's what I'm thinking maybe
I need some exercise
get me through the comments and I think
I'm gonna take this question this is
from Kathy dang what made you decide to
get into nursing I realized that it was
never a part of your passion and what
suggestions gave me of those who are
still looking for the American dream job
for the OD pant basic I chose nursing
because it wasn't competitive I love
that the schedule allowed me to still do
photography on the side as long I was
hoping and don't only do three days a
week which is what I end up doing I may
or may not have gotten into nursing for
the wrong reasons I'm still not sure yet
I'm undecided about that but my advice
to you guys for looking for your
American dream is to work hard deal with
the thing you don't want to do and while
you're doing that thing you don't want
to do focus on the thing you do want to
do that's what I've been doing a whole
life there's always like over half of my
left my time spent on something I don't
like doing but I have to do to get to
where I want to go
so just remember just because you're not
doing what you want to do now you can
use what you're doing now to get to
where you want to go and that's what I
did this invested to my photography
with the equipment I had I was able to
make that first frozen video and I found
that I had a new drink which is make
videos which is long same lines is
creating photography and whatever but
yeah just hang in there you know don't
lose focus on what your passion is but
don't give up on the thing that's
supporting you either
that makes sense guys but anyway I'll
see you guys tomorrow morning for a fun
happy day with the Family Church day
will run out with some friends tomorrow
but don't forget as always we love you
and remember to love each other bye
