go mining little boy whoa what's he
doing hey don't get mommy away not my
feet yeah do your feet oh my good
morning guys it is like 9 o'clock in the
morning we're already outside playing in
the water this is Craig Craig I'm going
to a church meeting here in a little bit
with another lady who is a leader for
the children's ministry she's doing
crafts and I'm doing like the actual
curriculum and the lessons and splitting
away so we're meeting at my favorite
coffee shop here and tear all bubble
bubble and I'm excited to get me some
coffee talk about kids and ministry and
making named guys jumping a lot I was
just thinking maybe I should like focus
on that cuz that's like something's
really into right now maybe he's just
like a natural basketball player we help
you maybe I should like set something up
and like having you jump for it you want
to help you sissy then I'm happy you can
help her yeah there you go just hold it
for her while she does it know what a
big helper thank you buddy
look at him helping you sissy say thank
you
hey that's where the guy goes good job
all right Abram you guys are gonna take
turns okay sissies first just huh go
ahead sissy I'll take my thumb aspectos
again I was wondering that was his first
experience doing don't break the ice
because it was you not your pose oh yeah
all right guys you ready for the
question of the day if you could inherit
any quality from your parents what would
you choose we want to know what would
you guys choose you can choose any
quality from your parents tells them in
context a quality like you want to be a
good photographer like me or do you want
to be a good cook like mommy or do you
want to I don't know I guess that's
going qualities we have be a good aunt
yeah sure yeah you're really good house
more generous than my mom since I've
been home guys I've been spoiling the
dogs a little bit I've been feeding them
wet food and they just love it there at
the door right now
yummy yummy are you ready Annie don't
jump on me there you go nope that one's
yours there you go are you oh come on
wagging her tail
that means he's happy yeah she's really
happy right now
well it's hot it's hot hurry get in
shape get in shape there hey hey yo hey
yo log my plan is the next few days is
to get like one of those troughs and put
the dog to Annie and in that lease or
you won't let us she's scared of us
still sort of she definitely won't let
us wash her in fact I'm kind of afraid
because we picked her up off the streets
but I'm gonna wash Annie and let her
inside and you guys will be seeing a lot
more of her here soon just haven't had
time
okay guys the kids are bed and he and I
are by the play serious game oh you'll
break the ice
can we take those band-aids off your
arms and legs now I'll pull them off
real fast I won't even hurt well you
have to one I'm just asking how are you
gonna leave them on there daddy what if
I I like someone even you mean you want
to leave in monta you die no no I did
what if what if well I mean so when do
you want to take them off maybe when I
feel like I do maybe you'll feel like it
tomorrow morning maybe mm-hmm
it's crap time for the writers knees
over there doing her little crafty thing
making her Halloween wreaths baby look
what Oh start learning this year huh
Tiffany's over there making her play-doh
stuff I'm sorry to wrap it around
cinderella press down on the dress and
I'm just over here at my desk working on
wedding photos I like this photo of the
building looks kind of cool you guys
want to see it that one's pretty too
when you're doing a wedding at a church
that's in the middle of the city it's
hard to like separate the church from
the background just blends in with
everything there's cars decorated all
around the building there's houses in
the back in front on the sides and this
was literally the case with this and so
the best thing you can do which with
trying to isolate the building and to
make it stand out in the photo is to use
the sky as a backdrop so I get down
though I try to cut out all the little
buildings the lower you get the better
and more sky yet
get pictures like these or just like
completely cut out and get a nice
picture of the building but yeah just
your photo tip of the day guys you're
trying to cut out background that you
can't cut out get low and use the sky
daddy's here or do you want mommy
without daddy sometimes that crazy crazy
hair I love this guy's lay on my
shoulder they all my shoulder buddy eww
we're gonna go see mama baby bear lay on
my shoulder they on my shoulder neck
guys we're gonna have it draw in our
pantry because it's being made right now
I sent that one in it's gonna take a
week and a half they said to get it
ordered it's a special order door and I
decide I'm not gonna put a door here I'm
actually gonna take this off and make it
an entryway because there's no need to
put a door there yet Lambie in there yes
whoops
I mean Lambie please don't spank me and
you respect me for everybody I'm not a
lot of say Lambie anymore I told her
next time I said she could spank me and
every time I accidentally do it she
remembers that she gets to spank me
Lambie is allergic to bananas how do you
know did you feed herself no he just
told me well have you tried a theater so
see what happens
well once I did and then she said I'd
shoot and then I was like Lambie are you
okay then she said no but she didn't
tell me she was allergic to two bananas
that day did it give her diarrhea too
maybe
no she'd have the diarrhea finally
I was telling Sam I was like honey just
so you know this is your new life now
you tell me you want declutter you get
the car but if I want declutter now I
can go do it myself I have that time but
no no this person is a good boy Nia has
her dress pulled up guys can you believe
this still want me to show it but it's
cute we've had a lot of newcomers like
people who aren't even interested in
YouTube coming into our channel and like
seeing us vlog and show ourselves like
this like like we're special or our own
reality TV show and they just don't
understand it and I feel like we need to
us kind of do a quick introduction you
know vlogging is from what we understand
it's just sharing our family with the
world and we feel it's also a way to
shine God's light that's that's our
channel all these different vlogging
channels all have a different purpose
while they do it we also get like a lot
of crap for joint going full-time and me
quitting my job a lot of people likes
get a real job my family is my passion I
guess a lot of men have different
passions some men are passionate about
being a doctor our architecture whatever
it may be
men are construction whatever it might
be being a police officer these people
are usually passionate about what they
do and I have found after Mary Mia that
I'm passionate about my family and
photography which I also do and I was
not passionate about nursing and just
like any other passion everybody wants
to be able to support the family off
what they love to do right and that's
that's all I'm doing I'm doing what I
love to do
being with my family sharing it with you
guys and supporting us you know in the
process it's the American dream you know
get paid for what you love to do at home
there are just so many opportunities and
times throughout the day where you feel
isolated you go alone and even as a
couple I mean there's times where we go
through things and and it's like you're
just alone in it and you be so kind of
isolated from the world and this gives
us the chain
to be relatable to all of you creates a
family community where everybody to put
their input in and we all grow together
so it's not just about us it's about the
whole family community that we've
created on our channel and with other
vloggers it would definitely don't feel
like this is all about us it's
definitely not that's it we're in this
in this together and also like just to
get just for me as a mom I have learned
a lot of things from you guys watching
and commenting and saying like hey if
you did this with Symphony's car seat or
her lunch it might be a little more
productive and most of the time I try it
out and a lot of times you guys have
been right and helped me out we actually
are in this together and we're not over
here just like hey do it our way this is
how you do it it's like we need your
help sometimes and you know we just we
need to be together we need community
you need community in your everyday life
so tomorrow guys we can answer another
question if you guys are curious that
newcomers about us we love to answer
another question that you guys might
have maybe we'll search for one out of
it basic whatever but we'll see you guys
tomorrow
cat way you don't have to search it from
the media you're gonna hear it you can
hear the truth and our hearts from us
definitely we're happy to answer those
questions we're happy to give you
there's so many lies out there guys if
I've learned anything from all this it's
that you need to take what you read on
the internet with a huge grain of salt
son a dead snake we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
