okay guys I know it may seem that I'm
giving a little bit too much attention
to the people at drinking the hate rate
out there but I have one final statement
for them okay and that's it
the unacceptance that this world has
shown are forming has actually been a
blessing to me and let me explain my sis
by the same guy love my today we've got
to live
to give love
where I won't
in this together
good morning guys we are outside doing
our quiet time this morning and it feels
really good it's not super hot yet as
you see I'm still in my fluffy robe the
kids have their Bible books out here and
they are reading along with me I'm
reading in second Thessalonians for
those of you wondering or wanting to
read what I'm reading
Abram just decided to come and join me
you know guys after such a hard weird
week and we had family in towns up today
felt is the first day that I woke up
when I kind of like felt like myself it
just kind of felt like a new day a new
beginning and I'm really excited about
it I'm excited that I woke up feeling
full and happy and content in my heart
and was really thankful for that oh
you're so sweet snuggle boogies man
family snaggle family snuggle time we
just need daddy to wake up and come out
here speaking of which last night guys I
read a horrible article on us it was a
big joke man
they were just trying to disprove
everything and it was just so ridiculous
they called my work my work said I was
still on the that I hadn't quit my job I
guess they talked to the wrong person
they talked to doctors about dipping
pregnancy tests in the toilet and how
accurate that is they're like we
definitely don't suggest you use a
toilet bowl water for a pregnancy test
I'm like it was a ridiculous article the
first package we opened up is from
Bethany she's so sweet answers in the
time of miscarriage I'm going to be
reading
started tonight drunk this book I just
did not even realize that so I
recognized the name Bethenny curved she
comments on her vlog sometimes but she
actually wrote this book oh wow
for the letters thank you guys so much
we cannot wait to open them up in here
your encouragement in love Jade Road
sterile logins Bridget's med Breanna
ride and Kayleigh O'Neill
we're headed to get some coffee now we
need a boost this morning yeah I was
like are you crying over there he just
looked at Cuba so like now he's like no
any coffee are you gonna get I think I'm
gonna I've been getting this like mocha
toffee nut any country it is so good and
it tastes like Thanksgiving okay
get one - oh my goodness you guys are so
spoiled
Oh Oh daddy's parking no draft here
today we're gonna go in Starbucks really
ever do that let's go put our mail and
Starbuck no no you gotta make it you
gotta make it you're Nikki Nikki
lollipop
I get that little tone guys we just got
a fellow skip car c'mon you guys and
here we are at Starbucks should open two
before we came in
why can't sis you push you drove our
guys to get here and eat with Matthew
one of our biggest supporters and all
this he's been absolutely incredible so
we're gonna have some barbecue because
Abraham's favorite meat is barbecue and
symphonies you only barbecue
Jeff good nap II know it sure looked
like you did he will actually eat
anything if we put barbecue sauce on it
that's how he didn't but you certain
things that he won't eat which is
smothered in barbecue sauce ah
oh yes the high designs Danny I don't
side item oh I love it it's kind of like
free snuggles all because of the Sun
look at that guy's the other sweetest
thing ever
what's up Matt hey guys there is guys
Matthew Paul writer
yeah I know you can barbecue mashed
potatoes and gone already and then these
are my dessert in there Oreo seems they
could be a huge movement in our culture
and say auntie family in aunty children
movement like it's a bad thing to have
children rather than see it as a
blessing you as apartment elders it
makes you think that it's just like
comments that people are making saying
why are you having more kids another
leech in the world supposedly a research
study came out from Europe saying that
having a child for too much unhappiness
as the depth of your mouth so divorce
you say I don't know when you're
snowboarding children are such a jerk
this car brings so much happiness to our
lives more happiness than I ever could
imagine I've never been happier in my
entire life and apprehension children
foolish is a richness oh yeah yeah they
do they make my life so rich that's a
great word for it yeah it's not just my
view consuming consuming I want my
bumper nice color
that you share what she'll be more like
pressure time I get some more fullness
and selfishness uh-huh only Abram would
find a way to mess up this booth and the
booth behind us
hey Brom clean your mess buddy why'd you
do that hey yeah we're doing with our
barbecue now we're gonna go to Matthews
work and see where he works so he does
some kind of office work at University
of Texas at Dallas certainly having a
fire drill here
that's exciting yes tomorrow give that
back to sissy that's for her hair no
these are called cuticle he's in cuticle
yeah they get mats monitor guys that's a
picture took him down or thunderstorm he
got lightning by the the Mary hunt Hill
bridge and Doris Margaret on mail bridge
yeah
dan has the same keyboard that's right
he sees the Keith Morris egg daddy okay
whoa what do you see you're looking at
in there
Abram water goes in the pool buddy and
don't shoot me for that either put in
the pool there you go can you guys
believe this
Niall effing with the kids again him to
go get a pedicure with Sandy which is
absolutely okay I'm just playing around
so guys I know yesterday I left you at
the end of the vlog with a hanger so
what I was talking about when I said I
had some news to tell you
was we aren't going to LA for dance
battle it's true me and I talked about
it I talked with producers again and we
decided it wasn't part God's plan for us
which we shouldn't be going there so
that's not what we're going to do a
couple things came up and it was clear
that that's not what God wanted for us
hey buddy hey keep it in a bowl keep it
in the pool pal okay guys I know it may
seem that I'm giving a little bit too
much attention to the people at drinking
the hate rate out there but I have one
final stand yet for them okay and that's
it the unacceptance that this world has
shown are forming has actually been a
blessing to me and let me explain of
course the positivity that we're getting
from the fan basic you guys has far
outweighed any of the negativity you
guys are so awesome and I think we've
made that clear but it seems as though
the media out there all the articles
being written about us are trying to put
us in a bad light for the most part and
I feel like those are the ones that
represent the world and it makes me
think of the verse John 15 19 and fewer
of the world the world would love you as
its own but because you're not of the
world but I have told you from the world
the world hates you I just think that's
so amazing because I chose you the world
hates you
so we're hated I mean God told us that
we're going to be hated so what we're
seeing right now is God's will being
played out for for our lives as
Christians
we're being persecuted somewhat and this
is what God told is going to happen so I
can't help but let it excite me every
time I read these articles not a single
article has got me down in fact I'm
laughing about them for the most part
it's just like this huge reminder that
God chose our family
and so we're getting this hatred just
that's just what comes with being a
Christian and being a God filled family
okay guys I got reading one more verse i
promise i'll be done preaching so this
is second Timothy 3:12 indeed all who
desire to live in live a godly life in
Christ Jesus will be persecuted while
evil people and imposters will go on
from the bad to worse deceiving and
being deceived so the world is choosing
to be deceived and there's nothing we
can do about it that's why I'm not
trying to defend myself to anybody
anybody who asked me was a fake I'm just
like I don't even feel like responding
to it but no wasn't fake that's pretty
much all I say or like when interviewer
asked me was it all state a lot of
people think of stages like you know
what it was staged it was all
orchestrated by God above and nothing
less I'll say stuff like that just to
kind of throw him off but it doesn't
make me happy the people are to see but
I can't help but let make me happy that
God chose our family out of the world
that's it guys I'm done preaching I'm
just excited for our family what God is
doing for us and of course I appreciate
you guys but I'm done with the haters
you guys could keep on coming at us all
you want to just want to be clear on
that
we don't care it's not affecting our
family the dynamics of our family the
love that flows within our family you
guys haven't changed a single thing
except made me personally a little bit
more excited about God choosing us keep
it coming guys hit us with your best
shot
daddy's done jabbering how you doing
over here good and now I'm ready watch
my Play why don't you make a play-doh
video instead of watch one didn't you
tell me one and make one what are you
doing right now this is weird there it
is guys the biggest diaper in the world
it has its own gravitational pull look
at that thing Avery your booty crack is
showing you party to Andy show Andy what
did you poop me see Missy nope I'll poop
just water that is one massive diaper
guys look at that if I had known these
diapers can hold so much liquid I will
not be changing them so often look at
that that's like pee all from like two
days abran we're not changing your
diaper anymore every two days we'll give
you a new diaper it's time to cut cost
in this home okay
now mommy's okay she'll be okay with it
look is it can you walk come here let's
see how you can walk in this thing oh my
gosh that is insight a little booty
crack what an awesome son I have guys
look at this he insists on helping me
with the trash he won't even let me take
it out on my own you are such a little
man I'm so proud of you
thank you so much buddy let's park it
right here at the end of the driveway
for the trash man thank you buddy yeah
you helped me can you put that in the
trash oh thank you put in the trash can
I hate that they fill those things in
our yard guys one day I just want to
stand out here and wait for them to
throw it newspaper in our driveway and
just pick it up throw it right back in
their window
what's up be funny all right guys we
need some ideas for new channel art we
would love to hear what you guys think I
wanna do something different I have the
time obviously now and maybe maybe some
ideas for a new intro I do want to keep
the same song I guess I could just mix
it up a little bit maybe do the same
thing with different footage now that
Andrews gone we got to do something
different I take his chair falling out
yeah I don't know if you guys have any
ideas I'd like to hear it it'd be fun
sitting are going to finish our
Cinderella carriage set no wheels yet
we're going to build all the wheels
tonight and I don't forget we love you
and and remember to finish your wake up
fat today yeah
