pig in a blanket went to the donut shop
this morning home only slept in good
morning fan basic how's everybody doing
today
it is pig is inside the blanket his head
is covered as be so you got to open up
the blanket to see the piggy with the
piggy still no piggy it's weird here you
help you out there there's the piggy
piggy so today's going out with the kids
with Sandy and they're going to spend
some time together
while I play catch up on my photography
I have like three four weddings to edit
and sift through and I have so many
shoots to get back to people I feel like
I can't do anything else that that's the
first thing on my plate that's the first
thing I need to do I always prioritize
that over everything else
I also have a dentist appointment I told
you guys in the vlog that I had four
cavities they're cloning Abram in the
blanket I'm gonna open the blinky there
there's the piggy daddy you're welcome
not right now buddy ah you know that
love when he does that
no no right now oh you are so adorable
not right now oh you cute little guy eat
your biggie you know you have a vlogging
child when and she comes up to you and
says daddy I think you might want to
record this what are we recorded Tiffany
yeah I'm from dragged water of the
bathroom okay oh you're making him a pig
in a blanket
was expecting that yeah okay okay don't
be a pig in a blanket
yeah okay look at the little pig in a
blanket
take a bite pig in a blanket or watch a
room guys he's pulling some awesome
stunts here one whoa how's it going in
here hey good morning guys we're having
some vide cleaning her room pretty much
for the first time in a week I know it
just it's just been one of those weeks
where we just aren't doing our normal
routines I'm looking for my makeup and
it's not good see every time I open her
door she's like jumps starts cleaning
again we have a really hard time getting
our five-year-old to clean up her messes
like getting her to clean her room is
like pulling teeth seriously and for a
while we had a good system down we're
like we would give her sections and then
every section she could have a snack but
then she kind of stopped really like I
don't know it was like it got old for
her and I was so used to her doing it
right that I stopped monitoring it like
it was really good for a while then I
kind of stopped monitoring it because
she was doing so good in Indiana like I
guess she noticed that so now I just
like have her do like everything and
then when she's all done she can have
like 10 minutes on the iPad or or ten
minutes of outside you know whatever she
wants to go do this is how the bedding
turned out I like it I love pillows you
can have a pig in the blanket do you
like the bedding we chose yesterday uh
yeah you're so cute it looks so soft
doesn't it I decided to use this side
it's reversible and I didn't know that
it's really really soft like it feels
like it feels like a down alternative
and I like that about it it's real
fluffy now the kids and I are out the
door soon without daddy we're going to
Hobby Lobby
a new door channel I'm a phrase made
funny on SD sandy my best friend who you
guys may have seen but she just started
her own little stay-at-home mom business
type venture baby yeah you didn't know
course you're doing doesn't pay
attention
she brought a bunch of stuff over the
other day I was showing me about it and
you were like oh cool Sadie
yeah anyway so I'll let her tell you
guys more about that and while we're
shopping but I'm helping her pick out
some stuff for today and I'm going to be
getting some stuff for eats it's a very
therapeutic part of my life doing my
hobby sitting down and putting colors
together so I'm really looking forward
to it taking the kids it's gonna feel
very normal I think just getting out
with Sandy with the kids and doing our
own thing so let's go Abram you little
sleepyhead let's go I think everyone
wants to stay home with dad dad oh no
you want the mama all right go bye bye
Hobby Lobby we're in the onesie
department with all these flowers and
bows Abraham's having a fit to vlog and
we're picking out stuff for Sandy's new
insure that I want her to tell you guys
about so have you launched your Facebook
page no it's private
right now I gotta tell her to make it
public and then go buy all her stuff
it's called bow and tie boutique human
delivery
you mean the mailman no Meena ma'am may
I see your mailbox down there what do
you got in there I'm not gonna kill you
I'm gonna pay goodnight I like hearing
don't tell coffee so is this your
mailbox too yeah great
Cindy and I have always said so we have
got miniature Sam's and Erik's on her
hand we've said it since we were like
pregnant and it came true just now so
cuffin zippy are playing their little
male game which is only done' cute and
creative all the way the lady who worked
here was really magic to get all the way
she was cussing like I heard her off you
disobey like she quoted something that I
said and then I heard her say like your
kids are animals why is her seriously
they were just when we Kate little one
and other than the ribbon that you guys
okay I've been putting everything back
right where it goes on the shelves in
its place I just get a little carried
away with the ribbon because we were on
this aisle for so long you should still
like walking and huffing and puffing I'm
just just at the place make this thing
Lea down really nice to me in the past
we're so good it they didn't do anything
that bad this is one of the smallest
Lots I have left with a Hobby Lobby we
decided to get new bags for the kids
because the tie-dye ones well they did
not turn out good at all
clearly I'm just not made to tie-dye I'm
not good at it and both times I've tried
it didn't really turn out looking like
tie-dye it looks like stained up stuff
so I'm like I'm done with tie-dye for
now I need to practice it more and then
try to make legit projects out of it
hey man we going where you doing were
you going up no don't do it don't do it
don't go this way open the box open the
box with this yeah how to open this box
someone chose this stuff or people I'm
going to be doing a little bit a tiny
play-doh video well um in a minute maybe
after we go eat I know we're going to
the brand-new where the McDonald's open
up right down the road from the house
we're gonna go over there and celebrate
with employees I'm so excited I love
McDonald's he a great prize what healing
wishes for you and your family from your
fullscreen family oh it's sweet so sweet
oh my gosh this is like post cream sent
that to us that was really sweet
we've never received anything like that
from our previous no no nothing happened
like that either but this is just like
one of those things that shows how like
how much of a community YouTube is and
the fact that we're just like totally in
this I don't know it's just so amazing
to me that is so sweet that they said
pretty beige - look at that so personal
they picked out a cross like they took
the time I think about what our family
would like that's true it's so sweet
that was really thoughtful yeah I feel
kind of productive today I finished this
many weddings guys at this minute this
Jenny huh yes many oh there's only like
half the I mean I visit my father you
have finished who's excited for
McDonald's who's excited for McDonald's
I said I said move I'm excited for
Mickey D's your separate McDonald's
buddy you ain't driving though get over
here yeah when you go down the slide the
brand new slide at McDonald's with a big
back in your mouth
grand opening there's the beauty forget
the top layer guys commit big enough for
me please but it's still cool hey hey
April where you going mister we're doing
you could go down a slide go to the
slide you got to come up here you gotta
go up that way roaster you look kind of
cool oh so friendly Abram oh you got to
go through those first maybe this isn't
the slide he doesn't want to never mind
come on
how long we yeah this starts drinking
and I'll be ready that's me from a
golfer
kind of cool no you don't have to wait
about the cash register team or your
food yeah right
come on hamburgers come on hi Abram
stand on it
whoa this guy they got computers here
now McDonald's was getting technical
look at this kids can't go to the
playground anymore without playing a
game on her oh there felt paying game on
the screen
eating on this side today then I wasn't
before it now
hurts so bad really is that normal like
as my mouth just really sore on my gums
for all the work gosh
so this is what we got we got sound okay
salads help me sometimes I didn't get a
bracelet I got an awesome toy how'd you
get a little rotating mirror or
something with scary faces on it
stop looking at the park buddy eat your
food
but we don't you go get my dental work
done and I got they're supposed to put a
deposit now on a bike under some dollars
for the cavities and I dare my credit
card and the credit card machine was
down they said you go out and get some
cash or some up to 80 machine but well I
don't have a debit card and honestly
about leave here no offense but I'm
probably not gonna come up can't we just
pay you later and they were just like no
we really need this up front like okay
well I justify I'll get them taken care
of some other time and honestly this has
like this discontent it's like we're
just like diagnose people cavities no
matter what guys don't believe me
this is just yes I'm just my way of
learning the dentist I think they're
lying
yeah so I have four cabbage right now no
pain they're not bothering whatsoever so
I guess when they start to bother me
when they become root canals I'm a alga
see then I'm just kidding the cute
restaurant in town we are you oh I'm
sorry that's it that's if aney I forgot
we Marcus this is a apology estudios
we've done an interview with them to
Christian Church that has a podcast and
a show yeah sure
yeah okay if you sign up on the TV show
now everything up your face buddy you
got a case Tiffany when to get us a new
book no it's fine go ahead it's a verbal
apology a radio guy those who we just
had that conversation with them they
were awesome and so awesome it was just
a blessing talking to them and they
interviewed us waving instructions I
don't think so I'm up here Tiffany and I
are going to do some Lego building our
nightly LEGO building session and guys I
got a call today from a producer and
Austin who is interested in making our
family into a reality TV show
seriously he said he was also already in
talks with a channel to show our TV show
they were that interested in us and
putting us on TV I thought you thought
that was a craziest thing but we
obviously made it clear we weren't
interested in being on TV whatsoever he
was still Abney's like well we still
want to come down and meet you guys if
that's okay so you know what matter
won't waste your time we really
not have a single bit of interest on
having a TV show that is not what we do
we have a family and we vlog and it's
not a production and we don't want to
lose control over anything that we do we
won't be on TV anytime soon guys so
don't expect that we're youtubers we're
YouTube family
godly Channel and that's what we'll
always be as long as we're public at
least anyway we'll see you guys tomorrow
thanks for coming along with us and boy
I think we got some news for you
tomorrow
but don't forget guys as always we love
you so does Nia and she's brushing your
teeth you can't say and don't forget to
love each other
