remember that we're going on sure good
morning weekend I mean fine sure what
are we doing this morning again we're
back at the doctors to take care of some
business before school symphony is very
curious if her doctor is gonna say she
needs shot what are you gonna think
about when you have to get shots if they
say you do I mean think about playing
whoa-oh
does that make you happy enough this
moment about TJ Max and return something
and we're gonna look at the books there
yeah that won't be something happy to
think about - oh my big girl had to get
four shots she did a really good job
without you guys she was just sad and
she was like she just cried really
little but we need the down button baby
they got one in each side and one in
each on the G baby get the lollipop make
it better I made it a little better yeah
it is a sucker that was so sweet and
precious you guys you just trying to go
hard not to cry it's like cool book you
opened it up and there's little pictures
of Barbies you put their makeup on them
you can do their eyes their hair
decorate their shirts their jewelry this
is the bedding I ended up trading out
for we'll see how it works cute pattern
hey guys good morning I got the kids
today is that the dentist getting a root
canal for a girl
what buddy oh uh no no not again
I'll think mommy was too happy about me
sleeping when she came home I've worked
the graveyard shift for three years guys
I got a lot of sleep debt that means I
got to be sleeping in an extra few hours
a day right for at least a couple months
to catch up I know they say you can't
really catch up on long-term sleep
deprivation but I'm gonna have to
disagree cuz when I get that extra sleep
I'll feel good I feel real good when I
get that excited what are you doing dude
wait you think it up there man but no
you really can't catch up on chronic
sleep deprivation but you can't catch up
on short-term sleep loss once you've
lost it you've lost it and the damage is
done yeah
but I'm so excited be done with the
night shift man that was this literally
polling so toning and it just like
affects every part of your body every
single system of your body it affects
and I'm just so thankful that I have to
do that it's like probably the biggest
thing I'm think before it is no actually
for my family be the first one Tiffany
and I are playing guess who and the
character I'm gonna choose it is here
all right Sam you ready is your
character an object so whenever stuff
Dan'l's okay
she gave me a little bit too much there
so it's not the fan won't wait I could
close my doors I mean if it is I gotta
close this one this one it's gonna go
guys who's gonna ask another question
cuz I don't know
which one squeakers what how'd you get
it so fast dad your character is that
squeakers the one I have yeah how did
you get it so fast
sippy one man you're good at this game
to play five guys I got a really awesome
phone call home and announce that when
Nia gets home he is taking forever man
how long does the root canal take I
thought only took three hours I'm hungry
we haven't eat and we don't know what to
eat around here guys I don't know what
to do what I feed my kids these kids
again really Restless I don't know about
this time quitting my job thing now I'm
starting really second
ten million views and then yes guys this
philip defranco talking about us is that
not insane just clamps down on itself
until today I had not seen the video
that blew up I heard about and I thought
well that's a little sketchy because
pregnant me to talk about it the longest
time because that fear just lose that's
what a lot of people are saying this and
you shouldn't announce a pregnancy
before you know it's a viable pregnancy
i totally disagree and think otherwise I
think once you know you're pregnant life
is there and it's to be celebrated right
away
I don't think doesn't need to wait I
guess when you're so public with
everybody maybe there's a reason some
people are very private about those kind
of things but again I feel like that
goes back to the miscarriage issue where
people think they have to hide their
feelings about miscarriages or feel like
people won't understand because it's not
a big deal it's just a miscarriage and
so they hide it because they don't want
people to judge them and all this and
that not just totally think there need
to be into that people need to be open
about miscarriage because they're losing
a baby and we had all the support around
us because everybody knew and the people
who aren't making it public to their
friends are basically mourning by
themselves and that's just a horrible
way to mourn in my opinion what do you
think I just thought I don't know Sam
was saying that it was like he was being
encouraging I guess cuz everyone was
like banging around here vlogging I
couldn't really hear what he was saying
it didn't seem that encouraging me he
was like does it still weird me out when
I see this or that yeah it's like he
didn't seem that encouraging well not
nothing on his hips can encourage you I
just said it wasn't a negative review
all he was doing is just reviewing
what's going on he was just saying that
they're getting people saying it's fake
and then you said he said it's not fake
only a psycho would do that and then he
was just talking about being so open
publicly about vlogging he was just
starting a conversation that's all he
was doing can you hold my finger
everyone come on now don't even think
about that puddle he pulled my finger
keep stopping in his tracks for the
puddles
oh okay maybe the shot she's getting
really whining I wish I'd thought about
that it would have been a little bit
more patient let's put this way to where
Applebee's guys if you would know about
hangout place over there today you just
got a drooping they are like this side
story you're biting this on your cheek
no I can feel but my lips in my here
buddy here's a strong here's another
stroll it's a straw take a drink take a
drink through the straw straw bro people
don't eat straws
guys booze booze booze booze booze
badboo booze sounds good food and
fattening so we're out here we're gonna
walk it off fattening your fattening
food we just made a row in the car we
can't say fat anymore because I made a
stupid joke get all that energy out
while we're out here
this guy's been going nuts come on man
get it all out there you go
we still got to get you a helmet yeah
you got to remind us next time we're at
Walmart to get you a helmet okay we also
need to get you meat pads and elbow pads
and maybe some shoulder pads I don't
know yes well I don't want my baby to
get hurt I would've told me of the news
guys that we actually made the dance
battle show so we're gonna be on the
show they called us and said we made the
final cut and he wants to come out to LA
at the end of the month and it's just
been really hard making the final
decision if we should go or not I'm
feeling a little apprehensive about it
after all this stuff those have you been
on our channel for a while you saw us
try out for it and not make it and then
we got the call that we were alternate
so I guess that the family before us
dropped out or for some reason they're
not doing the show anymore and they want
us to come do dance battle America like
no guys I think I'm not really
interested and then we talked about it a
little bit more you know we did try out
for it we're still kind of in the
decision process about this because you
know we've just been through a lot this
past week it would be right after
vlogger fair so like the last week of
October I mean August first week in
September and yeah I just wanted to see
what you guys had to say about it it
makes sense for our lives right now I
really don't know anyways guys let us
know in the comments below we'll see you
all tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember tree
you
