hey guys hey so don't leave us now you
know you know why you guys are
self-employed it does not lie that's the
benefit guess that why Dave and Rachel
and Logan and no or leaving up today
sad day this morning has been so
different first guys it's one of those
mornings that we'll go down to history
semia we've gotten several calls from
several magazines we're about to do an
interview with Inside Edition we're
going to be on the show Inside Edition
today or tomorrow I'm not sure when
they're gonna air it and then we just
did one People magazine how crazy is
that People magazine little Sam and he
held people is just so crazy to me and
it's just awesome that it's such a
positive message that we're setting
right now we're trying to bring
awareness to miscarriages and the
families that are hurting along with us
and making a difference and it's just
incredible so incredible I'm so excited
for it everybody all the reporters and
interviewers have been so nice and just
just open to us about their history of
miscarriages we talked to Kail of a
Christian news station in our area then
he was just so open about his past of
miscarriages and with his mother's
miscarriages and it's just so prevalent
I did always get in trouble for like
vlogging from the day of you like
talking on camera pretty people know
just in front of you I don't want to
talk about people to see well I be yeah
I don't know you gave me to criticize
what you're saying yeah why isn't your
get ready for our insider edition
interview this is the first time I've
worn makeup interview
Sydney's out you're building a puzzle
with Logan we're Logan go so how you
doing this morning Tiffany you feeling
okay
have you gotten sad again about the baby
at all every day I lose your video and
mommy no we don't what do we look like
it to you why I thought about for work
tell me one has to go to work knowing
you and mommy gone little game oh we
don't do that very often sweetie does
that make you sad when we leave okay
we'll take you with us next time none of
that but are you sad about the baby at
all do you miss the baby come with the
heaven hello again opens a puzzle piece
says connecting there you all right I'll
hang up with never here I hung up the
phone okay hey keep it Stephen King we
did like we do stuff with viral video
bloggers non-stop that was our only
thing that we did oh really you know
pick up the frozen one I know uh gives
me so many smiles can't wait to get a
new baby
Kevin right Julian just
seven they're supposedly tonight then
Dave go it just comes it was like we're
leaving now Sam what's the rating from
just because we don't want to drive home
it's you are to drive through the night
and all through the morning I mean we're
going to stay up all night all morning I
need enough words for our viewers we had
a really good time to Sam and we're
probably shot in Sam India for for their
awesome video and their awesome work
everybody and we're glad we came in
October - you're so nice coming out just
to come for us
what do you call talker chill gonna make
me coffee
you see enjoy traffic hi so happy today
no I'm not going uncle David's going bye
bye say bye uncle David and Rachel
sorry pal I'm gonna miss you
I'm gonna pick me up Wow Logan you're so
strong love you buddy
you guys be safe okay but daddy drive
don't hit him on the head while you
drive okay I know you'd like to do that
there you go
whoa sorry we we see can play maybe Dave
and I washed our cars together yeah that
was a little memory we shared two shiny
cars in the driveway I was like the
first time I've ever washed that car
oh you wash my hand myself see guys like
a good job look at her she's nice and
shiny hi guys
I hate being separated from my brothers
I just hate it I think it's so dumb that
we all have to be separated we just all
have such a good time together when
we're together
Dave is such a good guy - he was pretty
sad about leaving us you just see it in
his eyes
such a sweet guy Abram has a new
favorite snack guys and it's a spoonful
of peanut butter look at this guy eat
it's just so adorable
what do you say I know you say thank
thank dad dad you're the eat it or what
hey stay here we want to watch your eat
it come here I wanna watch you I want to
watch you okay yummy get over here hey
what can i watch
number one has Cinderella no way is that
roasted Rose body arms show the orange
head Sydney and I are building this set
right here the Cinderella dream carriage
this is something special
pretty often Abram Reiter go to your
room go okay sweetie sorry sweetie
can you say sorry sissy apron this is me
and sissy's time okay okay this is a
little day go into I know thank you
buddy put him back up here thank you
put mommy over there Oh ready bill do
you have to put this one yep
you pushing penguins who silly what
about this one you're so silly
oh he's already looking at her he just
keeps doing this what are you doing
buddy hey you're sleeping under horsey
II don't go to sleep on the horsey
sandy is here once again and we are
doing electives like for real this time
last week you saw us sitting here and we
were making our lists hey weird in my
planner go so we're officially enrolling
our kids and their electives for the
school year my first choice for
everything is piano and Monday Spanish
on Tuesday horsing around on Wednesday
co-ed dance on Thursday so well thank
you we're waiting for 6 p.m. to update
we've been refreshing thanks hate
popping it just feels kind of strange to
me to be like saying this like
everyone's in bed time free to do
laundry it has been like almost a week
since I did laundry haven't done it
since the day I we found out we were
pregnant and
then you know other things happen you
know we may have had a bunch of stuff
happen last week but we still have a
bunch of normal life stuff going on man
like our last viral video we made it was
like a bunch of hate hate hate hate and
then you know like a couple of nice
things in between but it's so opposite
this time and we just appreciate you
guys so very much and like Sam said
earlier at the beginning of the vlog to
the og fan basic just so you guys know
you know we have a lot of new people
that were interacting with and that are
watching our family now but we still
just love you guys so much and we feel
your prayers so much I described earlier
today like I feel like there's a bubble
wrapped around me protecting me from any
hurt and pain that that's out there so
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
but then mister
