morning guys were headed to church Sammy
Jenna buddy Symphony Youth guard school
shoes she wants to show Aunt Rachel and
Nana after church so we're like
literally stumbling on the door with
just some essentials in there for
basically people who cry come on it's
such a sweet card it says Sam Ania
here's an eye mask get some Kleenex to
give you some relief when you can't hold
back the tears the ibuprofen is for your
headache even though I know it will know
your broken heart
the herbal tea will come for you and the
lemon drops will soothe your throat most
of all I hope the flowers remind you of
the beauty left in the world I'll keep
you in my prayers
thank you guys so much support that we
doesn't didn't even know so many of my
friends have messaged me had like some
of my friends telling me that their
babies are clogging and plugging in ah
my bloggers the kids are showing off
their school clothes to a family right
now oh those are so new water shoes
revenue guys the family just hanging out
we're at my mom's apartment kids are
absolutely destroying you have an
ambulance yeah dad we haven't got the
welcome our new viewers yet so I'm
welcome guys
we sent a little message on Facebook but
I'm gonna tell you guys didn't get this
get it yeah we're so glad to have you
guys thank you for coming over checking
us out I see all you guys are new
viewers as the people that our little
girl brought into our family I'm just so
proud of her and just so painful for her
that she did this she just changed our
life I put my two notes in before you
guys got here but now that you're here
it makes it a lot easier than I imagined
it was going to be so welcome guys
we call our fans here on sandhya channel
fam basic it's a play on word for fan
base basic is an acronym for brothers
and sisters in Christ and we understand
that not all of you are believers in
Christ but we do this because this is
what we want for you here on our channel
this is a part of our mission for God in
order to have the most feeling life
possible you need Christ in your life
and that's why I would call you guys can
basically we pray for the best for you
guys he's stuck
you know well if you put some stuff boy
when you're done you've had some spacing
here did you put sunscreen on him we
have we have it you better lather him up
Texas a little bit there when the board
this isn't your first rodeo it looks
like it yours why does it ghost a guy
came up the symphony and congratulated
her on being a big sister again oh we
just got interphase Lee congratulations
from big big sister again yeah I was
really sad
not just her face was just so
heartbreaking she looked at mom it was
like what do I say it was just an
affirming this kind of church on the
plant mystery we're going to the pool
names got himself a little tail over
doesn't a triple on it
Abram be careful of your tail buddy
opening that the pulls locked yesterday
we couldn't get into Legoland now we
can't get into the pool they closed it
early you're the one looking most of
over to this to he didn't wear his
speedo I'm not going to show you guys
but he wore speed symphony I'm sorry
sweetie the pulls lot everybody go back
so that worked out we found her
neighborhood rule how long used to work
in this neighborhood and she he lets her
come swimming but we have to have
somebody open the gate cuz we don't know
the password and somebody arrived as
soon as we arrived and they open the
gate means that home of my sister if you
can't swim because she has a huge ball
anyway
now that Nia stay home for obvious
reasons members-only
the renegade life kick kick no he's not
show him how to dunk his head underwater
it's a little bit longer than that
probably longer play with that gonna
pick up did flop guys a flip-flop for
you thank you face and really rare let's
put this on there since you're such an
angel angel my brothers all showing out
I owe you guys a big thank you for the
past three and a half years at this time
I'd be sleeping I go into work every
Sunday night so this is the first Sunday
I've had off for three and a half years
and it's such a blessing some part dude
you guys for coming here and watching us
and I know you have a huge sense it's
just so awesome I'm able to do this
needs able to relax right now with my
sister at at my mom's apartment I'm just
hearing throwing the kids and not having
to worry about work it's just incredible
it hasn't sunk in yet with all this
extra time that I have I'm just so
excited about it so thank you guys thank
you so much for making as possible
I would killing a Behrman and I want to
start bonding a lot more would you ask
me do I tease my daughter a lot I used
to be so going from the camera oh you're
just so shy oh just stop talking David
hey bro let's check out the camera gets
up we were very productive and really
just got a lot of time while they were
talking we shopped online be free I
usually go home and go to sleep and
everybody LA what do you want to vlog
about baby no they don't let me see the
little shoulders too much water
oh they're cold drink it mom ever made a
big mess in the kitchen
he's keep making their ever making a
mess everywhere
there's over chlorides haha this is the
life guys this is alive it just turned
seven o'clock guys I should be at work
right now
nursing people instead I'm headed home
with the sunroof open this beautiful
woman by my side there's awesome kids in
the back
headed home shirtless so excited I've
start focusing on my photography and the
channel put more effort into the channel
spend more time editing and you know
focus on vlogging more often
you know just make it more exciting
everything just so excited I was
thinking about how like when Sam went to
work in the past I had a lot of alone
time in the past like last week I
wouldn't have like a long time when the
kids went to bed
it's looking so far to spending that a
long time with him mainly I feel like I
just really want to thank you guys if
you
thanks for watching our videos and
invested in our lives with us we would
not be able to do this
honest-to-goodness it's nothing to do
with Auditor and our talents
we are so appreciative and so excited to
just
experience more live with you guys along
especially now if you had this
I can't even imagine just going through
all this stuff without you guys I'm
really excited that my husband
you are cray-cray your turn
whoa hey that wasn't beer with yes
hey bro Campbell hug he does ask you
thing with his shoulders now you asked
him a question he does want to do he
just goes were you asking for a hug
caribou hug look can you do this taemi
we run a double date bro this guy plays
a lot of yeah no I say how people play
video games are you smarter people
because they can focus on one thing for
a long period of time because games
require a lot of focus some people say
the opposite about people play games you
do playing this game since you've been
here
yeah when I play it for like 10 minutes
15 minutes at a time no you play hours I
only get 5 min what's my 5 min are out I
can't play anymore oh really
otherwise at the buy more I'm eating a
lemon drop while cleaning from our
basket that we got this morning I've
been going from room to room trying to
pick up these last few days I don't give
a crap about the house much at all
if it got cleaned up at all it was from
Sam or my sister-in-law don't fit he's
helping me clean up symphonie come here
why don't you just stuff right here and
put the little carriages I'll go along
the lines well I think we're gonna go
see a movie I don't even know what's
showing right now but just something
kind of relaxing and like low-key for us
on the last night here nothing too loud
and stuff like that and we look forward
to seeing you tomorrow with our whole
family not just me and the kids out
running errands Sam will be joining us
and hanging out with us all day this is
gonna be a new dynamic and a new routine
for our family and I'm very excited to
get started don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other or simony
we're gonna go no you know
suppose our ways Oh
