it's called broken together and it is
about true life events that happen
within our family she'll shake on it who
are wondering what happened to my wallet
my room and I are telling knock-knock
jokes always sit in the kitchen go ahead
a room did you give my lipstick don't
eat it so he's just putting it on oh
that's beautiful you can play to the
brush yeah well you don't want the brush
you can play with that that's it you can
play with I'm just getting ready up here
doing my hair doing my makeup good
morning guys Oh Juliet had to get up
here and socialize with mommy while I
was getting ready but instead she just
wants to eat everything what are you
gonna pull out in it okay
wipe your cheeks in your nose oh nice
and pretty
okay now mommy's ready for the day let's
see how about jewels Oh sleepy girls way
past nap time no night
oh she's snoring she's so cute she faked
naps so cute you guys ready for the snow
my dollies I am Nicole too but I asked
for an hour no time with you my my my
hey guys all of us going together with
Sam Symphony to drop off his mom and run
errands with her but it's so cold
outside and Juliet cylinder jammy mm
didn't have a sock sign and so I thought
why don't I just stay home like the
little ones and Abram I thought maybe
you and me can have some hot cocoa
yes can you shake it up for me shake it
shake it shake it shake it shake it
okay I think that's good and I'll make
it free if you're wondering why are we
shaking it's because the hot cocoa gets
kind of clumped up cheesecake cards
pickups over there
so I shake it up purse put it the curie
seems to come out better for sorry fish
my hot chocolate button
BAM even Captain America needs to warm
up sighs thanks bro here you go my
little hero
hot cocoa just for you I don't think we
have marshmallows I have whipped cream
make it we had last night sure what do
we made a marshmallow hot cocoa mess
here we give jillsy a couple of these
vehicles children that's all you get
girlfriend while she is eyeballing
Abrams hot cocoa yeah yeah I need you to
put that down
what yes you won't push down you're
gonna have to like just drink on the
edges of it like this watch mommy's
what's up guys how are you doing today
today is so foggy for me you ever get
that feeling where everything just seems
like flat you know it's not the pression
but it's just like it kind of zombie
fight it's kind of what I've been
feeling all day today anyway I'm hoping
it'll go away tomorrow I get like this
in the winter have you guys ever heard
of the sad syndrome seasonal affective
disorder I know that because of nursing
it's a disorder where people get
depressed only in the winter time and I
sometimes get zombified in the
wintertime like I just want to sleep and
like make it go away you know we just
took Nana shopping at Kroger's and we're
just bringing them up to her place for
her he's getting all up at she's back
from Florida by the way but she peered
in the water on Christmas but she hasn't
for a long time so that's why she's been
telling knock-knock jokes while we sneak
in the kitchen go ahead Abram that was a
really great buddy I loved that one
knock knock knock knock orange orange
you the cutest little guy I've ever seen
who's there Feliz viewers who use no
silly
who's there blueberry boo so I'm just
walking around doing stuff and I hear
Juliet back here giggling up a storm
who do you do him no see look cut oh
it's no way sitting in a chair anyway
I'm sure there's at least one or two
maybe even three I don't know could be
four maybe five could be six of you guys
honestly sevens pushing it but possibly
there's possibly at least eight of you
guys out there or nine who are wondering
what happened to my wallet Nana said
whose daddy table you to simply said
with the viewers so here's what I think
happened my wall I got out of carton
movie theater and it fought in my pocket
somebody's found it right after the
we started because I got a call from one
of my credit card companies saying there
was fraud on the car somebody had went
to Wendy's and sure enough I did not go
to Wendy's is that day they did give me
a time so I assumed that happened during
the day some point and they were just
letting me know so they turned off the
card and I was certain that it even have
that car my wallet so it didn't cross my
mind that maybe somebody from my wallet
was spending my money in it but after
thinking about Nia says she put my city
card in my wallet I didn't know I was in
there so right when I was about to leave
the house yesterday to go find it which
is about 45 minutes from the house I got
a call from Matthew as was walking out
the door he's like you just had that
call from your credit card company
saying those a fraudulent purchase and
now that's probably what it was if
somebody took your wallet I was like you
got to be kidding him I lost my wallet
with all my belongings are my license
couple hundred dollars cash couple gift
cards my tile and then on very same day
somebody steals my tool boxes I mean
like seriously as a pretty bad man
there's so many dishonest people out
there people really fit and a girly
comic that all my guns your guns
somebody's calling my phone I mean my
watch answer for me mommy
hello no I don't know I do I was like
hey babe so are you on your way home
because if so I'm gonna start dinner but
if you're not you're gonna be home even
later than like 6:30 can we go to get it
and he said yes so you think the pick me
up we're going to dinner I know I know
your ears are buzzing again like we just
went on a date yesterday I just for some
reason cannot recuperate from this
Christmas hosting season I'm tired but
anyways I wanted to share with you guys
something that I finished today
something that I had for about a week
and a half and it's very special and I
wanted to share it with you guys
that is my maiden name my cousin wrote a
book it's called broken together and it
is about true life events that happen
within our family specifically her
immediate family which is kind of you
know my media they're all my cousins it
is just an incredibly sad and real and
good story about loss and redemption and
healing and
if it's been a blessing and an honor to
be able to read it and to be able to
kind of relive and re remember events
that happened when I was quite a bit
younger I believe I was seven or eight
and then there was a different event and
I was I think 13 and so yeah just both
of these things are very real in my mind
and just like strong memories that like
I've kind of just been confused inside
my brain or my heart don't really know
where they are back abraham is outside
so he had to put his beard on what was a
little man like are you the daddy serve
it work the two daddies in the family
we just kind of randomly ended up at
Panda Express we wanted warm food but we
couldn't make up our mind so we're just
going to end up here and it smells
amazing
and I lost my wallet really cool I'll
get you a new one she'll shake on it
what do you thankful for
it's really good exercise that stay what
you're thankful for
I'm thankful for heat it's man a new
magic we'd have a heater in this weather
I've been there okay I've been there
there's no amount of blankets that can
make you warm for me what do you think
daddy I am thankful for my family and my
friends this sort of year I've got to
talk to quite a few of my friends today
so the whole day with our family and I'm
feeling very thankful that I get to be
the mom eats all these babies and the
life that you like a guy over there
Minority Report you have a fantastic for
the enjoyment of life
that is so true and very good job
reading the word enjoyment
Anthony is gonna do the owners of
reading mommy's fortune for her we'll
just say mommy's a leader take sure you
have the makings of a leader take charge
just snuck that cookie off the table it
was so where's the same
comment of the day goes to Lacey Lopez I
was scrolling across my Facebook feed
and I found an edited version of your
first emoji pool video what someone
tagged me and then I'm Facebook today -
we'll have to go watch it I didn't watch
it yet and e-version in the video yeah
it's even shorter
it's the shortened version of your first
one alright guys I hope you have a
better day tomorrow I'll be thinking of
you and we'll see you there don't forget
we love you and they don't even know but
going anywhere alright guys I'm the blue
car who's the orange car I want to play
online with everyone in the salon looked
at me like I like had the plague or
something they were all just kind of
like what a snob what are you doing babe
room it took any shorter it's on the
viral videos Facebook page they didn't
have my permission to do that yeah but
yeah we're gonna take that was cool I
have permission but let's check it out
