good morning guys welcome to our new big
family a five one two three four five
five now I wanna count okay come one two
three wait you can every twice oh she
counted you guys so sweet
it's been a really awesome day for us
guys it's been incredible those spots to
that video has just been amazing thank
you so much for your response and all
your support and love you guys are just
so awesome to us it's just so incredible
to support system we have with you guys
that just it's a huge difference and
makes us that much more excited about
waiting the blogging and we're filming
we don't cry all right Daniel Tiger in
the making also before we go guys I
thought I would share some of the
reactions we got from our text that
we've sent down and different messages
that I've got say just to include some
of our family in this reactions video
because and there are some wheeling I
filled my friend head family so we sent
a group text to Sam's family his mom his
dad and all of his siblings and all of
the wives to his siblings and Sam's
sister was so excited she was just like
OMG with a bunch of exclamation points
like I cannot believe it we're gonna
have another little baby from Sammy Nia
she was so excited she called me right
away and we talked all about it and
she's like I can't we didn't rush it up
his mom was really excited she is the
one to always share things on Facebook
and as soon as our vlog went live today
she shared a picture on Facebook and she
wrote yes like I said she's gone like
yeah three grandma again was really
sweet everyone's asked me how far along
I am and very excited and supportive and
really excited to that Sam and his twin
brother Michael are pregnant at the same
time that's a pretty big exciting thing
for our family to be dealing with or go
art or experiencing I get you don't deal
with it you experience it so that's been
fun ITEX she'll last night I was telling
her about it because I wanted most of my
friends to see it from me not from our
video and she was like oh my gosh beau
totally had a feeling he called it last
night
and several of you have said that you
called it and how did you guys know when
I was pregnant my mom said that she's
like I knew it I knew it by watching
your vlogs that you were pregnant and I
was like WyoTech huh it's like the fifth
person that had said that to me so hey
man I want you to watch a link I want to
send it to you though okay where can I
send you the link on Facebook no texting
on my phone if you just hold me together
so last night all night I was trying to
kiss before she woke up yes I'm not
talking yet
she likes to give out cards when she
comes places yes he'll bring out more in
a minute she's been asking me to give
you this since we got to the mall and
I'm like just wait they're talking
they're talking did I wrote it up her
she wants you guys open up she drew them
for you off she made them for you oh my
gosh oh my gosh all right yes I am
I just wanted to he is going to show her
belly were fair this is me just like
relax I don't really think there's much
there
there is no I can see you're in the hot
sandy how can you get us down
not too much this is crazy this is crazy
hey guys so we made it to my mom's house
and we haven't seen her since the
pregnancy announcement we've already
announced it to her but we haven't seen
her since the announcement so we want to
get some of her reactions to of course
mama area mom you're gonna be on the
blog in the road oh that's okay hi do
you think we're having a baby I'm so
excited
understand Tyler you know I find you
think mommy may be going borrow right
now we're similar by our office I don't
know you guys are so awesome
so in the past like was it five hours or
something we beginning like four or five
thousand views per hour
and in the past hour is suddenly
skyrocketed 20,000 views in one hour
somebody picked it up or maybe karo and
I read it I haven't got to look at but
somewhere it caught on it is that's
fifty five thousand Toto she's 35 and I
thought yeah like I said it just jumped
the past poisonous reaction I wanted
order I wanted to watch the video with
you you guys so really one eight if I
couldn't believe that said could he
would think of something like that
what made it not flush the toilet I said
in the video showing the flush because
you're the one workup over you know like
in the men you're all sleeping in your
life like oh wait and then you kind of
come out yourself a family man it's been
on my mind for the past like five six
months but the baby who cared about the
video we're having another baby no
nothing else knows exciting part it's
hard pick like really need for our focus
and we're having a baby which is
extremely exciting the other videos
hopefully tomorrow they're those guys is
the baby bump movie
Ivan got to touch it on video yeah I
just realized I never touched the baby
boom there it is there's our little baby
our little guy my girl little guy I feel
like
girl and when I have this pregnant
Symphony even I have feelings I was
right both times I want one so bad at
drawing closer never really tan Wow guys
oh my gosh so I'm going through some of
the comments on Facebook and people are
sharing where their news is covering us
for local news stations it's just so
insane I cannot believe this so Fox 8 mm
or 'the carolina or something and it was
Fox 2 now this one says husband shocks
wife with pregnancy announcement before
she knows she is pregnant Wow
oh my gosh guys I pull up the views
again we're like 22 minutes in this hour
and it's already beat the last hour so
we're at 20 over toward about 22,000
views in 22 minutes can you believe that
and this oh my gosh it's really
happening this is not guys look at I
ever had a drink out of a bottle today
it's so cute
hey nobody he picked it up right away
look he does it right away no he used to
put his whole mouth over over the mouth
of it oh yeah I just thought of it good
job buddy
don't give me that face what does that
famous face isn't you in water the tree
what do you see when he said me to
fishies good job guys
good tree laughs announce Evie's
pregnancy to her and find out before she
does and well last night at 1:30 a.m.
walls at work she bravely touched me and
says that she's two weeks late oh gosh
you were so funny
oh he brought a positive one true you're
pregnant oh my god you
