good morning guys Wow yeah drive in
bright and early today I'm kind of
practicing for school time and trying to
get up and out of the house early it's
not that early it's not school time
early it's like 9:00 something closer to
9:00 and 10:00 this is my outfit today
coral shorts from JCPenney hazel and
olive and I've had this tank top since I
was in like the 10th grade so it's time
to get your seat little mechanic whoa
did you do that all by yourself you did
you did that cool gonna be making a
phone call to Symphony school today they
have Sam as their primary contact he's
been getting all these emails and all
these calls that I've know nothing about
and if Sandy's kid was not going to the
same school of mine I would know nothing
because Sam's getting on the contact
info I amazed you give me hugs
Oh can I carry you are you ready to go
to the doctor all right mommy I watched
a doctor Barney
it made me less afraid to get a shower
why what was on it
buckle up while you talk it showed that
doctor than Jen kisses put
keep you healthy oh really mm-hmm
on you feel better what's something else
we sing when we're feeling afraid at the
doctor your eyes seem happy
what are you gonna think about I'm going
to think about playing blanks you shoes
with apron all that makes you happy
you
this has been the worst experience at
the doctor's office ever not because of
this facility because of the previous
one that Symphony went to she's not up
to date on her shots the last time she
had a shot she was 18 months old so I
know that she probably needs them and
they will not send her her shot records
over here they're making a huge deal and
having this office like practically jump
through hoops if we want to get her shot
records which we do everyone's gone to
lunch and ready for us to leave and I'm
like I do not one of these office until
Symphony get some shots I don't want to
have to come back for a separate visit
okay so the doctor's office was not able
to get the file and we're at t.j.maxx
now getting some bedding for the bedroom
which is so interesting I'll call it
that and Abraham's begging me to vlog so
let's see what he has to say tell them
about the doctor's office say I played I
made a mess tell them all about it he
said Miss oh oh this is pretty
the doctors look great now we're at
t.j.maxx
Abram is just looking down at the
stroller and mom is looking out bed set
and because when she was trying to drive
it it got a clumpy in one pool after
that time today me and coffee are gonna
be tight I my book bag my book bag he's
gonna do one and you're gonna do it oh
okay so coffees gonna do his own now I'm
gonna do my own mine is gonna be really
pretty it's gonna look kind of like
frozen mm-hmm because I didn't put some
ice on some parts with the white blue
and then
and then yordle I belong to make some
snowflake mmm and I'm also gonna put
little polka dots little pink dye okay
some videos between these two they're
the same price and I can't choose which
one you like more you like the swirly
one better pictures there's the picture
yeah I think this one is the winner
this one I'll Bubbe sit down yeah we're
home now symphonies doctor did call and
say that she could come back in today
but it was already like 1:40 and I had
to come home so I could do the vlog
before Sam wakes up for work and it just
wasn't going to work out and so she was
saying that since we did a doctor's
visit today if she comes back like next
week and does the shots it would just be
a nurse visit I am in Andrew slash spare
bedroom just kind of taking a look and
seeing what I can do with it I'm looking
forward to fixing it up and having it
look good for our family when they come
to visit and also for my mom I want my
mom to be able to spend the night here
every once in a while and look what I
just found
oh good afternoon
how are you guys today I'm doing okay
try and get this vlog uploaded isn't
enough
and decent on time make cleanup Andrews
room you don't see it looks great cut
off just got to take those things off
the wall and you left a couple holes
who's supposed to fix before we left
as you can see somebody did some head
bashing here and some finger poke in
there supposed to fix those Andrew if
you're watching this you only big time
buddy and you scrub them down Andrews
bathroom still sorry for her okay babe
this is my worst nightmare
I am like guys almost in tears I can't
talk I could clean it but I'm about to
area for work I just don't have the time
started I'm seriously about to just quit
until you can come and help me like
right now about quit honey don't ever
quit once you start something you finish
oh honey did you get purple on your
finger neighbor has started his little
book bag symphonies changing her clothes
he's really dressed for the occasion
look at that I need to go change and we
have our little station here we're
making book bags for the kids they have
to take these tote bags bubble we have
one plane what whoa buddy
Cuffy's riding a horse I got to figure
out some new ways to twist and tie these
up because last time well he cuts all
you
we're all done this is symphonies
Cuffy's and Marisa's and they're sitting
on top of Abraham's bag we might as well
have tie-dyed my entire kitchen and my
outfit everything dandies about to teach
me something
whoa what are we gonna look at we're
gonna look at the kids school schedule
seeing a lot of stuff is already
happening so exciting like the coolest
thing ever this is like we met in high
school and sandy had pink hair and we
were in color guard and down list for a
kidney elective in school
oh I just really don't know I know it's
crazy and look at this looking we have
that baby the that girl that boy that
boy over there big messes to clean up
and we don't even care we're so happy
this is a happy thing ever I just
finished making like made a maybe list
so I have piano Spanish horsing around
and dance as your top options does that
sound good
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other my hair did
that weird thing
