well honey yeah where's the keys there
they are
good morning everybody happy Sunday
morning to everybody we are off to
church you can't tell when it's wet so
just kind of falls everywhere but you
guys don't care about what I'm wearing
your seat sweetie
I haven't but yeah we gotta go baby
that's abraham's version yeah hey do you
guys a bunch of like what he thinks our
letters and then he says Bible I think
it's so cute because I know on Sunday
mornings we always put emphasis on what
we're wearing but I want to remind all
of us that we don't go to church just to
show up our best clothes we've got a
church with open hearts ready to receive
God's Word that's the that's the main
way we should be going to church should
we think too much about what we're
wearing or how we love
dress another day I didn't go anywhere
new here's what's new y'all dressed up
or like something they're just somewhere
dresses
I'm not really dressed me it's here for
church but I do like to have my hair and
makeup done but I like to do that anyway
so if I have a long car ride I'm going
to do it anyways adjustment is
finalizing all the like plans for the
list of this morning I'm not teaching
today and I was kind of like dropped the
ball on getting the lesson out to the
teacher just forgot after don't know
from vidcon and Abram was sick the first
couple days were back and mentos until
they forgot but it's already and it's a
three week lesson over prayer so that
was kind of a football and like semi
deep in the morning kind of early when
you wake up don't forget okay thank you
bye Stephanie forgot to say bye to me I
love you cutie have fun with Nana my mom
we're home we're home this guy has been
staying home the whole way here okay
mommy's gonna do mommy - come on kid
maybe he just needs a nap are you happy
now buddy homebody oh no he wants juice
okay
so he just wants to cry about something
what are you doing dude I'm sad Symphony
went over my mom's house but you know
sometimes you just gotta let go you
gotta let your children go you know it's
just good practice for when she's a
becomes a teenager and has to go to
college you know that's helping us get
accustomed to the feeling of letting her
go right honey
let's go come sooner than we think she's
home for school that's what we should be
thinking about like there was one point
where Sam was a stay-at-home dad for
like six months did you guys know that
in between nursing school and getting a
job he stayed home while I worked so for
those six months he did spend a lot of
time with symphonies but not even
everyday but for me since she was two
years
I have spent like all day every day with
her except for like you know a few here
and there when she's gone to her
grandmother's or when we're out of town
whatever but you know for the most part
I spend all of my days with her all day
long and we do everything together we go
grocery shopping together we would do
everything together she she helped me
get my Reed supplies I've always called
her my little sidekick and it's so weird
I'm gonna have to start doing things
without her when tonight I have to go
grocery shopping when just Abram and I
was telling Sam I'm really sad to go
without symptom cuz I like having her
there I like her chipper personality and
she distracts a prominent wow this is
what life is gonna be like forever now
if she continues to go to big girls
school I've been thinking lately just
you know because we're wanting to travel
and stuff and we can't while she's in
school maybe I should just really like
think harder on it and just trying to
home-school her I just don't think she
would want to do that so oh I don't know
this doesn't really have to do with us
letting symfony go to my mom's house but
lately I've been thinking a lot about
being demand that I want symfony to
marry yesterday two things happened oh
the picnic yesterday that was her idea
and I had to go back to the car get a
blanket and you know I want her to have
a man in her life when she gets older
that does stuff like that for that kids
up goes out of his way and does things
that she wants to do that makes her
happy and also oh also yesterday she
wanted to pump the gas with me me and I
both said no initially because we wanted
to pump the gas and get out of there we
had to we're kind of in a hurry to go to
the mall I started thinking about it and
it just hit my mind again I want to be
the man that I want my daughter to marry
so when she asked us it yeah you know
what you can't come out and pump the gas
with me I want her to be with the kind
of man who says yes to things to her and
not know all the time and not and who is
not controlling and lets her you know do
the things that she likes to do that's
kind of something that's been on my mind
lately as far as like when she asked me
anything or when it comes to like doing
things with her or being an example to
Nick in front of her with Mia because I
feel like she's like absorbing more
things lately than before I feel like
it's really important now that I'm being
a good man to Nia and to the family and
that she sees what a real man
to be so yeah anyway well now you know
oh and also this morning she helped me
get ready for church which was really
cute she actually buttoned up my shirt I
just let her do it it took her some time
but it was just so adorable watching her
but my shirt a broom just built this
whole train track all by himself
he keeps putting it in just like he's
doing right now you can do it he's so
determined oh other side good job
that's right that's right you had it let
me help you where's your choo-choo this
is really good baby good jump give me
five
you built this so good but your finger
gonna be the Train and your wipe you can
use a wipe the inside of it up it's
inside of here where's your armpits what
could it be inside of there I don't know
what it is about armpits but I just find
them so cute all the people I love
I first started with an ear it's so
weird but sure I used to just love her
arms I'm really hard yeah Sydney came
along and her armpits are discipline ah
this guy you just a little deep holes
right there they're just so cute
nobody gets to see them but us really
animagus giggle which is yeah it's
giggling course i'm control laughter
come on your pee dude
out please please sad please don't laugh
Abram had some trash and he was all done
he is about to hand it to me he went
trash he ran over to the trash can and
third in the trash he's been doing stuff
like that for a while now but I need to
start rewarding it he's old enough now
that he understands their reward behind
it so I gave him a sticker for throwing
his own trash away that's the second
time he's done it I think Abraham's
gonna have a strong work ethic and I
think it's important to like point out
these things like in your kids like any
kind of trait for me anything like
theirs they're good singers or they're
creative or whatever but point out these
traits in your kids while they're young
and just drop just a really hot spoon
but didn't touch my feet thankfully um
anyway what are some characteristics
that you guys see in your kids you may
not have even thought about it before
but I bet if you just sit down and watch
them for a day or just really think
about things that they do repetitively
you'll you know you'll realize the
things that they do it and I would love
to hear different things that you guys
have notice or stumbled across hey I got
you something
I got needed something special what did
you open it
sure babe okay I can see what this is I
don't know about it because you are my
trophy really so what do you guys think
of calling a wife a trophy if at first I
was like what's so wrong about Conner
hypertrophy because in order for someone
to get a trophy you gotta fight for it
and you gotta earn it and you gotta you
can't be lazy and then I started
thinking about you know then we're
comparing it to an object that can be
earned by our own I guess our own acts
and that's kind of saying we're awesome
so this is what I got for being awesome
and when you put that label on your wife
and it's just completely rolling because
God ordained marriage and he brought us
together and I did nothing to deserve
her heart gave me her but he was careful
you guys think I bought it just to start
a conversation in the comments and see
what you guys think of calling a wife a
trophy eventually get some paint for the
extra cool yeah all right honey this
woman here is not my trophy and this is
a statement to signify that she is my
wife and my gift from God
I can feel it going through my shirt my
tank top I knew it would did you make an
actual you can't really tell some X and
you sort of can now I only I knew
undershirt and that's okay because she's
my wife and not my trophy and trophies
you can't really buy things for and take
care of I guess you can dust off but so
yeah what do you guys think of calling
your wife a trophy I love you bye guys
love you too I finished it I think it
looks really cool like that I think that
making the X is thicker kind of looks
like a legit shirt that we bought I
liked it he and April are headed to the
grocery store now I've really been lazy
about grocery shopping since we got back
from VidCon and yeah but first I just
wanted to share my thoughts on the whole
trophy wife thing there are probably
some women who really like that term and
they have the hair and the clothes and
you know the lifestyle that it fits them
or something like that and I think
that's fine I don't want to put anyone
down but for me personally I don't like
that term I think it's very derogatory
to women he and his spouse is in general
because a trophy is an object and a
spouse just isn't something that you you
know you have like an object it's you
know your spouse is a gift and you know
where to treasure them and to really
take care of them and just spend time
with them and not just have them over
here to look at something pretty to look
at and to remind you how good you are at
I guess finding a spouse I don't know
but personally for me the reason I think
it's not really like fitting is because
in any relationship no one's perfect
like Sam hasn't been perfect our entire
relationship he's really awesome and I'm
in love with him but he's definitely an
imperfect person as am I then I think
that for someone to say like oh I worked
so hard to earn her like not really I
mean we've had ups and downs just like
any other relationship and I don't feel
like there's been any side of our
relationship that waits right here in
perfect Department where he would be
like winning me you know what I mean
it's like we both work really hard to
maintain what we have in marriage is not
easy relationships aren't easy
especially when you have kids in the mix
and bills and you know stuff like that
but we make it work and we love each
other very much and that's our gift that
you know we are gift to each other so
that's my thoughts on the whole trophy
wife thing I like this shirt I was
little bummed at first when I opened it
up Sam doesn't ever buy me clothes I was
like oh and then he'll be kind of flip
the switch on me and now I think it's
kind of cool it's got a big pink X on it
and it's kind of like a conversation
starter when you're out in public which
is always cool a when you're vlogger be
when you're Christian so anyways I like
it that we did this let us know what you
think about it and me and this little
guy are gonna go grocery shop shopping
not shocking
