good morning everyone
kids are playing outside Sam is actually
cleaning up in the inside and I have
been working on a project you saw
yesterday at our photo shoot we got to
take home an unfinished pallet bookshelf
and today I painted it it's all done the
inside paint job is not as good as the
outside like seeing the crack right
there you can kind of tell look what's
happening Sam is hanging up that shelf
finally but we decided to put it in
symphonies room what he just said no
he's not he's off to it babe
yes Chris shelf don't go up since I was
getting a pallet shelf we're getting
symphony to other shelf and I'm gonna
hang a blanket over the little rails so
she has like a little reading corner at
nap time da da da da da thank you daddy
thank you daddy
you're welcome all watch out kid we got
it oh so the AC guy doesn't get here
till 1:00 today has been kind of a
miserable day for me just a lot of
horrible news our AC went out not the AC
unit actually but just a fan so I'm
having to cool it down manually with
water so we can get air every once in a
while it is just so hot out here we have
to have some air in there the other bad
news even worse news my computer crashed
last night remember I showed you that
screen that screen of death
I'm just so I don't know I'm just so you
know something I'll let you guys fill in
the blank
but so I called Apple last night they
had me do several things to get it
rebooted it wouldn't come off nothing so
I got to take the computer and I got an
appointment with Apple tomorrow
this has been a very trying day for me
I'm trying to think too much about it I
don't want to think about the cost I
don't want to think that I might have
wedding photos on there that I didn't
backup that would be the worst news of
out of everything I know I backed up one
of the weddings but I'm not positive
about one of the other ones but yeah I
think it's cool enough to get us some
air tell the a/c guy gets here guess
who's here guys McKay Kay that's her
cool corn rolls mm how's school going
well I'm not school in the summertime oh
what a mom that's right Tiffany's in
summertime too she starts August the
24th when you start August 24 Sony and I
are about to go have our teeth looked at
because Nia has some tooth pain and so
do I be too much candy how many cavities
do you think I'm gonna have start
guessing below okay whoever gets it
right
well twins let me do it a free read I'm
giving away everything I've been looking
for the right kind of contest so guess
our cavities whoever gets the closest
you want a free read okay of my choice
though so the do they got a gets mine
right and yours right nothing just guess
yours I want to tell how many just
you're not gonna tell me is not gonna
tell you how many cavities she has but
if you guys guessed the right amount
that I have then you get free Reese I
get to choose the reef but you can
customize it with like your initial or
something like that but I get to choose
because I have all the stuff already
here for it oh how many do you think it
would have none no I'm sure you brush
you teeth
I do brush my teeth twice a day three
yeah okay
Keva says three but you don't get a free
reason you and sorry
because you're a babysitter just doesn't
count are you Viewer though so if you
want to guess you'll have to do it in
the comment section okay to make it
official I don't think I'm happy
sign up start making videos
samia's babysitter channel branch all
people or say hi sorry I need across
beautiful smile honey it's about the
change you guys want an exclusive look
at the inside of my teeth just the
x-rays
Wow
I hope that's just a filling you're not
a cavity because I got a lot of them I'm
gonna ask them for gas for sure uh-huh I
mean okay how did you just agreement
just a penis on after gasps ha ha
will you have any truthful colors just
for the clean maybe these tools that
noise make you feel nervous and crit
down and out wasn't a touch in time I
know the drilling and suctioning it
makes my mouth water
hmm doesn't like he likes all did a lot
more oh yes I did I noticed I was just
like it's all I'm rested what is it
happy
I just told Sam he's visiting from her
why does it have to be pulled on five
okay guys we got the number of cavities
that I was diagnosed with but I'm not
going to tell you till the end of
today's vlog so you have to watch the
whole video to get the answer guys
tricky question
can Sam do this in one day bring your
shelf home mommy painted it I'll hang it
right here this is where we read every
day I just wanted to sit right there
I'll feel like down underneath Alessa
looks a little low but I guess it'll
work it's fine we could rearrange it
yeah let's just put it there I'm all out
mmm you see guys I was waiting to put up
that shop because I knew new would come
along with a better idea than that Oh
she'll and there it is it's like a
fourth of a palette it just cut off it
was given to us by the couple we
photographed last night okay okay hey
Lonnie yeah see that's what he can't do
I don't know if those skis are on the
studs so she needs to keep the kid off
of it so we got the AC fixed a previous
pastor at the church we used to go to
cold Hyrum he is an AC guy and he's so
awesome he comes out right away or
Thomas and or tell me I have an issue or
AC he's fixed it several times for us no
we don't have any Isis were out no
yeah here what to pick let me see we got
one more piece about the fourfold I
don't look too good oh it's cold huh any
other here you've got to get these kids
in where Isis Oh
what the it's they put ice can be
found we thought we were out if I found
his Mavericks hat please you're eight
eight bring it on in eight eight does
air coming out like that no oh no don't
laugh oh my goodness I'm Antonio yeah
so guys guess what the viewers are going
to join us for today what yes Kyle oh
exactly what one day high love was the
viewers day my high point today kidding
to talk to my old pasture is awesome he
informed me that he's going to start
having a Bible College type of college
it's laid out like a college course at
the church every Thursday starting in
September that I'm very much considering
going to yeah I really want to do it
that was my hot point the low point was
my computer but that was actually last
night goloka was waking up to a hot
house not an AC on top I'm not having my
computer man whoa whoa
when you were going out I'm good
oh because I mean okay so what was your
I point my house is um eating dinner
with my family
oh that's my point - what's your high
point Abram you have formal Michaela
yeah did you like painting with mommy
that's a little point okay my low point
was a dentist I've have a root canal Oh
neato um-hmm
I don't think I don't want whatever I
was just afraid I had a lot of cavities
and I want to tell that but I never let
you apply yeah five copies what a high
point for me
Sam was really handy today at the house
like he helped clean and hung up two
bookshelves I think that's my high point
just get organized with Sam oh I like
those days I got to do that more often
for this lady it's all done isn't it
like so cute I love it do you like it
which book do you wanna read we read
which one you at the time not Mickey
right here Mickey Mouse
okay oh sweet baby Oh hug Mickey Oh
symphony is finally finally making
progress on her room we periscope with
you guys this morning at about 10:45
maybe eleven it's now 6:45 at night and
this room is still not quite clean but
it's getting there oh you would make
such a cute wittle girl he always asks
me for bows Abram hey hi guys Sami
writer here I woke up this morning I
could decide what hat to wear so I wore
both of them the kids just took them off
put it back on
come back on that's a little bit too big
for me oh yeah right there
no socks you're big for me Abram yeah
alright here we go you ready you ready
ready
yeah good all over there all by myself I
did that simply got a license plate
today on her bike what's your license
plates a prank that princess uh-oh we
probably shouldn't give that on the vlog
guys might find us okay looking at our
accessories wouldn't max what they don't
oh they're pretty close though aren't
they
you ready to go without the training
wheels you're ready to ride without the
training wheels little thing will be for
music what I'm doing here you under like
all right guys you're ready for the big
announcement the number of dental caries
also known as what are they also known
as the cavities that's what they call
them we call them dental caries in the
medical field by the way so the winning
number is this many you guys see it
this many this mini you guys see it this
many I'm gonna see who got it down in
the description below and we'll announce
the first person who got it
that's something I have it's pretty bad
not as bad as ethology wanna be though
so that's cool so the dentists also told
me that I had to get my wisdom teeth
removed my one of the bottom ones and
they said when you remove one of the
bottom ones you have to remove the top
or you don't have to but suggest it
anyway I'm just not sure about this
whole thing everybody removing their
wisdom teeth I was asking her about it I
said so why do we have wisdom teeth if
they're just always suggested to be
pulled for some reason I feel like it's
a scheme of some sort I just hate it I
mean it's just like yeah you need to get
that removed in that remove they caused
me no problems whatsoever and because
they're growing in horizontally they say
you have to have them removed but I just
don't understand why God would put
wisdom teeth there and so many people
and it grow horizontal and have them
just removed
I just don't I'm not falling for it so
we're not getting our wisdom teeth
removed they also told Nia she had to
get her wisdom teeth removed anyway guys
we'll see you guys tomorrow thanks for
hanging out with us today here at the
house
good old Raider house don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
remember to love each other
but then mister
shop
what a mess
