what's mommy making banana pancakes hey
I know a song about banana pancakes
how's it start near get juice it's no
combination of words I can put on the
back of a postcard a song that I can
sing but I can drop the yo ha ha dreams
you name it a real things like a shoebox
of photographs be its own loving ways
that's right song yeah why do we go
happen oh it's better together and
supports up the Mickey banana pancake
yeah that's by Jack Johnson we can't
think of the words but that's one of our
songs and was like Oh mmm is it hot no
man these look so good look at this
guy's
banana creeps no no all right Sydney
where you gonna put your mirror you pick
the spot for it you want to be able to
look in the mirror look behind you
that's what the mirrors for so you're
going to sit here won't you sit down
real quick
right in the middle so you can see
yourself this is a sideview mirror
yeah you're gonna want it like right
here pull that out there you go like
that and then we screw it on if it's
right here we put it like this can you
see behind you
kind of
why won't it bend down okay see you
behind you if you put it up like this
you can their that a good spot for your
cute in the middle all right so let's
screw it on why don't you tighten it up
right there how do I thank you a little
thumb screw right there hi cutie we're
head to the neighbor's house to take
back this swatch kit thing how do you
like your mirror so working out pretty
good you see there see me yeah bye mommy
so proud of you
wow you can good at using your brakes to
I think it's this one no so next one hi
Stacy
thank you so much don't do this thank
you so much so how do you like to call
it at home I like it you do you
generally do your proof
I pray that whatever now about your
religion grade oh we were but then I
decided not to because the color of the
roof I feel like you're whenever done
well with it so we're not that blue
appreciate it sometimes come we got to
get this girl helmet I just remember why
does it she have a helmet on
I'm thinking about our feet but what
about her head hey can you wait for us
buddy we're gonna get ourselves to get
some drills and balusters work we me and
Avram we're gonna stay home but he's too
cranky you got your on the blog love you
to whoever just said that I don't like
that make sure you can see me walking
with the door
you look so tiny in the camera Lucky's
in my favorite store as her better than
Hobby Lobby because good because you can
get about this door because you
can get slushies out this stool were the
best can yet
keychains
hi they've been throw up while ago it
was so sad that's why he has his shirt
off I don't know if you just got too
full at breakfast and then he drank a
lot of water and juice right after he
got really full and he got high and he
wrote in the more I don't really know
but he blew chunks old and res a chunks
of prettiness where a book is now guys
we can go it's my first time I Bucky's
everyone in this cars been devaki's
except me you know in a row all right
Sydney you know the place better than I
do
get a show where to go okay
there we go so four to go probably
arrived there just until evolving no
he's okay I guess
he wants to eat he insists on eating
show me where to go
Oh
so you order at these little computers
and pick it up over here we got a lot of
options turkey turkey steak now let's
not go sausage stuffed chicken Begley
watches what do you want hit me you can
get a sandwich a hot dog or chicken
strips you want a hot dogs which one oh
apron wants to build his own hot dog
y'all mustard you want spicy mustard and
regular mustard
yeah what else do you want on there oh
he'll appeal mayonnaise
Wow it will for a spicy pop out here all
right we're feeling sympathy for the
slushies and look at this dude put that
sign right there for this reason they're
not responsible for kids injuries on the
cart hey everyone say we push abarim
turn away there you go good so I got the
door guys for the kitchen today but I
didn't get the balusters and the rail
because of one reason it's just like the
stretcher I put on the front is too long
it's going to be too flimsy just adding
a push right in the middle attached the
concrete so I'm not sure what I'm going
to do yet but that's going to take a lot
more work than I anticipated so I'm not
going to do it today I told you on no
promises yesterday
Sippi I'm proud of you picking a book
out of all these toys for kids are
always sick it's probably cuz I work in
a hospital I gotta quit my job now I
have a better reason to quit honey you
don't have any opinion on that do you
really want me to do you really want me
to though I'll be home a lot but we'll
make things work where you'd go out do
stuff your craft you know yours building
stuff will make it where you're not
always at home and I'm not what are you
trying to say well get tired of each
other yeah the outside of this place
that good food that was nowhere to eat
they don't have benches can go
the car doesn't throw all this up
probably want to go get some more gravy
oh he's happy to see me not just the
food Sam and I have a photo shoot Bebo
came over watch the kids and proud when
she got here pretty much I went threw up
again
do you think you'll be he'll be okay
with you you feel yeah hey leaving yeah
we're here on our photo shoot with
little baby Cody Jett look he's upset
right now this is Kelsie one of my
childhood friend hey and her husband
Derek so the daddy is a firefighter and
this room is like decked out in
firefighter stuffing is so cute
oh yeah oh yeah the Alpha two times get
bad you really didn't make it a Hobby
Lobby rooms your student the lamp we put
Gary's changing the pillow out for
something that goes a little better
oh yeah nobody's got to pull the
pacifier out oh my goodness really me
Hank it you've got a good grip on that
thing yeah he does look at him gently oh
yes our next session is going to be in
front of this pallet right here it's so
cool it's like the perfect pallet I
would just ask him do you guys happen to
have another pallet and he has like a
stack of him in his garage and that was
just like a perfect background for what
I wanted to go for it here's what they
did with some of the photos I took at
their wedding looks really cool put
inside of a door I took those two that
one not that one and we got a canvas
print of one ended up here it was like
smoke in the background looks like fog
figured out the trick to fixing the bow
in the door this was bow too so I put it
out in the Sun on the where the bow is
laying on the ground like this and the
Sun actually makes it bow upwards so if
you get it just right you keep I had to
flip it like five times just to get it
you know to get it flat I went this way
then I did left it in there too long and
went this way then it went this way and
I'm done now and it's still a little bit
bowed but I think it's the straightest
I'm going to get it so that's our
kitchen door just have to paint it now
it was too sad face Abram don't laugh
don't let see your sad face sad face
don't laugh
she's got a saber don't laugh but don't
laugh of your candy you stub your toe
should we go to the ER literally guys
literally literally we had somebody
coming by ambulances because wait for it
they said their toe no joke we caught it
came to us when they come in just use it
for a ride from from point A to B
they'll come in to out the ambulance and
walk right out of the building
thanks for abusing the system we've got
a lot of people using the system you
know and I've had it up to here I've had
it up there you don't want if you
haven't running up the air they don't so
just don't take me seriously I don't
know is it funny riding that's happening
way up there here I've had it up to here
is it funny
exactly well kind of Jeff on Bebo you
are anybody you better not get it stop
don't you do about your daddy don't you
dare you're not a puppy you can bite me
get done over with that's okay
don't bite people when you go to school
simply oh that's just a game we play
okay okay don't you dare by anybody at
school not even Cuffy not even copy
nobody not even the teacher okay maybe
the teacher just kidding
nobody you guys want to see what I do
when I'm bored I'd like to draw him our
twin brothers face this is what he did
to me I don't think it's very nice slow
me sister dodo
all right Mike Mike you look great all
right guys well that's the end of the
day today
well having my computer that's kind of
scary
I don't like seeing that what is this
those lines all through that oh that
makes me really nervous I have too much
stuff on that computer for it to be
crashing on me I've never seen my
computer do that before scary but we'll
see you guys tomorrow don't forget we
love you and remember love each other
yeah tomorrow we got some big plans get
on the world mount
you
