you wanna see that's your purse so
what's in your purse yeah oh
frozen wallet email a very tiny thing I
hope it's still in there
awesome if you can't tell we're headed
to the library this morning we're
meeting sandy and cup there on Wednesday
mornings at our local library they have
like like crafts kid day storytime type
thing so we're headed there I mean my
hazel and all a boutique dress dressy
casual at the same time I did crafts and
I get two of the dots seem to have
switched places now press hard on all
the dots really hard all of them can you
get rid of the black all right let's
turn the page see if it worked almost
maybe you need to blow a little bit
harder whoa they're getting bigger it
says more clap more go ahead I'll be in
their dresses again
okay so what you guys didn't see was
simply grab cuffs by the hand was like
by the time he was like don't rush me
thank you hand away from her typical man
around joy so cute symphonies that our
friend from Bali is you to addy
did you see Eddie hi Annie
make it strong ninja may bestow you can
make it sissy will help you got to sit
down though your to sit by Symphony
you're gonna make a ninja job sweetie
here's your ninja yeah you need to make
home good morning everybody how's
everybody doing today
I'm going swell up that's well actually
I made a reservation last night for a
home or a house and um Seattle for
vloggerfair and I made a mistake doing
it because the other people are going to
stay with this don't one travels far
there's ten minutes away from the venue
which isn't a big deal but there's other
issues with it there's no AC at it
realize there's no a/c can you believe
that there's no a/c it's a really good
price really as three beds in there
other than that it's pretty cool but um
yeah I'm trying to get it cancelled but
he has a strict cancellation policy
where you only get 50% back if you
cancel it but I literally can't get it
like ten minutes or maybe an hour after
I booked it so I talked to the host and
he said that that was possible to get
home two percent refund and then I had
to talk to Airbnb because I don't know
just this big process so I'm trying to
get a full refund it's been kind of
frustrating but anyway I'm organizing
somebody's closet because I need to
incorporate school clothes now so I've
got summer clothes winter shirts all her
dresses down here
seriously her closet is itty bitty I'm
not trying to sound like oh we need more
in bigger space but for a girl who has
school clothes and all these regular
clothes like she needs more space I
don't know what's your thought we need
to like we could break down the hot
water heater take it out I'm working on
photos trying to catch up I have two
weddings to edit two bridal shoots and
tomorrow I have a newborn
again I generally don't do newborn baby
stuff I'm only doing it because I shot
their wedding and their engagements and
I like to stick with the families that I
photograph school attire whatsoever
going in our little do you guys you guys
gonna see this though Oh what are you
doing bud you're diving in the hangars
let me help you let me help you you're
comfortable buddy I think I figured out
what I'm going to be doing tomorrow I
think I'm gonna start possibly tonight
probably not tonight or tomorrow morning
I wanna make a rail for the porch
everything fell off the edge of this
porch for the third time I was sitting
in the window watched him just walk off
the edge we are so so blessed that has
not gotten hurt yet off this port we are
we're playing choo-choo and a broom
scared of the Train I put a battery in
it we lost the encasing of it but a
bruise over there hiding under his
blanket come here man here come to
choo-choo choo-choo choo-choo choo-choo
choo-choo train choo-choo train I got
you
check this care to the choo-choo train
looks just he's not scared
look just going on the track buddy maybe
he's scared cuz it doesn't have the case
over this is our toy cabinet in the
kitchen community broom a broom come
here mommy's taking a nap
come here we're playing with Juju's
right now we need a curved piece to make
it connect no connected we could do that
you're right if we find another straight
piece we might be able to make it
connect yeah I'll do it
this one goes here hmm maybe it's not
gonna straighten it up because this
piece is extra-long that's why I get
another turn this pin is long here I
think now we could put the straight
piece here like that now I think this
one's extra long - we need to short
that's fine oh there's this one that's
all we need is one more piece there's no
more in there you sure
you ready everyone want to put the train
on the track oops
the batter's kind of positional you
don't like it then we say it off and
they turn the choo choo ah yes ok I'll
turn it off first I'm ing hydro vlogging
cuz everybody everybody misses you
around here man it's just not the same
hallo gay little guys busy with the
camera to to quest what are you doing
man how's your new job are you fixing
phones yet hey bro
what
hopefully you haven't started fixing
them oh cool can you guys replace the
six plus camera yet od really how'd you
get that so fast you had like the three
days Wow
today they hook you up with that it's
only getaway Cosette let's get down
because looks fun yeah show them the
booth
show them the boot that's a boot it's a
Barbie boot what's up Logan what you
doing man I miss you hey oh hey guys
sorry about that
we just said goodnight to Abram he's
down the sleeping and I are gonna finish
her frozen castle they go set well we
might not finish I think we can finish
it tonight that's how we're gonna wind
down tonight and then in the morning I
hope to get started early on that ruling
that is my plan okay no promises not to
anybody not to me and not to you not to
Symphony not to myself no promises
but I do want to get that done well
thanks for joining us today kind of a
homey simple kind of vlog today hope you
guys enjoyed it we'll see you tomorrow
and as always don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
