breakfast with her this morning they're
having an apple okay guys the surprise
is happening today is such a big day
that one of the biggest days for me as a
mommy it's my first day ever to take
Symphony school shopping
a white lunchbox because they're gonna
die dying for your backpack you can get
any lunchbox
I think your aunt got you one for your
birthday I'm not too sure though see
it's the first time that I'll ever go
school shopping with one of my kids for
the first time like yeah abran will have
his first time but this is my first time
as a mom ever in the history of me being
a mom to go school shopping and I'm so
so excited like my heart is beating fast
I'm so excited it's first of all we all
know that I like shopping second of all
this little princess is so excited and
third of all because our shopping trip
is being sponsored at Crazy eight how
exciting is that you guys that's right
we're going on a mini little shopping
spree for symfony off for her school
clothes and you guys can enter to win
$1,000 shopping spree to and I'll give
you more details about that here in a
little bit but first it's time to go try
some stuff on
that's nice baby
seriously $12 I was at another store the
other day eating uniforms just looking
around comparing different prices number
$22 for a pair of sizes five year old
jeans I'm like don't like to pay that
much for my jeans so dollars everywhere
when it comes to be very frightened they
give these cute little shorts the cup on
it she can reveal these are so
okay good job now
we get this cute detail there's a pocket
or the button I love that
there's so many cute things to choose
from and I love how it's all paired
together like look at this they have
this table full of stuff on the top that
would go with these jeans I think first
Anthony I'm gonna go with this navy blue
stripe top and look how the ruffles are
on the bottom love that and the pale
paint for underneath it I think those go
really good together I like those colors
I pretty much completed symphony school
closet here in this store with this one
transaction this has been a great first
shopping experience for school for me as
a mom I know there are many many more
years to come but it's been amazing
it's time for lunch we're at the food
court what are you in the mood for I
think I'm in the mood for some Chinese
you ever had Chinese food we're gonna
have some lunch I'm gonna try to
introduce somebody to the Chinese food
here but first you guys I really scored
it crazy eight and I feel so blessed
that we were able to be sponsored by
crazy eight for just $100 I pretty much
stopped up in her closet for the
beginning of school I cannot believe it
imagine how much you guys could get for
your kids with $1,000 shopping for you
to enter the sweepstakes it's a really
fun thing it's like a social media entry
that you make with your kids all decked
out in their fashion styles for school
using different hashtags like crazy
eight kids crazy 8 sweets take different
things like that I'll have all that
information down below
visit the website crazy eight.com slash
back-to-school style and you'll see all
kinds of stuff the stuff Symphony tried
on today and even more and it'd be so
cool we can share pictures back and
forth on Instagram and Twitter of our
kiddos matching on their first day of
school or whenever when you enter the
code school style xx you'll get 20% off
your online or in-store purchase how
awesome is that I can't wait to see some
of our kids matching for school you guys
let me know if you've been to crazy
eight if you liked it and the different
styles that your kids were attracted to
because some of this stuff was totally
Symphony style I didn't have a ton of
say I was just kind of like the approval
behind everything she got this adorable
hat
I wish it would fit me
it almost does but anyways we are hungry
after all that shopping you hungry yeah
oh yeah we can get you some chick-fil-a
let's go get some as much fun as
Symphony and I had I'm glad to be back
home now
I felt so bad leaving Abram again after
we just got home
he's been sleeping for like three hours
mommy's home home grown ups come back
hey binky get your binky
Oh cranky bubby oh yeah we'll watch a
little Olaf what move hey be nice to
hardly do can you say please good dee
dee dee dee yeah sweet little thing I
swear we have to watch frozen every
single day starving me crazy
it couldn't be something that has like
episodes where you get something a
little different
I've been trying my hardest to morph it
into doc mcstuffins have an eye yeah you
want to watch a doc instead see I just
it's already on just little tiny today
okay Ben I've been on that my arms
around me is body twice even the baby
want cereal that is fine with me I'm
fine with that
don't mind me I'll just come have my own
little party while everyone eat cereal
oh yeah visit your toes you sure go
outside so I got this birthmark on my
wrist guys you see it right there
that's my birthmark and it grows black
hair it's really interesting it's almost
like a malt cuz the molds grow black
hair on the other day somebody grabbed
my hand at work this was like a couple
weeks ago actually she grabbed my hand
and started scrubbing my wrists you got
dirt on your wrist I'm just like no
actually that's my birthmark I thought
it was so strange that she called it
dirt because that's kind of how I felt
it being like it was just a just this
dirt attached to me that I couldn't get
rid of all my life and tell recently I
feel like as you get older you start to
appreciate the little uniqueness about
yourself and you embrace it a little bit
better as I'm getting older I'm starting
to embrace all my imperfections and just
feel more at ease about them more
accepting of them - I used to trim this
up because it's just like it's so
obvious because the black hair on it so
I would just cut it off when I was doing
my beard I'll just shave that off -
because it would look less obvious on my
wrist but lately I just let it go and I
just don't care get a lot more comments
on it lately like what's on your wrist
right there you got some dirt on your
wrist and it's just like it's just a
little things like that that make you
who you are where we all have our own
little imperfections or they're not even
imperfections that are a part of us
that's how God
made us and we should accept it and
embrace it and learn to value the way
God made us exactly how it made us so
it's been really like freeing for me to
just accept certain things about myself
and just kind of let go and stop stop
comparing myself to others and things
like that and just embracing Who I am as
a person so guys just wanna give you
encouragement before we go to work
tonight if you have you know an
imperfection about yourself that you
just can't accept or you're having
trouble accepting I challenge you just
to embrace it that's how God made us
individuals we all have different little
things like this mine happens to be on
my wrist
it grows black hairs so I just want to
leave you guys with that today take the
things that are unique about yourself
and embrace it and be proud of the exact
way God made you and don't be afraid to
to show it off how does this work how do
you guys even know to get on here right
now I'm so confused we love you too guys
we just went live on periscope for the
first time it's just so fun i just
opened the account couple days ago
there's a hundred people 150 people i
terminal read their names and disappear
oh I said I told them to put their name
right there hang out then hi guys you're
on the blog you guys are on the blog
Marlene Danielle because people are
watching us there's 160 people looking
at you right now
yeah they're looking at you right now
that was so much fun I almost came in
and downloaded the app on my phone but
I'm out of space and I'm like whatever
I'll do it when I'm gonna spam anyway
news with Glenn why don't you drink out
of our bottle and we'll just all share
it's nice and cold in there
and I'm gonna clean up a refrigerator
over here it's getting bad there's stuff
right here on the side over here and
there's lots of stuff on this side over
here and I'm going to clean it
completely off to find a home for all
these beautiful handmade projects that
our kids have made us I might keep a few
up here we'll see oh we're gonna go
bye-bye
