hey guys good morning the kids got lots
and lots and lots and lots of backbones
and their stockings and different forms
throughout Christmas symphonies lol
lasers Kaku Abrams pretty so much that
me
yeah Abrams is making bubbles even so
symphonies waters clearer still colored
and fizzed really Tyler has a lot of
color and has made bubbles in the
beginning yeah I'm the dealer which
means that Symphony goes first if you're
the first person to go and you have a
big foot card you take all the big foot
cards out and you lay them face down in
the middle from your hand everyone look
at your cards so Symphony your eyes the
first person to go if you have big foots
you have to put them down in the middle
philip fibbing don't reveal the cards
you just played you must take a nose
from the table and add it to your
glasses then take all the cards from the
discard pile and add them to your hand
if somebody catches if someone catches
you fibbing you have to put a nose on
and take all those cards
I saw three witches fib off it off
it one sasquatch
I saw one with aha tip I call fib
refitting if you're fibbing you take a
nose and faculty three I'm not saying a
word
I saw one go I believe you get monocle
fibs I can fit two aliens I saw two
aliens I mean and that's all in my court
I was telling the truth
oh man
all right who has a shortest nose
Haberman daddy you asked three he has
one well I want anyway right I cut on my
car's hey you guys what's up how you
coping with the post-christmas emotion
so is just like kind of dreary around
the house after Christmas the holidays
aren't over yet though I guess today's
Boxing Day basically I'm trying out my
new coffee that he got me this is
warrior combat robe that owned it's
pretty cool that man crate that opening
answer I can with this little grinder
and it came with this French press it
looks like a regular old thermos but
it's actually a French press Thanks so
down here you just the coarseness of
your grinded means Ultron pretty coarse
cuz I'm doing French press can't let
this handy little scooper
it's often about the spoon guys check
this out this is really cool this comes
with a heavy-duty clamp to keep it shut
that was really cool put that back on
there and grind away and I guess their
ground is falling falling
nice so the French press put the grounds
directly into the water that's water
boiling right here
with that sit on top for five minutes
and up there's done cine push it down
and all that comes up in here is the
coffee and the grounds go to the bottom
that's a fart I'm definitely gonna be
adding all this to my camping kit a
little camping kit I've been building up
so I could just grab and go can't do it
I'm ready this is perfect what are you
guys doing dude help Sofia well I'll use
my new loot at 20 on it no way boys
Romero won't let me go to Kalani gonna
bring that with you
let's try rich personnel
no it's pretty good it tastes like I'm
trapped in the world in this I don't
have technology with it it's kind of
earthy you know baby we're gonna miss
you
well maybe mommy dairies one day but
your fantastic hands Kenny
good luck sweetie sheriff she heard us
it's too late bye I love you
this is hard part by the baby something
that they did look good man your night
vision rotor right now so I feel like
I'm like in the middle the police raid
oh yeah we're gonna go see pitch perfect
it's a really funny movie but it's not
what I would have put you loved it hello
never seen in the theaters yeah it's fun
to watch but I would never choose like
that I've got many years not to spoil
the ending rated took all my money
Andrea tricks they and
I told him that grab our
lockers if it's my she was keeping in
her purse for us found a long story of
anyway all the way back up in the
theater to go find it a nice creamy
still and she was letting me walk away
she goes was it out of our way so we
loved in the movie pitch perfect 3 it
kind of sounded it seemed like the final
goodbye yeah like this is the final one
your dinner now in Matthew Avery brought
some more Christmas gifts for us but I
got a simple scrumptious Restless crazy
busy life she printed out the cover of
it and gave it to me in a box
everybody got a fork except me this is
really awkward everybody's face except
for you it's a good thing Sam it's a
good thing to blur the patient with
something interesting thank you guys man
way to end our date we come outside and
Sam's tailgate is open and his two
massive toolboxes have been stolen
he's calling the police right now now if
you pulled out the classic I told you so
I'm sorry people Sam don't do that I'm
so sad Sam oh you're so cute let's play
Sam's pride and joy its tools right now
he spent so much time and money
so sad for Cena so devastating I know
it's just things it's just material
things but I know the day after
Christmas and that took a lot of time to
collect all of his tools and he was so
proud of each of them it's so sad Ilham
police are here let's talk to Sammy Jo
taking some fingerprints yes we're
vloggers you know just documenting this
crazy ended to into our day
how do you feel it's a bummer that was a
collection of tools that I accumulated
over a pretty long time it wasn't just
something I bought put back there it's
just such a blower just thousands of
dollars or if that's bulls in there they
stole a little toolbox I think large
toolbox with all my big tools in there I
had just bought a word drive circular
saw that alone was for hundreds of
dollars just for that little soul that
was my favorite saw do so many blades in
their reciprocating saw circular sole I
had a drill taking us up one drill here
those are the top of line to walk tools
those are other cheaper but ain't no
joke they just got away with benefit got
away with the police officer said
there's not much they can do which I
knew right away they're probably not
gonna be able to do anything unless the
guy goes around keep stealing from other
people they'll eventually catch the guy
but my tolls are probably long gone for
good
so I've parted ways with my tools
unexpectedly I know I'd have to restart
my collection it's not that big of a
deal I automatically trust people and
this is somewhat of an eye-opener for me
I
yeah you can trust people but you still
got to be really careful yeah this just
takes one untrustworthy person like
turtle up yeah I know but put those
holes away
we're home now at least I still have my
tree right and an empty truck bed I've
got the back of my truck look like empty
like that huh feel like my manhood is
gone right now guys they've not gone
wrong is right there I left my wallet I
don't leave it I lost my wallet my
wallet is gone as well
I just put my towel in there today
before we left the house so I did my my
pocket and we went to go buy snacks and
I discovered that my wallet we were
supposed to pay for the food tonight we
knew he had his wallet which should have
been our first clue to go look for it
like that's weird
and so my tile was saying the last place
had picked it up was out the movie
theater so I'm thinking I've dropped it
out of the car it fell out of my pocket
and it came out with me that's one of
the I think though because the tile was
working before I left the house it was
here it would be beeping I'm gonna go
look for my wallet now not my way there
I'm gonna look in the back of every
truck that I see and hopelessly search
out my toolbox remember we love you and
to love each other
