good morning beautiful babies what are
y'all playing this morning okay ha those
are Aggies Symphony ask mommy to make a
big breakfast eggs sausage and toast so
she got it
I missed making breakfast for my baby
daddy that's for you daddy RT 8 years he
went night-night it's okay he's sleepy
eat your a Abram you have your own eggs
silly those are symphonies ahead you
have if you're gonna steal my eggs I
would kill you
look can I help you the kid Abram still
has a fever this morning you guys it's
so sad huh no more no we're not gonna
take Bobby's eggs either bye look you
need to vlog put your fork down make
sure you see your face yeah he Jie try
to say eggs what do you eat neighbor the
tree right there
daddy good morning guys I'm sitting on
the couch reading my Bible I'm reading
out of John today and symfony and Abram
are reading their Bibles to I really
symphony did good she just recited the
Lord's Prayer a couple of times she read
a story Abrams drawing now but symphony
I wanted to ask you a question okay one
um devotion that I've been reading is
called I want to show you guys what it
looks like it's called never say no
raising big picture kids it's this one
right here never say no raising big
picture kids then you open it up and
today I am on this one which I was
supposed to read well as a VidCon and do
that and it says love is spelled time
love is wildly popular in conversations
and songs everyone believes in love at
least we think so but believing is not a
problem it's the duty and so there's a
lot more that goes along with it but I
thought it was interesting saying how we
all believe in love
it doesn't matter like who you are where
you come from what your faith is what
your religion is I did all believe in
love of some sort or we have like strong
beliefs about love so I wanted to see
what my kids think about love what do
you think love means I'm cool with it
people do anything before you're putting
other people's needs before you their
needs that is a good definition of love
what are you doing over did you draw on
your finger oh oh you can draw in the
little paper sissy set out well that was
an interesting answer when frozen first
came out and we were doing like the lip
syncs and everything were real involved
with movie frozen some of our family
were had heard some of the negative
connotations behind frozen and there are
quite a few different negative
connotations that go behind the movie
frozen like a couple different angles
and so they were like you sure you want
to be like promoting this and that and
it just goes to show that of all the
negative things that can be like hidden
in a movie whether it's true or not
symphonie definitely got like the major
message out of love can mean a lot of
different things but that's definitely
how you love someone
I'm sitting in line at the bank and a
commercial came on the radio get your
kids to check up for school today and I
was like I got to do that it's on my
list of things to do like this week or
next week for symphony hi so Bihar
sure Jacob me do need a checkup
wait you mean added doctor yes Jenna had
her shots done in a while I don't know
she she did like her two-year shot and I
don't think she's done anything past
that was here for you
alright y'all ready to go in the post
office I moved Abram up in a diaper
sighs he was wearing a four and right
now he's wearing a five you can just
really tell him back of his pants let's
go in little Curious George oh here we
are 1684 let's see what we got you got a
few these little ones that say we need
to come up here I get our question Jim
I'm jus like yo it was so funny huh my
poor bushes are kind of dying since our
trip when I came home though they were
all like flat on the ground and I
watered them and now they're at least
standing up it's not like we really take
care of our garden anyways that I don't
like it when the ones that I have been
taken care of die not fun we're going to
be doing some landscaping soon I don't
know when but I know that the the deal
is to finish this part right here
hello arm real up or chair ill think
it's called the arm rail then do some
landscaping all over here in this area
and alright they're so funny like we're
at VidCon and Sam asked the question
about show in the front of our house
Anna we are outside seriously like 50%
of our day like you guys would see like
nothing but us in the house like cooking
and cleaning like when I'm not cooking
or cleaning or like reading with the
kids like I'm outside with them or we're
out running errands kind of hard not to
show the front of your house or like
your cars and stuff it's weird one thing
I want to show you guys is how I reuse
Symphony's birthday party supplies into
the decor of our home do you how cute
that looks I have it in our kitchen on
display I love the way it looks I'm
gonna replace these with fresh flowers I
just haven't done that yet because we
were going out of town and I don't wanna
have to keep up with it and plus I gave
symphony girl but yeah it's so cute the
little birds color magic book I'm gonna
rethink it
no you're gonna unthink she keep some
Hammond what's that rethink it person
she said you're gonna unthink this hey
guys good morning miss you guys so much
feel like I'm always with you when I was
at VidCon but now that I'm all about to
sleep I hate sleeping such a waste of
time you made some chicken fried steak
hey yes I didn't chicken fried steak
it's what's for dinner
mmm mmm like how many uses paper plates
said why do you like that there's the
cost of water down okay I like the
flavor of the car wood and it ain't mix
with the food it's really not that bad
you are such a jerk kidding yeah I don't
taste any cardboard no I think it's
great come on she doesn't have to worry
about doing dishes things are great I
don't know I do the dishes every single
day since no I mean not as much I have
like a few less plates to put you guys
play it's okay yeah we have we had like
a small I thought our sink is kind of
small and so when you have like three
meals a day at home because we're all
home in the kids it's like three six
nine plates I could just rinse them out
or whatever whatever's here apply it
saves room space time all night yeah I
think you're doing a great job
come on kids let's go eat yeah yeah yeah
yeah come eight kids a grown children
it's dinnertime he looks so happy when I
woke up this morning such a great face
to see when I wake up cute with my hair
cut out what your just smell
seriously guys listen who watched our
vlog yesterday how cute was the before
prom scene where I come in
and Sam wraps me up I like I love it I
wasn't going well was what my favorite
part but my favorite part was when I put
the do rerun mm-hmm oh man you're
totally thrown off this whole romantic
comedy I like it well that was the most
popular singing about armpit yeah
everybody thought it was funny
so I did good thing in yeah you didn't
hey you amigo party you go potty sit on
the toilet sit on the toilet
sit on it
oh just trying to take it off he's not
going to show us what you do right
before we left for VidCon Abram was
going back and forth from our room to
the restroom dropping just bunch of
stuff inside the toilet while Nia was in
the bed really
yeah I had to pull like four different
things out of toilet like toilet paper a
toy
funny I remember exactly
put a couple toys in there and he put a
toilet paper roll in there are you
hungry no I don't think you put
toothbrush get my voice back that's good
I do have to do a lot of talking I work
with my patients and the team but um
slowly but surely coming back still not
my normal boys get the keys ready for me
thank you mister thank you so much sure
guys I'm off to work now um have fun
with kiddos tonight I love you Abel
you're brushing your teeth buddy selfish
so you're just basically eating and
sucking at all you know you know how
about first I barely put any on there
like see like that and it's a little bit
older for him it's for ages 2 and up
he's almost - you're welcome
real good there you go get the front
righty-o stick it you have to brush my
piss buddy you see your teeth smile
smile
Keith come here I got a brush you like
this alright guys is hot outside
you're gonna help please so much and I'm
like doing everything I can to distract
them so we can stay in silence oh we
played outside a couple different times
a day so right now the kids are being
distracted with moon sand and I think
I'm gonna clean the kitchen while they
do that
Oh yourself I see
he loves this movie and I'm feeling so
much more productive in the distraction
department than I did earlier today
Abram is now painting he's making a
little picture for mommy are you
painting wha sure
man nah Sears don't you say mommy I
wanted mommy is that your fingerprint
let's see what sisters up to Symphony's
cleaning in here abram has moved it that
does not go in your mouth it goes on the
paper buddy ending our night with of
course a little bit of Candyland tonight
I am malli mallow
or Molly mallow a bit it's Molly it may
L my thou o Abram what's wrong so
anyways guys thanks for hanging out with
us today we had a really good day I'm
just so happy to be home I did all of
our unpacking almost all of our own
package if you like this video today
give it a thumbs up make sure to
subscribe and come back every day for
more awesome family fun videos tomorrow
we have a little surprise for you you
don't want to miss it it involves this
girl and this girl and we are gonna have
some fun anyways guys don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
mommy don't forget we love me and
remember this is a pretty fun
you
you
you
