good morning guys it's day three of
VidCon we're getting ready to head to a
Q&A from the shaitaan' re this is my
outfit today I'm wearing my overalls get
them from ERISA's got this shirt from
races and doctors are about my hair
today though I tried to do like a
layered curl thing can you see it and
like in the mirror it looks like cute
but when I'm in the sunlight looking
right now it looks like a bunch of
friends so I don't know but anyways
we're about to head out the door and go
get some coffee and breakfast now in the
hardest time how do you open this door
woah you're just a little scared wow if
I drop the vlogger right here on this
tiny balcony that's so pretty
oh man I wish to her tight enough room
for a little chairs I have some coffee
out here morning
I love Sam's outfit today I heard really
like in his outfits lately this matches
that yellow that kind of matches this
little stripe going a little more casual
today
we're here we've got our coffee and some
breakfast we're headed to see Shay
Carl's Q&A have any questions ready you
can ask fun
I don't think we're open
it's a Q&A it's that is all in it since
our questions
yeah I'm gonna understand
Sam's voices he's losing his voice
there we are whoa Jeremy that's awesome
so
there's all of us
that's where you want to go we're headed
to a barbecue a story goes we got lost
hard to make flour walking buddy we
didn't give her a proper shot or say so
this is Jenica from zamak oh we just
assume everyone knows you guys totally
need to go and check their family she's
married to Sam as well
there were always really bad so funny
while ago she was like them Sam Sam I'm
like ha ha that you haven't agra for to
do weddings
we had been walking for like 10 minutes
Sam's like oh we still have 7 minutes
like sweaty out here please get my car
now in charge of directions and he lost
his voice so way in front of us so look
at this guy's they went all out for
these couples pizza hamburgers
appetizers this is Jerry from Levine
life this is his wife oh yeah tell them
the truth our house we're the Levine
White House you can check us out you
know Jackie
for two years right here Danny Boy in
the girl shoe and one years old and you
started with right when you had your
first one yeah cool so the delivery of
the second ones on the block
everything's wrapped which is coming out
really yeah warning
you guys for checking out this is what
all of our homes have in common right
here right after all of our homes are
going somewhere our table keeps morphing
over here we're like trading seats it's
like musical chairs but like weird
so now gave him Baber here we're all
this stuff in our faces like Pharrell
they took care of us it's like buffet
style pizza Italian food all this stuff
is awesome ocean is
okay I think I've seen her face yeah you
must have because I don't watch don't
watch
beauty channels oh this is our first
no it's individuals we're just gonna
come into Center took us 20 minutes to
get here gonna play walking back all
that sitting around and talking man
position
singing or what beauty
oh my god
I see
he just watched
Sam in the
Janice
April oh yeah
a big announcement for really big so big
even if its topic he's making a big deal
except we got to do with his document
Vegas
we have told you we're making together
that's all about you got I can change
your business and make change the way we
consume media guys shaming in the future
everything we consume here's a sneak
peak check out
present
and I know their family is okay
Oh
like this is a meter that is Quintus
hiding behind my I'm just so tired
talking it's really frustrating to talk
to people but my voice actually hurts it
hurts the top it's getting worse and
worse I'm ready to go home in the
morning
I can't do it anymore I'm trying to be
social though it's really hard
you cannot have another shouting that's
no way to treat your people inside were
you going back there I'll be like this
and I'll be like I'm in the vlog this is
how we roll alright that's inappropriate
vlogging okay I'll be sure to sign up
your blogger we call that the blogger
vlogger right what do you guys call your
cameras vlogging you call it vlogging
vlogging vlogging oh that's cute here
let the camera camera give me the camera
again again wedding man one two three
that's where you were born that's why I
borrowed a groom in the head John
that's the face of the channel
I know you're the prettiest girl fish
but I want to know if you're both wrong
you're so cute Doug it's a flower okay
that's the cutest thing I've ever seen
would you guys recognize the shirt he's
got the good-looking dad shirt on just
yeah this is what Sam wore in our viral
video I don't know that it was Express
is John and we're with Nikki again I'm
at the picnic the other day just like
the rest of our squad from the weekend
you guys recognize them we are at the
Cheesecake Factory for the second time I
know and it's good because we're gonna
leave it for a.m. and the same has to go
straight back to work tomorrow and we
have an agenda these guys are going to a
big huge party vote this this our squad
we're going to prom night I'm not
dressed up we're in all our dressy
clothes and what's funny is that
underneath their dressy shirts they're
wearing like their pants from today that
they walked in all day oh you yeah your
shorts you've got shorts on trying to
disguise it
we'll hang out at vloggerfair it's
really cool that we had this special
guest here tonight John and Nikki missed
you guys go check them out they're giant
bugs how chairman we got to be you
we'll see you guys next month ya know
you're leaving at 4:00 a.m. we are
tomorrow morning he's gonna say goes
right at you Tommy wait foreshadow only
first shout-out there he is
what's up man I love you I love you so
much man
alright guys we'll today's our last
after Carly we're sorry you're floating
away well today is the last day at
VidCon guys with such an amazing three
days yeah it was perfect so much fun is
prom we had so much fun
rooming with these guys over here and it
was just we had so much fun you guys
know J house those of you don't know J
housemates you guys check them out go
subscribe go check out the star oh gosh
they're awesome editors he is such a
display fakes and amazing editor also
just having stuff my son hit man I could
spend more time on my vlog I really do a
great oh man thank you yeah go check out
the stuff guys I'll put a link in the
description below and we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget
