we made it we're here in LA at LAX
trying to get a ride we're trying to get
all the uber a rifle uber but there was
any arise available in the area so now
we're waiting for a Disney shuttle we
made it to the hotel guys we're at world
March hotel not Walmart Hotel like the
bus driver thought we were safe
and Kendra is here I came broke and
Jeremy is checking us in over here I'm
holding him in my palm hi Jeremy hey
good man
I just got city wishes they're so
confident Rox
yeah the crowd so I had those on and I
was gonna get him and I decided to go
with these and I already have a blister
so trying to decide who wins will a
master bedroom what was the felony the
last time I checked we were out of town
and like ten minutes later she said that
salmony are in the window and good I
think that you guys one-by-one
searchability guys thanks for giving us
much enjoy make my apartment work there
we go yes my manhood
look at this oak and Ruggeri I found a
room we can share guys I feel bad take
mr. knife room the whole time
no I mean we can have it one day than
you guys feel like you guys say you're
me changer will have perfect seeing you
alright yeah
I don't have the quiet clothes it's
pretty good let's see here what they got
inside the tank this is the convention
center right they're popping up over
that building we have some cute stuff in
here no one's listening so you guys
listen to me okay
look how cute this is I told Kendra I
was like let's just sit it out so I'm
just gonna put it on the stove and look
at these cute little cups oh and Sam
lost his wallet like for real he pulled
it off the old Sam joke at the elevator
like okay so my my wallet yeah that's
cool blah blah blah I'm like legit he
really did lose his wallet already on
the strip so finally on our way to
VidCon will forgot why we came
so here we go
so twins Wow there it is honey VidCon
creator let's get on the bus right now
and go to the park like I am just so
excited and ready there we go oh my hey
guys I think we found a ride you see
this Apaches are you Patrick oh you're
waiting for Patrick okay we're waiting
for okay so see if you see the driver we
mate
this is Patrick by the way I guess I am
internet King community works every
recipe coming down to our own and look
at this transportation they got this is
nice
go ahead honey you first you first you
first go
they're using us Justin
he's really excited me neighbor yeah man
hey hi Sierra rice Tim I am in the
grilled cheese and goat cheese yep
cool there's your wife loggers on the
blog with you guys kind of vlog volume
so many bloggers I used to have that
camera that's a good one just quit the
skies you don't put this I introduce you
guys coming
oh yeah that one's cool very pretty
please reset my eyes
good that's our fan base it would like
to see you a person what's up guys long
time no see right nice shirt man comb
and vlog on that's awesome
click this merch calm from the original
zero now we're getting snow cones to
beat this heat out here
this is the other family they have a
vlog channel Nikki and John blog you
guys gotta go check them out they're
really sweet yeah Sam India that's right
Sam India are awesome they're super nice
people they they live up to it oh thank
you
now look guys it's howdy but while they
were napping you and I have been
chatting quite a bit in the last couple
of weeks and I'm so excited to meet you
in person you guys have to go check out
her channel I was just saying that she
looks like mermaid Barbie so long I'm
like what am I gonna do and just over
here stroking it like a creepy hair 101
you guys have been giving me such a hard
time about Abraham's here she just gave
me some really valuable Tim you're gonna
help April's life and hair 101 with a
troll you guys gotta go check it out she
has got some good hair tips and just
really nice
all right we made it back to the
Convention Center after hanging out with
Chad Reiter who are awesome and a cool
couple truly excited to get to know them
better
he feels like a Raider feels like a
brother already it's really cool we're
gonna go to a panel some family families
with an audience and the nine Mills are
going to be hosting it it's been around
here
you don't need to get really third party
man you know just like weird and the
other question was a lot of people
freaked out about us showing our
licensing place and in front of our
house I've got three wants to kill me
that's where to find me
like so this is awesome Bernie I've no I
was just talking okay those are you you
just made I was going on the
Oh
nice family on the planet
hey I'm gonna soak that in he even
smells good people even smells good hey
how you doing yeah no I didn't are you
sure yeah cuz she sort of scented Rudy
frozen but the conversation I don't you
is more about the Asians video do you
yeah you guys go check us out feel free
to we daily blog she's more treasure
than me was just could I edit the video
is my manipulate people into thinking
that she's really read hey would you
mind use the shadow on our own channel
subscribe to this channel don't forget
any other channel on YouTube one
right there I was about to say you do
that so we're gonna go eat some
cheesecake favorite restaurant suggested
that I was inspiration we're singing a
positive
we lost signal I guess awesome group of
people man you guys look great in that
Sun that's SoCal Sun beautiful is giving
the Sun flare coming in
oh you guys aren't perfect no yeah we
what hey you guys know we are poor guys
were ending the day in the hot tub I'm
losing my voice I think I talked way too
much today I need to practice talking
with my diaphragm instead of my lips
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other and since if
eni's not here
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to get in a hot tub
and this
