hi we got a missed call from you guys
this is Samuel Nia
by the same guy loved by the same
to give
together okay yeah sorry about that I
mean hit you so hard this is this guy's
second boy oh me oh are you hungry you
get the chills very cold
cool yeah buddy you got a blow on it
oh no here there you got to blow it I
did it you have to blow because it's hot
no I didn't you have to boat cuz it's
hot Abram blow it cuz it's hot buddy you
have to blow it
Abram it's hot for you so rubbery this
morning I know extra rubbery what a
squishy pop yeah like a squishy pop
whatever that is spicy pop is like the
little ninja turtle that I have the
ninja turtle ninja ninja ninja
are you sure an engine ninja turtle
yeah are you sure it's not ninja turtle
ninja okay it's an engine well like the
My Little Pony ones too my little pony
or My Little Pony are you sure it's not
my little pony
what's mommy done I am getting kids
clothes ready for our trip this weekend
our parents are not going oh so sweet
let me see with her somebody's got to
put up the shelf if somebody's got to do
I'm worth tiresome we call something to
come over just to kill ourselves and
only drink that's how much I don't want
to mess with that thing I'm gonna be
stocking up on some snacks and like
lunch and dinner food for the kids while
our parents are over helping out with
them just to make it a little easier
okay hey Sam you can see us out here I
am vlogging vlogging out here yay I
thought you were sleeping you need to go
to sleep well close your eyes more okay
bye I love you okay I love you too so
four he's still talking and now symphony
and I are going out for just a little
trip to the nail salon because tomorrow
is her actual birthday she will be five
years old on July 23rd which is today
for you guys but she is five years old
and we're at VidCon and I just wanted to
take her out for a little alone time
with mommy so that tomorrow when she's
with her grandmother she'll look at her
nails and think of mommy and just just
remember that Mommy made a point to make
her birthday special is that a good plan
and I also have maybe a minor little
surprise for her
that I'm not gonna tell her about she
will not know until her actual birthday
but I really my symphony has her chair
and these are the colors she picked up
she's gonna have a yellow space that she
calls it with orange polka dots right is
that what you want awesome and I'm just
gonna do basic bright summery nasty pink
I like that shade on somebody doesn't
only get her fingernails painted but I'm
letting her do it because it's her
birthday and because they've changed the
way they do their children's pedicures
here little silly those are really
bright we're all done we just left this
is our product company got bright yellow
and I got French tip on my nail art Oh
symphonies look really cool here we can
take these out they mean
are you ready to go alright symphonie
got a package today we think it might be
a birthday present
oh it's something Charlotte sure it's
from Serena Polly Chi happy birthday
Symphony Oh something I believe have you
got that for you that's awesome
hey what do you say let's say thank you
Serena Thank You Serena oh go show him
hi guys good morning I just woke up and
I had some ribs so they were amazing
falling off the bone melting in my mouth
delicious finger looking good babe thank
you so much and the doggies get a happy
treat before we go out of town you want
bones a knee
oh yeah that's good that's real good
mm-hmm you guys got a share it okay I
don't want any fighting out here Andy go
eat your ribs go eat your ribs crazy
girl maybe this whole ant is digging man
just keeps getting deeper and deeper
okay I'll come get them give me a sec
let them eat these ones oh yo where's Oh
yo guys we got a really awesome phone
call today no mess is just a phone call
no answer I didn't answer it and guess
who else got a phone call my sister
Rachel yeah not even lying we both
missed a call so we don't know what
they're about but I think you guys might
have an idea what I'm talking about
you want daddy but I'm gonna try to call
him back here in a minute my phone died
and I'm gonna call him back with you you
guys Abram get out of there come on dude
hey Annie
oh man what a funny guy yeah what are
you doing they try to drink it you gotta
sit in it oh no this is gonna fall over
here crazy boy boy you can't get enough
of water can you think of this guy I
wish I could fit in there with you buddy
so this trip for me it's kind of a
bittersweet trip because I'm really
nervous about leaving the kids behind
but I'm really excited about spending
some one-on-one time with Nia for three
days we really wanted to meet with this
Judy's life a couple of you guys have
asked about it already but they're
actually not even gonna be really part
of the con I talked to Benjy we're gonna
hang out at vlogger fair
instead of VidCon because he says he
uses VidCon strictly for business
purposes and they're having a family
reunion or something and they're not
going to be available to end up with so
I'm pretty pumped over for vacation it's
been a while
been working real hard you know I
finished this whole house I think I
deserve it okay it looks pretty good in
the backyard you guys haven't seen it
from the back have you looks just as
good at the front
you want them out the bug
hi we got a missed call from you guys
Samuel Nia alright well thank you so
much you too but alternates that's good
alternates really but you sounded so
disappointed I could hear it in your
voice
I thought for sure we're gonna get it no
we kept getting all these calls like
they called Sam's sister today and all
this stuff
no one alternate I mean just 16 people
if somebody drops out we'll get it I
still don't like being like chosen last
other ones are I guess we'll find out
anyway it was happening to her vlog
affair so I was like I think it was
either vlogger fair to this so I'm not
that disappointed oh that's good yeah
well so it would be next month when
symphonies in school like this button
right here like pull it right here pull
your hand right here in school state put
it through it
while you're walking tell me you got a
baby boy in your mouth that's really
cool thanks people for getting up for
Abram it's perfect both of them love it
this is awesome and it both machine
works really good all right guys time to
pack and get ready to leave early in the
morning we're leaving early what time we
heading out of here honey 5:00 a.m.
we're pretty much packed though I
started you know we won't be here when
you wake up in the morning no but anyway
guys we'll see you tomorrow for a
fun-filled day we got several things
planned for tomorrow just so excited
that I will see you tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
