yeah good morning guys symphonie opened
up her moon sand today from her birthday
party this was from Cuffy you having fun
with it
you came with green sand and purpose and
a tray let's do it three tools pretty
cool we tie-dyed our towel last night
for our Army's nest video we'll see how
that looks when we unwrap it I'm not too
sure what its gonna turn out like we'll
see are y'all ready for the splash pad
you ready to go splash bubs okay hold my
finger but it yeah yeah
Abram pull my fingers oh you little
rebel sided me Tessa and Sandy are hall
meeting at the splash pad here in Forney
to let our kids cool off and run around
and have some movie nor you Tessa I'm
good I haven't seen Tessa in forever her
husband brought the girls to symphonies
party last week so I didn't get to see
her everyone was like where's Tessa
where's Tessa like how are these girls
here I don't guess like my family hasn't
come I guess Sam's family Sam's family
grew up with Tess's husband kind of and
church and stuff so anyway they don't
ever associate yeah that's probably true
I let symphony dress herself today you
did a good job babe you know in soccer
mode well well well look who made it
yesterday we were planning this sandy
told me three times I kid you not
don't be late I don't want to wait on
you don't be late and that's kind of
unlike her she's not like all picky
about that like that sounds like geez
I've been on time I was eight minutes
late and she's not even here yet oh and
she just pulled up I'm like sandy Han
you made me stress out and run around
for nothing
like their cookies you are so happy here
hey bro show me your monkey swing
okay so we were just giving our kids
like stereotypes for how they're acting
on the playground like cut got fast in
the Furious your girls what did we say
because they just keep waving at us
single oh hey forgot Curious George the
monkey and symphony is pretending to be
a lifeguard going putting the kids on
the side and I was like oh she's windy
peppercorn and these two girls are like
I'm totally just going to go along and
then you're like totally in the comments
right now before they even answer you
already know I know your idea somebody
already answered me on the Bubble
Guppies no sandy and I'm disappointed in
you Arthur
I know
I know why would I be disappointed in
you about a cartoon corn okay Sadie just
told me I told saying it's a tepid I
could ask three people that's relatively
our age Google that's just cheating we
read real it is ringabel No okay so I
think I'm going to but I'm a little
scared and nervous so I'm just gonna
have to wait a second first Halloween
do you know who we need
one point for y'all okay oh okay so I
didn't get to punch my friends in Delhi
I'm thinking you know this is Scott he
knows she was hyper guardroom thank you
thank you Scott hey I did not know I did
it no no no she didn't know but he was
like that blackguard is that the lack
guard from then I was like it from the
bad luck from in life so yeah okay so
that concludes our little challenge
you're asking the younger ones who
wouldn't even know those of you who knew
that answer right away
now tell me hollow here I probably mid
twenties early thirties it was a puppy
she was like my gosh she would like my
boys would know they all watched it and
I'm like see so the people it was a boy
movie at one and they were all cute
I watched it all you know because the
boys I'd like my new peppercorn was no
Vinnie was my favorite dog oh we got
balloon everyone's distracted and
worried about losing them
no like stop Cupid your balloons what's
up guys enough time to send it for the
kids they're just chilling and relaxing
I'm trying to finish up my tie-dye video
we did it yesterday
unlike last week I saw and man it is the
challenge to film and do all this stuff
by yourself they had to work last night
it's going up tomorrow we're going to
fix on this weekend's I really need to
get it done we definitely had it
separated so that there would be a
little more white in the towel so that's
one thing that kind of went wrong but I
actually really like how it turned out
one side is a little more vivid than the
other this is very obvious tie-dye
stripes and then this has a little more
of like the actual tie-dye look to it on
this side mom dad you build that no did
daddy help you I love it it's really
good
are you having fun with Daddy this kid
was having a meltdown let me tell you he
was not getting his way I'm trying to
cook dinner there's trains and magnets
all over the floor he came over here cuz
he was upset he started ripping all this
off the frigerator my head it was mess
so daddy got him distracted building in
there was sweet daddy is he in a better
mood yeah so did you guys go vote for
the laugh off yesterday what did y'all
think wasn't that hilarious I was
cracking up just watching I didn't get a
good memory y'all had do you need help
oh please good job baby
look at the little mister he found a
little pushing you fellow of cushiness
you know mister building building blocks
okay
bowing a tower
no I love this guy's personality he's a
little bit on the cranky side but I
still love them so much
hey you are you so focused
oh those lips why mister wow that's
pretty cool Abram tower tower you're me
now starting to make me sad
can you stop annoying me please excuse
me excuse me hey Gopi I'm over here
hi guys how's everybody doing tonight
need you get a phone call it was
comfortable Jackson California hello
said one thing I think it's goodbye huh
you guys want to see the blanket I slept
with last night can I show him yes we
did me and I both together did this so
yesterday Nia put the comforter and the
dryer way what is that did it stain in a
dryer to our comforter got really burned
up you see that's just a spot but this
is just so interesting health coverage
but it turned into like this layer of
foam on the inside of the comforter it's
just it's just so weird what happened
because it feels like it's cotton in
there right
maybe you're wrong but then you know it
burned up and it turned it to like a
solid piece on the inside this is all
solid now and it feels like a thick
piece of foam it sort of cause and it's
in different spots
all over here it's just like one big
thick piece of foam so weird so weird
I'm making this interesting Indian meat
sliced lentils Oh smells so good it
smells really good I thought it was
gonna be like this I didn't expect it to
be like it smells like cinnamon look at
this little cup over here not hardly
where'd you get this recipe the store
just found like it I found like a little
kit where it tells you what to do and
what to get it and all that
Indian food for a couple visit my last
job he needs to bring Indian food up
there a lot what made you think of that
made you think of the tales
by Steph tails hmm they must have some
kind of like sensor on the tail maybe
not at the absolute feel dogs because
dogs tails don't drive dogs have kennels
to express themselves the tail goes
under when they're afraid and they wag
when they're happy with their emotions
why do you think what why do you think
cats have tails try to take a educated
guess
think about maybe cats have tails and
may be nice and dogs
one there unders kind of bear you know I
think cats probably have tails to keep
balance maybe no and to protect them
from other cats trying to make them oh
yeah what about cows maybe that is why
all animals have tails to protect them
and they don't remain my house until
they're smaller the other tails are kind
of short about pigs pigs have anybody
tells better early that are curling why
would they have tiny toes no well maybe
that could just be God putting a cute
little touch cute little touch that to
tell so they could get be protected by
dogs because a dog could could buy it a
cab you're right so what would the tail
do to protect them like wacom yeah I
think whack the dogs away yeah get
really serious that are feminists you
guys I think her teachers are gonna love
her in school because she's we were very
logical when she speaks and she doesn't
pull back and she has good questions
like these sue sits at the table with
money why do some animals have tails
like rats cats dogs
she just said she really thinks about
stuff like that I'm sure there's a good
reason why pigs have tells you guys know
why pay cells if you guys know why picks
up tails put it in the comment section
below we would love to know I could
easily Google it but I want to hear what
you guys have to say it's kind of
interesting question because we tell
they're so tiny they don't protect
anything or hide anything we just kind
of sit there yeah and just wiggle and
they don't work I think they do wagga a
little bit well yeah
no well not big like dogs haha oh my
gosh I just thought something how pigs
like to go on the mud I didn't know like
mountain backwards in the butter honey
maybe kind of springy a human were
hurting themselves okay it's like a
shock absorber for her pigs bucks when I
go back like absorbs their prey okay
we're gonna pray bye guys
