oh look at these sweet paces sweet
morning faces of course everyone has a
little tear hands are not paying are you
cold buddy eat girl watching a play a
video first thing in the morning of
course kneeling on sissy shoulder good
morning guys hope everybody's having a
great day today and had a great day
yesterday ed and see you yesterday I got
some stuff I got to do I need to upload
two cards of wedding pictures from
Saturday night that I haven't uploaded
this is the first time I've ever not
uploaded photos right away when I get
home just makes me nervous when the
photos are laying around and I never
leave them in my camera the cars of my
camera and I never leave them in the
case after I take the photos I'm very
careful about wedding photos and after
that I need to do some editing this
morning I got to go back to work tonight
so I don't have too much time to edit
but I have to get some dumb because I
have a wedding to get back before we go
to VidCon when a VidCon this week so
excited about that just gonna be so much
fun but um yeah just gotta play catch-up
here and he is still sleeping better get
a little bit of extra sleep while I do
some editing I had a good night at work
it was one of those welcome back to work
Sammy because I took two days off when I
was sick and then I had the rest of the
week off goes off pretty much seven days
I was off pretty much six days straight
as one of those days where the patients
were like welcome back Sammy to the ER
it was pretty rough out a couple like
patients we had a restrained
Sydney's trained on her new goggles do
they fit good what do you think I think
you tight to loose to tights I don't
think so baby you need a contact cuz you
want to suction to your face you don't
want water to leak around the edges here
a char put them on again like that what
do you think they're not they're not
going to be really comfortable baby they
got they have to be a little bit tight
what's wrong with them hey Brianna try
the goggles come here hey get over here
hey nope look at that bad boy
yeah let's try them on try more you're
like you know suit they look like they
fit everyone pretty good simply a baby
teenager he does you're right it's so
funny a bespectacled teenager you don't
like am a room mommy wife and husband
you going heavy I think so why do you
ask that question because I don't know
there is this video or someone was
getting married okay and a while after
that part the wedding girl in the flower
girl
she said um we've just kissed her dad
yeah that was that like a commercial or
something
mm-hmm so that made you wonder if we're
going to be husband and wife in heaven
well definitely still be married to
heaven he'll still be our daughter
Abram will still be your son well I'll
still be a family okay
does that answer your question
yeah good stickers on your hand
mommy you go show mommy go show mommy
cute little man
go show your mommy buddy mommy's
shopping day has commenced
Brett Hayes on all of you got some stuff
to exchange this is so adorable I've
always on these we go to bitches you
guys are gonna have to go online
hey this is Taylor oh it's all blurry
hey Taylor she's the owner that's pretty
cute maybe I will try this on
so isn't your other clearance so my goal
here is to get a few summery dresses
that's what I'm exchanging summer
dresses that just did not fit me right
and I'm hoping to just get a few more to
replace it with so that I can go be
comfy and cool and also stylish trying
to keep things here just some of the
stuff I felt intimidated to wear none on
the mom like it's sort of short it's a
little tight this is for you sorry I'm
like that is so for me okay guys here's
my dressing room I have all this stuff
to try on lots of lace and bright
summery things there's another shirt
coming my way more lace so I'm gonna do
a little fashion show type thing there's
this you really have like a Mennonite oh
my gosh that is so cute so if you feel
like you're not getting you're not gonna
wear a shirt is really cute really cute
you can even wear with a skirt I like it
it's not my favorite it looks a little
loose at pump okay guys I like this one
oh it did a good job it's pretty one I'm
gonna get might be a little short though
just keep do you think I mean my
fingertips seem it's all appropriate
look at that what are we doing remaining
are we playing a weighty we were eating
we're waiting we're waiting game is
really cute this is one of those that I
would never wear cause I don't hire hey
I like this though it's really cute
though that's like yeah my turn there's
too much stuff here okay that one's from
my mom cheap hair don't care
that's a me one that's a Kourtney one
this is a neo one what's amazing
I love you more than just so this over
the top of it I don't know and I
understand but what is it look at that
one nameste in bed now I'm saying I like
this one arrows he has asked I'd rather
be a mermaid from all done my braid is
officially demolished
I'm not going to get and then I've got
six things in there that I really really
liked three of them I'm interesting
genius look of them I guess I might
beginning I don't know okay these are
the ones that I really like
mommy madness has moved on we're at
maurices now and look at this door I
love it I helped open this store when it
first came to Rockwall and I remember it
just had clear doors and now they have
like these gorgeous little doors are so
cute
that reminds me Symphony asked me how to
say turquoise in Spanish yesterday and I
forgot to look it up for her I'm gonna
look that up and tell her when your kids
ask you questions and you don't know the
answer to it you shouldn't you should
never leave them with I don't know
you should always find an answer if you
can and luckily we have Google these
days I don't know what people did back
in the day turquoise in Spanish let's
see how you say it I'm sure some of you
are telling me right now another side
turquoise stuff the quiz set that's what
it looks like I mean was
oh maybe that doesn't hurt my speaker
hasn't working on my phone
took cuesta am I saying that right okay
here we go I know I saw that chandelier
okay we totally hit the jackpot here
our dresses every person up 75 person
that means everything's like under $10
and some stuffs under seven it just is
like I think our dressing rooms are like
popping oh it's cute but I don't like
the size of it though the black side
yeah totally what are you doing what do
you do this is one of my outfits I have
it clears out fit this whole entire
outfit is less than like $15 I like it I
think it's cute but I don't know about
this skirt I'm just I'm just not too
sure if it's a little too tight for my
comfort zone or what I don't know how
this maxi dress on now and I'm so
annoyed I love it but it's just a little
bit too big I think like carrying the
kids around and stuff I just don't think
that it would be a smart option
Topa hair when you're carrying kids and
it's a little long to like looks like
you can't even really see my feet it's
just like no feet where you at Hey oh my
gosh outfit of the day like I love this
ad is gonna like crack up this is so
secant adorable like it totally looks
like I don't know it just what it looks
like me I'm home now guys daddy's awake
he's in there working on something and
the kids are playing Abram was so happy
to see me when I got home we had a
really good day today just being out and
carefree just kind of doing our own
thing so as you guys know we are going
to VidCon at the end of this week we're
sharing a room or we're sharing like a
rent house with J house vlogs and so
there's a master bedroom and then
there's also like a guest bedroom which
is really funny because we're both
married couples and one of the rooms
comes with two twin beds and
this big nice pretty bit so we thought
the fair way to do it was to have some
kind of like a contest for whoever gets
to stay in the master bedroom so we're
going to be doing a laugh off with them
and you guys get to pick the winners of
the lap off we're gonna do the silly is
last we possibly can and you guys head
on over to Twitter and let us know who
the winner is it could be me Symphony
Sam Abram or any member of their family
she's making Glitzi globes from her
birthday party awesome while we wait for
that glitter to break up can you give me
your silliest biggest craziest laugh
ever well I can't see you don't jump
doctor silliness crazy love ever all
right everyone's gonna vote Abram give
me your silliest crazy laugh ever that's
a good one buddy
maybe I'll do another one let me think
the most idiotic laugh in the world here
we go guys everybody ready you say so I
think that was the winner right there I
thought I was lacking myself okay let me
try that okay so my laughs here it goes
guys everybody ready for this Dona
Jemmy all right I'll see you guys later
love you guys love you too
don't forget we love you and remember to
watch my little video
