good morning guys we are getting ready
for church and as usual I feel like I'm
running late and rushed Tiffany was like
mommy I'm gonna do neighborhood shoes
and socks Pam and I'll get my shoes on
and it's time to walk out the door no
one has shoes on I'm like everyone shoes
on and this is a really old dress I'm
wearing this lace dress it's lace all
the way down I got it at maurices when I
was working there in college so I've had
it for about like four No yeah maybe
four or five years have anyways it still
fits me it's just a little tighter in
certain spots than it was when I was in
college and so it's weird I always feel
kind of like I feel awkward it so I put
my little denim vest with it I think
that really perked up and made it look
you know normal so anyways heading to
church now it's our first time to be in
service after the launch every troppo
I'm really excited you excited I don't
think so we need to get that going
you
we're home now church was really good
Tiffany did you have fun in class you
guys were loud I can hear you in the
service what we all do and I'm sweaty
she's hot they've been screaming and
screaming what were they screaming about
just about people Barney my friend big
boy
what was your lesson about it I'll do
anything with fish
yes but every comment would be a Fisher
of men
good job a medication you're right
percent of fishermen fishing for men
bring them closer to the kangaroo
climbing back yep our sermon was really
good you guys got a little snippet of
that it was so good oh my goodness
like at the end as always like this one
thing that just like drives at home I
feel like today his whole message was
like that whole thing that was driving
it all home it was so just like wow it
was really good it made me feel like you
know listening to him even though like I
know these things I grew up in a private
school and in a Christian home and I've
heard all these things he was talking
about today he was talking about all the
different omni's omniscient omnipotent
on your present all those and I learned
those in school and it's just not
something you think about all the time
like I know yes God is everywhere and
God knows everything but just the way he
was putting into it was just like it was
just so good just like out right now in
this blog those of you who are watching
you might not realize it but God is
revealing himself to you through our
words and through those words and the
worship that you guys got a little
snippet of this morning just those
little things that happen in our life is
just like God revealing himself to you
guys I mean I just think about how like
people go on mission trips and a big
part of teh sermon was how can we serve
locally and within our community and
just different things like that and I
just feel like honored I guess or
grateful that you guys are watching this
hey you want your Jews
we go huh yeah you want to get down you
want a vlog yeah you just went down Oh
crane let me get you
dinky Oh what Olaf why do you only want
plenty phones were all off bubs
your couch you know this Olaf couch
why so cute
Abram let's show the viewers Abram while
ago I was singing the song and he
finished the line for me Abram what are
we gonna do I am vlogging mommy what
Harry gana she hope you didn't do it
hey Symphony open up this box of puzzles
from Sam and I this is a perfect day for
her to open it cuz it's Sam's first day
back at work oh you like the box oh you
come here you can look at it and usually
on sale oh my gosh Hyuna this is the
perfect gift for her to open today
because Sam goes back to work and
usually on this evening we're kind of
just like getting back in the swing of
things of him being gone not here
hanging out with us or going places
everyone play games and do our match
juice and so now I have all these new
puzzles to build do you think we'll
build every single puzzle tonight oh you
do there's six of them we already made
one
you guys I hear this noise and look what
I found are you yeah no that's okay you
can't do it like that sweetie hey
everybody why are you in mama shoes oh I
put them on this morning for church and
you can't between he was like shoo shoo
he served like snatching up my shoe like
buddy you got around a church didn't so
no he's gonna play in him for it's time
for Sammy to go to work blah not ready
for it we're gonna have some outside
time we got this little
over here and I'm going to empty it out
to get back to the neighbor Sam I need
your help I can't empty it can you gonna
help me empty the yeah because I gotta
take it back
need those muscles thank you oh I'm
gonna help daddy go help him push it
what a big puddle go get in the water
did you think your dad hey get in the
surface get in the surface okay
Oh cute
what's up baby
you take me to work Tiger just chill oh
oh we go jog I'm just gonna sleep here
Oh Symphony is she's practicing breaking
she said she's doing good jobs like so
cute in her little dress with her their
bike I love it I thought I would get a
little time lapse of Symphony riding her
bike around the yard since this is like
a little milestone in her life just so
we have it to look back on her first
days riding around the yard and the
driveway the circle driving her bike so
here goes nothing actually wait I take
that back here goes everything because
watching your kids ride their bike is
one of the small things that means
everything this world
Oh
we
it's nearly been me the babes are
running around with their crazy sleeping
attitudes like I've got some laundry to
fold down they're so funny I was just
watching it's Judy's life and she throws
her laundry on the floor for the girls
to go put away or whatever and I guess
some some people were giving her like
flak in the comments like I start either
not like I always throw my laundry on
the floor when I fold it in this room or
I'll put it on our bed in that room I'm
just like I mean the floors not that
dirty it's not like there's no I joined
it's funny it's not like it's sitting
there I'm rubbing it around so just you
know toss it down Mike you're gonna read
that with a really nice well baby oh yes
you can tell me something
ah Jeff can't bring his boom box to the
buoy yeah I know
symphonie gets to go swimming at Nana's
tomorrow and sandy and Nia are having a
little kid free shopping day oh my gosh
I know we're not really going like
hardcore shopping I had gotten some
stuff from a boutique like about a month
ago and almost like none of it fit me I
did like an unboxing I was gonna do a
little fashion show from Mia's nest and
it was just like none of it was
flattering on me at all
so I'm gonna go and exchange that and
there's no way I can actually I try on
the stuff with especially at a prom in
the store so we're gonna go have some
mommy time how am I going to go to Hobby
Lobby I don't know whatever the view and
you what are you doing with my girls in
Ariel and seashell
it's gonna be awesome and look at right
there if you think about it there's
beauty and they're good flowers right
here beautiful so this is your gift to
open for tomorrow right yeah awesome
those of you who watched the day of her
party I'm back on track with my role of
one present per day we just got a little
carried away that day she still has
quite a few she's got like these two
right here and then had a few in this
little bag right here
oh yeah you want to go you know what you
should put her on the counter let me
wash her cuz she's running let me see
his shell dirty yeah oh yeah gross
Tinkerbell what if you enjoy anyway yeah
what you're a Kona night where'd you put
our book bubby let's go see oh yeah here
it's in here sweetie he's ready and guys
later this week we are going to VidCon
we leave on Thursday what a minute climb
VidCon is like a YouTube member I told
you mommy and daddy we're going to a
little convention for you to yeah that's
what it's called VidCon November Nana's
coming here oh yeah we are leaving
Thursday and we will be back early
earlier early on Sunday so we'll be gone
for two full days and then little
snippets of the other days but it's
gonna be really cool we're rooming with
J house vlogs and I was just texting
kyndra earlier about tomorrow don't
forget don't forget me will you and
remember to go supplamine and get
goggles on for
when you
but they missed
he shouts
