good morning birthday girl yes we're
getting ready to decorate her cake
here's how it turned out it was really
difficult cooking that because it's
still thick and whatever it took a while
I was like oh my gosh what are we doing
like two hours so the symphony you need
to get her shoes on her skirt off she's
kind of dressed up I'll buy myself Wow
it looks good the cakes like the cake on
Exile a bear down really good its moist
here we go Hey
all right % they start looking we'll let
you know if you're hotter cold cold cold
cold cold
Wow yeah here's our flowers for the
dress thank you
cold really home risk a little warm warm
cold cold warm cold cold cold freezing
me for warmth a little bit cold that way
no that's a little cold
can I get you a to come good yeah
what where was the last time you said
you were kind of hot
hard getting harder harder harder harder
you're oh you're getting so oh no open
any doors to get to it
keep stepping forward keep sidebar so
hot babe Oh hot hot hot what do that
mean you're almost there but you punk up
in my way you're hot getting really hot
you're so hot you're on fire oh I knew
by that's right by with me oh yeah go
get it is that the one you wanted good
see what you got Stephanie no pop
wheelie okay just take it slow up first
there you go I know I'm kidding you as
fast as you want
come on everyone's getting into troffer
she would yeah this is bigger fine
that's exactly why uh here I'll give you
a little hand there push you gotta push
it you get a really push okay did you
see the front of the basket yeah
oh the princesses do you like it did you
ring your bell
try ringing your bell just like that
yeah there you go yeah just twist it oh
the other one I could take them when
this is his bike this is birthday bike
oh do you like to see you guys I just I
don't know if there's like many greater
Joy's than watching your kids like on
their birthdays and Christmas morning
just the joy that radiates from them
it's just so special Symphony is so
adorable she's so concerned about
getting her bike dirty already you like
that bike well he's too little
Abram do you like that bike hey you two
you want a 2 2 bike okay little man okay
it's ten first to decorate this cake
mommy is a little bit nervous about it
because I'm not like the cake decorator
and little Missy over here is having a
hard time keeping her hands off of
everything and I'm afraid it's gonna
break apart it's not it can shake cake
it's your it fall apart you have to be
ready yeah see it's already gonna be
weird for me
it's all right now
Oh
looking good guys looking real good I
say good I mean like delicious good kind
of about it
no you need a way until my birthday
today's your birthday yeah so you need
it well only a my birthday your birthday
party cake made in one piece hey our
treasure box we have our shipping
where's your sita i underneath your name
if you can find your name your seats
right in front of that
why are we so you know just we're back
here right here you'll give your names
behind a people is much softer stone
you're said nothing bad enough should
happen here
Oh care to hear again basically talk to
yourself and say how are y'all pretty
much gonna watch us tomorrow
exactly I hope future me looks better
than future turned me to be smarter
faster stronger let's see what you look
like with other glasses oh yeah I used
to wear contacts but like only my eyes
dry out so fast
things that uh it's so easier than us
all right this is Daniel he's one of our
viewers I invited them it's down here in
Dallas
hi Jeff hey Justin hey girl okay dirty
politics what's in the tea pot lemonade
raspberry tea okay you again you want
some lemonade buddy let's get your table
careful buddy
look there's a straw take a drink look
oh crap one do you want a straw baby
who'da Scott think is at the Tea Party
Sydney's Abram invited to tea party yes
okay just one make sure raspberry tea
yeah
what do you give we're gonna decorate
treasure boxes down with watercolors
fine
who looks cuter there we go
Jeremy Daniel singing burrows after me
so we get somewhere every when they're
doing their arts or graphic here how's
it going are y'all having fun there's my
beautiful uh me in the game of course we
kiddos are good so good to Sonny's we
really market yeah yeah
what's up after we play Candyland
I'll go Matthew there's Nana hi b-bone
pop over here guys can y'all help me
count
get it on the actual composition your
open presents in Sochi Globes that's the
first one she opened what she asked for
is that what you wanted symphony video
okay we'll do that be like you know me
she's gorgeous she laughter we need a
there's a button that and the back a
present and she pops her wings
love that fly Superman Rachel open it
battery's about the bottom Gary okay
real fast you want a picture out of so
rich luxury it's a kid once you just
have to follow the lines
oh yeah that's all Nia in the needle the
needles pepper it's all Tom Cruise
outreach
you don't have to throw awesome
they can open your eyes in the water
without them hurting Oh Barbie RV told
you sir mom you gotta win in home and
then bring everyone in a bar anymore I
don't have a car oh you're so welcome
you got one more man man no not Barbie
American can of there's a girl doll bed
yeah but there's another one too
somewhere you like even that everything
do you like it I'm gonna sleep in this
for me and people we should out
everyone simply give us a birthday recap
where does it glue to go up you make
your own like snow globes
yeah hey now you flip the lid over your
book lid over how'd you enjoy your
birthday party baby did you love it
was it everything you dreamed about hi
what can I tell you something of course
that was all I wish for on my candle oh
just what what my dream came true
because I got all the threads and stetic
wished for
oh good sweetie when do you there's her
presence she made a goal is that the one
you want
oh they're that small I didn't know that
small and then she can make a big one
too and then they said look very cute
she can make one to make one big one she
can
and for the Mari Wow the kidded me she
made on snow blow how do you think it
went
I think I went really good I felt like
it was pretty relaxed for me because I
had a plan and how to schedule I knew
that it was gonna be about 10 to 15
minutes per activity and we pretty much
stuck to that and I think other than the
fact that it was a little bit crowded in
there I think you look good what do you
think oh yeah funky is overcrowded I
thought it would you though you didn't
leave them oh well guys it has been such
an awesome day it's finally coming to an
end and I am just like whew I'm tired
tomorrow we're going to church and it's
our first official service to be in
since the launch at reach rock wall and
I am so so so thrilled and looking
forward to it I cannot wait to get there
so stay tuned for that I think you guys
are really gonna love the look that's in
there it's gorgeous from what I can see
in the pictures and videos I've seen and
I just really can't wait to experience
it in person and don't forget guys we
love you and remember to love each other
see y'all tomorrow bye
but then this
