good morning guys how are y'all doing
good morning guys how are y'all doing
today me and Tiffany are getting her
birthday decorations ready I just
printed this banner from Etsy it's like
a princess Tinkerbell
fairy theme and it says happy birthday
Symphony and we are getting ready to
string the triangles together I'll do
the first boy there we go you're gonna
take this this one and put it through
that one why
oh no this won't do that one all right
okay now what we're gonna do is grab the
next letter mm-hmm I'm gonna pull that
feels like
then pull go up through that one go up
through this one and then through that
one fool jack mm-hmm put our banner
mm-hmm and then slide it over mommy help
with this part there's the finished
product
happy birthday Stephanie oh no uh-oh
someone's leg stuck those chunky little
chalk
no no no okay okay that's it just like
this you cannot turn around yes ma'am
okay look look look we're getting some
letters painted for another banner for
symphonies birthday party neighbors are
here hey guys you guys have been busy
lately huh senior and so long they're
having a garage sale next door what to
go and check that out after we're done
painting I thought while I'm
spray-painting the kids could paint
their initials and I'm going to be
spray-painting bye Wow bubby good job
what letters did you get buddy what
letter is this
good job what letter is this one hi hey
good job what is that did you draw that
for juju yes we have to send Andrew his
birth certificate it's been here for a
while and he needs it for some stuff so
the kids decorated the envelope
Stephanie wanted to make him a car too
core assistant with all that and so a
little mark got on the birth certificate
I'm kind of nervous about it see oops
your Symphony's card we traced their
hands for him oh but it's so sad though
because this is the first time Abram
just like doesn't really understand he's
kind of walking around the house I'm
looking for him he's a Jew Jew he's
really whining about it what sound
matter oh but it's so sad though because
this is the first time Abram just like
doesn't really understand he's kind of
walking around the house looking for him
you sing Jew Jew he's really whining
about it go time guys I'm here to
decorate him so so it's thinking excited
I had to stop at the dollar store get
texts to hang up like at the banners and
stuff and I found ten matching little
bitty butterfly pink and white and
turquoise tea cups I was having to like
mix up stuff that my mom had and that I
was given as a kid and stuff that I
don't know just like garage sell stuff
that I had found you know with all these
different patterns and stuff which is
okay I was totally cool with that
because they were cute but I found me
and they won't match and it's not a
whole set but whatever it's gonna work
and it's ooh so cute I'm excited so now
I just got to get all this stuff in the
building okay so we're gonna get started
pushing these two tables together
tablecloth I got my decoration table
here coming together a really cute guy
the table is pretty much all set up
tomorrow I just have to get the sugar
cubes out
I'm going to have sugar cubes on the
table and they're going to do a little
activity out of it here's the table
really cute bumping into stuff we're
going to have like a little activity
station here with arts and crafts all
right now I'm just opening up all the
stickers for their little treasure chest
they're going to be painting treasure
chests you know like Tinkerbell on the
lost treasure or whatever they have I'm
getting all these stickers that tomorrow
how much trash floating around all right
so I am done for the day
I think I need to hang a couple of
things but I didn't have strings and to
bring my twine and I didn't do it so I
have a list of that a few fresh flowers
and I think that was it let me look at
my list oh yeah string and fresh flowers
not good so my mom's coming in the
morning with like it older T said that
belonged to somebody as a baby or me
you're not really exactly sure but it's
being passed down to Symphony and so I'm
going to use those as centerpieces for
the other tables like where the adults
are going to sit and have water in them
and put like little fresh flowers in
them so I was thinking right now I would
just run to Walmart grab the flush fresh
flowers and a like birthday balloon for
Symphony's chair or some actually I
don't think I wanted let's have a BAM
I'm gonna build a pull-up yeah can you
go get it for me can go get it go down
this no maybe you gotta go down the
stairs right here
good day everyone hey Mikey what's up
bro you gotta see Abram right now
butt-naked Michael oh no I got offered
is he doing
Mikey you gonna sleep I lost oh I
thought I lost you
you gotta sleep
I got it froze with your eyes closed
look like you fell asleep yeah so much
been looking at houses and how I house
like I'm like looking for like a
two-story house on the beach or what do
they tell you not such a bummer that
Michaels making it permanent that is
moving in Hawaii that means it's
probably never live with each other yeah
that's what it sounds like to me that's
pretty cool I'm about to go on another
Bridal shoot guys and I'm trying to get
excited about it it's supposed to be my
creative outlet and this doesn't feel
that way yeah I guess I fell sometimes
it is over I was afraid this would
happen when I start making money when I
started making money on photography
that's just how it works you know when
you start making money at what you love
it's not always you know fun and games
hey man can you be understanding we need
mommy all right guys we made it we're at
the Walley world yeah on something I
want to get this for Abram I know we're
shopping for symphony but he went in
love this guy you're looking at Mickey
Mouse for Abram here there it is
hey moe so one thing you guys heard
Symphony mentioned was that she wanted a
Barbie car and my mom said that she got
her a Barbie car and my mom and Sharon
also got her a doll bed for her American
doll with a Barbie scooter really
No looks like we don't have room for
that I don't think she's gonna ride herd
all around
she definitely worth American Girl we
could get her a new outfit for her
American doll she is really in groups
like these random things right now just
random oh she loves these can you guys
believe we're shopping for her at the
last minute this is literally the night
before her birthday party the reason is
because we haven't been able to go
together and we wanted to do it together
she loves me she loves ponies free pony
we're mainly here to get her a bike
because that's what she's getting for
everything that's the main present but
while we're here trying to find a few
little things by the way my shoot was
pretty good it realized it was a shoot
that was free of charge until last
minute it's all done with the shooter
and it's very heady for the shoe slay
actually I got it free because my son
the agreement for the wedding you had a
deal out that said three bridles when
you and you uh book your wedding with me
that was like last year she booked it
last year I just have forgot but no big
deal I got some pretty amazing photos so
I'm really excited about the photos
anyway back to Symphony's birthday
presents this is cool it's like a little
suitcase and you open it up and it's
Sophia in her library and little things
right I found a perfect present for you
guys Tinkerbell goggles
you know because you just learned how to
put her head underneath the water just
be perfect for this you just talk about
whether or not she should be opening
your eyes see
it sometimes we come and look at them
one regressor shopping because she's
kind of told me what what she would want
these are still a little bit big for her
this is her size down there I like this
one kitty she originally she used to
want this one has a little dot finger
anyway looks much more then we came we
saw one that had a basket on it we know
what it was this is cute like it has a
catch for your baby doll
Oh perfect that is adorable
let's get her that one and put her a new
doll in there she doesn't know she just
answered her own question did this hit
your dope you know he hit you on action
that's too small
really how did you get that out look at
this one this looks like her so okay
you're right this is pretty small the
door one and a disney princess one it
has a heart-shaped basket I like the
best
yeah bet Endora has a Hello Kitty this
one's cooler that's a cooler style yeah
it is a cooler style that's would like
to camp over at this point we're picking
on a bike for Symphony I mean this could
have happened a long time ago but we
still never done this before
somebody had to buy for a little girl so
which one Sam thinks the whole Calum I
know I just know that when I come with
Symphony she always points out the
princess he won
ah
one we got one score unless daddy raised
it before we get home we go I can vote
for myself
ha ha ha Oh Stan forgot breaker
we left our basket oh my gosh that's a
wrap guys
we are headed home to wrap up all the
stuff for our little fairy princess and
finish up some crafts I got a and what
else
we love them they remind them to love
each other make sure you come back
tomorrow for symphonies birthday party
it's giving so much fun we're gonna have
a blast I'm so so so so so excited about
it
you can't make it
