what are you doing in there
Cameron's hiding stuff in the laundry
area everyone say good morning you see
please are we gonna go to the pool today
yeah you don't want to go in the water
you want to go in the water today
exercise time the kids are doing the
twist you guys are doing so good
get ready for tomorrow swimming I mean
family day wait
I passed my next lesson you pass through
swim class did a good job now what we
need to practice at home in the bathtub
is floating on your back and putting
your face in the water
hi are you doing kid you sleep on the
floor again why you like it better than
your bed will you awake when I came in
or you just wake up
Wow sometimes when I wake up on kind of
eight and he keeps doing this what's up
y'all help supper but do it up in the
house Oh what that's how this hat makes
me feel well we're headed out of the
house I'm looking for my shoes they're
already out in the car I just need to
get out house we don't even know where
we're going
don't even know where we're going I
think we're gonna go eat somewhere but I
got to get out of the house I've been
cooped up in the house for the past
three days when I'm sick I feel like I'm
dying
my guys are sick man it's just it's bad
we're big babies you know I guess though
speak for myself though
I'm a big baby you know my mom was
telling me my dad is kind of like that
and she was telling me the other day
that he he felt like he got sick from
Symphony cuz they were over when she
first threw up and she was like and you
know him he's milking it for all it's
worth
it's just so funny I did I milked it for
three days I was probably really sick
for one day the second day I was for me
just one day that's it second day she
did so good getting over it haha it's
okay tough girl
I always know okay
abilities for the next week or so anyway
honey where we going um we're gonna be
getting a couple of things for
Symphony's birthday party I'm working on
a frugal Tea Party I don't want to go
all out like I did last year with the
doc McStuffins party and like you guys
know I've already said it a hundred
times I feel like it's already gotten
like bigger and I've spent more than I
wanted to already but I do want to have
activities for the kids so I need to get
like shoes oh good and then we're gonna
get a pair of Crocs for Abram because he
has no shoes for the summertime he's
moved up the shoe size and none of his
shoes have any screams and he's always
barefoot and I want to be able to like
go places with him and we're gonna go
get some food sorry I'm getting your
seat little buddy well simply you picked
our dinner where we going to bed let's
do a big dinner today
yes know how Taco Bell has all these
little stains on their sofas you've got
this I missed you I always have a side
you have had to side here for years for
Taco Bell's hot sauce to put one on
there that says squeeze the ones you
love because they have no double meaning
squeeze one you love and there's no
hugging people that you love and for the
first time I saw one of the hot sauce
packets that say squeeze on it this one
says I'm your main squeeze I'll just
think about telling you guys about it
and I saw this one I'm your main squeeze
you see dang
how do you guys think we did talk a
little attention so they put my saying
over under packing can you guys help us
retweet it I'm gonna tweet it to Taco
Bell if you guys are on our Twitter
retweet it and try to talk with those
attention I think he's so cool they used
our saying
man that rice and beans has made this
got crazy donor donut the coop we got
guys a new Captain Crunch delights are
they basically like the cinema bonds
Captain Crunch crumbs on them take a
bite
let me hold it let me hold it open I'm
gonna hold it yeah it's hot do you like
them oh you got the Cinnabon one this is
why I simply wanted to come here for
these this is why you want to come home
you've got mommy daddy
again that's got some shoes is what
we're gonna do
yeah maybe I know we just got shoes
yesterday but we're actually getting him
some flip-flops new couldn't find
anything in size of them all so
Crockford is macaques fun cuz these have
grown out all sandals feet right now
they're size 6 7 I feel like I need a
size 7 8 oh it looks like there's a lot
of room in those same tight trade-up
going on tight shoes they just don't
match any of his clothes so so far it's
between two shoes I've got these little
blue on blue I really like these with
the blue and the white but Abram just
wore them in the store for like 5
minutes and they're already a little
dirty on top so I don't know about that
but like how cute I was thinking because
he really likes the Olaf shoes and it's
a little cheaper to get a plain one
without a character on it I have these
for one shoe and I like them because he
wears a lot of blue and red and then I
Mickey Mouse he wears green too and then
there's orange and making shoes even
though it's kind of yellow but it just
kind of fits with all the clothes he
wears
bring this exalted shopper
you like being a shopper you got mommy's
jeans or daddy jeans I think mommy's he
definitely has mommy's jeans it's been
over 10 years and I just watched them go
from like this this style to this out of
the south and it's so fun every time I
go show me to see him get into a new
style of clothing like today he got
quite a few things for this summer and
he totally what would like this beach
bum style I don't know about bum it's
like he's wearing bum looking clothes
but like someone who would like
literally spend all his time on the
beach like cut offshore it's really
bright t-shirts and stuff like that I
just think it's so cute watching him go
through all his different styles so guys
since I pin in our house blue I guess I
inspired to other people in our
neighborhood to paint their house and
not only just paint it but the paint it
blue so those two houses across from
each other over here that just recently
painted their house here's one over here
they painted their brick blue on the
bottom and they're trim blue way
brighter blue than we chose and I think
though I think white was new to and this
house over here that pain is a siding
blue stuff that's already blue but they
repainted it it's not that we know that
I can inspire my
you know what I mean you guys know what
I mean Oh Oh dirty what are you guys
about to do we're about to tie-dye a
towel
tie-dye towel for me for all of us
that's it for me for Hollis all of us
okay yeah yeah we are gonna bring it to
the pool tomorrow I don't know if we can
bring it tomorrow it may not be ready it
has to sit for six to eight hours and I
think you have to wash it
oh really yeah I probably put it on like
Brooke dial over me probably gotta wash
it by itself - don't watch it my new
clothes okay well guys we're done today
we're gonna recorded this of symphony
and mommy during the tie-dye towel
tomorrow I get to go to family time for
swimming lessons I'm excited about that
right zippy you're gonna go down a slide
with me aren't you you're not ready to
the deep like in the ocean you land on
your feet I thought you were gonna go
down with the noodle okay never mind
she's not going to go down with a perm
it's fine all right guys well don't
forget we love you every member and
remember to tie the eyes and to love
each other tomorrow thanks for hanging
out with us today
