good morning guys I've kind of lost my
voice a little bit and the kids are
making sock puppets this morning I'm
letting them use my permanent markers
put the cardboard under it to color some
little sock puppet symphony saw one
yesterday on a commercial or something
no I'm the office in the office that's
right Oh what are you trying to do cutie
this is one of Abraham's old socks and
got in the mud whoa
this is Abraham's little sock puppet
hair face in a bow tie that's courtesy
of mommy right there
you're gonna color his pants whoa cool
buddy Oh
Symphony what are you putting on your
little I'm making her dressy wow that's
so cute
good job you liked it but you're
supposed to put your thumb out and talk
it's kind of hard
you'll get there you put it out like
this like it make a little V shape out
of it and you just let me see yeah yeah
it's kind of talking with his eyes we
should have put his eyes up here
oh is that what the puppy said they
stick their tongue out and pant as you
see daddy got creative with the baby
hey broom what's the cow say look at
your pictures I don't think it follows
it to jewelry all correctly because I
have this Punk so I'm watching this
YouTube video trying to learn how to do
this side French braid I kind of did it
and let me just say I learned how to
actually French braid I realize what
I've been doing wrong all this time and
I feel like I could practicing I could
get it which is this weird how many
years and that is what I ended up with
so I think if I just like bobby pin it
you know down I could kind of work with
it I just wanted like a cute summer look
for the pool today what is my crazy baby
doing standing on the table you given
everyone a show
hey Brum did you go poopoo yes you did
say yes you're gonna fall buddy Tuffy
you're like a little fishy out there you
did a good job you two symphony would
you bet review - baby that's how you go
underwater you know good okay IRA I'm
just going in without me he's like I got
this teach I got it time to finally pull
like mom I'm going in I'm going in
good job Abram you got it look at that
look how fast he's going cute look at
that look at you go he's so fast look at
you
good job Abram the job we're at the mall
you guys my voice is like progressively
getting worse I have some shoes to
exchange for Abram we are at Tony's
which is where we used to come a lot
more in high school
we made it you could trip that on there
honey so we can get you some shoes let's
measure that little bitty foot measuring
that about a day with you really not a
six we ordered these awesome shoes that
you can machine wash which is perfect
for summertime fall term and kid who
loves to be outside every puddle
possible and I ordered a sit because
that's what size he was in when we
ordered it which was about like a month
ago I know he's had a seven oh my gosh
you guys totally missed the first
reaction I showed him these Olaf shoes
he was so cute he went oh oh you're so
cute there's a size seven beautiful oh
my gosh Abram you are the cutest little
thing and you're sweatin look at this
baby you're so cute oh my gosh she loves
those those are awesome buddy buddy
I already go to sleep
but
cameras out everybody hi laughs Abram
fell asleep of the chicken nugget in his
mouth oh my goodness
um
so tired and this for me
you want to go Sammy
he's got that Mormonism
okay so now Abram already stuff someone
is mouth and look good afternoon
everybody how you guys doing
I missed you guys yesterday I missed you
and you and I'm out here with the kids
we just filmed an advertisement for some
stride right shoes so much fun legs
these guys I'm gonna give you guys some
of the footage in the vlog today hey get
away from me and that's why I'm all wet
because they keep shooting me while I'm
filming here look at worm Abram oh yeah
alive yeah it's alive whoa that's a long
worm isn't it yeah you see the worm
Abram look the worm oh say get out of
here where that one I'm just washing him
away into the dirt
he's okay he's right there he's going
back in the dirt see him going back home
let's go home little worm
okay
he's sitting on the beanbag hey Bruns
facetiming dude you Andrew so you got
recognized today by a vlogger I mean a
viewer Wow oh that is so funny that is
so funny I love you you can see you took
the phone over here and set it up so
that he could sit down and see Andrew oh
I'm so cute what he's playing with Avery
it's so cute the cups were stunned that
Cubs were shocked those TV watching
bears were around I'm sleeping on the
floor today yeah she's getting a pallet
are you gonna get in your bed in the
middle of the night
because what because they don't have
maybe she wears your sheets I was
supposed to go get new ones today and I
forgot well we just ran out of time
Sadie had to go home and I just didn't
go get new ones I throw away symfony
sheet this morning because it's just one
of those she's had since a newborn I was
like I'll stop and get new ones today
and it just never happened so why should
put it away it just like looked over and
just looked like one of those who just
much as you clean it it looked old oh
yes just kindly something she was so
excited to learn and let them do my door
oh yeah
are you cold or some sleeping bag well
good night I love you well have fun
going to bed
but they missed
shout
