good morning guys it's sensory time for
Abram he's playing with some ice cubes
and a little bit of cool water down here
and his little scoop is this fun Abram
we're are we here saying barbecue
presumably ice cubes I was under the ice
cute Isis BBQ thank you so I called in
sick tonight guys I got one he and
Tiffany got theirs around Korea just
like it hit me I was just like oh man
here comes I had a low-grade fever and I
just have body aches so am I going to
work tonight
good morning everyone how are y'all
doing me and my little manner out here
just having a little quiet time he's
more having noisy time than quiet time
but I've got his little Bible out here
and I've been reading mine today I'm
reading from Philippians and also
Matthew I'm doing two different studies
but right now I'm doing this devotional
and it's focusing around Matthew 28
talking about going out making disciples
in all the world it is so good I'll have
to share more with you later this guy
just drove up to mow her lawn versus a
ham so hold on CC Symphony do you see
her baby Abram you're not gonna get to
her quicker if you rip the lines off
let's open the door come here come on
he is so silly doesn't he look cute
today
he wanted to wear to jail given
everything symphonies gonna think he
looks cute she doesn't seen him in a bib
in a while
oh did you have fun at Nana's hmm mommy
missed you
guess what symphony when daddy came home
sick today that's bad
he got what we had Oh No the shenanigans
have started she hasn't even been home
for 20 minutes and they're already okay
okay crazy get her panties out of your
mouth a gentle gentle Germany I think
he's done you're hurting his tummy baby
good job his shirt keeps licking him
okay everyone ready for swim class yeah
like pre-k boot camp over here
coach hasn't working out big time they
have to have a different teacher today
and he's really really good we had him a
couple of years ago he's really thorough
and he knows how to work on and make
them feel like they're being challenged
and that they can really do it he
doesn't take no for an answer do you
remember him sandy Sandy's been sick -
you guys cup and say indeed they've been
sick - with the same thing that we have
just a full-blown day of just like
throwing up and nausea and it is like oh
it's like relentless gasps Stephanie go
okay you got this baby listen to coach
blow your bubble
all right baby keep going you got it
keep going come on Hil you can't go
engine you want Symphony hey Abram are
you ready to go in the water and wash
your tummy let me see your tummy he
spilled juice all down his shirt and
it's stained his entire tummy cray cray
sandy took symphony home
today from bringing company home maybe
he's really sick we're all just messing
around this bug is cray-cray poor things
Abram was a to today he didn't want to
cooperate he was just like no let me
listen Eli kick your feet a let me just
lay there and now I kick his feet he did
a little bit but he blew his bubbles and
stuff hey we're done we're done we're
done now he wants to keep going hey no
no Bobby we're all done
hey bro it's time for us to check out Bo
box we have a few from you guys this
one's really cute the kids are done here
drawing
we're mailing juju a package we love you
call his shoes hey Lee how you know that
one's the same any of it look on this
side this side says Symphony Abram you
got one too what's going home with us
come on we gotta get out of everyone's
way we just have so much stuff keep
going this way little monkey you would
like trying to climb the door you crazy
little baby okay hold on buddy oh there
we go
whoo we are back now from our errands
it's been kind of a long morning with
sort of lessons and everything and now
it's time for our nap let me see whoa
you guys go in the comments below and
beg Sam to hang that shelf up for me
yeah this is Abraham's bookshelf over
here I know you guys probably wondering
what is that weird thing we've been
sitting there it's for his books and
it's gonna go up in this corner behind
me but Sam has just been busy you know
he's sick so hopefully you're okay
you're not sick anymore
just lay down
goodnight I love you
our yard looks beautiful Sam had
everything taken care of today did you
guys know that worms had five hearts
Symphony just asked me how many hearts a
worm has and I had no clue so I googled
it and they have five hearts that's
crazy there's so much smaller than us
and they have so many more hearts than
we do
a cool head takes heart why would that
be so cool because like what one day I
lost a heart you would just have another
one we're headed to the grocery store to
get yet again some soup for sick daddy I
went to the store got soup the other day
for symphony we reused it when I was
sick and now I'm going to be getting
some for Sam Sam is not like a soup
lover so I'm going to be making tortilla
soup from for him I know that he likes
that and it sounds really good the
recipe I found does that sound good
symphony tortilla soup like at Abraham
look how he's writing Abram can you say
hi everyone hi everyone you are a cranky
little boy today so he gets to sit like
this so I can make it through the
grocery trip Symphony just enjoyed this
yummy mango stop why are you being such
a crank you're getting to sit like a
crazy monkey
those aren't pickles oh those are
pickles yeah you're right what is it
about this day that are making my kids
especially this guy go crazy gosh he is
like either really happy amount or
really fussy and loud and I'm like whoa
that was an exhausting trip but the
second we got back in the car Symphony
has a word of the day it come
Wisco huh before her let's go to beat
detract what word is it it it means
let's go so we can be the truck these
are most of the ingredients for the
tortilla soup I'm making favor I'm look
look right here say he'll you're gonna
sit on the milk really you really are
the silliest boy ever did can you put it
away from me this is the finished
product it's kind of annoying that one
fell over it was all pretty in a row
right here but doesn't that look
delicious
I'm so proud of it I can't wait to serve
it to Sam all right it's time for
Symphony to wind down and she's decided
to do a dance for us ready ready
kotaki but I like it wonderful let's
tell them goodbye for the day
goodbye and don't forget we will keep
remember to put your chin to ballet you
heard it from the best starting little
ballerina over here I'm kind of losing
my voice which again I'm supposed to
film a video for Nia's Ness later on and
it's gonna be all scraggly which again
which again I have a to chew on that
perfect for my dancing sure is get to
dancin don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other
we shall just
