marry you Avram once tours duties Bo's
we're cleaning symphonies room this
morning lock you want a vlog you little
baby it's a high hey alright and we're
pretty much done in here now and we are
just kind of chillin I'm getting a lot
of housework done that I didn't get to
do over the last well yesterday I was
like literally out all day long I'm
really bummed that we're not at church
I'm really upset that we didn't get to
go this is the launch day the first
sermon of you know reach Rockwall and
I'm just really disappointed when we
weren't there we were supposed to be
teaching and I just felt like even
though I'm feeling a little bitter today
I'm still not like totally out of the
woods and I definitely don't need to be
with the kids while I'm like this Abram
got a boo-boo while ago so he's getting
some special treatment for this chunky
self simpie I just looked at your room
you did a great job well you're welcome
wow that you are Symphony is doing her
first little bead art it's not totally
in the middle can you guys tell cut off
to that side so after I put these this
on I'm sneaky and tanana's perd
we gotta iron it first yeah yeah when
I'm all done iron yeah then we'll sneak
it into her purse
shall we happy about that I can't even
vlog anywhere without Abram wanting to
snatch the camera from me where did you
take your oatmeal Abram Abraham's had
oatmeal twice today and I just saw him
run out to the kitchen it's so spooning
over there oh he's mad he wants the
camera I think he's throwing his Bowls
in the trash can let's see here yep
there's his little ball down in the
trash can Avram Symphony dictionary has
a new word of the day and what might
that be
wait oh I forgot what it when I said you
did why'd you tell me then you silly
girl do you think about it let me know
if you remember it okay yeah okay
I thought I wanna make a new order okay
what is it um at stress lay oh my what
does that mean that's crackling you're
in a hurry hit before Valentines
um really that's a lot of people right
they're gonna hurry
can I get a present for that I'm in a
hurry to make them this time present or
you need a hurry for him or any holiday
present okay or a birthday present that
is such a good word cuz it's a real
thing I know a lot of us including
myself struggle with exclusionary is
that the word what am i teenager going
the struggling okay yeah we all struggle
with struggling I know that already so
kind of hot
you'll put it in there we go hers
already we're going outside we're going
outside
well careful you guys see me and I
getting all organized over here look at
us getting organized
why aren't you proud of us and never
fails guys they always comes as a dad go
back to work I've got to work a few days
and then start the cycle all over again
I have to give you guys an update on my
going part-time status but before I do
that I want to give a shout out to our
friends at audible.com for those of you
don't know audible.com is a huge
provider actually the biggest provider
of audiobooks and since I've been
northern house I've been listening to
audio books through audible.com their
app you guys saw in a previous vlog that
I was listening to Moby Dick on the roof
remember that I'm a big stickler for not
wasting time and I find that audiobooks
are perfect for filling in idle time
like just like painting or driving it
makes me feel like I'm not wasting time
but lately I've been listening to a
really cool audio book called the
practising mind
got it further is it going to improve
this is the practicing mind by Thomas M
Stern I'm on chapter 5 and if you're
like me and have trouble focusing on in
your life in trouble like enjoying the
process of learning a new skill for
example I claim the guitar I've so much
trouble I sit down and learning the
steps of becoming you know a good
musician and that's probably one of the
reasons I don't like or like just
painting the house the process of being
in the house I just want to get to that
result really quick so if you have
trouble like me enjoying the process
this book is awesome it's called a
practicing mind if this sounds like
something you guys are interested in you
can go to audible.com slash salmony and
download this book for free audible.com
is offering our fan basic a free book if
it doesn't have to be this but it could
be any book yeah go to audible.com slash
Sam Ania
that's audible.com slash Sam Ania and if
you don't like that book or the book you
downloaded they'll trade the book out
for anything else without any questions
asked hey it gods it was so scary Abram
fell at the edge of this porch yesterday
backwards he was standing up right here
he grabbed the cushion and felt it's
just an ant man hey you're not scared of
bugs anymore you're a big boy you're
going back there in here
so yeah update on me going part-time
guys I really do want to go part-time
still but I'm waiting for the six-month
mark the reason being is I gave them two
years when I got hired on there and I I
don't feel right requesting a good
part-time when I told you when I got
hired that I'd be working over two years
so at the six-month mark I'm going to go
to HR and talk to them about to see how
they feel if that's something that
they're okay with and I'm going to go
from there also I want to stay a little
bit longer to pay off debt that we have
I want to pay off our car I stood it
alone I also want to pay off that so
that's why I'm at on that it's still in
my mind I can't wait to go part-time and
be with my family more but this is
definitely what I like to do with my
time more than anything else is be my
family you guys know that yeah I was
definitely getting better and better at
eating I seize look buddy remember
you're supposed to break it and push it
up see ah
however he's forgetting about it today
is it cold - cold
see look smart Liam you got that ice to
the top oh you want to finish your icing
okay
do you miss sissy - I don't like being
here cooking in here Oh baby I start
kneading this right now you super creepy
hey hey I'm not paying right now but I
want cake tomorrow
so you bring her oh no those dudes I got
chasing you he brings us stuff - I know
mommy
click anything mommy leave me anymore me
dancing a blur want to join us
whoa you got real low
the answered us look I was when my
wedding books came in Heather and Travis
singleton I was so bad at me and I had
one of these but we don't he has like
this shot I had all the guys purposely
move a lot so I could get them blurry
and keep the groom and focus and sharp
I'd really like that picture this is a
boy coming in through the door back
there these are what my wedding books
look like just so you guys know if
you're interested in me shooting your
wedding sometime which I've gotten a
couple viewers interested there's the
first look I got a mount to her guys
look at the fresh clean baby look our
show is what your car can do and is that
what the car says broom broom broom can
you say McQueen good try Bobby you'll
have to excuse his hair guys I just put
on in his leaving conditioner and so
I'll brush it in in just a second kind
of messy at first we daddy daddy went to
work she he got his she was cutie he got
his shoes lately it's been a real
struggle to keep this guy distracted
from TV I don't even know if he would
understand what I'm saying but it's been
a real struggle like symphony I don't
know if it was because I worked I wasn't
with her all day every day at this age
so I don't really know what it was like
with her with TV and she probably got it
freely cuz she was with her
grandmother's but with him I mean it is
so difficult
guys with 18 to 24 month old babies I
mean like what are different ways that
you distract them and still do what you
have to do I mean like we vlog I do
wreaths I take care of the kids three
and a half days a week by myself because
Sam's at work although he is helpful the
times that he's awake but still I mean
for the most part I myself those days
and um whatever else that comes with it
I mean I help Sam edit videos I just
feel like lately the struggle has become
a little bit more like he doesn't
care for his cool toys over the TV like
he used to or like I was like Symphony
always did I don't know and I also feel
like sometimes when you have to get
something done you can't sit down and
pull out like a messy project to keep
them entertained like you need something
that's not messy
and when I say messy I mean like or like
um you know stuff like that even like
stuff like that is not necessarily easy
or helpful whenever you're trying to get
something done around the house like do
the dishes or like I need to go clean up
from dinner right now but he had to take
it out first and I think he would sit
here and play I've got all his little
cars out and round and I think he would
sit here and play while I go clean up
from dinner but can't guarantee it this
is his cars then he has all kinds of
cars and he has that little Rhino car he
has a zebra car that my mom got my mom
got him both of those cars and she got
him this little slide Bebo knows what
you like homebody
he has like this little Hello Kitty car
that was Symphony's car though my
sister-in-law just sent this adorable
picture of her nephew know it and she
was taking him for a walk his hat on and
I was like dang I'm just taking walks
with the kids it's just been so hot
lately I feel like I really want to go
and take one with Abram today it just
literally guys it's like scorching
outside or her picture seeing her and a
little baby in the stroller I was like I
want to just go walk don't he's not here
cutie
today Sam was like Nia can you just put
pants on him sometimes like he's never
in pants
I'm like hey that's not fair sometimes
before naptime he's in his pants but
then once kids take their naps you know
they want to take their pants off as be
more comfy and I just don't think about
putting the pants back on him all right
we ended up going for the walk mommy is
all tired out and so is the baby see his
alligator tears are you ready to go
night-night read a book and nurse are
you ready
hey you're ready to nurse can you tell
everyone 9 9 9 I blown kisses oh good
night guys we'll see you tomorrow
we shout you
within this
