man is here hi Nana thanks for coming to
save the day please watch your step
this morning everybody woke up outta
sync it was bad I woke up with the
migraine Nia woke up sick she couldn't
get out of bed
Abram woke up so cranky wrong side of
the bed completely and simply woke up
it's not as happy as could be everybody
was completely out of sync me and I both
kind of took turns waking up and
watching the kids I finally took some
excedrin and nipped it in the bud I feel
a little bit better now
and so my mom's OB gotta watch the kids
have a bridal shoot today or tonight
this evening Nia was supposed to come
with me I really need help on bridal
shoots but she's still sick in bed so
I'm all alone on this one and my mom's
here to clean up after the kids yeah
yeah you are I didn't tell you that
forgot to say that mom but I put
everyone back into bed because you're so
cranky he's like man you didn't get
enough sleep so I just put him back in
bed and let him cry for a little bit and
he went back to sleep within like five
minutes and slept for maybe 15 woke up
now he's happy but um yeah it's been one
of those kind of days we have him to get
to start the vlog so it's almost five
o'clock I've never started the vlog this
plate tears one of those days where it's
just hard to get the blog started
oh you're beets why there's a mouth okay
what are you gonna make a bracelet you
how's your foot mom everybody wants to
know how your foots doing oh it hurts is
it broken pretty bad or just like a
hairline chip and you actually chipped
it yeah like your foot or one of your
toes or something so like your
medication did you guys see your new
chair
check it out it's the gyro Bungie chair
see come up me pick out a chair again
you ready Tiffany we're gonna go look
for a chair we still haven't got a new
desk chair and I desperately need one so
we are going to the Container Store yes
I think they do have chairs here
they're like rubber band chairs I'm
really looking for a chair with armrests
though cuz I like to throw my leg up on
them and stuff yeah
you don't need a desk chair towards that
to do with you well you don't have an
office well we'll get one for you when
you get your own house how about that
deal I really like that gray one I think
they look good in the room too
no not this one she said she has one in
chocolate brown do you like that one
I mean back in it does it have a good
lumbar support oh you need to grow a
little bit huh that's the problem we
found the winner winner chicken dinner
hold on buddy no don't jump oh man dude
you okay
he's tokus on the baskets he's fine
watch out simply felt ya bungees that's
not Bundy Bundy it's not very good for
him to stand up and cuz his feet fall to
the cracks but that's good I don't want
him standing up in it anyway oh no house
just fitting this here here we go we're
really doing this right now hey guys I'm
at the fire department we're doing a
really unique shoot I want to introduce
you to the bride she's a volunteer
firefighter there she is
we got an issue something's caught yeah
yeah I think it's wrapped around this
sequence so this is Katie the beautiful
bride used to be Nia's manager remember
your training
yes you trained me as she worked she
worked at maurices and I've done her
photos once before when I was practicing
to be a photographer so now I'm doing
her wedding and getting paid for it
which is really cool and we're doing
some really unique shots here
I'm gonna set up some gels on my flash
I'm gonna do like a red and blue on my
flash to make it look like the sirens in
the background she already turn on one
of the trucks and did that but I'm gonna
use my flash have more control
happiness and overlap it
but just like that that's going to be
shooting behind her and putting like a
starring look
and that blue and red is going to make
purple in the middle so we kind of a
cool little mixture of like so what are
we doing here Katie you're the pro are
you hanging off of it like you do in the
field would you want to do okay yeah
that'd be awesome
instead of it okay you want to put it on
it's kind of cool we'll try that
so here's kind of what we got so far the
look I'm going for
so we got the light thrown behind her
focus look at that does that good old it
up behind her otherwise that would have
all been dark and boring well that's a
wrap you guys will be seeing Katie again
on Saturday we actually went to several
different locations before this was just
our last stop
Katie you want to say bye to our viewers
see you saturday
I feel like this shoot went really well
I got some really good photos so if the
whole day if I can remember I'm going to
show you guys some this was kind of like
a last minute shoot because her wedding
is next weekend it's on Saturday whoa
you want to help me you want to help can
you bring it to my desk I clean this we
do it it's messy here bring it to my
desk buddy bring it to my desk
you got it hold it hold it it's really
heavy Oh see it's heavy here I'll help
you come on I got it
bring it to my desk boy get your hair
out of your face
oh I miss you little man I gotta bring
by my desk I got it buddy I got it buddy
thank you whoa whoa thank you let's put
it right here you guys dropped this
thank you your toe which one are you to
knee kisses oh he's a little sore here
mm-hmm
gals were about to play heads up and
symphony is gonna be the one holding up
to the head so we're gonna be describing
these words to her
it's just that guess what the word is it
is so much fun doing it was simply you
guys don't see really easy okay this is
what you eat in the morning when you
wake up painting not lunch
but yep at the type of dog yeah they
should make one for kids but if they
can't read it's just a picture and they
got a describe me picture they have a
board game at Walmart do they have it on
their wares just pictures that'd be
really cool so she could play and
describe it to us let me see if there is
downloading I am they do have it but
it's a it's a separate game it's
heads-up pictures so Sydney's gonna get
to describe it to us now yeah that's
gonna be fun a crab lobster a chick yeah
all right here we go oh you put your
clothes in a washing machine a hamper a
basket dryer a dryer dryer Oh drawer a
drawer the dresser oh man you play a
fire on it you put fire on it uh-huh
what do you mean on wax Oh candle yes
uh-uh you painted on your fingers it's
you yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah okay guys
here's a couple of the photos I did
today
here's the one that I like pretty her
walking down holding her dress this
sounds pretty a full length of her dress
in front of him really pretty house just
kind of typical poses really pretty but
I was trying to do something here but
didn't turn out how I wanted it I really
like the natural flair in these photos I
think this is the one I like most her
laughing I was like okay now laughs and
I wasn't pretty like that one I got a
turn one of the trucks on this truck
over here on the right
this is a different pose a serious
firefighter these are cool I like them
cuz they're putting a boot on and that's
cool I like that and he's gonna be fun
at it take her husband's gone like these
that's cool oh don't turn out blurry
there we go that's good look at that
that's a cool picture isn't it well guys
I hope you enjoyed our day today it was
a very simple quiet day we're both woke
up stick like I mentioned I'm bad knee
is going better my mom cleaned up the
house very thankful for that
thank you mom so much I really
appreciate it but tomorrow is the
official launch of reach rock wall so
that's going to be really exciting we're
gonna be opening the doors to the public
for the first time tomorrow and mean I
have to watch the kids for the first day
Teddy hmm
no I don't maybe he went outside go get
some fresh air you don't think so maybe
somebody put him outside the fresh air
well nobody put stay outside true that
all right sweetie I'll help you in a
second
you wanna say goodnight to the viewers
tell them remember to scout your stars
so what pick out your stars okay
