good morning Symphony why are you so sad
this morning to do oh so sweet guys she
saw just a little glimpse oh the video I
made last night from the kitchen while I
was posting it to YouTube
you started crying now we're gonna watch
the whole thing
good morning abram abram hey you mister
hey bro
leave this guy keep trying to pull them
hey stop hitting
don't hit the doorbell be nice to the
doorbell this is what's going on in our
neighborhood right now he his mom and
dad's over at the house this morning
we're gonna go across the street to an
estate sale a state cell I mean I can
never say right they said that this
person was a hoarder he's lived here
it's right across the street from my
house so we'll see what there is the see
you like estate sells you do hey you get
over here
that is very what will you get it for me
yeah but I forgot my wallet just 70 with
her paw paw what's up funny
she loves new things like this is new
I've never been at this house before
hi and then good are you good you do not
hard we will possibly meet these people
like professional estate sale people
they they get paid to know to stay
Celsius
really yeah I'll talk to the later okay
somebody really like Christmas guys it's
Christmas town in here bill the picture
frames and interesting cheer let's get
out of the lady's life a profound a
choo-choo train
oh hi abram some another train choo-choo
did you find anything got a single thing
I can't believe they took her time to
label all that stuff it's way overpriced
at that everyone come here buddy the Sun
or yard
hey Abram get over here no come here
did you find any junk honey
it was like a little trinket with a
ballerina on it and some spools of
thread don't vintage-looking mr. dollar
for why just to put on her dresser yeah
did you find any jump no darn I'm
getting ready to make lunch i marinated
some chicken overnight with lemon pepper
seasoning and never marinate stuff so
I'm trying it out and I've got corn on
the cob I'm here making a whole bunch of
it and make some rice to go along with
it have lunch with my parents they're
really good at cooking and I don't
really ever cook for them some like
symphony just threw up twice all over
the place for baby she's sitting here
with Bebo they're sewing together what a
sweet sight till you get her all
snuggled up on the couch so anybody Oh
is she doing good mom would you lay down
you don't major sir
no look at Abram sip somebody needs his
buddy oh he moved everything else
if I could describe today one word it
would be just forget about all the work
that needs to be done and just sit back
and relax and enjoy the day you know and
don't work at all
that'll be the one word I would describe
this day of she's that one word got two
guys here something really cute you hear
that
I'm gonna go get to the store and get
some soup for you okay mm-hmm you don't
seem very sick right now are you feeling
better
you seem like you're feeling better are
you watching Daniel Tiger all right
little man you ready to go get some soup
ingredients for symphony are you ready
okay first stop carrot chips
Janina bell pepper and hold it you want
to put it in the bag
beef stew is not the same without a bell
pepper I have made the mistake a couple
of times and my parents made this
amazing piece do they always have I'm
trying to replicate it I'm sorry I'm
opening a bag up Welles logging here
Abram put it in the bag baby
good deal so next we're going to get our
onions and celery I found the one I
wanted I like to get these little bitty
celery because you can just chop them up
real quick okay got some stew meat
usually I use ground beef but I'm going
to do stupid today I'm just in the mood
for it and while I'm here I'm going to
quickly try to grab some things for this
upcoming week so that I don't have to go
to large grocery shopping trip yeah
popcorn so we've been going through this
stuff like crazy and I got my diced
tomatoes my tomato sauce and we're all
set
I'll say you need like garlic and chili
powder could I have that okay my roux is
now making see that down there coming
out all the nice juices getting flavored
by the crown bell pepper celery all that
yummy cooked next step is for me to add
water tomatoes and tomato sauce and then
just let it cook for a while sometimes
that I mean I like to let it cook for
like on low for like an hour to two
hours but it's almost dinner time like
at 7:30 right now he's barely how do you
today I think I'm gonna cook it high for
like 30 minutes let's start frequently
Nonie let's get a little update on the
princess she seems okay I don't think
she threw up I was gone did you throw up
on mommy high challenge like the meanest
guy right now sweet I think you might be
coming for you what are you watching
play-doh video she is getting spoiled
with play-doh videos and TV today man
this is unlike anything we have ever
done with her unless she's been sick I
guess the soup is coming along nicely is
she taking forever to boil and that's
annoying me a little bit it smells
pretty good
I got like I'm missing something in
there though I need to text my mom we
were supposed to go help at the church
tonight like help clean and just
organize stuff and we didn't get to do
that because we would have had to take
our kids and I didn't want to leave
Symphony here sick kind of a bummer
tomorrow night is also a prayer night as
our launch is this Sunday and we're not
going to make that either because we
have photo shoot like so annoying since
you're just kind of sitting around and
around watching TV for like the first
time ever we're literally sitting on 50
Parsippany sick and nobody wants to go
anywhere you guys are invited to come
with me neighbor him while we play it's
play
ah what is this in here what is that
yeah
get up jump on the couch
oh yeah - here he goes are you gonna do
it one two
Wow a little bit you okay yeah no you're
not okay did I hurt your bum is your bum
bum okay mister is your bum bum okay -
wow this guy like crazy left I could
just like get really bored and then
we'll just start rough paying good 9:00
a.m. don't go to sleep
haha don't go to sleep that's it shishi
it's not fun mister I'm trying to get
this little guy to eat I'm really
disappointed cause it doesn't eat nearly
as good as that he did look Abram it's
an airplane your mouth is the airport
okay what's it gonna do crash land you
want it to crash land Abram eat it Hey
look at him guys
we gave him too many sweets too early
baby this is what mommy made you humne
mommy be right back mommy ran to Walmart
to go get a quart for us so I can watch
appletini come all he wants us crackers
okay
you like corn oh yes you do Abram okay
guys it's really late here at the
writers house we're all going to bed now
actually the kids are already bed but
knee and I are going to bed and I just
wanted to say good night to you guys
before we you know into the block so
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other we'll see you tomorrow
we'll see you soon
if it doesn't work out you can always
come back
nice I'm stuck
they will
