good morning everyone we're at swim
class now sandy made it here before me I
know I look like and you'd go to bed for
about four days I don't know why I just
look so sleepy today your class is over
to the side come on get my finger go
find sandy there she is
symphonies pastas doing a safety lesson
right now
hey baby symphonies class just walked
around the perimeter of the pool
learning how deep each section was
that's for Kate we can't touch that
that's bikini needs the air you can take
a baby now
any
yeah boom you want to tell my guys is
your I say yes here you go good job
today course when it's my day for snacks
what do I bring ICS that's our thing me
and Sandee have a surprise for the kids
all day long simply already well that's
a prize of the day we're going where do
you think we're going what do you think
we're going
unfortunately you're wrong and the place
expose your crack right
swimming lessons was good the surprise
was chick-fil-a and we went to new stuff
at swimming lessons today we warned
ooop like this it teaches you how to
swim it's an ice-cream slim her mom used
to shop at the store I worked in college
do you remember that
oh these little fingers I want to let
him try it but there he goes put that
door there he comes again in and out in
and out can you make up your mind buddy
no he just keeps coming to hug me well
watch I'm try to open this door up it's
pretty nerve-wracking
and play
it's pretty strong though I just worry
about those little fingers thank you
hey you keep flashing us your diaper
what's going on oh thank you come on
Scout side door hey guys how's everybody
doing today I hope everybody's doing
great
come on out little guy I see the time
comes outside the associative AC all
right guys I'm really excited to show
you this new addition to our house
please give a warm welcome to the
shiniest and most awesomest addition to
our updated house Symphony from what it
is the ring video doorbell guys this
thing is just so awesome this is the
first battery-operated Wi-Fi enabled HD
video doorbell may give you a little
back story about our doorbell at our
house so we've had we haven't had a
doorbell in our house for the past 4
years probably and throughout those four
years we have missed several important
people coming up to our door knocking on
it Nia has missed nops from Sandy I had
one guy a carpenter actually came over
one time and he was supposed to help me
with our bedroom we were all awake in
the house but we didn't hear him knock
so glowing without a doorbell for the
past 4 years and now we have an HD video
let me show you where this thing does
all right Stephanie ring the doorbell
watch what happens when sip name rings
the doorbell I got a call open so
there's an app ok
there's symphony and there I am in the
background hi Stephanie when you get a
missed call it records it for you on
there in their cloud so it's all
immediately available on your phone to
watch also it has motion detection so if
there's anybody in your yard you can
actually set the range on what it
detects like up to 30 feet and so if
there's any movement in your yard it
starts recording right away so last
night I had a lot of motion on the porch
while I was at work I was looking at it
and it was just the kids playing around
it was just so much fun I have all these
missed calls as you can see they're all
recorded suid this one is
I just need on the porch with the kids
Abram was calling me on that one
there's Andrew moving out so I got a
motion here let's see what it recorded
the dog my mom's dog was on the porch
how cool is that guys the ring video
doorbell you guys if you're interested
in putting this on your house and having
as much fun as we are with this thing
you can get $20 off by going to ring
comm and entering the coupon code ring
loves salmony a 15 also they do free
shipping so that's that's a pretty good
deal this thing is just so awesome and
you could connect it to your existing
doorbell which is what I did I took the
wires out that we're in here I couldn't
get the fit here at Plus you want the
room you don't want it to be blocked by
this wall about took and I put the wires
in here and covered them up and mounted
it right here
so yeah ring video doorbell guys check
it out enter ring love Sam in the 15 to
get $20 off and I forgot to mention that
you can answer this anywhere in the
world how awesome is that so you can
pretend that your home if somebody comes
up to the doorstep you can answer it or
not answer it you can just view who's at
the doorstep and decide if you want to
answer the call or not it brings a whole
new safety level to our house hey guys
it is about the rain you gonna play in
it you hear that thunder he's calling it
he's doing a little rain dance can you
go get our trash can can you go get our
trash can a broom bring it up to the
porch
this way bring over here mister that's
windy huh when the pick up the taupe oh
okay yeah you're doing a great job buddy
thank you let's bring it back to the
port buddy we gotta go this way it's
about the rain
can I help you can you hear me
where's a broom this is kind of like a
monitor to the kids could pull outside
of it sitting here to watch them on our
phone make sure they don't get off the
porch Wow honey nice moves there it is
guys it's coming down we got side just
in time
I told him he could stay in here and
watch it I'm not really ready to yeah so
can we bring him in front of us I like
to go in Street Daddy see you guys oh my
gosh so I just got my area over here all
organized and pretty and I'm getting
ready to do a Nia's nest video I'm
unboxing a planner that I got and I
realized the tripods not here sorry
there's something in my eye right when I
started talking it's in the back of our
car which is with Sam at work and so now
I can't film it also update a lot of you
guys are asking where uncle juju win
today it was pretty smooth neither one
of the kids got super emotional about it
Abram said his name like once and I
thought he was gonna go to his room but
he didn't he just went in the kitchen
and like did whatever um and symfony she
was she was okay with it she was she
knows that we're gonna see him again at
the airport so she's holding on to that
I think once he's gone and we've left
the airport it's gonna be a little more
difficult and I'm hoping to get in his
room and get it totally rearranged you
guys want to see it it still looks just
like his room pretty much this is what
his room looked like like all this stuff
was ours except a futon
everything he has I mean basically was
ours or the Raiders when they lived at
their house we've also been trying to
decide what we're gonna do with this
room there are several options on the
table it could be like a movie slash
game room a guest bedroom a craft room
probably gonna end up going with like a
movie room slash guest bedroom because I
want to have a place for people to come
stay here when family's in town I want
my mom to be able to come stay over
whenever she wants to because right now
there's no place comfortable for her to
sleep and I really don't like that for
coming along with us today guys hope
you've all had a really awesome day and
we'll see you tomorrow don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
shop
