yeah swimming lessons so early in the
morning how exciting I wouldn't go you
guys
hey sure do I'm looking at sugar
something No
got to give
in this together Andrew got a stone
that's and regardless that's from Andrew
plane today what you're happy
say thank you juju whoa you're gonna
base my hot very not my lovely baby
yeah donut what deed uh donut
all right deed that are you gonna get in
there whatever okay so actually turns
out we're early thirty minutes early
instead of late which is definitely
better and those teachers that we just
make the rub around not helpful you need
to go to the front office like we have
to go to the front office for about your
local kids can you just tell us where
they go just like I don't know where
they go I'm like well we have all these
kids and all these bags we gotta walk
all the way in the front office
but luckily another girl had already
come out with your front office
paperwork to come talk to us cos geez
look at all this stuff we haul around to
it so er you have more in the car
No look at the little boy I'm so good
y'all are the little baby brothers be
careful good job
peeking at Cape through here okay beer
we're gonna move over close to you
the teachers let me hold you let me help
you
so she did her mouth you
woman's a high school with a swirl good
job baby give me five
so tonight in the bathtub tell me what
you're gonna practice what are you gonna
practice blowing bubbles and what else
putting your mouth and your nose in the
water you got to practice how do you
kick do you bend your legs or keep them
straight oh you do Bo don't it so good
yummy after class snacks and before
classes back
baby made these cute little kabobs
fourth of July
we're back from swim class that went
really well and symphony is about to
head out for some last-minute bonding
time with uncle Jun he's leaving tonight
from our house for good and then we'll
see him on Thursday at the airport so
sad about it that bull of change nice
and you what are you gonna do with it
when we'll train - it will print a
machine and watch it counter by Symphony
okay have fun man
I love you make sure you have lots of
fun with juju yeah
hey bring the gels ready come on whoa do
you want one and if you are okay they
kind of fell apart we have a turtle and
a starfish or something yeah
Avram think the jello is funny is it
good you like it jello so silly
no way the boys are opening up some toys
Sam you got a toy in the Vale maybe
those guys the new GoPro session the
small scope Oh yet guys everything is so
amazing look look at this awesome box
it's so smooth and you open it up hey
who is this little orange guy in here a
floatie
wow that is tiny ball that is so it only
has one button it doesn't have the
preview screen like the previous one
does but it's so much smaller and
simpler to use all you do you press it
once
and video is going and then you press
another time to stop it I think the
default mode is 1080 30 frames per
second and then it has 1080 60 frames
per second and then you press and hold
until the time-lapse icon appears and
now you got time-lapse going sure
settings and that's perfect
however I have to worry about going in
the menu and setting things to open it
up you pick this up and then the GoPro
slides out of the Flex mount and then to
put your SD card in this is really fast
and it pops open and there's your SD
card slot and your micro USB port there
it is and that's the waterproof case
there's no waterproof case on this one
this is waterproof that is just so
awesome they have totally upgraded their
products like the materials are using on
these things they're like velvety look
at this it's so soft the new mounts
actually have these rubber little um
grips on them now which is really cool
makes it easier to slide them in and out
though they aren't exactly the same but
they still work with all the old mounts
as you can see that a little bit
different was I don't have an old one on
me this is how it works buddy you got a
look at the camera this
so cheese daddy thank you
there's the ball joint buckle that screw
allows you to turn it 360 and everything
without having to remove the mount
because before you had to remove them
out turn it around or turn the whole
thing around now you can just put this
on there and turn it every which way you
want to can't do it with one hand but
you guys get the point okay guys so
injures last night here he's leaving me
something open to let him explain it I'm
living near a sword it's a very sharp
dagger now it's a sword
some people come in actually it's like
somebody knocks wait wait good overturn
over who is it live it's a scary man you
don't know yes Matthew said telling or
running Jesus Harry yeah hold on
symphony you're gonna help me he's not
going right this minute but he'll be
going soon we have little crisis you
don't look too sad are you feeling sad
Andrew just left
I couldn't vlog it I could have loved
him telling us by I'm a crybaby I'm
gonna cry right now we're just emotional
girls Stephanie cry oh it's okay I was
just telling you Symphony how a lot of
little kids have aunts and uncles that
they don't get to live with and that we
should always just remember that we're
really lucky that we had you two living
with us right so always remember how
lucky what are you gonna miss most about
about going in Candiru Oh yourself
that's okay
remember what mommy said if you need to
cry let it out but if you don't need to
cry don't force it out that's what I
always tell her because she's emotional
like me sometimes you just gotta let it
out I held it together until I came
outside with Abram sitting here going by
dou dou by dou jeez it's just so sad to
me I don't know look like such a hot
mess right now sad to me that Abram
doesn't even know is I like tomorrow you
want me to go to JJ's room but it's okay
we're gonna see him on Thursday he's I
mean you can see me with Matthew the
next few days and then we're gonna take
him to the airport
alright guys well thanks for coming
along with us today we've had a really
great day we have swim class again
tomorrow so we are gonna be getting into
bed pretty quickly within the next I
don't know half hour so we can rest up
from all our Sun today
you get ready for tomorrow's don't
forget we love you man oh geez you're so
cute
