good morning guys uncle Matthews playing
Barbies with Symphony he was just
brushing his teeth randomly and I am
cooking breakfast
here's what's on the menu for everyone
today biscuits sausage eggs how do you
guys make your scrambled eggs right
before they get done finishing I always
add like a tablespoon of sour cream to
them it's just walking around like
dragging himself you're so funny
mommy's gonna cook the eggs do you wanna
help oh you do I'm gonna start off by
whisking our eggs Oh
I'm cooking for seven people 15 eggs and
a little bitty and stirring it all up
Abram you're so good at cooking eggs
thank you so much okay I have frozen
number three yeah it's about me doing
that no it's really cool you like babies
up and do stuff like flies oh yeah let's
do it starting to work out
I have popcorn that's all the money you
have pickle juice on my corn Symphony's
having morning coffee she started
drinking water and juice and a coffee
mug so she can be like mommy and daddy
yes good morning daddy
everyone's faces are really red and
tired look at all these sleek anything
and romantic took mom and daddys but
that's where mommy just it's my idea
what you're trying to say is it obvious
doesn't that mean they have free you and
you I uh what would you say about you
well they aren't any that come from you
oh did you teach her there well study
yesterday no yes are you setting about
you guys you don't well that's where I
came from
no Symphony it's okay let's not make fun
of the brothers okay it's not their
fault they eat too much it really isn't
that's what happened then you're gonna
say 240 kids
Oh your daddy's chubby down over chubby
Oh
good girl boy did you that yes are you
drunk all over oh my gosh you got
something here chubby - no you're not
Oh a little tiny business you got a
little tubs shabby
don't worry yeah so funny hey Vermont
were chatting yeah your mommy's not
chubby yeah we're gonna have a cheat
know you like your eggs a / oh God stuff
oh yeah oh you're gonna explode it found
it h+
time to explode how'd it explode yeah
who'd say I made you to do it okay by
Symphony I love you have fun at Bucky's
somebody's going out with the uncles
they're taking her - Bucky's and I think
Wow
and Abram I thought you'd be upset that
he wasn't gonna go he's pretty happy
though when I was growing up I didn't
have like uncles and aunts that like
took me out it's just crazy thinking
like Symphony is totally safe for her to
go they're fun they're responsible with
her it's just so different I didn't do
anything with anyone except for like my
grandparents or Wow you know really
that's it I didn't go out with ancient
uncles and all that since open I guess I
did have one and that would make me
occasionally out like school shopping is
like that
but so that even that's kind of
different thank you very much yeah sure
are you gonna go to her party yes I will
be there she just gave uncle Matthew his
birthday invitation she loves doing this
we have a few more to give out but we
have to get dressed manage it now hey
guys I come in for two seconds two
seconds and look hey bro
I said no water right now you little
sneaky boy hey broom look at mama
you got the spiderweb off all by
yourself wow you are a brave girl huh
proud of you I'm not very tall it's hard
to guard the light for you I'm sorry you
watering my plants baby thank you what
did you just fell off the swing but I
thought you jump down oh did it hurt
baby are you okay that booty chick what
does I've got ticks tickle it up okay
baby
hey Brahm what are you doing it wise
will not leave us alone I don't probably
like spilled some time looks like it
means it's like mud I just came to clean
this part of the step off are you ready
for work tonight trooper rooper yes yeah
not so much fun this weekend if the
elections been awkward forever even
though he haven't it's been the same
amount of time as usual but hello maybe
you were just extra weight this week no
that's not true either / yeah I guess
that's true what which one come here you
need help with
ah what are you season 2 the camera he's
just lying for something oh gosh
did you poke a did you go poopoo
you smell poop bitch you smell poo fish
there's no little poop idiot mister yeah
yeah you do
your fly
don't eat the rug oh don't eat the
carpet mister don't you eat it doodoo I
gotcha I gotcha
my gosh you want to go to the bed get
over here
I'm not done with you Oh what no I want
to play with you some more
you got to change your diaper first go
change your diaper
what
dude you he didn't poop after all he's a
stinky boy you took not buddy
doo-doo-doo-doo Oh bye-bye buddy
lately Abrams won in a roughhouse with
me he's really fun
see I just do stuff like this and he
loves it not just now but he does like
an economist you want to watch a bus
with me but I gotta get ready for work
you get my phone okay all right here we
go
okay push push push the fork all right
go pick up everything they see hate it
see me trash think you ever need it okay
you gon do this bro be hey excuse me sir
we're back in here look at CCA room
go ask for help baby never a dull moment
in this house you guys I just got to
tell you guys something that has just
been so like that in my face today so
the past few days have been so busy
we've been seeing a lot of different
people it's just been a lot of crazy
like just whirlwind of stuff going on
and I am just feeling like so antisocial
right now like I just want to be alone
or with the kids it's fine but just I
don't know it's just like I'm not used
to this feeling and I thought I would
just share it it's just I've been so
busy and so tired that for like the
first time like ever I feel like I just
want to like it's introvert it's weird
I'm not like that I'm very much like
social not going do you feel that way
you look like it's just been so busy
lately that you just like in desperation
just to be like alone and regroup I feel
that way I feel like well not
necessarily by yourself but like just us
as a unit like not out and about what
other people you and me being the kids
me and you know he has our song that's
just how I feel likely I like today I've
just been so like bombarded with being
social her you're not even fighting to
make over there so I'm sure you guys
heard that naturebox dropped us what do
you think of that Symphony they're not
going to send us any more naturebox
boxes anymore yes sir they dropped us
because the some may start a petition
there's too much on it and then somebody
I'll start a petition to get them back
to us which was really nice you guys
real such awesome faithful followers you
guys are so awesome I think you want us
back we're definitely welcome heading
back we love naturebox you guys know
that the kids just absolutely loved it
go ahead and no wait first what time is
it
Jenna time peanut butter jello time I
don't even know what that's our new
year's hopefuls are gone
yeah yeah jello you don't you know no
can you say peach like we're gonna make
peach jello let's get your little feet
over baby come step up here everyone we
both have little feet
they're still kind of small good job
guys a good teamwork y'all have what's
gonna work teamwork Abram what's gonna
work
say teamwork we're doing this for like a
summer snack and we're going to be
putting it in our little jell-o molds
you can get these at Walmart or Target
for like a dollar fifty I think and
sometimes you can get little kits where
you get this and like two boxes of jello
that come with it and I got the package
out good job but you have to excuse that
we're throwing it away does anything for
getting you could deal with all these
cheeto balls don't do it they're
disgusting and probably really unhealthy
and we just thought that we were getting
a good deal but no don't do it
look yeah ah be careful doing that okay
let's get our bowl ready then yeah me
does it smell like peaches smell adatom
okay our jell-o molds are ready to go in
the fridge later I don't know if I can
freely do this at the same time no Abram
Abram I don't need help this time honey
thank you see what they look like we're
gonna put him right on top of the egg so
that's a pretty flat surface they're
getting to finish off the very very last
of the juice i diluted it with water and
put straws in it I love it feels really
weird to be going to bed on time the
kids went to bed on time I'm in bed at a
really decent hour it's not even 11:15
yet anyways guys tomorrow we have
Symphony and a rooms first day of swim
class this summer sandy and Huff will be
with us too so we will see you there
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other
