real excited yeah Sam watch your posture
almost you keep that in half and we're
used to going to the teachers now
there's our church over there and you
got the water ng up the water honey you
got the pickles yeah where are they all
right thank you I got the pickles guys
what better way to celebrate your
freedom than spinning it with your
family we're excited we're going to go
have a little swim pool party with the
whole family
I hope my sister here oh yeah she's here
cuz her boyfriend is going to be cooking
out for us there's a little flip of July
baby put this little Mavericks hat
Dallas Mavericks
how do you know where to go what does he
know where to go
Samuel what have we made it we can keep
him sissy Abram follow sissy come on
buddy nervous in the big pool all right
you got a fast iffen e you're such a
good swimmer puppy paddling look at you
go he made it boom box we face tonight
can we see what's inside yes
that is awesome
where'd you get the suitcase antique
store okay yeah I go go to a lot of
antiques so looks like old Samsonite
yeah this is like from the fifties and
it's all wood so it's polyfill but yeah
so it's like a lithium-ion battery a
bluetooth module a little amp and
crossovers are built-in whoa wiring oh
good job
that is so cool so I have I've actually
this is my I think fourth one I'm
building and building a new one - this
is for bass response you sell them I do
in here yeah okay so I don't have a lot
of time to build them they take quite a
bit of time I'm actually working on so
cool hearing tomorrow
life of the party showed up hi Rach life
of the party right there then you know a
girl moment
may get the camera in the water
yeah that man has a camera hey bro I
said we're dancing in the water
hey bro it
yeah I am a friend good pretty free
coffee and garlic rub get the coffee and
garlic rub hi
winter Lepik 2014 and summer 2015 is
about to commence the first games of the
day are cannonball biggest cannonball
lineup up there guys
a contestants Andrew Rachel Nia Matthew
I'm here we go one two three everyone
didn't like that very much
okay guys the next Winter Olympic event
is holding a breath underwater the
longest
yeah he won he won you guys are the
judge of this next event which is diving
in a no diving pool here goes Rachel
Rader it's not bad
we got an 8 I got a seven and a half and
you got a six and Richard gunner what
else you got six a six things are like
so I got second I got to do technicality
oh that you guys got a type of Thrones
hydro money you got the gold smallest
flash is our next winter again I'm ever
taking a break oh yeah
Andrew gets a reader number one and ruin
the only I think so everybody won that
one because each of us made our own
small splash so we all win we all get
the golden that one what's you the next
game be frozen
okay guys frozen is the next event you
have to freeze you're the judge
he did Bend a lot over there that's not
too bad
oh that's pretty good is the window
Symphony Rachel you and her
favorite that's not fair to pick
favorite you have to eat the goldfish
she looked or drowning the last event of
a winter 2014 in Lubbock and summer 2015
is Nia and Sam we're going to race their
hey mark get set go
happen alright guys I got two very smart
brothers right here they're very
competitive about what they know so
we're going to do some fourth of July
trivia you guys ready for this map ever
all right here we go first question goes
to Andrew when did George Washington
signed the Declaration of Independence
1776 what date
oh good year though job was another lie
2nd or July form I know this one this is
our second
oh no the correct answer is never he
never signed that big favor the
Washington oh that's George Washington
didn't sign it there was another trick
question was a trick question one which
American president was born on July 4th
there was a few of them actually
Woodrow Wilson Theodore Roosevelt Grover
Cleveland or Calvin Kohlberg I would say
I think it's a completed river Coolidge
out right next question Matthew ready
ready get a team which city is host at
the so-called declaration house where
Thomas Jefferson wrote the Declaration
of Independence Washington Boston
Philadelphia or Baltimore I'll know this
I would say Philadelphia Philadelphia
good job your pick was right one format
arrangement which date to celebrate was
the favorite of John Adams July 1st 2nd
July 3rd of July for both July 2nd you
were right
that was John Adams favorite celebration
day yeah John Adams won it in the pen to
be celebrated on July 2nd he wrote in a
letter and then a community flight board
because that's one is actually sign yeah
even said July 2nd will become the most
celebrated day in American history
something in a letter and then late but
somehow I got most of the
all right Matthew 101 how many
amendments of the US Constitution have
717 27 or 37 27 good job I was tuber
Matthew
how old was Thomas Jefferson when he
wrote the Declaration of Independence oh
yeah remember that 23 33 43 or 50 - what
/ - first - number 13040 or 53 on his
30s you're all right
33 Matthew gets three points Thomas
Jefferson what number President was he
oh the second not that what do you think
hold on Gallants is the second or third
that's likely no second they all that
gets taken yeah accepting a deserter
that was there I noticed something all
right Andrew won that round Matthew in
the first round so the next question is
the tiebreaker ready Matt yeah the first
public fourth of July event at the White
House occurred and what year that 1776
1794 1804 1820 1904 a team de leche de
leche 1821 and Andrews the winner 1804
the first fourth of July celebration at
the White House was an HMO white house
even existed
good job guys Abram you're excited
Symphony yeah huge can I tell you
something hopefully when fireworks first
start I get a little scared
and then after they go for a while you
kind of warm up to him a little bit yeah
hey room you ready to go see the
fireworks my baby's gonna come see my
baby is gonna come
your baby's coming too looking like you
like oh come on Abraham's could see the
fireworks
yeah oh man let me help you dear little
guy people over here this is olive
Terrell out here
we should have brought a ball or
something the kids out of the phone see
where we going your doll teaching how to
walk don't put on the streets will run
over realize you nothing really to
anymore because nine o'clock and we
still haven't seen the fireworks it's
not completely dark in anger some in the
distance but I guess we should be able
to see him when I come supposed to be
right over
horizon mom so honestly think that there
was a big Dallas firework show oh yeah
there's one in a dish and yesterday
there's on Friday night it's when the
biggest in the country includes like
bowling World War two bombers a clerk
for smokin up I invited you guys to you
said no you have got a winning girl we
did it yeah I took it out yesterday yeah
it's almost amazing fireworks in a deep
as these the biggest have start they
turn the lights off look at the farm
Sydney's are far away
Abraham Sydney's our firecracker her
face mouth is wide open
Oh
Suz don't want to go alright guys we
hope you guys had a good 4th of July
don't forget any of you and remember
love each other we'll see you tomorrow
