Gogi Susie's clothes leave this
troublemaker guys oh yeah
somebody's putting up this big power
wash when I do her laundry I put it in
powder by the door at night or on her
toy chest so she's been working on this
little area right here and I was in my
room getting ready we're going to the
wedding today here's my outfit and I was
in there just doing my hair and this is
what I hear who can make the Sun Shine
Jesus can and she's just seeing it over
his head so sweet like my daughter's
doing a doing work and she's doing her
chores and she wasn't very happy about
it person she totally changed her
attitude to sing a song about Jesus but
this book that was so sweet like that's
what made her her awful chore more
pleasurable with something to award
alright I can't find the keys guys so
I'm using my my tile app the thing is
this thing is kind of a you gotta like
keep reloading it one minute ago this is
in Rockwall tamama leave the keys in
Rockwall all right here we go you ready
to hear
and here's Stephanie where are they
nothing here what April did you do that
we would have never found the keys if we
didn't have this app Wow guys I'm so
excited to take this lovely lady on a
date so I'm gonna be working I get to
see her in the audience will you dance
with me I miss my job
Oh mmm so crazy
no but seriously were you dancing me
Katie said she wanted to make sure that
you enjoyed in the fun - no cool I'm
really excited about this wedding
because I get this photograph beau
marrying a couple from our church I've
never done this before have I all right
you kids up I want my cake hey hey hey
weren't you gonna pull them as exciting
as it sounds I think I'm a bit
no you fit right in there share the
water with Abram don't spread Mikayla
hey sitting to keep the water in the
pool baby hey that's not a swimming
diaper
he's a swimming diaper I'm scared he's
gonna soak me he does I'm like an old
camera
that's how you keep everyone happy when
we're leaving with a minister he is good
to go
take pictures I've been here once before
to do a wedding shoot bring that
building it's so cool I'm your babe
how's it going good pictures of the
bride yeah awesome it's so cute in there
I love Katie she's like can you make me
an Instagram I don't have an account
you're working shrug one time to fund a
little rename for it she keeps saying I
need your creative ability it she's so
cute this is the reception and where's
the ceremony did you go look around
already yeah this place is amazing I
love it here it's like an ideal those
does their a wedding it's just I love
the industrial type would look cool yeah
it's a pretty scene just look at this
that is so pretty but no one has filled
out the inside yet wedding guests of
blank and blank at blank it's Katie and
Mike at the cotton mill hello people
people please
go here mysterious in here Oh
let's go see what's in that door thank
you
God would this place like a warehouse Oh
kind of yeah they're probably fixing it
up and gonna make another room out of
this right now it's just storage
wouldn't this be a cool place to work
guys
you're just building in here I would
love to live here and I can't imagine
anything a place like that that'd be so
cool I'll be looking at huh fans we're
definitely gonna need him out there yeah
order of celebration it's so cute one on
this side and one on that side it's
really humid out there no sunshine but
um it's overcast and really humid
somebody's coming in you guys okay look
guys is Casey you guys know Casey she
was a viewer of ours and then she
started attending our church now she's
in a wedding of a member of our church
sorry there was a mosquito
me and Katie make these she brought over
these black bronzy looking basis and we
distressed them to have like teal and
the bronze peeking out of it turned out
really cute like look how that looks
someone's in deep thought over there who
you thinking about
Sam and I just had a mini photo shoot he
took a couple pictures of me for Nia's
nest just when we were experimenting
with the lighting outside and stuff
let's see what else is in here her
bouquets are in that room you guys can
already seen that but Katie made these
poem Anders she's really crafted my
goodness she made these check it out
those little balls of sunflowers up
there they look so good and like
professionally made like you'd order it
from Etsy I think this all just looks so
cute how are you feeling I experienced
all this hair and makeup yeah is it fun
though I'm in a daze really Shaun did
you get a lot of sleep last night no no
I was thinking too much about the ring
her wedding the ceremony outside and
it's been raining all day it's not
currently raining so it's dryish wet
like wet here well outside but it's
gonna be perfect Katy you'll forget all
about it once you're in your dress and
your outside gonna be stone and I think
it's under your viewers yeah that I read
the Box when we make another case and
they were so sweet they're saying apple
they were little Bennett so handsome so
cute I been it hey handsome ring bearer
Sam's doing pictures over there isn't
this place gorgeous you girls look so
cute that is such a smart thing to do
hey Ellie and Lucy do y'all want to have
some pictures taken just Katy hey Ellie
Ellie does Katy look like a princess she
does yes you're a girl filly hair my
beautiful date here we're going to go
get a seat your boys are working yet for
both of them yes
photographing yeah you guys have a
celebrity wedding good work we're like
the paparazzi show yes we they're so
lucky they're paparazzi are you oh yeah
oh yeah there is hey Sam
it looks so beautiful
keep going by oh they're so cute
Oh
weddings are truly about what marriage
is truly about that is about making and
keeping important promises in a
Christian and marriage dreams come
together and are connected as one for
faith and values in their relationship
throughout I am bond camera bond I'm
taking Sam his lens he was like make
sure you get this one okay make sure I
was like saying there's only one left in
the box I'm gonna get the right one
which I probably got the wrong one
setting up the shot oh my goodness
Oh
yeah
you
you
without telling
let's jam
mama right out chocolate you gotta go
dance with me
hokey-pokey people
Oh
Oh
my bouquet to your local bloggers here
Sammy Nia and photographer wishing you a
merry marriage and a happy yes I just
don't say I hope you guys remember this
day and what you felt way everything
looks and smell that absolutely
everything forever when you're having
like ups and downs this day and these
wee
something to cherish what's your name in
max max we'll say hello to yourself
tomorrow you'll be on tomorrow yeah max
our Channel you wanted to check us out
yeah did you get no you had the vlogger
you guys missed the eggs and it was
really cool they like glowstick yeah all
right made it home guys we're gonna go
free at Mikaela
it is like 11:30 11:45 fine that was an
amazing wedding let me tell you it was
so fun you could just look into his eyes
and see how much love he has for Katie
it's just really inspiring I loved it I
just love shooting weddings it just
brings back our wedding and he's been
happy when we got married
um Sam Craig quite a bit and I'm not
saying that to call him out or
embarrassing right now but a lot of my
friends and family came to me afterwards
and like still to this day mention it to
me like how amazing and touching it was
and of course it was touching to me I'm
his bride and that means something to me
that he loved me that much but for them
to think that I've always been curious
like why did they love it so much and
tonight see Mike and he was so emotional
just raw with his emotions with Katie
like I finally understood first of all
it feels good to see your friend being
loved by someone that much and second of
all it's just one of real men you guys
are that is a real man that just is raw
with his amel sensitive min yeah I'm
exhausted oh but we'll see you guys
tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other and happy 4th of July
right now enjoy celebrating tomorrow
with our family I'm supposed to go to
breakfast early in the morning with the
girls Sarah you're gonna be good with
that
we shout
