whoa guys that was unexpected I think I
took the topic of gay marriage way too
lightly and I guess I have some
apologizing to do I'm sorry if we hurt
anybody we obviously we're not trying to
cause hate or create hate can I tell the
viewers something um today Abram get to
sleep with Harley and I get to sleep
Rich's his doggies are you guys are
training ha ha that's sweet
we are Christians we believe in
everything the Bible says and we believe
God created man and woman to be together
and I'll take back any of that but I do
regret taking this so lightly and
pushing our views on simply like that at
an age that she doesn't understand so if
I caused any of you guys to feel less
about yourself or less valuable I'm
sorry for that I really am we love
everybody equally God tells us to love
everybody no matter no matter what and
he still loves her baby no matter what
and like Mia said earlier in the blog
she has family members and close friends
who are homosexual that we love just the
same
equally as we love anybody else yeah I
mean like honestly when sam says equally
I mean it's true like there's no
different I don't see these friends of
family any differently than the rest of
my friends and family in fact I mean I
have a cousin who I feel like I relate
to more than some of the other family
members I have who are straight and he
is a Christian and I don't know I mean I
just I think it's important to point out
that while we don't support that
lifestyle and we follow the Bible
closely and a lot of different things I
have a lot of love for those people -
mm-hmm and you guys do I think the main
reason why people got so mad because the
tickets so lightly and I was joking
around about it and I said a couple
stupid comments and I shouldn't have
approached that topic that way not such
a sensitive issue right now but anyway
we're sorry guys if we caused you to
feel less valuable about yourselves or
family or friends or whatever
yeah but anyway guys the drill the block
today sorry barrel commotion and yeah my
brother you are my sister
by the same guy love butter thing
we've got tick
well
in this together oh you let me help
why did let you have it I don't know
whoa whoa now we go then - I know we
haven't mentioned that yet to the
viewers oh yes ah hey one would push the
button right here now push that button
what will happen if you'll push the
button push it
hey you just turned it off doing it on
daddy
Abram what's going on stop baby you come
with his ready he used to be skinny how
are you guys doing today I hope you're
having a blast stage has been a very
lazy day so far I'm trying not to be
lazy guys I'm really trying but just one
of those days or just gonna sleep okay I
made a s out of a little um would you
calm down liar liar no hey hey careful
buddy turn it back on hey be careful
you're gonna break the bulb turn it on
and no more turning it off turn it off
turn it on or off hey bro
turn on and off that a horsey whoa good
job ladies I could fly on your Feeny you
have to lay down to finally Oh guys my
chest hurts so bad when I lay my back
especially flat ah
oh how second Rattus is real that is a
real aah Hey what are you doing 50000
man just his weight on my chest hurts
Oh been getting better I feel like it's
improving but sometimes like some days
it's worse than others
hey daddy because you ran me out
Lightning McQueen give us the MOCA
Lightning McQueen so your tricep yeah
you need to sharpen your pencil - a
major guys really pull it with the
pencil sharp Nellie here on the end of
it um connection it's not working
snacks I cheap thing we're gonna play
don't hinder for you you might not get
one though you might get one but you
might not that's the point in roulette
hey bro it's not one chip get a chip
there he goes
ouch okay yet - I'll test it get one
yeah get one another time
now you got to eat it eat it
that's thank you Miss Bossy Abram Oh
to get a hot one he did a hot water
whoa hot Missy yeah ha ha hey Zack but
it was I didn't get a hot one do you not
one can tell which ones are hot oh yeah
looking at it oh no you can't tell they
all look the same
all right one go to home
any hot ones are in the back most chips
are doritos nacho cheese flavor you love
but there's a Hot Chip and every handful
is get one yet
ooh nozzle spicy because the little just
moderner wasn't big one liquid or one no
why do you take one spicy might be that
one you like a little bit no nothing I
literally ate one literally burn my
mouth dude really hot get one huh huh Oh
that one's kind of spicy well yeah my
spicy fish is not that I have to later
space my new Gotham's and waves yeah you
lose so small that okay I'm gonna go pay
money it takes the kids to Walmart well
you keep my hat found your hat gorgeous
I love it can you get here but I was I'm
doing tape it on do you want to get your
oh yes we were gonna go to Hobby Lobby I
have like three or four items to get
your friend or - hey we're gonna go to
Walmart and give the birthday
invitations I print out for Symphony you
know her invitation you're right you're
right her invitations David they said in
the spring stuff we're at Hobby Lobby
now and I am looking for some little tea
pictures for Symphony's Tea Party so the
thing is that there's going to be I
think at least ten kids there and their
parents and I'd like for them to all sit
together but I'd also like for there to
be options for their drinks so I wanted
to have like a picture of lemonade a
picture of tea a picture of water maybe
another little picture of like something
that's blue or green just to kind of go
with you know the idea that we're having
a party so I'm gonna go look in the
spring stuff do you think we'll find
anything says hey what did you find
something
those are beautiful huh hey you guys
check out this cell 90% off I mean not
all of these little flowers over here
like 30 cents he's pretty big
every Lauer's with sparkles in the
center I think they're originally $3 in
their 30 cents I'm getting them all
you're so cute no such luck with the tea
sets we're going to go to the Dollar
Tree I think they have a lot of
different glass jars and stuff like that
there so we'll see what they have also
at the next store Dean or else we're
gonna get you're the fairy wings for the
chairs at your party they're gonna be
pretty guys so funny so I were walking
down the store and I was like all right
says let's get your invitation she said
whoa I love it I absolutely love how she
picks up on little thing to do like
occasionally for like moving on to
something even if it's just around the
house like okay let's say dinner now
were like I'll just like put the handle
you guys have seen me do that and it's
just so cute to see her like taking on
those little habits that I have and like
making them her own so cute there it is
do you like it
hold it what do you think of it
is it pretty do you remember you picked
these I found those on Etsy
well price you're gonna normally pay
presentations but it's okay I'm saving
money in other areas like on the cake
aisle what what color do you think
you're gonna get her what flavor you
like chocolate vanilla strawberry you
don't know so we're gonna be making our
own cake symphony has asked to make her
own cake did I pass the cake mixes I did
cuz I was vlogging okay we got to turn
around I missed them oh look at this one
symphony these are confetti and party
rainbow chip that's cool there's
funfetti over here Holly
okay which one so you're gonna that's a
strawberry flavored is that what you
want you want the bold purple cake you
can do purple I just blend and you want
this wrinkled one okay you can get that
one so you want to put it in the buggy
all right so we're gonna do funfetti
we're waiting in line at McDonald's to
get some water we're thirsty after all
this party planning right
Abram is ready for his drink it's coming
we have to go to that window first buddy
see that one right there
so guys while I'm waiting it's a long
line I've been reading through some of
the comments from today's vlog and I
just wanted to clear up one little thing
so some of you are really turning it
into like a hate versus love thing under
no circumstances do Sam or I or our
children hate anyone I am we will not
teach them to hate they hate people who
live a certain way and and we are all
about you know loving you guys know that
we love you and remember to love each
other no matter what that applies to
everyone in fact I've got family members
close friends who are gay and I love
them and I'm close to them and we have
healthy conversations and relationships
and you know all of that is time to pay
so it's free water screaming guns
everybody go go get some fresh ice water
but anyways I just wanted to say that I
wanted you guys to understand that we do
have a lot of love for everyone there's
no hate anywhere in our home and there
never will be
I'm sorry thanks have a good one yeah oh
my gosh I just tackled Sadie should stay
at home mom like officially physically
something quiet celebration because
Ethan was asleep or maybe the Gator hi
Christa kind of voice oh my kids are big
sleeps in there like Spica 30 oh gosh I
wish your last day work I'm coming it
was really good I pretty much bolted out
though because I was in hurry to get
home home forever with me definitely
with them bringing you like I'm very
excited Homburg said oh my gosh this is
so cute oh yeah this is stuff that
birthday Hawk show you guys in a second
go cutter today alright so here is the
stockpile from birthday shopping today
this is the cake we're going to be doing
with Tinkerbell sticking out of it
funfetti on the inside green these are
envelopes I got to address the
invitations and it seems like we got
more than that I sure felt like I shot a
lot more than just this little Palace
stuff we got I still need little
espresso cups to go with this this is
probably gonna be a straw holder can you
wave this cute little day was only like
399 HomeGoods has such good deals this
is a lemonade picture it's pretty small
I wanted small things like I want dainty
and petite and Sam's mom was asking if
anyone was gonna
get up and like do manners for the for
the kids are there like teach manners I
was gonna see if you wanted to do that
Oh like anacott yes a Big Fork little
Fork
oh I don't know about that but lying I
don't know what kind of manners are
taught as I please y'all okay girls now
when you want something done you say
please y'all I don't want to pay for
Tinker Bell to Coombe I've already said
this party's getting way too big bigger
than I wanted it again you know watch
this who wants the volunteer is Tinker
Bell there he was like a hundred entries
what she's saying is he wants to do it
for free so if y'all do I mean let me
know I guess Tinker Bell hello it could
be Tinker Bell's um helper Silver Mist
oh my gosh no cute I can't do it I can't
be super miss she's got dark long hair
and also rosetta mmm she has rosacea no
she's like a rose petal
I don't guy they're all fairies who
could do this he would do it Silver Mist
or periwinkle Rose uh-huh they were not
around we were little you know who
Tinker Bell's friends were windy and
Peter Pan
oh oh by the way by the way guess what
I'm making for the boys because
obviously sandy has a boy Peter Pan hats
because the girls are gonna have fairy
wings in the boys you know Peter Pan ho
so cute so cute anyway so we're about to
make a video for knees nest we don't
know what we want to do what are the
options
we shall jump
