Wow buddy bye-bye
morning guys this is one of my favorite
times I get to sit here and look at
Abraham's face white watches bus gonna
start over I love this time that ever
wants to come lay with me right before I
go to sleep for the day I get to look at
his face while he stares at the screen I
take advantage of it and I kiss him up
and I eat them I hate him up
you are my sister
made by the same guy
we've got to live
got to give
well
in this together dirty little boys I'm
really good what tell me no mr. okay
tell me no Jude you know no yeah you
painted it red so beautiful
mm-hmm mommy mommy mommy painted it did
mommy paint it did you have a meal for
breakfast
what'd you have for breakfast cereal did
you have oatmeal Oh mmm get a little bit
what boo-boo a little boo-boo on your
neck
daddy scratch it for you Oh yummy kiss
it mmm there daddy kiss the boo-boo not
kick me in the face mister yes because
neck is so slender get out me here she
got Nick yes tender little nick we're
headed to the grocery store today we
kind of skipped out on Monday doing our
Monday errand
I'm really learning a lot about
budgeting you guys I've been working on
that trying to get it down to a mile and
I realized that sometimes it just takes
a sacrifice if you want to budget
correctly like I'm really into learning
how to cook new foods I really want to
do like healthy fresh wholesome foods
and sometimes you just can't do that 5
to 7 days a week every single week it's
just not really realistic in the budget
especially because Sam doesn't like to
eat leftovers hey well he will argue
with me to the moon and back when he
sees his long but he does not care for
leftovers I don't care what he said um
so I'm gonna be doing really simple
things this week like you know sloppy
joes or like grilled chicken sandwiches
that you know you just grill the chicken
and put it on I don't know stuff like
that I'm trying to just like explore and
see what I can make happen and see what
I can save this week by by having like
lesser fancy meals just kind of regular
old regular ol meals I don't know
whatever whose turn is it to choose
bubble-bath this time oh I hate the last
time so nad Day weekend but you are
around right bubby what do you wanna do
there spider-man Elmo paw Patrol
oh there's VeggieTales and AH what do
you think Evan she's so funny
notice how she's trying to talk him into
stuff that she likes to VeggieTales it
is oh wait is this bubble bath - this
isn't bubble bath this is just shampoo
we have that stuff sorry Bobby hi lovey
no egg to go piggy not VeggieTales today
do want the little minions in bananas
Abram you don't want the bananas stuff
it smells like bananas
who are you waving at who are you waving
at do you want Elmo baby oh ok we can do
Elmo I remember I didn't like that very
much
oh my goodness oh he's happy with his
choice so every like three year to five
weeks I don't know how long bubble bath
last they get to take turns choosing
last time we had frozen assume we have
Elmo I think the timer we have paw
Patrol which was Abraham's choice and
we've had dog door
what are you doing
to the men
whoa hey bro I just do that so
destructive
ha that makes me so happy
just paint stuff is nice guys it's
actually not as slick as it was used to
be really slick it actually adds a
little bit of grip to it makes it safer
for the kids I just realized that I did
not take Symphony's closet door so I
gotta go do that tomorrow and I also got
to take our pantry door I didn't take
our pantry on purpose because I'm gonna
do it a different style door than the
rest of the house like the fan style
it's like new beer and maybe it's called
so this week I plan on making shutters
for the house and I don't know what
color to make though what do you guys
suggest I thought about doing a natural
wood style the board-and-batten style
seems like a cool idea my hair must be
okay right now and we are going to paint
that bench right there eventually
I also got to paint the front door what
do you guys think should I paint the
front door the actual door or the screen
door I just bought that screen too I
really don't want to get a new one
nothing was a lot of work to put in hey
man
well come on let's go get sissy go give
him a hug get out of here come on go oh
my gosh once I had a nanos they had a
Nana come on go get her car Wanda Nana
watch your step watch your step
sissie
hi Gabe Abram I hug you so happy to see
you hugs for everybody you he's excited
everybody's here
mommy are gonna stay a while why I don't
know seven Oh Bob okay can you tell him
why he really yes
yeah no but they seem to think that
she's always over oh if I had my way she
would always be with me
yeah she would she'd take it every day
trust me she wants her more than she
gets her vicinity loves being over there
- obviously they limit it now - once
every choice and believe me I don't like
it
say bye Nana Bob your bob was all very
witty what'd you do at Symphony village
swimming yeah your apartment yeah this
morning guys I got into studying and
reading about the Columbia disaster the
spaceship Columbia I read something
about the commander he was a devout
follower of Jesus Christ and he had
prayed with the crew a lot
he prayed with them before they took off
if you guys don't know about the
Columbia Columbia was destroyed on the
coming back into the atmosphere from
space they had stayed like seventeen
days or something I thought it was
really cool that the commander his name
is Ricky husband before he left he made
seventeen videos for his daughter and
seventeen videos for his son and there
were devotional specific for his son's
specific for his daughter so they could
watch it every day while he was away he
prayed with them in the videos read out
of the Bible and a little devotional
with the murder day so that was just a
cool thing sometimes I have to remind
myself quiet log because this is so much
work it just requires you to remind
yourself while you're doing it in order
to keep doing it well and after reading
that that gave me another
while all I think it's going to be
really awesome for our kids to have
videos of us loving them you know as
they're growing up I mean that's just
priceless I can't even imagine having
videos of more as a kid with my parents
it's just in my siblings and the things
we did together every day it's going to
be incredible for him when it goes up I
just can't even imagine like how just
priceless that's going to be for them
hey you Tudor telephone now this week in
the in the play-doh coz apron and I were
playing with it we're making little
play-doh stars yeah you wanna make some
Tarot stars you know make some play-doh
stars well we just smushed the play-doh
and put the star inside like this and
then we flip it over take this star off
like that we made little play-doh stars
huh not perfect but you see what we're
trying to do you're not impressed are
you
you got Dorothy today sweetie you're
like Dorothy from Wizard of Oz can you
say that one more time honey I just
think we should document this is we've
documented everything else hmm what
would did you tell me though I loved it
yeah you loved it but sure but I won't
go hours ago so he's decided that he's
not hungry for leftover night oh I knew
he doesn't like look though huh acts
like he likes it so much always it's
always a big deal like oh I like it I
like it I'll eat it all eat it I'll eat
it again doesn't happen just look I've
been fasting I want your head handed oh
my they're all going over get Ricky
we're not gonna give up okay you guys
are done already we're done for tonight
it's past her bedtime and she the needle
keeps coming off dad your say Dean
understand oh whoops
Frank did you learn how to sew tonight
and you have pink right here
Jim Peter James and you have orange
right here
Dina James brought her two presents she
bought he brought her
right okay and Daniel James is one of
you guys sure is he's a fan basic so so
perfect for her to try to so he asked a
lot rent doesn't Jessie to my place and
white and turquoise she's gonna get this
out no matter what we want to say honey
it's really good for her too because it
teaches her patience like right now
she's learning it's just me patient you
can't finish the entire butterfly in one
sitting we're gonna come back to it
tomorrow have one either way to be near
me choking me choke him y'all say good
night to him don't forget guys we love
you
y'all forget we love you and remember to
get one of those sewing kit
you can make
we shall just
for a misty
