good morning
given that you do show me the s come on
kiss give mommy Eskimo kiss I have a
nurse come on kid made my night so much
last night
yes so last night I was scrolling
through Facebook and I saw a picture of
Nia and Abram doing an Eskimo kiss for
the first time come on really fast he
was so sweet yesterday he was like it's
just differently he's at Nana's house
it's like he can tell me and Hannah I
just bond when we're alone together oh
yeah I need them yeah we do need that I
tried to teach you the butterfly kiss -
no you really catch on can we do a
butterfly kiss I'm stopped look at that
we didn't practice it on their eyes
member morning symphony brining daddy
daddy to pick out my own rock and guess
what what you didn't get frozen well
mommy didn't think you have any certain
color I'm gonna get one kind of like
yours but pink around it
oh I see would you get french toast and
syrup yeah that's what you're gonna do
March April when you dipsticks french
toast on a syrup that's it drip all the
way off before it picks it up and takes
it to his mouth get another bye neighbor
what do you knit me cute bad all other
person that was there and then of
strawberry I can't get that hope would
be it would be all of them I'm just
kidding
watch that's a true
hmm
job feeding me the butter is learning
how not to make a mess new job buddy man
so what do you guys have planned for
today Symphony
what are you mommy doing today Abram did
not want to wear his little swim shorts
I'm letting him just where the swim
diaper to the splash pad well say it's
careful first picking up our friends
Tessa Natalie and Katy and they're gonna
go with us we're just gonna chill in
this summer Sun it feels so good outside
y'all haven't seen each other in a while
did you miss each other
are you excited to go splash a broom see
a little surfer dude we got to pay it
forward on the way to the splash pad the
person in front of us paid for our
coffee so now I'm gonna pay for their
coffee on my little app or there's those
people behind me watch they have like a
pool I'm not gonna break the pay for it
I don't know isn't that so nice
she got a mocha frappuccino and I got a
not even know what I tried today to be
honest I'm kind of nervous because at
Bubble Bobble they have these milky
way's drinks and I got cinnamon in mine
and it's like caramel and cinnamon and
chocolate though should I tell them good
job
ready to go / what oh yeah this play
we're gonna go in the water first you're
cold you know like he's our coldest get
them out in the sunshine they look so
cute everyone is so excited yeah you and
hope mommy's hand oh you're so sweet
yay can I have your dress please thank
you come over here let's do a little bit
of sunscreen
Abraham's giving his froggy shower
we migrated to chick-fil-a
lunch the kids are for this is Emily
from symphonies ballet class hi Emily
can you say hi was so sweet this was
intended with a BFF at ballet and she
literally almost cried when she realized
ballet was over it she couldn't see her
again so awesome that she's here I'm
gonna get her mom's phone number their
Symphony hey baby
are you girls gonna their dance class
together again you don't want to do that
clearly Abram is taking business cause
on the way they played it is over we're
at blessings on Brynn Symphony and I are
checking this place out for her fifth
birthday party what do we have in what
kind of weather do we decide on I'll
take your about Pete pie Tinkerbell Tea
Party so we're gonna see what it's like
in here it's a really cute place that
have really like cottage looking designs
there you go okay so you do you think
it's a winner here yeah okay we're gonna
go for it this is Miss Barbara sweet
lady she's gonna be doing the food and
lots of things look how cute this piece
is it says count your blessings right
there then over here on the chalkboard
it says today's special you because of
you we are blessed thank you that makes
me want to have here extra more very
sweet people it's family-owned and are
you excited this is where we're gonna
have your fifth birthday the way through
normally but I'm gonna do a play doh
videos hi guys today I'm going to be
doing a little short play-doh video and
I have a little a big anyway advance her
little amendment on the bottom and a
blue Knight and a heart I actually have
this orange out mine and whoa this would
what what bouncing out cuz its new
play-doh I like to get new play-doh when
I open up some new play-doh ant-man I
get really excited about it you make
galleries with it
so bouncy
what stuff should I start with I'm gonna
start with boring what's on the bottom
of night so please honor in bounce down
here as well and then you do some strips
right here I accidentally did a strip in
him
thank you for watching me I'm gonna peel
this off see you next time bye everyone
bye kids bye Michaela I'm off the
wedding craft with Katy at her apartment
we're gonna finish these puppies up I
put the flowers in here and we are gonna
finish it up for weddings in three days
hi Katy
how are you I like your shirt it's like
going along with a theme here's one
almost finished bouquet like how pretty
that's looking is it okay if I'm long
yeah we just have to wrap the bottoms
that's the focus for tonight right yay
it's looking so good it's one it's a big
one the bride I wanted it was kind of
like funky looking she was showing me
some funny stuff about it so we're gonna
try to fix that
they're just bulky they just like stick
out I got a
did those turn out cute guys are not
really cute and we had so much fun we
were trying to come up with hashtags for
her wedding her last name to be is gonna
be
acres and so we were trying to think of
things some of the ones we came up with
was hashtag happily ever a KERS acres of
wait what was it
acres away hashtag acres away you know
like Anchors Away
there's everything a KERS ahoy is what's
in my mind maybe I should text her that
I don't know anyway so we had a lot of
fun I feel like it's been one of those
busy busy days but really fun where we
got to go out and do a bunch of fun
things that we don't get to do everyday
like the splash pad and I don't know
it's just been a good day so thanks for
coming along with us I'm gonna go tackle
some laundry and hopefully hit the hay
and we'll see you tomorrow don't forget
guys we love you and remember to love
each other
