good morning guys how are y'all doing
today me and Abram have had such an
amazing morning together we just had our
quiet time I've been trying something
new with quiet time because what I was
doing before just wasn't working
usually I read my Bible at night and
I've been going to bed so late that I
just kind of don't do it so I had to try
something new so me and Abram sat down
on the couch this morning I had my
coffee and I got him a stack of Bibles
that are his and symphonies see right
there he snatched my phone now and he's
playing with it but he sat here for a
good like 5 to 10 minutes just reading
through his Bibles while I read my
Scripture which I keep it on my phone
and it was so sweet and so precious I'm
gonna start doing that every morning
just have 10 to 15 minutes where the
kids sit with me and they are reading
through their Bibles while I read mine
and just just to see how it goes I'm
really pleased with how today went what
are you playin Abram then your birdie
can we show everybody what you learned
today what do you think can you give
mommy an Eskimo kiss can you give mommy
an Eskimo cat please please real quick
with your nose oh thank you isn't that
cute guys can you sing your ABCs
you can sing twinkle little star what
are you doing
twinkle twinkle little star
you're good at cleaning thanks buddy
mommy is finally up and Adam it's like
11:30 in the morning this is not my norm
normally I've already done laundry
dishes all this stuff enough done
nothing today I got something really fun
in the mail you guys I think I'm gonna
unbox it on Mia's nest if you guys
haven't already go over and subscribe to
that so you can see my cool little
videos that I've been making I got a
little planner which I desperately need
I got a really pretty one and I think
I'm gonna be doing an unboxing of that
but I'm trying to figure out here we go
all the stuff to the bank right here
ready to roll but Abram can we don't get
dressed now he he's just in cleaning
mode he doesn't want to get dressed and
go bye-bye
you're a very good cleaner Abram thanks
buddy
no oh you're gonna clean your nose can I
have a Eskimo kiss on my nose please can
I please get a deposit slip and a sucker
thank you
do you need help
can you say please
good job
can you say thank you good job baby
hey bruh my mommy just did my eyebrows
he was so cute you guys i regretted not
taking the vlogger in there but i went
to a different place this time and they
have you like lay down it's not like you
just sit your head back in a chair or
whatever they have you like lay down I
just didn't think I'd be able to vlog
and hold a broom and she's over my face
like there's no room for a camera but
she did kind of like cut it short over
here I don't know Ange to me I'm so new
to the whole like getting my hey what do
you want to do is it that time
okay I just felt it on my eyebrow pencil
and now I'm happy with them I feel much
better about it so I think me and this
butt are gonna go home and get nap time
yesterday he went down at that time for
the first time ever without yep
his nappy time Abram Ozzie yep
yep yeah that's your trash are you gonna
throw it away from me yeah and you try
to get something else out of there
you're gonna put it in the trash can for
MoMA No yeah hey bring his woke up from
his nap Oh what's on your shirt buddy is
it a lion can you say lion oh they are
so thirsty thank you
is that good guys Ino no oh tell us
about the lion what does he say he's
selfish serious about his growl isn't so
funny
hey bruh what is the lion say what what
does he say cute we love you I got 21
months Abrams starting to already get it
down that we tell you guys we love you
and don't forget to love each other oh
my goodness that is so funny he did it
yesterday at the end of the vlog you
know he did it just now
I lost my recipe book it's actually like
a catalog like I've bought this $10
recipe book and has all these really
awesome recipes for dinners under $10
that are good for summer off fresh
healthy stuff
just trying to wing it I'm making
stuffed zucchini and I remember like
making the list for the grocery store so
I kind of know what goes in it but I
could possibly be missing something not
too much it's not just like fresh
veggies in like turkey meat this is the
stuffing for the zucchini there's turkey
meat zucchini squash salsa and onions
and these are my little zucchinis you
cut them in half and you kind of like
core the middle of it eat it to go along
with it I'm making roasted corn in the
oven with mayo if we're saying this is
babe
who is it he said mommy's mommy if you
get down water bottle in picture unit
okay have a seat I'll be there right
everything all love hmm hi Nana just
trying to see her
say hi Nana watch your feet yeah yeah it
relax something I'm a boss we'll talk
about play over here today you say
you're gonna throw up to me Oh No
just because then you're in the car yeah
Amy mm wearing my ear
Oh what were you watching on there yeah
that can make you sick anyone come in
close door please
to let him back up good good job man
where's my shoes at a mom
he's something put on my scrubs and he
always goes go go are the end of their
are my shoes under there
no gonna go look by the door see if my
shoes are by the door
hey over here we're looking for my shoes
remember thank you can you bring them to
me
thank you you get me some socks
thank you come by my shoes thank you
it's the most horrible time of the day I
don't want this guy to go today
honey I've got to work I kicked every
day but you don't ever call in all right
daddy left us with one request one
little duty that he asked girls to take
care of him what was it clean yah the
front yard that's right he has worked so
so so hard on this house and we really
do owe it to him to clean up our yard
and make it look nice and we are really
gonna clean it up we're gonna we're
gonna put everything away and we're
gonna find a new home for some of the
things that we've been keeping in front
of the garage door okay first line of
order for symphony you ready for your
first line of order there's a little rug
underneath the swing set your job is to
wait wait I'm not done talking your job
is to clean off the rug and put the toys
where they belong okay
then place the rug in the front door
where it belongs got it
oh good job good attitude let me get my
shoes and I'll be right there
it's time to get rid of symphonies Dora
Jeep so there it sits does not work
anymore and she doesn't even like it she
never really used it I got it at a
garage sale for like $25 and I just
replaced the battery so not really
missing out on much it's kind of dirty
when I got it and we are gonna be making
like a little mini garage for Abram
stuff I think around on this side of the
house over here Sam has his table here
so I'm just gonna go ahead and like
scoot stuff over here tonight all right
looking much better we're all done with
the cleanup
I put the ladders away I put the
furniture up there
that's not how it's gonna stay those are
gonna be like red and white accents
Avery was looking at me out the window
and then this little area migrated over
here and we're gonna make a little mini
garage like we're gonna have like some
PVC pipe and boards right there and it's
gonna make like a little kid shaped
garage it's gonna be really cute all
better for my honey and now sandy is
over and she showed me this app called
speech jammer jamming really quick with
the Adam and I think I'm gonna make a
video for Nia's nest on funny Friday
using this and make a little challenge
out of it like a tag video recite the
Pledge of Allegiance okay I pledge
allegiance to the American to the flag
of invited City States of America oh my
gosh and to the Republic for which it
stands
okay guys I'll have to make a key here
it's like it's all a like you hear
yourself oh my gosh ask Abram asked him
for an Eskimo kiss even can the ex-mo
long time we have a little too much fun
over here
sandy turned into the one-eyed
one-horned purple flying paint later
we're trying to get the kids to play
charades with us and they're not
cooperating
I got a boo-boo today guys I don't even
know what happened I've been making
these adorable little flowers for my
friend's bouquet we're finishing them up
tomorrow so stay tuned for that you'll
get to see the final product
but first tonight Abram went to sleep
without nursing again so that's two
nights in a row I don't know how I feel
about it part of me feels really free
but then another part of me feels sad
like oh my gosh
is it ending I don't really know if I
want it to end oh man so anyways that's
that's happening but at nap time today
he's still in there so we'll see we'll
see what happens with that but anyways
guys don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other we'll see
y'all tomorrow
bye
