like you outfit yours yes it is a womb
Abram Abram howdy mister yeah look at
his cute little onesy durable pebbles
pebbles doing outside mister what's she
doing I mean look last time did you get
someone who teeth too to make a nice and
shiny you got to put some on your teeth
to your front teeth so they're nice and
shiny don't you I mean Frankie
see your jellybeans in there right have
you checked we have two doors because a
dead Florida be chickens today
she laughs like she gets it
good morning guys we're on our way to
turn uncle Matt Matt is with us hey Matt
my wife there's so much toilet paper in
there I've been really practicing about
making it on time to places oh yeah one
of our viewers that we've had like you
know chatting back and forth with since
like the very first time I ever made a
video or frozen video Daniel James is
gonna be at church this morning right
now he said he was
the genes I talked about here in a blog
he made a video of him putting on a
fitted sheet oh yeah
he also sent us a clamp for our car so
we wouldn't do exactly what we're doing
right now which is vlog which no money
no picture he said sergyei piano but he
said a couple really cool gifts but yeah
yeah that's so exciting
you know
see your face
oops uh guys this right here is Daniel
Jane hey you guys normally on the other
side of the media but it's pretty cool
being on this side now so I'm only a
doorknob a world and their solar exit is
for the minima so I was like I feel
really important walking around with
this came all the way from interning
with GE trains I hope so but you don't
work here I mean I work on IT side but
if I just step out of my cubicle and
look out the inside window there's like
a 100 foot factory where they actually
build it the motors from scratch I mean
can we facility oh really
overall the GE probably makes
at least 100 a week
are you doing a great job thanks
everyone's working so hard out here
build these barn workers why ARCA you're
working hard look at all that work
you've done this he's supposed to go in
the building or not I don't fall down
yeah threw mine away too this was in the
packages of the doorknob you just do a
good job Matt okay for helping bro yeah
they're tricky you're gonna have to put
the holes on the inside now we're
installing new tile we were placing the
hole ones and Daniels up next up
probably out next yeah they're up next
training the baby not cream
my good stuff maybe going any further
that's why you gotta go straight up
first it's hard because the
installations out there that's one for
Eric actually Eric that one's for you
bro I think yeah there's a couple of
professional carpenters
did you mean Daniel I know he's one of
our viewers you really give your best
effort man you did a great job the media
the camera definitely takes out a lot of
Klaus real life is better than 1080p so
I've seen exactly the same he never cuts
out stuff like there's a lot of blogs
when you say someone cut that out you
can hear it in the background
seems like you want to cut that out it's
still there ready to go yeah sure the
camera here in
well Daniels leaving those drinkin
meeting y'all too
what a great way to meet fam basic you
know where she can go together working
hard - yeah music in our church okay
awesome
what a nice meeting that yeah I'd say
sir well then may have coming up again
before you go back after right thank you
guys
All Right see y'all - choking get out of
here get out of where something crazy
we're good man you guys know where to
hiccup is since I'm in nursing mode it's
a spasm of the diaphragm they don't know
the cause of it still I think it's so
interesting that science can't explain
everything they can't explain hiccups I
can't explain yawns and I can't explain
why they're so contagious either I think
that's so fascinating that God has
incorporated things into our life that
there's no scientific explanation for
this no studying the human anatomy in
school
there's just amazing things like that
just stuck out to me like one of the
things that stuck out to me those little
bowels and your veins when you're blood
returning back to the heart pumped out
through the arteries throughout the body
and the blood returns an oxygenated back
to the heart through the veins and
inside the veins with little valves in
our legs and while the blood
kind of pushup it allows blood to go up
and through them but not down so it
can't really go backwards I just think
that's so awesome
this remember thinking of a book guys
this is an awesome book it's called
single - the human body
I'm just so fascinated by the human body
that's like the number one reason why I
got into nursing the first place I was
just so fascinated by the little things
I read but this just kind of explains a
lot of the details about how we can't
explain certain things in that it's
impossible for this to have occurred by
evolution just absolutely possible
doesn't make any sense that's such a
good book you guys should check it out
sing God for the human body I should do
a daily nursing tip for you guys that'd
be kind of cool sandy and I came to a
church right down the road for Freedom
Fest fourth of July next weekend let's
go let's go sandy brought festivities
how does this work ready hmm smells just
like lipstick
like it
okay so yes it is crowded here but Nana
decided she did not want to make the
Walker I'm not sure she would text you
sandy my phone died it is a really far
walk and she's got a hurt foot which I
understand but I'm so damn good to hang
out with symphony this little dude is
done and this little dude
every time they're just done these are
working on my laundry watch what we're
doing over here what what don't what's
on her face dome your makeup you have
makeup on your cheeks did you have fun
at the little party with the bowl so
anyway don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other say we love
you
we shout
what they're missing
