this morning we have a surprise for the
kids no no no no I lost it oh my god are
you guys ready to see who the new family
member is we have one more family member
that gets a stocking
Merry Christmas everybody yeah Merry
Christmas Eve sweetie hey we're no
peeking in the prisons yet Merry
Christmas Eve
watch Josie they light up want to put
them on your feet
Jenna wear them wear yes okay guys
that's messy into the stocky I'm a
little hesitant to give Sam his stocking
but Christmas is tomorrow so Kurt some
inexpensive little tripod your Bible
like that you would keep it at the cat
at the cabin that's awesome it's all
leather but my handmade seriously nice
hands hand cream yeah for your hand
massages no come on
doesn't mean Apple watch band yeah I
just ran just watch it's awesome TV what
just do it with it it's too up this is
what kept knocking down your stocking
and so finally I just took it out with
everything well I mean that combined
liquid goalie for you Oh smell so I
don't open this yeah it was part of your
stock are you joking me the series 3
watch that is incredible nice your own
tweezers if Sam's always looking around
the house for my tweezers and getting
mad when I
here at look at our traverser beard oh
my gosh earphones yeah there's a
wireless for when you workout because I
bought them at a time when you were
mentioning going back to the gym go back
but that's like I thought it might be
motivation to go workout route your
wireless headphones an awesome stocking
content it ladies a friendship ring like
last year
well mr. barrows doctor Wow okay
strawberries hockey stick
always need those did you help pick
those out surfies color sharpies for my
leather oh my gosh your glasses look so
keep just later oh yeah oh you sweet
self-heating mess my goodness Wow I got
a fancy one my own time man oh man oh
man oh man
treasure bottle coconut basket is are
gonna fun surprise inside that's awesome
was that from you okay symphony that's a
really cool idea
okay I got tiny ones too Michael Kors
what'd you guys get me oh oh oh my god
you are very good I look like I've never
had glasses like this that is so cool I
recently I mean I've never really like
looked into Michael Kors before the
brand with then I started watching
Project Runway and now I noticed
everywhere I look these would be perfect
like summer glasses oh my gosh it says
it it says it right they got me Dancing
with the Stars tickets I was just
thinking I really want tickets to go see
Dancing with the Stars live yes they're
coming to Dallas in February oh my gosh
I cannot believe it I'm just so excited
I already took a charter one two three
four
ticket to go see Dancing with the Stars
Russian guys this is like okay guys
there's one more family member in this
house that needs a stocking I ran out of
stockings and there's one thing that I
wanted to package up that's not quite
gonna fit in a stocking so I have this
are you guys ready to see who the new
family member is daddy are you listening
we have one more family member that gets
a stocking you guys mommy's having
another baby
just kidding it's for Oreo man they're
all so used to my junk I thought at
least symfony I get hurt oh yeah we got
you a present
you run a new bone she likes it you go
later that's a good ear bone ah Barrio
last thing she got she's happy it's a
tennis ball yeah we are all headed to a
family Christmas Eve service I'm very
Christmassy this morning my made-up is
in
see they make the Shepherd's made of all
the same which we told them concerning
this child and all who heard to us a son
is given and the government shall be
upon his shoulder and his name shall be
called wonderful counselor mighty God
everlasting father Prince of Peace
though he was in the form of God did not
count equality with God but do you know
that love
Oh
we're home now guys in Symphony has a
Christmas surprise for everybody someone
of this she lost another baby to and it
is a baby to snap look at that thing
tiny this guy is like it's Hollow
no rubbing it too much did this man
thing just disappear
yeah we're never gonna find me huh no I
think I'm sorry you just wanted to show
him a close-up of her tooth that lost it
oh good vacuumed the floor around here
there it is then put it under your
pillow tonight wonderful the Tooth Fairy
works on Christmas you think so
she may get me a Christmas gift hey guys
how's it going we are getting ready to
do something super fun and Christmassy
the unit's make our gingerbread farm the
first is a very very very important
business to take care of the symphony
has been waiting for for a very long
time so as you guys know back in July
Symphony got her ears pierced for a
seventh birthday
one two three three okay yeah and I told
her that around Christmas time would be
the time for her to change on her
earrings and I got her some new ones in
her stocking today her first time to
talk to our area ever our choice did you
choose this e oh I asked Avram and I
want to do these oh go ahead take off
okay guys Tiffany has chosen these let's
put them on in ah Christmas earrings I
like to go pretty until play so Q
remember we picked them out together at
justice Josie stop making a mess I do
let's do oh my goodness that's a plastic
toothpick some good bad guys coin room -
faster go to sleep the sooner Christmas
will be awesome
my food fairs coming and we don't know
she might get me a cookie she might do
things differently I guess we'll just
have to wait and see yeah one thing she
gets you a new to your toolbox okay I
like you excited about Christmas get rid
of the covers I hope you're a good girl
this year
oh so it doesn't matter yeah about that
yeah where's your tooth that all right
there right there cuz I'm a roly-poly
and I might not get off my bed
Oh get the better early cuz I'm really
sad about opening presents you don't
want this night to get over with so well
cuz you guys tomorrow Christmas you guys
have already had your Christmas by now
hope those are good one let us know what
your favorite thing you got was in the
description below
we'll catch you guys tomorrow on
Christmas don't forget we love you
remember to love each other
Merry Christmas
hey tattoos
