morning guys Symphony and I are on a
little long overdue girl's day our car
back there we're going to get it
detailed while we go have some bubble
bubble here why don't we hold hands Oh
girls getting heavy yeah
so the cool thing is that the card
detail place is right over here and then
right back here behind me it's bubble
bubble so we just walk around there's
also a nail salon on the other side a
bubble bubble and that's where we're
going to go for right now so on yes just
a little mini girls day while the boys
are at home resting and playing doing
their boy thing hey Mikey yeah my
favorite part about honey girl time with
symphonies that I get to spend
one-on-one time with her and we just get
to be girls together we don't have to be
big sister or mommy - oh yeah yeah
that's my deal yeah it's fun to just be
mommy and daughter huh yeah you see all
the colors right here
2001 Green this is Trang hi she's the
first person I ever met at bubble bubble
and you guys know that I'm here a lot so
she just moved back from Austin Houston
and you it was something like that oh my
gosh so yummy
I blocked yeah the girls working here
just told me that they're opening up a
bubble bubble in Rockwall so Rockwall
friends you are gonna have to go check
it out this is my absolute favorite
place for coffee Vietnamese coffee is
amazing and the coolest thing is I was
telling them that we do discipleship
with our part you know our partners
force and stuff like that and I was like
oh cool a new meeting place besides life
stuff I was like where everybody goes in
wroclaw or Starbucks but there will be
above a bubble near Nana's house soon
symphony
Symphony has heard a maid we're at the
nail salon now are you ready to pick
your colors well I'm like a lasagna you
wanted pink and lime green mm-hmm ooh
little too hot thank you
does that feel good on your beat yeah
thank you
hey where'd you put your bubbles I'll go
get them for you we do have blue water
these are the colors mommy's going with
where's your notes symphonies are down
there were getting very similar colors
does it little joy don't hit the John
Deere got the laces the feeling jacket
those are some cute piggy she's working
with Peter was full full ethical side
yeah the lady stretcher with your coffee
mommy got matching two symphony just a
little bit
means the vide are done with our
fingernails and to get to our car we
walked right past the hair salon I use
and I don't know if some of you have
seen on my mommy channel I unboxed a
Babyliss curler hair straightener curler
can I don't really like it lately I have
been wearing my hair up and kind of
nappy because I don't like the way my
hair's too curly
just not worth it to me and it pulls my
hair so she was like just come try the
one I have you can trade it so I tried
it and I loved it it's much better with
plans tonight for shantel's
beautiful big birthday I'm so excited
symphonies an exciting mission tel has a
birthday yeah that's where me and daddy
are going tonight while nana is watching
you isn't that so cool midnight cam yeah
so shiny you guys he's putting a format
and I can't wait to see the inside can
you see in there does it look extra
clean okay
let's see where it's all nice and fresh
no more crumbs down there
there's still some in the door though it
smells like it does smell like a pecan
you're right my turns check out my area
like so clean in here
morning guys I wanted to show you the
doors I got them all to fit except one
so I'm going to take one door back and
they give me a little discount on the
doors because of coke several of them
are boat really bad does the bathroom
door doesn't like cute
there's our bedroom door as you can see
I've been planing them out of pain them
like all night last night and get the
bed T like three
so today I slip in quite a bit this one
didn't close you're straight remember
just getting stuck up there playing it
down this one see how sticks out right
there that's what you can do about that
anyway so we got them all to work except
the kitchen door hey he saw you come for
just you got something peeking good so
peaky saw you come towards us with the
camera he's too pretty whining is enough
bad crazy on camera yeah
what's wrong guy are you in a sour mood
of tuna today she's like nothing key
yeah if you like that day yeah thank you
a little bit of nothing and one of
nothing please
oh all right mom's you later how old
kids think you're sure will
oh may just pops on you like it oh yeah
can I try not a single burnt popcorn
Andrew mmm you don't have to mix it no
pop to every seat all right yeah I are
gonna go out game night with couples
from our church ready yes
hi Abram comes to bargain mommy and
daddy yes oh I know this one
Arkell well yeah that was when the share
for us whenever we first moved to coffin
first you go to your office this is your
town just so you know that's a great
chair we made it need sniffing out the
flowers both turning on the classical
music is how you chose Oh Hedda James
oh it's more like no song okay cool and
we got on the border over here spoiling
us tonight
how awesome
tersteeg - hi we're here yeah oh what's
that Mike no so the guys are sitting
over here the girls over here what's
going on here it's all segregated school
she'll she'll turn 20 21 right I thought
it looks like I had Chris hey doing man
you've been working today man well I do
house for today's test
hey your house like it you're picking
stuff up go to so long no card SMP Tommy
whoa
that's always fun literally it's like
got a PD start shakers I'm not picking
up and he's peeing
lynx-o we go to church in here okay girl
yeah
yeah it's so special because
to keep ooh this year we were not common
yes
so happy I mean there's just my career
is rejoicing over the victories that
we've had this past six months since my
diagnosis
and also tumble prayer for the years to
come then I will be cancer-free for many
many years ahead
ahem is going back I got it really--it
yeah you remember doing head shaking
party that was six months ago and now
I'm chemo catch phrase at the doll fish
house always is a blast yeah boy girl
wait another box so it's like I love to
be there and that's fine this is our oh
but I want you to look at your ID extra
chicken meat category is family yes do
we need to do a good player bad player
this is the car
it's my create good jobs let me put this
under the and I'll see it much glacier
well a microscope sorry I just I got the
first one
oh this is like before you eat your
dinner
epic yeah
harder or more its that French name or
German how he named Archer landed on me
she said for I was still in her hands
though
wait nobody got it it's a scary movie
and she don't know by yourself so
quickly there's these are names a home
in this title with a net and a promote
house Alvarez it's Sunday before that ok
slaughterhouse-five yeah you get this
from raw chicken on a cutting board over
the other one who does one people coli
oh oh it's a small little tiny mixer you
so please take our little kids like a
little talk with us okay Oh balls on the
tree that you a corn you can make a
butter I whoa okay we can sorta oh okay
something that you this is the game
where two groups of people who are
relating it together and they argue whoa
man you come back you're a dummy no oh
you just after dinner free bread go
chest
yes guys it's her birthday
no no mercy okay Apple blade oh you have
to kid epic or no like you join Isis
against Altamont expiry that flavor
throws LexA so much I love the girls
sucking em girls one again alright right
here for now what was I gonna do I
wanted a in place have a trust me
everyone really people will stay hosting
no we trust me I had a lot of fajitas
that means oh yeah you're right we don't
have time I know where we gotta sleep we
don't need time we just need a you don't
have an hourglass Rambo not the party
ever not putting them in one container
putting your eggs in a basket like a
combine is it's just one word okay
combining putting it all in one glass
container and shaking it up very lossing
you're good um shaking stirring awesome
e7 yeah what mixing yeah Nick okay so
the month of
there's lots of showers high party
birthday parties for graduation yes you
put this in a type of cooker and it
cooks all day lovin Buffalo yes what I
will it's a song oh my gosh no gestures
okay I will survive yes um you go to
this um state and it's across the water
and then you do the last dance whoo
laughs wait we're doing around yeah okay
and then you're gonna go on a date I'm
really cute you have the chequered
little blanket you lay down whoa cheater
um this is don't use the girl car
monkeys just born puppy got it over you
go to jail your work no Chris you gotta
use this your better side uh Willem
excavate Durocher um eat this side
Oh No thank you for you well we're you
cheated Oh what sweating you just time
to Pokemon so if you could say a phrase
and count it then if I say part of the
words no but you can't say that don't
you kiss hey what didn't work but it was
worth place but don't work isn't for any
parlor Oh who's already long gone we
didn't get this one whose team are you
on the truth toaster you'd put these in
and it's to word okay so what kind of
corn to eat most the time blank corn cob
no no no kales not kernel a popcorn okay
so that word you decide and then you put
it in a toaster and it's a dessert ha ha
ha ha Kate's bunny salami yeah
ah how many'd you get for Wow okay good
girl
your attorney is the best of this game
you really are so I play taboo which is
a more challenging game of what was it
one bit
catch catch phrase and the guys ones no
the girls won well how do you think so
fast man I have a tiny little elf in my
head and he's only this wheel yeah he's
just going crazy man just curse have one
through yeah because I see my car want
you to get me a now on the shelf Marino
on the cerebellum well honey now are you
ready to go see Manos get out of such a
good lap what about you Chris was that
fun one yeah i watch out when we got
Lord for them snakes yeah no I thought
the Loch Ness monster was up north at
the Mitch Q lakes I thought a discovery
you know what I don't know why I thought
oh the Michigan lake not lose yeah just
up north you keep going north you
eventually get to stop it's tough to
Lake laughs that's the ones right oh
yeah Harvey these guys the way your
lariat man come on say something funny
there's something funny oh sorry and
basic I don't use up all my funny
tonight all right we're off to home now
that was
so much fun oh my gosh I was just like
telling sampling we have not got
together with a big group of friends and
head game night and so long and at one
point he was like all right it's time to
go before we play taboo and I was so
disappointed on the inside like no
understand it was time to go like to go
you'll see when you wash anyway it was
just awesome I had so much fun happy
birthday Chell we love you so happy that
you're here with us don't forget we love
you and remember
you
you
