yeah
that poor tyke
nothing
I take my sponsor take them all I can
make them very small pulling back now
one two three now all my spots are back
with me tell me tell me nine you too you
are my brother you are my sister
by the same guy nobody say
we've got to give
well
and this together morning guys
we're trying to get an early start today
you know it's already 10 o'clock I was
trying to get up at 8 get started take
the doors down right when the kids got
up out of bed so I could take those two
in when almost to pick up the other
doors but I flip in because Abram you
are you you were a bad little boy that's
9 Creek right he he he was crazy last
night me now were taking turns I would
in the first then she went in there she
couldn't control him then I'm back in
and fixed it all in and all better
it's ok no it's like I swear when I go
in his room in the middle of the night
it just like makes him more mad and I've
heard other moms say that about their
babies who nurse still and I'm like it's
true well I made him more mad when I
first won in there yeah I mean he was
furious she's like ah yeah kind of
breathe and then though me Anthony had
left and it got really bad he started
like gagging cuz he's crying so hard
yesterday she woke me up very early
dragged me out of bed and had me record
her open up this new play-doh set yeah
we got to start your new channel person
he already did start it well you started
making videos but we haven't actually
made the channel on YouTube well guess
what
what what my change code Tiffany's life
Symphony the world of symphonies world
ok well that way you want to call mm-hmm
okay
Oh mark my cuties well Bob yeah look at
him do this job
Abram got up on the sill to help me wipe
the counters off and he started saying
camera camera over and over again he
wanted you guys to see him helping but a
good helper I'm at my mom yeah I'm at
guys look at this I'm cleaning up the
kitchen and look at this weird bug that
just walked out of nowhere I'm telling
you
everybody oh here's a paper towel what
you can do with that oh you're gonna get
the bug for me
should I move the pay the plate are you
gonna get him for me but do you want to
get the bug for Mama oh my gosh look
guys he's still alive
he tried walking away that's crazy
dead now I thought you were gonna get it
for me no I lifted the plate up they
were like no thank you
I'll just play with my little thing I
was doing over here we have doors I
really wanted to get the double panel
doors I think they're called shake and
shaker shake your point we're Cheyenne
style works on like that but they make
this a vagina special order oh that
looks so cute I love it
that's just the story the other ones
were six panel Oh
oh that's cute too that's what you mean
when you say six panel what was the
other option a four panel and they could
but they couldn't do that make this work
that's only do they get it make it that
style oh and the whole point of me doing
this so I have uniformed or yeah I see
what you mean can you turn around oh my
goodness you're so cute do a twirl
oh hey ro
oh my goodness eyes 3t it fits like okay
around him that's hilarious
hi it's you tight go outside show daddy
your skirt I want to see daddy's
reaction he wants to show you his outfit
daddy I'm gonna win big there you go
guys goddess only won't even get with
Johnny's eyes
huh
he's gonna be mad at me that I got that
shot but it's funny the kids trying to
sleep with no doors I just take angels
door he came out sounds like man what
are you gonna do about my door I can't
go without a bathroom door I was like oh
shoot I forgot about that door so I went
and took his door off now he doesn't
have a bathroom door someone have all
the doors ready to paint at once as you
can see this is where I'm doing my job
it's calling me quite a job to get all
the stores up all right here we go
I'm gonna start painting this gray I'm
really excited about this step things
for the top of the house
you
you
well there it is guys I'm all done with
the porch painted it slate gray I'm up
to do the sides in the back another day
because I got to do the doors on doors
already got to go pick up the doors put
them out there and spray those and get
Andrews door at least up by tonight
because he's kind of freaking out about
not having his privacy I'm so thirsty
and I can't get me his attention because
she's editing vlog for today thirsty but
they're not a good guys
dang looks awesome man I'm excited
here's Hector on the reefs what's up
guys thanks for getting my doors done so
fast
alright these are the guys doing all my
doors that spit out in my order fish I
really appreciate you guys that must be
injured or is that a bee
I myself I guess I'll put the camera
down and help but I just want to get
these guys they've been so helpful this
must be angels bathroom door the one
who's been waiting for what do you guys
think love it
symphonie was trying to pick out what
color she couldn't quite decide tell
daddy what your what your predicament
was
baby baby baby
no just slate-gray come on Ava and step
on it's okay yeah do you like it one of
those big shot in the other one oh no
way
yeah you like get a room you like it
you
you
man feels like a hundred degrees out
here it's actually about 93 four o'clock
in the afternoon I got to get this done
by the end of the day I have to ask my
deadline the end of the day but I got
the first coat pull this off nice windy
day really hot this is dry pretty quick
I'm going to the second coat and I got a
probably wait at least an hour and then
flip them all over that part can be
tricky to them afraid when I flip them
over I'm gonna like it suspect at the
top to see what happens ticking on my
phone a little notch that fro on my
phone we have what is it buddy
easy wishy was she watching me see busy
oh oh so crazy
yay
I ran out of pink me wonder go give me
another gallon khlo I got a baby sit and
take over cooking for a minute not
babysit but daddy duty I know I just
thought maybe soon cuz I'm bad sissy
come look at Abraham he wants to you to
see I did that
qt5 tiffany loves her new door Sam
worked so hard on these doors you guys
it looks incredible in our hallway I
love it
I'll let him tell you about the details
and all that went into the doors or some
stuff that happens but yeah well life is
full of disappointments and summer three
of those like three doors or Foe was so
bad I don't know why it it noticed it
before I painted them that they weren't
even close three doors are bigger door
check it out
awesome yeah you're just good babe you
want four-letter if you look from over
there can I see that
yeah you guys see how it goes like you
know it's pretty much like a I'm
thankful that the kids those clothes
just fine given the our boat a little
bit their clothes
they look so pretty about the door I'm
gonna have to shave some off because
it's oh it doesn't close you big first
of all this little guy is in here he's
so cute
needless to say I got a lot of work
ahead of me still open that up I'm glad
I got all the doors in the house because
it started pouring rain outside after I
took the lobster would you like to get
down sister first you in town slash
lecture oh so cute he's shirtless like
his dad on the other side right those
are nice doorknob Sam you're polluting
you don't work it's not black it's more
like bronze yeah it's pretty
no man he's just like you Sam
can you push on that back knob for me
see there you go yeah hold your place
yeah
hold it right there anyway you should
put the screws on the inside we're gonna
do you have a doorknob yeah no I feel so
sweet you can't prove it yet okay oh
you're gonna help daddy here at the big
screwdriver
this guy's adamant about helping me Oh
what you're gonna work on those hinges
can you work on this for me can you work
on that yeah we're from that for me
you got it uh oh yeah thank you thank
you mister good so these drawers are
good I got the handles on them and I'm
just so glad that these ones working
perfectly fine that one's fine this
one's good messy room but I do need to
clean up little doors cuz it dogs
trampled on him as you can see this door
fits good that's the finished product
and we'll go around put some more door
handles on oh thank you mister hey no no
no don't do that don't put on the doors
see here's angels door look how bad this
door got it from the dogs does this one
fit yeah I need to shave some of them
because we're doing that well that's it
for today guys we're gonna say good
night I got a lot of work ahead of me
again and I'm just not really control
chat at all I'm sorry that happened okay
it looks before give you you forgive me
yeah Raja my hair is crazy we have
something really fun planned for
tomorrow so you guys have to come back
the next day so that you can see what's
going on what is it oh my gosh I have to
fix my hair before I can keep going it
looks terrible alright guys don't forget
we love you um I wanted to tell you
before I do that I want you to tell you
that tomorrow can move Oh mommy go on a
girls day no maybe maybe gotta get right
over to what your door
but they missed
we shout
