can you say good morning how was your
cereal was it good it sure looks like it
was good how was your cereal do you rest
yeah that's what a delicious cold cereal
looks like you're not gonna drink the
milk today mine is pink milk that's not
just going in there morning guys this
morning we're doing some plumbing
special old friend of mine doing the
plumbing
he's replacing our toilet I'm filming
did you know we have a vlog no you
didn't know that we do daily vlogs on
YouTube today yep
this is David if you guys need plumbing
in the Dallas area he's the guy to call
the name of the business plumb perfect
it's pretty cool too so what do you
think of that down there there you see
he wasn't a professional what come on
now
yeah it's so credit what do you think
have you seen anything like it and I've
never seen anything like have you really
not that doesn't mean a good thing God
you know everybody clamp up it's not
like that you know it's starting to link
so I'm having him replacement it
starting to even change shape a little
bit sort of like droop it was sticking
straight out at first as you can see it
started drip the add a pop rode it off
the plumbers having to leave because
once again our old house has additional
problems we've run into this so many
times since we've owned this house come
get repairs on it and repairment have to
leave and go get additional supplies
because they run into something else
because we have all old piping
underneath the house old plumbing
everything's old
you need a nice cold one on your legs
why my face are you guys eating
I see so early in the morning daddy now
time for my ring okay here we go get it
nice and cool so this morning I went met
with youth and we did our little Bible
study together what actually was in a
Bible study we both picked out a verse
that stood out to us about a couple last
couple weeks and we discussed it with
each other what it meant to us and we
met at Starbucks and I left my wallet
there there's about 40 minutes away from
here and I just called him and he
checked to see if there was still in the
chair that we were sitting at we're
sitting outside and it was still in the
chair got lucky
can you believe that with my wallet
sitting in a chair at Starbucks and
nobody took it you know how much cash I
had in that wallet this many zero zero
yeah that's a lot of money huh yeah we
get almonds oh yeah
I had a couple checks in there my
license and other stuff of course all my
credit cards but yeah yum-yum-yum yeah
but I think it was more like guys like I
came to visit this is Ellen in the red
shirt and Molly Beth in the mob shirt
we're visiting until awesome you guys
live in Austin so and you're visiting
your grandma just down here for just a
little summer visit oh cool Abram is
like not feeling outside all day
can you say hi to our viewers say bye
guys I just feel embarrassing I'm like
in my pajamas literally I have not done
anything today except work on church
stuff I've been sitting at the computer
like all morning Abrams playing
excitement with us he keeps doing his
excited face it's me and Tiffany always
laugh I say ready Abram go oh Fish Face
tell him to do it again Symphony Tom hey
Cece oh he was a fish kiss oh you guys
got to see how Abram eats a corn dog
needs it like it's like corn on the cob
don't you
was it good symphony
hi did we get a package thank you so
much
we gotta go check our P o box huh a
couple you guys said you sent the stuff
so what have I been doing today guys you
want to know I've been putting up this
little trim here on the side took me
forever I got all the window trim put up
now I got to go around and fill the gaps
here's the trim on the window so it
looks like it's pretty good just got a
fill on the inside
what's a mud you okay okay okay stop
Annie Annie stop got a little fight you
okay
you guys okay well you got over that
fast Annie come on guys you guys are
besties make up Annie stop sizing her up
look at her Annie oh yeah that's right
kissing makeup they have their own
dishes and they still fight over them
Annie down she's going crazy right now
the usual she knows we're down means
I've trained her
I'll come out here after work and play
with them a little bit and she knows not
to jump on me I've got her trained as
far as staying down and it's happening
out of nowhere I think they heard me in
the front talking and they were trying
to get to the fence at the same time or
something you're not gonna die I might
die you're gonna die if you don't go get
that shot am i down the way up there I'm
too tired to drive on the road you need
to go now honey I am going on 18 hours
no sleep okay you're gonna be going on
more you're gonna go on on zero sleep
for the rest of my life you're gonna be
in the ground you won't have a chance to
sleep any more you'll die I want to
develop a fever by now if I devote
meningitis night it's true so guys I got
some really sad news I was exposed to
bacterial meningitis that my work
I remember had this happen to me before
I feel a little bit worried I have big
dreams big aspirations a lot of plans
for my life
and God willing they'll all come to
fruition crucian I'm a little bit
nervous I possibly have bacterial
meningitis right now so I need to go up
there and get this shot of antibiotics
500 of cipro it's just I am injection
I'm sure or pee oh I'm not sure which
one I do you got to take it like that
you really do because if you don't
you'll die sad I don't want to die now
but anyway for those of you who don't
know what bacterial meningitis is it's
an infection of the spinal cord okay
the meninges it's a membrane around the
cord the spinal cord and the brain and
it can either be viral or bacterial
bacterial as I'm more treatable so
that's good news a mom development in
gitis and she was hospitalized for and I
thought she's gonna die
I thought for sure she was gonna die it
was bad but um yeah it's pretty serious
so I'm gonna go up there and get my set
bro after the kids get up we have two
hours until I get infected himself what
you reading over there faithful cubs
reader Timmy how can do it look at
babies any makeup Cole little update my
friend Christina who I took the food to
yesterday text me or she messaged me on
Facebook and said that the food was
delicious
so I'm glad to hear that so so relieved
what did you think about those girls
coming to visit us today those viewers
now still crazy look at our first meal
over each warehouse yeah it was were you
happy to see the girls today that was so
neat that they came over you acted so
shy buddy man Oh Symphony what did you
just come over here for that was so
sweet that was such a good Big Sisters
thing to do I'm so proud of you you're
so the way you're gonna make such a good
mommy one day what do you think your
kids will call me maybe I want to be
called Mimi do you think you could teach
your kids to call me Mimi
I had a Mimi growing up you you met her
one time when you were teeny teeny teeny
teeny teeny tiny drinks and ready to go
I just got a last-minute order for 4th
of July for a wreath and I am gonna go
grab some supplies because Sam that's
right he just went to sleep there's no
doors that kids are being loud it's hot
outside and we're just gonna go get the
supplies Walmart selection is definitely
slimmer than Hobby Lobby but Hobby Lobby
is too far away I didn't really want to
go there there's time of the day it's
like 6 o'clock at night so here is I
think what I'm gonna go with I got this
red mesh some navy and white stripes
clusters of carnations and then put like
a flag like a mini flag on there I've
also got some stuff at home I'm gonna
make like a big burlap bow out of and
you're gonna go there you know what's
actually in those like not outfits
patterns to make these outfits so cool
frozen oh these are for your doll we
can't do you know why because I don't
know how to sew that I'm told Symphony
that she could get some play-doh and
crank cutters or something like that to
do her little Play Doh videos with hey
this game isn't very fun symphonies
picking her play-doh colors over there
and hey Brom what makes you think you
should get the ball you want to do is
drop it
what colors do you want I like this
color but none of these colors I do want
white but no black why do you want white
don't you think that'll get dirty
I think Symphony has decided on one of
these buckets no wait she just saw
something else she's like what is it
baby what is that it's a little Sophia
that comes in mommy's sparkly color let
me see you just get Sophia a
cookie-cutter yeah you can make jewels
for her necklace thing alright she's
gonna go with Sofia the first play-doh
set for her little play-doh video she's
been making she's been having so much
fun making those videos that Sam wanted
her to have some options to go with this
whole time we've been using homemade
playdough and like actual cookie cutters
that we use for hair baking so see him
thought why not just get her something
that's actually playdough related for
her in her videos what is this
make it sing and dance oh push his foot
right there Avram
are you kidding me they're so terrible
right here in the kids aisle they'd have
a toy that plays that wobble baby song
oh my gosh that disgusts me I should go
talk to someone about that Walmart you
should be ashamed
alright Symphony's looking for Milan
where is she who was it show me my
Sleeping Beauty okay one of the Seven
Dwarves and oh no way I got a match
thank you thank you I be I got this one
again and this one okay the pullover is
born again mad man okay guys it's nearly
nine o'clock and the kids are definitely
usually Abraham's in bed by now but this
game is last night for bird for birth
one two three go did we get a match move
on good job so three go oh I got a match
I Symphony definitely won that round of
match now she is all tucked into bed and
she wants to recite the Lord's Prayer
for you guys are you ready do you want
me to help you out okay our our Father
who are in heaven hallowed be thy name
9 we're dying section them and the power
and the glory forever
Wow good job baby I'm so proud of you
thank you for coming along with us today
we had a pretty fun day a very relaxed
evening while daddy was sleeping and if
you liked this video please give it a
thumbs up and don't forget
what a mess
