okay Oh Sam y'all hmm guys something
wrong my chest
I think it's caustic by the same guy
but a stage
to give
together I got him I got him I bet that
match of truck driver Oh meat meat meat
look he on read your book why drag you
you're just gonna read his book like
it's very ground you're gonna go again
no yeah you do watch yeah you're just
putting hard to get good morning guys
how's everyone doing today today I'm
doing a little project of turning my
jeans that I no longer wear into shorts
that are appropriate for moms and just
girls in general I know wear short
shorts and I have a lot of them from
when I used to wear short shorts and
seriously like nowhere sells the length
of shorts that I like to wear so I'm
taking a pair of my older jeans these
are for maurices I've had them for like
two or three years now almost three
years I guess
and they're a good brand they have
really nice detailed pockets and I don't
know anyway so I'm gonna cut them off
into Bermuda shorts and I will kind of
show you guys how I'm gonna do it
so I'm cutting each inseam at about 13
inches long and I'm just I kind of
guesstimate it at that I didn't measure
it like on my leg or anything but I know
where the knee of my jeans are at just
from wearing them so much so I'm go
ahead and cut those and then I'm giving
it a little extra space I'm cutting it
down to my knee so that I can roll it a
couple times up to the link that I want
it to be how many wines juice why did
you get all this water from oh my
goodness you made a big fat mess
Abraham's trying to help mommy clean up
the mess he made he's so cute
good job buddy
clean your good cleaner here's the full
effect guys they do the job that's what
matters
we're totally like that Excel place the
legs are real wide and they have like a
cup on the bottom of them genius I
pretty much just were sketching our
Jackie I have no use for a good thick
wide like James yeah
Tiffany do you like my shorts did you
see me cutting them yeah do you like the
way they look my only kind of I know
right I kind of don't like that either
about them they're kind of like
distressed in the weirdest spot but
whatever I'm taking some dinner to a new
church member that is merging with us
from Emmaus and merging it to reach and
her name is Christina and I've never
been to her house before I feel a little
nervous that we're taking them food
y'all know me I am NOT very confident
about my cooking and I'm like oh my
goodness so I'm making her like a basil
pesto Italian pasta and I'm using the
stuffed tortellini for the pasta she'll
wanna do going oh you want a vitamin you
already had one today baby you can't
have any more vitamins I'm getting it
little face
food is so special walking around the
house and you just look over into your
little face peeking up hey cutie pie
what are y'all doing out here
we had a horrible time at Abram at
dinnertime he did not wanna eat dinner
and finally we just let him scream at
the dinner table we just put him in a
chair with lime screaming and about ten
minutes later he ate his dinner and now
the kids are having Isis this is the
basil tortellini pasta it made like a
basil oil sauce and there is chicken
herb chicken stuffed in the tortellini
shells it smells delicious
even though I am full from the
enchiladas that still smells delicious
so hopefully it turns out good in the
family likes it because I'm super
nervous that they're not going to daddy
is so sweet he took the old car and he's
letting mommy use the newer bigger car
are you ready to go Abram gets so cranky
in the car
pick out one thing to do at each red
light so this time and do my concealer
put it on area as I need it I'm gonna do
my cheeks still red I'm not even kidding
I met a really long one this one takes
forever red again green
hello it's green no makeup at this light
but this is how I do my makeup I just
wait for the red lights and where I'm
going today
there's always a ton of red light so I
know I can get my full makeup done which
is nothing practically
okay guys so I just drop the food off so
now we have an unexpected and Sam left
his phone at the house so I am going to
take it to him but I'm going to disguise
it because I think he's working with
someone tonight who's a little strict
about having phones but I know that for
Sam having his phone at work helps him
make it through that 12-hour shift
because they have really slow time
sometimes or they'll have really crazy
time so when he takes his break he'll
want to catch up on you know commenting
on YouTube Instagram reading he likes to
read a lot at work I know he has several
books on his phone that he keeps up with
I don't know but I'm going to get him a
coffee from Starbucks and a cookie I'm
gonna put it down in the cookie bag
separated by a paper towel so that it
doesn't get chocolatey or whatever I'm
gonna take it to him he'll be so
surprised hopefully thank you - all
right see there and another layer paper
towels tried it this guy's pretty good
in there for Sammy Jo daddy
I hit it cuz you're working with
you-know-who I'm sorry bring daddy
treats and the kids just want to take it
off from him Abraham
oh goodness his hair's a mess even in
the car for a while oh ho that's so
excited he does look like a summer boy
huh yeah we're rolling babe give us a
tour try not to get any patients in the
shop okay so those two waiting rooms two
sides of the ER to be over there oh
that's what they meant she was like he's
in yellow right now I was like okay oh
the lady at the front desk I didn't know
where to go so she's like mrs. Reiter is
a we have to leave Sam now
all right buddy let's go what are you
doing you monkey this isn't the jungle
gym
come here monkey when I want to
playground Hospital case a hospital a
broom can you say hospital can you say
hospital why you see a one alright guys
well we are home from hospital thank you
so much for hanging out with us today
