oh here we got your fire truck hey come
here one poster with you come here
I put batteries in it around this
morning look camera feet go get the fire
truck is that your little pile of Fruity
Pebbles hey room say tattoo Adam shoes
that you do what do you out of syllable
thank you who says we do say fruity
pebble hey why are you crushing on man
trying to make a bigger mess for mommy
hey bro that's all this book at my work
laying around called bike ad he made
simple or something like that was like a
thick book on a DD just a TD and I just
over the middle of it I said yeah it's
hot blow it and I started reading right
in the middle of it and the first fact
that I read about a TD was identical
twins have an 80% chance of having a TD
now are 80% more likely than not an
identical twin of developing a TD I've
always thought I had anything never been
diagnosed with it but just so you guys
know that you know I have a lot of
trouble getting expressing myself yeah
my boss oh nice Tiffany was your close
this morning
what I do my comedy because I'm naked
get you in the shot okay I just got your
head in the shot see I'm always putting
on shirt anyway see I've just got your
head in the shop
good job Kiki but one thing that we
taught something had a really early age
was to be self aware her you know her
body and her privacy and Sam's mom
helped advocate her privacy and stuff
too and I'm really proud that we did
that I've been reading this article
surfacing around talk about this little
girl a she who was amused by her stepdad
to be or something like that it's just
so scary just when you don't teach your
children to be self aware of their
private areas in their whole body like
even like you know the touch of a
child's hair can be creepy if it's the
wrong person in the wrong setting issues
mm-hmm
so much to teach our kids to be aware of
themselves soapbox now good morning guys
so the kids are going out those is a
dream I thought it was it really wasn't
dreams somebody came up to me this
morning said I also part of my dream was
I found both my Hello Kitty shoes then
she went a room and saw that she
actually did find him in real life
wasn't dream after all huh she's on my
feet now yeah the closer it got me there
so it's kind of working out that they're
leaving so early because I got to go to
bed and there's no
doors in the house there's no way I'd be
able to sleep with no kitchen door and
no bedroom door because this is where
mostly the hangout up what are we going
to do tomorrow when I go to sleep how do
you do your grocery shopping I usually
do the early in the morning like we're
usually going to the morning part we
come back at NetFlow fine then well I'll
miss you guys and see you later
don't forget guys the love you remember
to love each other okay Stephanie
remember love your brother and your mama
Abram come say bye to your dad yeah hey
did you know cuz somebody your dad dad
hello buh-buh-buh hey guys I'm here with
Katy again we're finishing up her
wedding crafts like how cute that
bouquets looking we have our little
flowers how many days are you counting
down oh I know it's like a week and a
half so you're gonna get started on some
lace I have no idea what I'm doing here
we're gonna try to bunch it up to go
around like the bottom stem of her
bouquet yeah right there so I'm gonna
try that out we've done most of this
without Pinterest help too
I got to say yeah I'm proud of us I'm
pretty good
so I'm leaving and I'm gonna go get the
kids and maybe a bite to eat before I
head home because it's their naptime and
at this time when they take their nap is
when I kind of prepare our vlog for the
4 5 p.m. tonight but everywhere here's
my car can you see it it's really dark
and see the yellow line wheels over it
whoo I did such a bad job oh my gosh
worse than I realized all this mud I
gotta go through I forgot to tell you
guys I have to drop the kids off in
Dina's house here to pick that buddy
did I hear me talking yeah facepaint
over what hey what right did you have
fun but oh I am fine sharing something
like five videos and pictures while was
that Katie's house working and I said
that I open them up and watch themselves
busy Stephanie are you ready to go by
Symphony made this one shoes that Nana's
what is it oh yeah what is it
yeah what is this you're gonna leave it
here while while you wait to finish it
do you have to finish it before you know
what it is I love it that's so cute Nana
has all kinds of fun stuff here for the
kids
all these cubbies a whole playroom in
here more cubbies your endless fun for
them a brownian already cleaning
guys it is so hot out today I feel like
I just need to take a big jump into a
swimming pool - you let making trouble
daddy don't start making trouble
well can I do a plain old video sure I'm
going to be making to play over on to
play on y'all
oh they're at one of the Lego doll in
one in aquaponics Oh
Carson burgers on if I have the Lego
characters I'm blue I'm making a cake
one day rare fish I was off I
accidentally mixed it up with purple
berry burgers and boo boo is me so now
I'm gonna get started you gonna start
one yeah yes
hey so whoa I don't put it back in there
groans first you do this what happened a
broom weapon eat another one let's
Marcus squirt and address nope I'm not
done yet
okay so um daddy turn off the camera but
I had one more than I was gonna do so
you do the same way you lifter her arms
up like I did with sleeping beauty and
then you get your little circle now you
have your any baby one not too big of a
mount then you'll put it right on the
back of her see that's like that well
you might wanna do it differently cuz um
might wanna what is this kind like this
and I put a hole in it like this no hole
come on then bye
is it doing in another world yes
they're pulling here he's in there Pole
hey our kids invaded the neighbours
little swimming pool little invaders
there's a little baby Abraham's age so
keep seeing him play and he gonna play
in the water
what a mess maker I was just in the
house packing Sam's lunch and all of a
sudden he says the kids are at the
neighbor's pool I'm like what they don't
even have a pool are you talking about I
walk outside and they're all over here
playing crazies crazy little Finding
Nemo diapers Abram hands I got to use
these yet but he's starting swim class
soon I'm supposed to go sign them up
here in like ten minutes but the kids
are swimming at the neighbor's house
randomly out of nowhere oh you can get
as white as you want
oh you too bud they're so cute
that's it kinda my fam love you your
daddy's leaving and you're not gonna go
give him kisses tell daddy bye can you
say bye dad huh
waah waah they're checking our house out
major right now they've been walking
I've been watching that guy he keeps
looking at the house and telling its
wife something it's really funny but
we're headed to go sign up the kids for
swim class from eating sandy they're you
buckled up Symphony and Cofer going to
be in the same class and April is going
to be doing the parent talk class this
year it's gonna be a lot of fun
hey did I always forget or the pool is I
always forget well I almost turned into
the baseball field once oh you're not
alone
we went although I just soccer field I'm
like I guess not it
oh well cufflink got symphony out there
class is in session and Abram thinks
they're all for him I did it we're not
going in the water I know buddy
I know you wish you could but not today
in a few weeks we'll be swimming in here
and learning how to swim what do you
think you're going to do that is a pool
okay
doesn't that look fun you guys like
Symphony incomes have been swim class
here since they were like 18 months old
which is about Abraham's age a little
bit younger so they feel like the big
kids here who know the scoop I'm gonna
make it neighbor just thinks he rules
this place so I'm doing a little mayor
feet I've been tired buying gun fighting
zombies when were you fighting zombies
you know what Symphony just said to me
I've been so tired of fighting the
zombies mom oh goodness
that's way out of here when she plays it
tough check it out got all my boxes here
I'm getting ready to finish putting
addresses and labels on them and then
stack them up and have them ready for my
shipment day which is Friday so that's
what I'm about to do hope you guys have
all had an awesome day with us thanks
for coming along if you liked our video
today give it a thumbs up and make sure
to subscribe we do daily vlogs every day
and our family is always doing something
fun and crazy don't forget guys we love
you and remember to love each other
