hey guys how's it going today we're
starting our vlog kind of late in the
day Sam didn't get to make it to church
with us this morning so it was just me
and the kids I had all of my lesson
plans and stuff for church so it just
wasn't really room for me to hold the
camera up and vlog but we've had a
pretty good start to our day my dad is
pretty sick and we didn't make it to his
house for Father's Day because my mom
was very insistent that the kids are not
around either one of them while he's
sick so since Sam already has all of his
Father's Day presents I'm trying to talk
quiet in case I wake him up I'm going to
prank him I took a pregnancy test
earlier today feeling kind of weird
extra tired a little nauseated but also
like no it just different so um I took
one it's negative but I don't think he
knows the difference between a negative
and a positive test without looking at
the directions like I don't even know
that so I'm going to wrap it up and give
it to him and get his reaction just
leave it right there for it
my sister made by the same guy
by the same
got to give
where I won't
in this together and really all day and
the kids have been sleeping a lot
something you just woke up don't wake up
paper
hmm
yeah
come here
you sleep in too long today naptime
frosty you got cold alright guys so Sam
is getting ready for work and I have one
last present to give him for Father's
Day that he is no idea about
you're almost done in there cutie my
underwear oh all right best father ever
come have a seat over president one more
present first you open the present then
you open the little handmade card
because you don't like cards so like
hers not rules yeah and made very very
homemade listen sighs hmm mom tell me
now I tell you I don't even know what
she's telling me don't say anything
about it Symphony you're come on really
mmm
are you seriously pregnant what this is
how you talk open up the card get to do
the wallet jump everywhere this is like
so my signature break Oh totally got
don't worry guys it's totally negative
just kidding it's negative Wow totally
got you I was shaking I'm not good at
pranks I'm not good at doing pranks yeah
say nothing no it would have a plus sign
if it was pregnant
all right see it says pregnant one of
the plus sign and negative with a
negative sign but I really didn't think
he had John to that I thought he would
get rid so I was right
trick jaw cheek no cheek junction oh you
ever had a never pregnant
you can't I don't know story behind the
pregnancy test so when did you take the
pregnancy
I took it today I really was feeling
like weirdly nauseated and tired and
sometimes take one even knows negative I
don't know why I go through phases where
I know oh my get you back alright anyway
so back story behind if I didn't is well
I took it at Walmart today I really felt
like I was I was pregnant and I wanted
to give Sam a positive test on Father's
Day I thought that'd be a perfect gift
and so I decided just take it I will
anything to go pee anyway so I just took
out Walmart and Symphony was like mommy
please have a sister for me like she was
so involved yeah I had to pee anyways I
just took it I really thought I was I
was like oh he's got to take it I just
neo and I wanted to buy you like a gift
like I was going to buy like a onesie
and a like a Pasi and stuff to go in the
gift bag but back again by the ring I
woke up and on my trim was soaking wet
put it on its side
just one little gust and and Domino fix
go knock them all down kids over there
at the neighbors hey bruh
where's everyone gone
can you guys believe I gotta go to work
on Father's Day I can believe it because
I work every Sunday huh that's why we
celebrated yesterday yeah that's what we
did yesterday some reason past couple of
nights I couldn't sleep so I woke up
this mine to go to church I just
couldn't do it couldn't bring myself to
doing it you know I really wanted to go
with you guys did you guys have a
Father's Day sermon I hate you to be in
the surgery oh it's right you had to
cover for our mall cause Sheena got your
cheaper yeah she woke up in pain and
then I slept too long today I woke up
with a bilateral temporal temporal
migraine come say bye to your father
of course you do come here Abram no she
don't say as far as they right mm-hmm
where'd you get me where you go a little
play-doh flower Oh in this thing sitting
Mamie and play-doh flower today you said
it for fathers huh you said it for
Father's Day
well I'm sorry just heat when we play
with play-doh oh it's a pretend present
mm-hmm I don't really like pretend
present Tiffany had two choices for her
dessert an apple or an Oreo and she
actually chose the Apple I'm so proud of
you good
hey I'm on the other hand chose a sucker
but hey I think that's even better than
a cookie all right guys so it's almost
bedtime the carrots are rolling in
mommy's bed and I'm going to ask
Symphony some questions about my daddy
it's Symphony I'm gonna ask you quite a
few questions and you have to say
exactly what you think about your daddy
all right what is a what is something
daddy always says he he always says I
love you and I love you and buy wedding
clothes two words okay what makes daddy
happy when I give them Hyneman kiss that
does make him happy what makes daddy sad
even once to wash the blesser of him and
um he needs to work on something that's
really happy and it makes him sad I
don't understand that one but let's move
on what does your daddy do to make you
laugh I get burned by tickling ah
what was your daddy like as a kid I have
no idea mm-hmm
how old is your dad why did I 15 ha ha
ha daddy's 29
oh I think this guy's ready for bed are
you a gonna Abram mmm
lady 990 okay how tall is your daddy I'm
like seven whoa daddy's tall huh all
right we had to put him to bed he was
just not feeling it what does daddy do
when you are not around
he works in his watch oh that's a good
one if daddy becomes famous what will it
be for ll be for when it's more when
mommy go dance when we go dancing okay
what is daddy really good at you really
good at Oh is he oh yeah what does
daddy do for a job
hmm he'd be there that's right
what is daddy's favorite food daddy's
favorite food is sandwiches sandwiches
ha ha ha what makes you proud of your
daddy when he gets so many tickets uh um
um Chuckie Cheese
okay if daddy was a character like a
cartoon character who would he be he
would be I believe you
Vica I'm Lightning McQueen Oh Oh know
who I would be who I'd be Arial oh I
think so too
oh you would be who you would be t on
why would I be Tiana do I look like
Tiana kind I do
Carrie you are so silly okay
would he be he would be hmm
Ariel's mom me Dad
okay how do you know daddy loves you cuz
he always says it Jenny do you want to
say anything special to Daddy for today
for Father's Day on the camera love you
daddy
and I hope you have a great night at
work and if you do Texas and then we'll
text you back alright guys well thanks
for joining us today for this Father's
Day is kind of a different type of
Father's Day I didn't get to see my dad
and I also didn't get to spend the day
with Sam but we did spend the day
together yesterday and we had a nice
stay at home with the family it was
rainy we went to church together and it
was just some good time so we'll be back
tomorrow for more fun and don't forget
guys we love you and remember come come
thank you buthe watching and remember to
love each other bye guys
but they missed
what they missed
