hey guys so it's my father's day and I
get to decide where we go next okay and
I love being a father's you got this
thing absolute greatest thing and I want
to go somewhere where I can play with
you guys interact with you and have a
lot of fun where I can have fun and you
guys have fun so what's a good place for
that
how about chuck-e-cheese my brother you
are my sister
by the same guy love butter stay
to live
we've got to give
and this together morning everyone daddy
is sleeping in he was up all night long
and symphony and I are playing doc
McStuffins Domino's or match game I need
to see if I can find a Hallie a doc the
gang or stuffy right here so I'm gonna
draw this card I have the gang in the
bag oh we matched set up down there for
me you might have to turn it sideways so
does it hang off there you go
I'm so proud of you give me five whoa
yeah give me fast a a sissy is little
she won the game so while daddy's
getting his rest and mommy's getting
ready to make him special breakfast
symphony is making a craft for daddy she
wanted to make this football she drew it
on her light box and we're filling in
the fruit with color paper
what fruit you working on right now that
looks really cool baby that he's gonna
love it
Abram supposed to be working on his
craft - he wanted to color a bus since
that's him and daddy's show together but
he's going to just snack it and being
silly get crackers all over his face Oh
Symphony just gave daddy his craft do
you like it daddy oh I just asked him
says were blueberries thank you she
they're grapes
yeah she went around to me grapes okay
so cool your itten decided she wanted to
cover it up and write the thing down
here this is the final product this was
all Symphony's idea I suggested drawing
something for you on the light box which
I said Oh what about a fruit bowl oh
really
yeah it was so cute she wanted to do
that yeah daddy and Symphony you're
gonna have breakfast in bed and I guess
me and Abram will have breakfast at the
table
maybe we'll join them I don't know and
the Gabe remand Oh breakfast in bed you
draw me a bus or do you just tell the
team I carry the tea and
good need a little bit of scribbling on
there but this is a daddy put the shirt
on in the morning with one fell swoop do
you like it
looking good this is Sam's father's they
look for today
all right kids here comes your daddy I
want some applause hugs and kisses
hold on claps oh your kisses oh you ran
to you good job says daddy knowledge
fathers get ya mean symphony got this
whole dog for yard you just wants to see
Annie daddy down come here and motion
with Abram fuck you oh we have a picture
like this of them whenever um Annie was
a baby not just that doggy tree but
Annie when she comes in the house she
needs her shampoo that shampoo mm-hmm
this is dog shampoo yeah you don't wash
it off it's dry shampoo no it's just to
help with odor we go girl you smell like
a lady now oh she doesn't like it whoa
she knows that I forgave put that in
your hand say see it
Paula set Annie said you know thank you
and look sit sir good job Annie
yeah what'd you see good job hey from
Lowe's having her in those yeah he just
makes there you go Annie finish our
leftover scraps good job
poor Oreo wants to come into here time
no she won't come
hey sit Annie yeah you got a show to
show the tree sure the tree
she just did it but you guys say it
again Annie sit down a nice it yeah
Danny we going Annie you want treat
there you go good girl
Oh know what I'm gonna do to her what
okay one guy's happy fellas a to me and
I hope everything but is having a great
day on my father somebody's at the door
hi man what's up man we are having a big
event in our church and we're just
inviting a lot of people out to this
June 28th water rides oh man dude is
like four five thousand people there's
water games so cool we're out in
volleyball Oh
Lake Shore two of five anyway as I was
saying guys I hope everybody's having a
great day today today I started to
regrow our tiles and our bathroom shower
because because we have a lot of grime
in there that we can't get up for
nothing and I think the only way for us
to get rid of it is to regrow out the
whole shower so I sort of just lay grout
over on top of the old grout and it's
not working out at all it's not
concealing it because there's not enough
space in there I can take out the grout
with a special blade and all that it
just sounds like crazy work if I'm going
to do that I'll just replace the tiles
all together but is there a way to get
that grime out of the showers I would
love your suggestions see here's the
shower I've been working on it see it
looks I guess it looks better there
wasn't much gram up there though that's
where the ground was that is down here
and I put some bread out over it and
it's I know I've made a little bit of
difference but not very much this looks
better than this bowl I don't know see
is this a lot of work guys I'm feeling a
little bit disappointed right now
any and all Father's Day plans that I
personally plan have been like so I plan
to take Sam somewhere today I was hoping
to leave early this morning that didn't
happen because he he needed to sleep and
that's fine but now he's just really
busy outside working with his wood it's
kind of not cooperating and he's just
really not in the mood to go anywhere so
the gifts that I got for him was a gift
card to a wood craft shop and I was
going to take him and let him choose
classes to sign up for I guess I'm just
gonna give Sam his gift when he when
he's in a better position to receive it
he's outside like hair rainy stuff like
that and his wood really is in cooperate
I feel sad for him it's Father's Day I
was like stop working it's your father's
day today and he's like I don't have to
start working I want to doesn't matter
if it's Father's Day I want to work on
this project I'll have the time I mean
it is follow today like you know I got
her after second he says no matter what
but just like okay I don't know what
does hey should I be more persistent me
like no get down right now stop working
I think if I do that in my frustrated
mill I insisted on taking out the trash
earlier and he was like Nia just let me
do the trash I think I kind of
frustrated him but anyways oh man we're
watching this family Abby family and
they're having their daughter react to
Shiloh before I just want to see
Symphony's reaction to it all cute
Sam introduced me to this family on vine
and I just saw that they subscribe to
our Channel and I was so excited I ran
outside and I told him they're just such
a cute family they do the funniest
cutest stuff together and the dad and
the daughters didn't have such a cute
relationship all I was trying to do is
get this corner piece of trim up on the
wall and it just kept slipping down
right here I used a whole thing of caulk
to get that stuck up there a whole
container of as you can see right there
so I had to end up putting nails in it
to keep it up there I have three nails
on this side two on this side that broke
off these are brick nails made for
bricks so after this is all done drying
I'm going to figure out how to break
those off got one there one there but
that was so much work this stuff is full
of crap if this thing was so frustrated
getting up there but after I get those
nails painting to cover up that looks
pretty good doesn't that everything is
going by very slowly but it's turning
out great all right up for my Father's
Day present so I still have no idea
where we're going
target really we're two minutes away
instead we have two minutes away I've
never been over here before so I have no
idea what's going on I've never worried
I want to give them what's in his
envelope before we get there because I
don't want to pull up and be like this
is what we're doing I don't know how to
do it so it's cooler so whatever so
here's your envelope it when we get
there can you just open it now I want
you to open into thermal over me I'm 140
feet okay we're working stuff a wood
craft gift card
we made it woodcraft I've actually
always wanted to go here I get magazines
for my craft I've never been here before
so it should be fun
we're looking at him so cute oh my dad
dad
family trip the whip crash here we go
kids don't touch anything okay daddy
will you mr. darling
no is that beautiful would guys this is
where you come for like projects you
want to use some nice wood lay that Wow
oh no to do it is wood what I need to do
is you got a project when you come here
and pick out the wood for anything like
a bar or something like that you know
what I've been wanting to try my hands
at some whittling little bit here
this is basswood and they got butter or
not I think butter that's a little bit
harder I think I'm gonna get a piece of
this maybe something a little with just
to try it out baton I'm most excited
about all these different kind of woods
here hardwoods in like four woods look
at these are just beautiful city this
came from a bunch of different kind of
trees look at them how awesome they are
so I found out what the purple is this
is called purple heart it's a purple
heart tree
definitely figure out some kind of
project and come here pick out my would
look at this I've never got to put my
hands on so many different types of
trees in one place look at this wood oh
wow it's like Tiger skin huh that's
marble wood yeah that's heavy just that
piece is 30 bucks
that's how rare this wood is this is
what I decided to get whittling
jackknife has a double blade on it I've
been wanting to try whittling perhaps
next time like card out some little
figurine bad before no that's too hard
this is hard work we're gonna have to
get soft with the carbon because I'm
going to be doing this by hand so we
need a piece of bass wood or butternut
wood don't go to Chuck E Cheese check it
Eamon ow
yo game when is in real Jackie teeth I
love taga G I love daddy teeth like that
as a yes you know it looks like a no I
could do enjoy
you sure do
chucky cheese here we are I'm coming I'm
coming
I've been a truck of cheese in a long
time this is exciting just on such whim
like this I usually go to Chuck E Cheese
for a birthday or something I have never
been for Father's Day
but a lucky guy
yeah
this has been so great so far as like
every father's dream come true
mine was fun I haven't had this kind of
fun so long like not thinking about what
I'm doing sort of thinking about it but
not all right guys who do you think will
ania Samuel we're gonna have ever unless
until all your shit me I want him for
you
this last one in 501 a coupon tickets
502 tickets today as the Metro Wow
I could not have asked for better father
Gregor 502 coupons it games hey bro we
got 500 two tickets
you know me care but I beat the medium
old jumbo like a perfect score now I'm
going to try the hard welcome
hey t good job that was less credit guys
him to go home and get Sydney her prize
he's already looking there's not much
good stuff over here
would you watch it yeah but guys we'll
see you tomorrow
happy Father's Day don't forget we love
you and remember to love
you
Oh
you
