good morning everyone it is a cinnamon
roll morning today at the Raider house
for having orange flavored ice cinnamon
rolls and they smell delicious
oh she cannot wait to smell everyone can
you tell everyone good morning they're a
little Brown bubby did you eat all the
frosting oven you want another one
that's not how it works
you got to eat the whole thing there's
more over there take a bite into the
bread it's sweet and yummy in case any
of you are wondering the update on my
new why do we deter to recipe it turned
out great it's thickened up got the
little soupy flakey look to it yeah and
it smells amazing here let me see well
careful with them they're not for you
guys here no no simple you're being
careful out here I'm gonna put it in
your hair here we go
go play so pretty oh my goodness have
fun
just give your teddy because it's not
actually attached oh my goodness you
look so cute like that
Oh dogs this why do we have a bazillion
doors on our car it's like Sam's getting
ready to replace that the doors in our
hallway he didn't take off symphony and
Abrams doors though I wonder what to do
what that is nasty door Wow that one got
all ripped up you didn't take the kids
doors
might take just simply as I think that
it seems nice not be nice that way Abram
saw has a door to sleep with yes it is
what gave you the motivation to get up
and tackle this job over the painting
our early morning playtime has commenced
we're still in pajamas over here half
dressed over here actually we're pretty
much not dressed over there at all not
even half I'm still in my PJs as well
and we're just chilling outside I've
just finished my second cup of coffee
and I'm not feeling super energized
waiting for it to kick in though
yesterday I told you guys that today we
were going somewhere for Father's Day
but I meant tomorrow so on Sundays when
the vlog upload then you'll get to see
what were you doing on Father's Day and
as you know I already got Sam his
leather strap for his camera holster or
whatever and that was his gift but I
also wanted to take him somewhere
specifically before he had asked me for
the the camera strap there was something
I wanted to do for him and to take him
so I'm still gonna do that tomorrow and
he has no idea what it is I don't even
think he like has a speculation of what
it is and so after that he gets to
choose what we do for the rest of the
day freaking out about something okay
someone just texted me that we were
featured on Julian huffs Instagram today
how from American battle dance battle
America battle Marrakesh she's one of
the producers she plays like 5,000 Fanny
counts okay Julie hands who wrote you
that Nicole she is a girl I met through
all this YouTube stuff through
passing comet videos to be on the show
so we have we did a behind the scenes
video is pretty much another vlog is
like a 10 minute vlog specifically of us
making our dance battle let them watch
the video hold it still okay okay make
sure you guys go to dance battle
American casting comm submit your videos
cuz he's driving today guys making trim
for the windows as you can see the porch
is all cleared off all the wood that I
had on there
this is trim for all the corners of the
house there's eight of them two for each
corner and not much trip broke my skull
come on out buddy come on close the door
this guy has so much anxiety come out
here sheesh
take it easy pal and update guys on
dance battle America so I've heard back
from them a couple times they called us
the other day and after our birthdays
even though I did know they asked how
old we were even though our birthdays
were listed on the application but I
give her our birthdays and she said that
we're gonna know in about a week a week
and a half if we've made the cut if
we've made the competition or not and
she also said that we're high up on the
list of being chosen
she said they thought we were adorable
and our dance was really hilarious and
fun and they said we're definitely high
up there of being chosen so we'll see
you guys it's looking good so far
especially since you got that Instagram
thing from Julianne Hough I was just
pretty awesome anyway so these are just
primed I gotta paint them all but I feel
pretty productive today
first step to make sure the surfaces are
nice and clean debris and loose
particles what symphony have a good eye
about I saw a little piece of the hair
on the steps on the wood good job babe
welcome to get everything to worry about
be singing up close
alright here we go sir I see with a
paintbrush in her hand working on the
trim today some white paint a little bit
Casio brush paint in the grass he just
got up and painted all over the wall and
all over what they were doing and the
concrete go play Bovie
I could do that funky funky you know
okay so kid over here we've got some
dinner plans coming soon so I really
have to work fast right now we're
supposed to be leaving in about an hour
and 10 minutes yeah
dear Sam you guys oh really what some
water this grass come water the garden
no right here right here
steps do all the circles buddy they're
all hot probably somewhere mommy's feet
are it might be I can't see the circle
come in a circle this is how you
entertain the toddler who wants to help
paint are you gonna do my feet or not
they're hot
huh daddy just released Symphony to
break time she wants an icy for all her
hard work he has a pink one if we have
any left okay but Symphony one thing you
have to be on patrol and make sure Abram
stays in the grass he's not allowed to
come on the sidewalk so go down you got
to get off the steps cow be right back
she got to get her back Bobby get him
okay guys I just found out that the
co-host of the dance rental thing is
Maria Menounos which I saw her name on
the email but I didn't put two and two
together that she was in one tree hill
which I've always been a big fan of she
was she played Jules in One Tree Hill so
when I saw that I was scrolling through
Instagram and so I found her it said
Maria Menounos I for some reason thought
she was the other judge on Dancing with
the Stars so no she was lady on maybe
she was a judge on Dancing with the
Stars now I don't know I needed money I
remember it being a different well there
they are guys there they are all painted
you ready to be hung I did a lot today I
cut these to prime them and painted them
proud of myself right now right about
now trying to teach Abram early enough
to keep going over than getting at
myself come on buddy
there you go Thatta boy come on great
job buddy are you gonna hug it
use the handle there you go here let me
help you watch your feet what's your
feel buddy look look like this hold it
hold the handle there you go like that
pull it so here at dinner we're actually
having dinner was the fellow vloggers
today they daily vlog as well oh did you
get here
here yeah we don't know what they drive
we're here with special couple
hey guys what's going on this is Lane
from Lane bits nothing dude the funny
ranch this is funny / - yeah ain't it
personally nobody knew URL is just a
bunny we're watching guys stuff last
night yeah that little toy carry them oh
yeah yo gay cuz I've been kicking around
boys in the bathtub for so long it's so
frustrating cause they always follow
that right right collector than meta
sits in the corner back yeah and the
foursome and they're like super strong
it came today you know I just go by
myself
we'll show you guys everybody go home
you know your interests your family your
absolutely go ahead man hey movies of
war yeah those how to uses
working-age got a little hair guy they
have hair over here y'all with balls
y'all need to get some head this is uh
this is Amelia right here she's our four
year old say hi and this is my wife
Krista and this is Jacques say hey buddy
you being shy hey are you having fun
meeting everybody
yeah it's Symphony your new friend yeah
so how are you six years now six years
of blog it's been a long road
we enjoyed I found a passion for and I
just went with it it's been going good
ever since that's crazy I was just
thinking about like one year felt like a
full day like 2299 and something like
that I just stayed with it going it's a
grind but you know you gotta you have to
know that you're passionate about it
once you get I think that year mark you
kind of upset that you're like okay I
can continue go what's our new poster
ball usually around 3 o'clock Central
Time
I just find it's good like kids get out
of school and right before dinner right
throws at 5 and 5 okay so when you guys
go towards them at 3:00 Louisiana
they're just traveling through he hit me
I was like hey you guys want to meet up
so one taro we'd have to try it anywhere
Village Road absolutely dude a little
road trip up the tolls so we're gonna
meet some of those walkers up there dude
know what it is it's usually the problem
so we decide to take the funny route to
West Nile Park plane shows I don't know
but wash up and snakes watch your step
okay
that guy just host we need to wash up
her snake that's their dog just got bit
back so this is the nicest part we have
here in Cairo it really is a we have a
nicer warm customer house you recognize
it as I recognize house how high you can
do this plane no we came here or date or
McDonald's date remember
put your ear on there hello it did
something weird hey bro cheater
there's a first for everything you guys
Abram is swinging like a big boy with
Daddy got all the kids on the swings
it's so cute
sissy oh man he's making me nervous yeah
hold on tight buddy hold on tight to
your dream don't pull down that hole man
okay please oh Sh I had a leash on him
okay okay okay
whoa see you're not looking you're not
looking go down the slide a broom yeah
go ahead go in the bridge
I think he's realizing that he's up high
he keep looking down I keep her gifts
that he's off the ground oh my gosh
you're making me nervous buddy go down
the same look with Jacques does mommy go
get her go get her go to mommy
lay down he's sticking it's so human out
here me oh my gosh ridiculous we go
faster he's like this ain't so bad his
first time on the slide was he's going
not even going down there we go oh my
gosh
wait as he bumps along the way was so
cute we were there honey
we saw ya losing everything in the
process
thank you close game up well I guess
we're gonna call it a day we're done I
wanna get rid of it no we want to get
rid of this heat it's bad well I want to
get home soak in the soaking wet we ran
walk in the house start dripping change
yeah she thinks for sissies because she
lives in Louisiana where it's 95 degrees
I was like anyway this is Lena Christa
guys the funny rats don't you guys go
check him out we'll put a link in the
description of course nice meeting you
guys we just got home guys I remembered
I was going to show you this thing so
it's the bath toy organizers what Elena
and I were talking about it dinner but
basically it goes in the corner of the
bathtub and will hold all the kids toys
we haven't had a good one he said this
one was amazing and so did his wife so
we're going to give it a shot cuz I'm
tired stepping on toys
a shirt yeah we're sure
don't look at me like down kiss you up
guy needs a stinky guy yeah hey he's
getting you back like dick dick mama so
we don't have any doors in the house
this is the water heater closet no he
caught no door here sir water heater you
guys ever seen that it's actually kind
of freeing having any doors it's like I
need a blanket I'm gonna get a blanket I
haven't open a door or touch a handle
that's really nice so I have that kids
doors up stay on the bathroom door
because I wanted them to do that in one
day so we can get it done in the kids
can nap so I'll take them up there and
they'll get it done and I can take them
right back home and put them right back
up and I have to worry about them not
having to order online apps anyway guys
we'll see you tomorrow don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
and happy father's day all your father's
out there stinks out here
