and I are about to go on a date can you
guys guess what we're doing yet can't
hear mckenna whatever you do don't talk
to you is what we're doing for our day
by the same guy love butter stay
to live
in this together good morning everybody
hope everybody's doing great today
that is the McDonald's kind of mourning
for the Raider penetrance and McDonald's
kind of morning always means the same
thing either one of them baby you guys
like my hair today rushed me out of the
house and my hair was soaking wet when I
did it so just slick the back a quick
look so don't I hate it good morning
little pal your disease for to you about
your sausage this is actually our second
breakfast for the day not mommy's mom
woke up place you got to sleep in but
for us it's our second breakfast and I
love second breakfast is I do it pretty
often I don't even sometimes guy well
how you liking is it pretty cool and I
fell right after I'm done eating this
burrito I'm gonna be full of breakfast
today could I get to board a theory not
too old
after this breakfast maybe we'll have a
third breakfast a little bit later thing
yeah maybe who knows maybe all day long
we'll just have breakfast and no lunch
no dinner or anything
how about it you don't do that yeah
where'd you go oh this is a nice
playground it was a little slide for
Abram something a little dangerous huh
not surprising go up the stairs look did
this light go down I'd go down man let's
not you know all right daddy will go
down fine daddy's going down we come on
why that's crazy that they have these
little things for climbing I've never
seen this at McDonald's before I read
something about that like play places
were incorporating things that encourage
kids to like
work out there I know yeah I read
something about that oh well incorporate
things good job reminder exercise cool
would you hear that I just read it
someone's like a Facebook post or sad
come on keep going you could go a little
higher for your mommy
okay
one thing they really need improves the
slides are so sticky what are they gonna
prove that we can slide down see this is
the hair you could actually stay at and
leave this
they're probably improving him because
more and more people are very attracted
to him because kids are playing less and
less upside that's kind of sad ten days
same guys earlier one fan was saying I
slept in sleeping in meaning like I got
to sleep until 8:15 and then I was like
oh my gosh we gotta take share another
doctor so I literally like a rolled out
of bed got the kids ready and we we went
to go get share I know why I look like
this but Sam and I just now decided that
we're gonna be going on a special date
something a little different than we
don't want to do it's very spontaneous
and we're lucky that our babysitter's
free but I'm looking forward to it
something that we need and something
that it's beneficial to us so yeah we're
gonna go do that Abram can we take a nap
here
you're in there hold it up where you can
see your face there you are tell him
about it is they Carson chop so is all
about it guys I found the vlog where we
were here last year taking sharing to
the doctor and eating at McDonald's and
it's just so interesting being able to
look back on it see what we look like
what's different and it's so funny that
we end up going to like the same places
pretty much we're gonna text Matthew in
a minute and see if he wants to go to
lunch with us today but you know it's
really cool I'm looking at the old intro
and seeing the different things that we
had on that it was our very first intro
and I was like oh my gosh it's so sweet
Abram only had his two little teeth down
here and it was just really cute we'll
put a link to it in one of the cards you
can feel to click on it right here click
on that card and you can go back and see
our day in Dallas with Samuel and his
brother last year and we also did our
ice bucket challenge that day which was
pretty hilarious the boys played a trick
on me and it was fun at least it's hot
outside I think you picked that one you
just now told me you were gonna get
frozen
oh yeah look at these we totally need a
new washing machine we have a new dryer
but our washer so old it was like handed
down from someone who got it heated down
from someone else who bought it from you
source and I came to down five times
work but I'm gonna tell Sam that for
Father's Day
I'm getting them this may be his
reaction we're gonna get you a washer
and dryer set this yes this for twelve
indoorsy no but really we are going
somewhere fun tomorrow for Father's Day
Sam has no idea what we're doing it's
not so much fun as it is for cool what
thankful no I think he's gonna really
like it please ignore the shoeless boy
screaming to get his shoes off so do one
you won the battle
why did you get a new nightlight today
what's the scoop hey guys we're back
home now
Neen are just taking care of some hobby
duties they hobby duties is no hobby
since you're making money at it
I've been wondering that you know if
you're making money out of hobby I'm so
have fun doing it it becomes a
profession because I think once money
gets related to your hobby it becomes a
profession I guess anyway let me show
you this cool photo guys they go cool
that is that not cool right between the
father's legs and brows like dad Oh Mike
oh wait no that's not her dad it's the
groom's dad there's another one that was
cool as you can see I really get in the
action with my photography it was funny
because I was talking to Sandy the
bride's sister and telling her that the
videographer was really hard to work
with during the wedding that's not
really what I said I said he was very
what I say annoying it was just so
frustrating he was just I like to get in
in the action when I'm photographing and
this guy like to give an action to this
is the first time I've come across a
videographer who gets in there like I do
I mean we're both like fighting for the
shop but the button it was just so
frustrating and I just stopped worrying
about him and just just did my shot and
not worry about if I was in front of the
lens or not because he was just so in
the way so much of the wedding was funny
I was telling sandy that and sandy was
like oh my gosh the videographer told
that's really Carrie told Carrie the
bride that I was annoying that he had
never worked with photographer who got
in his way so much and warned her that I
would be in a lot of his shots during
the video and I was like you know what
what can I do I want to be getting these
awesome shots if I wasn't getting in
action and getting in the way of the
videographer I can't worry about him
when I'm taking pictures I just can't
already we're trying to worry about
getting the perfect moment and getting
the right angle and the lighting and
then having to worry about the
videographer
no I just I just don't do it oh here's a
good one of me I dancing she was so
happy to be dead too so cutely err
suppose worried about the videographer
being behind me that I probably I've got
this shot either I would've been off to
the side that's a really good shot other
than that oboe in it turned out really
cool this is a cool shot here's another
getting in action shot see I like to get
in there see how I'm just like up in
there I'm literally like one inch from
this guy's back it makes for good stuff
this turned out really good right up in
the elevator I like getting up in the
elevator
let's see what else do you guys like
this shot I thought it was cool okay I
got two things happening at two
different rooms and the crack of the
door look at this you can get looking in
the mirror and him looking in the mirror
getting ready here here's another
example of me getting in the moment
getting in the moment again this one's a
really cool photo I think I already
showed you guys yeah so getting in the
moment see look at this I wouldn't have
got that if I wasn't in there with the
groomsmen right after the wedding this
one too
I when I've got this moment I love this
do you like this one yeah that's a
really good that's right nap times over
in Symphony is so finishing her peanut
butter and honey sandwich from lunch
that she asked me specifically for I
made her half and she only ate like two
bites out of it I was like you know what
honey that's gonna be your snack when
you wake up from nap and if you don't
eat it as a snack that's gonna be your
dinner and so she's trying to finish it
taking some time
Hansol it want to be too big or too
small he and I are about the goner hey
can you guys guess what we're doing yet
can't hear McKenna whatever you do don't
argue is what we're doing for our date
night
I don't believe it's safe with me you
tell whatever you want so tell him our
secret no she blew it I said you
can say anything except what we were
gonna do and she blew it
she said about working up a secret date
she blew it that's okay yeah we're gonna
go over couch pump some iron oh you know
my chest is doe hurt you don't know what
they used to lift weights in college if
they wait for a beginner's playlist no
like arms day one and it tells you go
how many ribs and stuff like that I'm
done well I may be there but I just
don't like doing cardio I got some money
shoulder guys you have to address
something since this has been so big on
my mind okay
usually it gets clogged in the
background yeah here I'll move out just
see you guys have a better thing to look
at like this here okay so I have high
anxiety about like my kids and their
sleep schedules and right now for the
first time like ever Sam and I are
entirely on the same page and because
it's been getting lighter earlier the
paint paper came down I think Abram
should still go to bed on time which is
8:15 okay that's when we read and stuff
like that and he's in his bed by 8:30
dark no it's still light up yeah and
same thing I should like push back to
8:45 dark you should go to bed a dark I
don't agree with that so every time the
time changes the kids should go to bed
later
I'm just curious what do you guys think
about that because I'm just curious yeah
what do you guys think okay open the
door
it's at work again come on open it it's
been a long time since I worked out and
I didn't know that my car was cancelled
okay for it like one of my credit cards
and the car was traded out for losing
one of them or something or another you
know what though it kind of feels good
to know that we potentially haven't been
paying for it uses gym we should ponies
love using her so I guess we'd love to
find another way to work out maybe just
break yet in the parking lot I know what
we're gonna do now well we just go to
the movie get some popcorn some Reese's
Pieces like the off instead of working
out we're just gonna be cold yeah it
wasn't I was thinking that right when he
said it like the second he said it I
came in my head she's so excited when we
think about the Sun
well we found an alternative to the gym
the playground
you
