guys we're about to do something super
super exciting Sydney I think I found
where I've always wanted
hey guys good morning do you want to see
what we have going on today me and my
little cooker here first of all I just
went grocery shopping for like the
Christmas weekend and Christmas Day and
I'm home now and I've got some things
laid out so I'm getting loads and loads
of chocolate chips Ritz crackers well
Stephanie takes care of the peanuts I'm
gonna lay out our parchment paper so
that I can lay all the candies flat on
this and write a cool buddy will you
take these to daddy's best for me hey
you know what I realized we have to melt
our chocolate chips brew put the peanuts
in good thing Lee had that fart out
though I know
so Stephanie we need one package of blue
and one package of orange and we need to
dump it in our bag we use milk chocolate
and semi-sweet chocolate
even this mom what's up guys we're about
to do something super super exciting if
you guys have been doing a lot of
Christmas shopping lately you've
probably passed a box that looks
something like this I've seen them
everywhere and I thought they look so
mysterious and so awesome like it's
grown-up you really look at that thing
does it actually try oh yeah open this
up right now we got a couple of them
sent to us we're gonna gift some and
we're gonna open this up and get it
flying today so let's do this buddy come
on you want to do the honors yeah box
man and it's sealed
look at those seals that is legit
the best packaging
so the songs over every time you put it
back on and take it off it guys it's
time for us to spoon our
chocolate-covered peanuts onto our wax
paper and then let them cool it's gonna
take a while because our freezers not
quite big enough to like put it in there
to like cool do the fast cool thing so
we're gonna just spoon them out
symphonie this part might take you
getting your hands dirty
so we got the journal got the battery
charge here it is we put the little cage
on it the cage is optional we have the
kids on in there because we're beginners
set him right there
button down right there oh did he say
that to me no audio on this thing is
like incredible beater bike
this is definitely one of the best toy
drones I've ever flown it's so smooth it
start again
I'm excited that they sent us six of
these because I'm gonna give one to each
of the neighbors and probably one to Bo
he loves stars is the biggest stars fan
probably in our whole church whoa what's
so cool about this is guys you can
actually battle them with each other
come back buddy bring back
I'm already on my second batch of those
what you're making more family likes you
guys for us no my family's coming to
Christmas too and I'll get some
neighbors we've moved on to Phase two of
our Christmas candy making our real Sam
into this I don't think he's feeling it
at first but it seems like he has no he
gets the snack so we are making little
Ritz cracker peanut butter sandwiches
daddy and a rumor under team and Stefan
and mommy are on his home you silly
goose making Christmas candy little guy
this is a big sacrifice for symphony to
be doing for her family and our friends
because she does not like peanut butter
and guys remember to keep it kind of
thin that the thin layer of peanut
butter face
so I had a little mishap I cooked my
white chocolate morsels too long the
first time since and went to the store
got me some more and now it turned out
perfectly look how milky and creamy this
what chocolate melt it is charlie
dispenser I just you know it's not to
try where those soon as they dry I want
you to try one each okay I did she's
gonna drill us some peanut butter on
there oh these are so good
okay guys our fudge balls have been
drizzled with peanut butter now they're
just set to drive these are all cooled
and dry and I'm packaging things up
we're gonna take some to some neighbors
and I'm just so proud of me and symphony
and Sam and a bro we've never done like
a whole night of candy like this we'll
do one or two and we'll do one one day
and like one the next day but we did
like a whole night of candy making and
it was so fun I learned how to make
peanut butter fudge for the first time
I've always wanted to know how to make
it if I change something I would add
more peanut butter to my fudge recipe
and probably like something a little
salty like maybe actual peanut butter
fudge calls for salt and I need to look
it up and really master as I'm super
excited you guys
I'll have one despite my say no diet
okay just because I have to be a taste
tester ternoon
amazing I'm pretty much well
an area is a big fan base of what we're
doing here tonight shopping chopping
chopping chopping chopping something
something for her family
we're family do you know exactly who
you're buying for we're not buying for
ourselves and max $10 rachey does like
crafts maybe he can wear your
educational draw and write rate T is not
a kid okay there's some risk oh yeah
that's a good idea I want to give this
room a to save on screens for coming up
so he won't cut the kiss TV Matthew mrs.
Conte you get this frame game
it's a window and door alarm you could
put an alarm on his door at his house so
knows when somebody's coming in we could
also consider some rope frames or black
I know there's always a need for rope no
we're kick it in the corner
oh yeah these turkey strips for her dog
her that'd be for her dog truth under
200 Shampoo
she doesn't have to buy conditioner
because I have shampoo and conditioner
Oh daddy where's the other one
it's 2 and 1 is equal to I want to get
something for you cuz I didn't get you
anything yet go from the formal oh yeah
I guess won't let you
cool to know don't you get her a new cup
that's the kind of a cute looking oh so
sweet of you to spend your birthday
money on everybody I think I found where
I've always wanted his dog home it was
perfect on my beard so sharp so fine
it's really nice
oh that's embarrassing
I was kidding
this morning we have a surprise for the
kids oh my god love another baby tune
are you guys ready to see who the new
family member is we have one more family
member that gets a stocking
