as yours this one of yours good job
little guy that was a what's right this
was Abrams - he wanted his letters you
know Oh Abram what you gonna paint with
dobbers yeah will you get off the
dollars that be playing bingo no I got
them these from Hobby Lobby bingo doors
they're just cause they're called poster
paint your clothes cool man look at me
Russell was a show Teddy they got one -
those are awesome aprons Oh smart so K
so rainy morning in Texas oh what a
beautiful view of our shutters no listen
what color do you want even pee he was
pink he said Oh and the cap won't long
after I wash them okay
we've got to move
in this together good morning guys today
I am going to be redoing my liquid
laundry detergent I've made it not long
ago I think maybe a few months ago and
so it didn't last actually as long as I
thought that it would but I'm still
going to make it again I really like it
I like the recipe I like how simple and
inexpensive it is I'm gonna do it again
in the description box below I'll list
what the recipe actually is so that way
you don't have to watch me go through
the process because I've made my laundry
detergent on the vlog a few different
times so it's a smell line it smells
like grating onion you silly
be careful your fingers might be a
little close to the blades they get
close to the blades it's gonna grate
your fears oh yeah so just be careful I
like to hold it up like this so that
your fingers are far away from the blade
hmm we go good job baby
oh that's good
dance party while we wait for the water
to boil
are you here listen to Daniel right nice
and slow take a deep breath let him have
a girl homie let it go but and take his
deep breath it was so cute well as I
let's see your big squeeze Wow
give a big nice nice I'll take a deep
breath let it go I'm wedding crafting
with Katie from church if you guys
recognize her or not we she's getting
married in two weeks Katie oh he's on
Friday oh my goodness so we have all
these crafts we're making little flowers
and we painted some vases and we're
gonna distress them with sandpaper and
Abram just woke up on the way to get
Abram I want to check on my laundry
detergent it turned out really liquidy
it's supposed to be jail-like
it's been about 4 hours since I made it
so I'm hoping it just doesn't supposed
to do cuz I'm out I need oh it's ok he
does after all of it ah what are you
gonna do where's your sucker did you
bring him one did he throw it down
somewhere uh-oh symphonies been so
helpful while I've been crafting with
Katy she came in here and played with
Abram everything was going good until he
wanted her in hot
you love that pop when you see his
reaction when he sits Katy hi bro who's
here look I knew he was gonna walk yeah
like a little one where you put it you
crafters are missing something in your
life right now
Tiffany really missing right now in
their lives
that would make everything perfect
let's go further naturebox what's right
in the kitchen for it we just got it
today so should be in the kitchen away
yeah me too it problem being there you
love your nature barks I I love you
can you picked out our treats this month
I know it's gonna be so cool gonna oh
I'm working on it all day
major autism is an Egyptian you get them
sent to your door Wow yummy goodie hello
a very piggy bars give everyone first
time see right there 'some this one how
because I just think when you like it
these are strawberry lemonade fruits
arms okay we have raspberries no more
fake horns naturebox party what is that
spicy corn nuts well they're like
popcorn kernels hmm
half pop and it's kind of like corn nuts
though yeah but easier to eat you don't
crack your teeth in let me see you down
really good yeah they are like corn nuts
almost popcorn but not quite
do you know what I like about nature box
all the snacks are so unique you can't
find these snacks just anywhere they're
like they're specifically designed
snacks
as you guys know naturebox or sponsor
here at Sam Ania and what naturebox is
it's a monthly subscription where you go
into the website and you pick out
monthly the snacks that you want set to
your door each month and you guys can
get a free trial size by clicking in the
link below
naturebox column slash Sam and Nia and
yeah we love nature bugs here so this is
where we've gotten on the bouquet
reworking it for like what like a third
or fourth time yeah have all of these
flowers down there this is our workspace
they want me to cut bowels or scissors
they're too long just kind of right in
half maybe like a third off maybe you
should mark it so I'll mess it up okay
looks pretty cool you gonna draw a face
on there it looks like kind of like one
of those old lady hats where no the ball
looks like when those old lady hats the
decorative hats yeah I see what you're
saying so last night was rough man that
was such a busy night I actually had a
patient pass out in the restroom two
times actually last night we had
patiently
pull the call alarm in the restroom come
here buddy and both times just blood all
over the floor when I went in there but
one time one of those times the patient
was laying on the floor in the bathroom
blood blood diary involvement it was bad
it was real bad and that stepped in it
got all over my shoes dragged it in the
hospital while we're carrying the
patient back to her bed and then I try
to scrub them and I cannot get the smell
off so once I got home up her right into
the washer she I believe are the worst
smell you could come across in the
hospital have a very distinct smell and
they're like they make everybody gag you
gotta clean it up it's just like a
gagging smell is horrible
honey I forgot to tell you a guy work
with Joe he said my hair look better
than two different into the day before
go poor baby like this beautiful day out
here it's gonna rainy this is the calm
after the storm right now be raining off
and on the kids and I are just taking a
walk out here trying to get them out of
the house this is my catch of day these
are their crap anymore Katie and I'm
trying to stay awake I was going to go
jogging with them with the stroller so
guys is a car coming out stretch in the
gutter
stretch everyone like sissy Kenny
stretch touch your toes there you go
good job Hey yeah that's an egg good job
some man all come on man we got our
shoes on
Hey
whoa did you get our buddy ah
get your energy hey Ben where's your
shirt
Avram got hot turned up a puddle I'm
gonna stop at every big puddle out here
did your feet come out of your flip-flop
this foot came out let's fix your foot
well everyone wants to try that here he
goes here he goes
whoa what happened it's not that bad
it's not that bad
sayo
did you have fun at least yeah yeah at
least we had fun
to happen so I said why don't we get all
cleaned up and get entire house and then
you can okay
it's our last step of the night take
he's heading home after this she's
measuring her dowel rods and we did not
get the project all the way finished but
pretty close close pretty yes we've been
working for this for like eight hours
nine hours something like since two
o'clock yep and it's probably about ten
you know tune oh hey you said it 1037 oh
my gosh it's a nice 11 maybe I won't be
working my rates tonight after all
anyways guys we're gonna say good night
now thanks for hanging out with us
crafting with us and don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
