good morning young Einstein does many
have to bore knows what but my box yeah
fine oh I don't know what you're saying
you're on another body you ain't go yeah
mom one bite Wow
hmm we're sissy do you know where she is
where is she what Suzie
Oh sissies at Nana's house
maybe has the blower nose
many people are knows I saw an article
in the news yesterday or today this
morning about a mom and dad who had
their son 11 year old son come home
without them I guess he had come home
from school and they were on their way
home but the door was locked so he had
to play outside for 90 minutes you gonna
go to your window
here's his window back guys just so
excited about it nobody when Paris got
home they were met by police and they
were both arrested and put in jail for a
day and then they took the kids away and
they finally got their four-year-old and
the 11 year old back after a month of
the 11 year old begging for his parents
back and they both got felony the mom
and dad got a felony for an egg let and
the story just made me just it just
floored me maybe just so mad I could not
believe that the government can come in
and just take your kids because you let
them play outside by themselves it just
kind of feels like there's nothing you
can do about it either to just feel so
helpless because it's the government and
you know there's more of them than us
and it's just I was just crazy that they
got felonies for this and they're maybe
a little bit more to the story who knows
but from what I read all I did was let
the kid play outside until they got home
and he played basketball in the yard or
something like that but mm-hmm man do
you guys remember we used to do bring
Thomas definitely made me think of that
man you know yo hi guys
go outside and play with them go outside
okay yo yo yo yo where do you come yo yo
it's Oreo down doggy down doggy
you fly no let's not play in the water
right now buddy come on Ava let's walk
around no it's too early what happened
to your car it took half of it away and
he took half of his car it's okay you
can still power the stove wheels what
you notice a skateboard he's a boy I was
look what happened to my pillar I cannot
believe that look at this man it's been
raining a lot so I guess the bottom of
it kind of rotted out and it fell
I made the wind push it it's kind of
scary so glad the kids were not here
when that happened who really scary
these enough they're really good though
so I'm just kind of curious how that
fell want the dogs they had something to
do with it come on Annie come on Annie
wait go get it go get it hi Blaine oh no
we found the water yeah the dog is at
your pool oh no he's gonna play in the
dogs water and he's protecting it he
always comes over here and empties out
of her water dog do it a broom no that's
her water she can drink it she couldn't
drink the water if she wants to now
watch how this guy's carefree spirit
come outside in the morning with dogs
licking all over you I'm playing in the
mud and got water
watch what happens when I ask him to go
outside everyone let's go outside
keine are you a little boy you're
playing outside
what no do you like playing outside okay
they gonna be barefoot everything I'm
such a boy Oh No
good morning everyone me and Avram are
up and at it early kind of ish is 8:45
and we're gonna go get symphony it's our
song guys our dance song it's so funny
like practicing to it all day long kind
of ruined it for me those of you who are
in an organised you know dance or
anything like that well know what I'm
talking about when you rehearse to a
song all day or a week or all month or
whatever it kind of ruins it for you but
I still kind of like it look who's back
everyone
hi
- doing what are you doing in here are
you calling daddy well that is your
bubble man I'm so happy today
wow what a bouncer boy thickness so I
got Abraham some curtains today to go
under this but really sure how it's
gonna work
so I'm gonna try this I've got these
little rings I was hoping to do this
without getting another curtain rod to
hang up for under one so I've got these
rings here jingle jingle
Mulla Avram hold on buddy you want one
have this one I don't know if I'm going
to use those or not so the way this is
I've got this curtain hung up on a rod
and it goes like underneath - I was
imagining for some reason that it would
split open and I could put the rings on
I wrote over six so I guess I'm just
gonna try it out we'll see so the accent
color in Abraham's room is red as you
can see behind me and this is like the
only right I could find or black they
really have gray didn't have any white I
felt like I'm gonna do it his bright
cute little nurseries gonna be dark all
the time Sam I need your help
fail guys I got something and I'm so
excited to open it up I can't wait
okay let's see here this is something
for my business for espa√±a and I needed
it reads by Mia with my address on it
isn't that cute and there's a little
wreath around the W why does that one
say two while I'm in family what the
heck I got a little confused at first
because it said wreath some of them say
wreaths by Nia it's so weird and then
like half of them say the Y Lyman family
Abram was begging mommy and begging
mommy for an iced tea and I said you can
have one after dinner and he sat down
like a big boy ate all of this dinner
pretty much all of it anyways hello can
you get I see outside my hangers now Oh
put your clothes and piles the things
that hang up go in a pile okay
and I'll get the clean Bowl thing and
I'll get the hangers just like what do
you guys think we're gonna make Symphony
Abram and I are gonna make duper duper
easy you guys use butter marshmallows or
marshmallow cream and rice krispies
specifically three tablespoons of butter
you melt it on the stove pour in your
marshmallows one full package of
marshmallows or a 10 ounce or a tuneup
can you hug a marshmallow cream and then
6 cups of rice krispies treats we have
just enough right here to make about
half a pan of rice krispies you got half
a bag about three cups maybe a little
more than three cups of the rice curses
oh let's get started
camera Bobby you're gonna spin on this
oh hey Ron don't eat and you'll need a
strawberry that's the one that okay
so first let's add our butter
okay that's number one
all right our butter is just about melt
it's an ounce time to pour these in okay
we got a stir a lot are you ready to
stir a lot we're gonna do balls in they
smell good so far do young can we have
these run through for a lunch snack wait
they're turning pink yep they're gonna
turn pictures of you
you have no turning for the pain all
right so now we're gonna put them into
our oiled pan let them cool alright
Symphony their pan do you want to come
in look at him hey buddies they should
fly okay take a little bite kiss that
popcorn
who's a sweet try it
take a bite it's a treat kind of like a
cookie come here it's a treat try it put
your mouth on it try it
I didn't every bite do y'all like oh he
said I'm gonna bite you right there yeah
me does it taste good my mommy want to
try it not too bad
we weren't very fun with those
marshmallows or the cereal yummy so we
made rice krispie treats out of it mmm
yummy yummy in our tummies we have a
clean clean boy we go in I decided to
take the curtains for Abraham's room
back to Walmart guys it just didn't work
out that color red does not go and I
don't even know if I want to do blackout
curtains anymore I was really concerned
to asleep and everything but he's gonna
adjust to it I mean we all have to
adjust to the time
when like the you know the Sun starts
coming up earlier and sitting later and
all that stuff so I mean you don't get
used to it - I need to just kind of suck
it up and let it let nature take its
course
so I'm just gonna take them back and do
away with them I think
that's dirty clothes
