good morning
but she's spelling over there but he
spelled the opposite of off
made by the same guy they got to live
we've got to give
in this together what'd you guys find
did you find something a broom good
morning guys look who's here
Chase is here this morning that's yes
that's pretty gross dude what
I'll bleep those burbs out so Sunday
morning we're gonna go to church here
shortly chase volunteered what a great
friend the house no not really I broke
down and decided to pay him to touch up
the blue for me the neighbors are
driving by looking at the house I'm this
just looks horrible up there cuz I
didn't tape it off properly I'm having
to do all this extra work we're gonna
church so you know like okay then I
gotta go to work yeah don't suck the
water out of the hose it's gonna be hot
water Abram get it out of your mouth
dude it sounds a little bit smaller too
small no sure it was just a joke t-minus
15 minutes until we leave on time I've
been getting some stuff ready for our
lesson today Sam and I are teaching
about the full armor of God and I needed
a breastplate I walked around the house
forever looking for a breastplate
because I couldn't find one at the store
there was like a little section of all
the stuff but they didn't have
breastplates oh my god I guess I'll have
to come up with something and I got this
little vest a puffer vest but I wore all
throughout high school for like four or
five winters I wore it a lot Sam really
sword is the Bible and having the Spirit
of God working in us we can put anything
off that isn't good in our lives and by
remembering God's Word you will be able
to tell what good and bad so we cut off
the bad things with the sword of the
Spirit cut it off jack cut off jack come
on that good job and the last thing who
wants to be ordered which one more
volunteer for this are you all in here l
need you want to can do this one come
here you can go stammering but wait this
one is a little different we don't
actually have a piece of clothing to
work is the very last piece and armor of
God is prayer so your initial your hands
like your brain we have all of this
armor here and the last one is prayer
this isn't a particular piece of armor
but kind of holds all the armor together
but if we didn't have buttons and snaps
wear our clothes gonna fall off and
prayer kind of serves as our button
snaps differs from church now
tipping a penny
the symphony that I'm going on with me
after church
we're home
we're not in Hawaii where are we
say no
how did chase do on the house oh wow it
does look different
he just didn't get up there cuz it
rained Moseley rings you guys know what
that means
smell his feet his feet have been so
stinky lately guys look guys mmm guys
window back took the tape off play God
no I was out the boat the dogs this
morning you see the bird and you're just
just laughing it's there in the window
what's out there play with them is so
adorable Danny up there did you have
this slobber all over the window huh
where's Annie
Abram where's the birdie he came up here
in he was like beep beep hi he was like
telling all the birds hi did you have a
good nap to my buddy
somebody slept for a long long time and
he's a little bit not talkative oh look
at that backyard his cheeks and lips
seem extra puffy after a nap every time
did you sleep good
to talk do you wanna see if you can see
the doggies outside thinking all that
hair it's so pretty it's all in his face
and everywhere my goodness gracious
get some long curly locks buddy man
I mean help me do my creamer pull it in
here alright good job thank you I'm
really needing that mid-afternoon boost
I had one cut no I had to come oh ah
there goes anyways I'm using
international delight York Patti's
creamer gosh you guys it is delicious
what do you want to do you want to go
outside and play ah play let's go
outside okay
fruit snacks we are ready to play yeah
we can go on one in a little while we
have to wake up daddy soon we promise
shake not going to walk till we wake him
up
Sam wakes up in about 10-ish minutes and
so we are gonna have some outside time
it's amazing oh he's like wake up dad I
can't go on my walk without you no you
can drink it like that that's new hip
this sitting stance so cute you guys I
just want to like mine early address
something that happened with one of our
vlog yesterday we had some negative
comments regarding the attention I give
to both of our kids and I decided to do
a video on Nia's nest about that a video
regarding dividing your attention
between two children what's appropriate
what's not appropriate in my opinion my
opinion isn't always everyone's opinion
in my opinion certainly isn't always
right but I decided I'm gonna be doing a
video about that I think as young moms
who already have so many things going on
in the world to like distract us from
everyday life it is hard to know how to
divide your attention and I can't decide
if I want to make a video with within a
video on Sam Ania or if it's something I
want to do with me as Ness and maybe
just share with you guys but I just feel
like it's a it's an important topic
especially with moms and multiple
children or moms wanting to have
multiple children there is a lady I've
become friends with and she actually is
a viewer of her channel name is Jane hey
Jane if you're watching she is pregnant
with her damn child and
what I see I met them in person and I
see her Facebook and Instagram and stuff
from what I see her children look so
well balanced and happy their Christian
godly family and I just look up to her
so much so I thought of her when these
comments came on to our channel and they
don't really affect me like emotionally
I mean a little bit like a read on I'm
like but you know I know what kind of
mom I am and I know how much I love my
children so dearly and the things that I
do for them on a day-to-day basis and I
kind of want to do something like
inclusive with our viewers or with maybe
just subscribers Anya's nest I'm not
exactly sure yet so gentle and sweet
somebody got in his way and is now
playing in the water
oh he's drinking it what are you saying
Wow oh is that what you're saying daddy
and Abraham's shenanigans yay
so we're here at Walmart to get some
darkening curtains for Abram and also
some for Sam while you sleep during the
day and I'm just cruising along in the
parking lot going very slowly and safely
and this lady who's a safe distance from
my car just cut me off I wasn't speeding
I didn't cut her off in any way she's
just walking with her buggy into Walmart
and she flipped me off and then she
stopped behind the car and like stared
at me like I saw her in my rearview
mirror on the side and then as I kept
driving I could still see her standing
there from the what is that this is the
rearview mirror that's Society mirror
whatever above my mirrors I was looking
in the back and she was still standing
back there
I'm like well I'm just gonna keep
driving you can go park I'm just like
gee some people what kind of nervous she
was walking into the store and our
windows aren't tinted a dangerous car so
she probably knows exactly what I look
like I'm a little bit nervous like is
she gonna hurt me down she went in on
the opposite side of the parking lot go
so I think we're good you ready bud what
do you guys see what do you guys notice
in here besides the fact that it's messy
no wallet I left it in the car and Sam
took the other car to work so guess
we're not going into Walmart maybe it's
meant to me because maybe the bad lady
really was gonna hunt me down and so
maybe we'll go to the park you wanna go
play at the park let's go to the park
and mommy Stockton got some ice cream
with change I had no music oh he gonna
goes blind whoa big bite
serious now where's the train buddy
well you guys are ice cream part date is
coming to an end its nearing 7:30 and
usually Abram isn't about some 15
minutes ago so what turn it
oh you opened it up for me
big big boy Abram started the car
hashtag the office Ryan started the fire
oh he is so infatuated with meeting up
here got the windshield wipers going in
it's hot in here mom let's get this era
Justin what is this doing on come on now
need some tunes for the ride all right
guys well I'm gonna tell you all good
night I've got a massive basket of
laundry to hold it's crazy thanks for
coming along with us today guys hope you
enjoyed our video give us a thumbs up if
you did and we'll see you all tomorrow
don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other
you
