yeah yeah that's trash don't the way you
go here you know we saved our viewers
from the trash
check-check can you click the trash
close it
thank you Hey look what this trash can
have been doing on a wall yeah just tore
up all this paint that painting that I
did all along here too it's hard to keep
it off the wall
by the stand I love butter thing
to give
this together like starting today for me
not here though no I wouldn't met with
Amanda she's over the children's
ministry with reach and got like you
know concrete details on my role with
the little kids at reach Rockwall yeah
not really does anything I have less
responsible I'm in charge of scheduling
for ages zero through like ten or eleven
or something like that and then
curriculum for all those ages we have a
lot more stuff but it's more focused
yeah work one thing nor yeah more and
less so you had a good shoot this
morning is a little country engagement
she it's pretty interesting that I ended
up doing a lot of country style type
photography I totally enjoy doing it and
of course but I'm not country by any
means but I got a really good picture
I'll have to share with you guys this
picture right here do you guys notice
anything funny about it
anything at all photo ball my demon Pig
look at that pig
it's like he's actually does Yanni he's
not yelling right there at all another
really cool thing about today's shoot I
may have got an additional wedding out
of this I'm already shooting the couple
this couples wedding but I went to
somebody's property who allows me to
shoot there from time to time I called
him this morning is like hey can I use
your property to do some photos because
it is like really nice country setting
and less barn when I got home he called
me back and said hey Sam how much you
charge for weddings I got some even
wants me to do their wedding but I don't
do weddings anymore he's an older man so
I'm gonna give you the job so that was
cool I don't think that would have
happened if I did call him this morning
mama can you say please yeah thank you
Abram we're about to go eat dinner we're
having dinner with the Crockers I'm not
that kitty the ones that are in here so
we're gonna go we've never eaten a
before it's called Eddie beans BBQ
really bad a sucker and I think I could
set up first ten minutes from here so
the other day our neighbors Blaine and
Sally gave us this bathroom rack you
know for like cosmetics and towels and
all that but I have been needing a shelf
for Abram and I googled book corners for
a Newark baby nursery and they showed so
many different options most of them had
accessories with like cuddly stuffed
animals blankets you know different
things like around the book corners make
it really cute and fresh for his room
it'll also free up some space we're kind
of just like stacking books over here
all-you-can-eat campus tonight
so she took a nap you gonna wake her up
so she'd go eat with us keep really
Syria have fish with you in a blue tone
call the Arab the croc man Cocker
guarantee
hey man coming bro I'm hungry I'm here
at the restaurant yeah you probably
didn't pass it we thought we passed it
too because I thought it was closer than
it actually is
he thought he passed it just like we did
it's funny then they're trying to figure
out where it's at it's funny how your
memory fails you you know sometimes you
feel like you know exactly how something
is or what it's going to be and then
when it actually happens you're
completely wrong your memory can just
like fool you you got to be careful you
can't let your memory like control you
really careful about that that's me
trying to be beep do it just do it I
don't know why your motivational speech
under memory can you really know you you
just can't know it's going to failure
he's got to be cautious of the fact that
it's going to fail you and take that
into consideration when you get lost
we got closely Park to us turn opposite
well here's the menu
so what's your first reaction to this
lady
oh hey bro come here please man
come look at the man is it what you and
Eric
this is what we ordered brisket and
under here I got sausage and we got some
buttermilk pie Eric there's our
big-screen TV man Wow thing's huge the
big-screen TV this could spot it
they got corners we do out there
put some Pico in the beans here mm yeah
that's what you should do
I got you something right here honey
you're welcome
you got the chopped brisket I got the
sliced it one's not too happy about the
Flies good
slipping you wanna bite of this
buttermilk pie that's good every fool
going out play cornhole hey bro come
here let's play cornhole there's a
beanbag throw it in the hole throw it in
the hole
look look throw it in the hole yay you
did it good job little fan for your
asthma you just wind it easily so here's
how we're playing this game because we
don't know how the middle ones gonna be
five points and the outsides are gonna
be one point I'm red
Eric's blue color symmetric shirt
we're matching our shirts okay so I got
more beanbags so that's good okay here
we go
Oh zero points huh zero I'm doing it
with the camera my hand so dang hardener
looks who at one point so Eric's
cheating so far it's good huh zero
that's zero
oh it knocked his fly pointer out two
points you only got to do two to three
out of three of them so it's okay what'd
you find over there no face kind of
grasshopper with no face avers getting
all into it
oh it's a nice little pleasure take kids
let them run around they need a
playground out here though hey buddy
go put the grasshopper
it's right in the center of it all
well we made it home what are you guys
doing guessing out here gamblers gonna
yeah we were gonna let you play in the
water but it's like almost 8:30 early in
the morning all right we got that fun
Eric and I are gonna go play some pool
you were like okay mean it's like if I
start wishing but really didn't care to
hear the answer and just say no of
course I can I totally care she told me
to be supportive like you're one to talk
anyway she's one to talk
all right so we're gonna go shoot some
pool area
oh my gosh look at this little hop that
he has at the horse symphony and cut for
playing mom and dad and these are their
pets and that I'm Abram seriously I'm
really in the mood to watch the
notebooks
I've been like really wanting to watch
that movie lately looks you guys is it
just so weird having seen the same yet
but like every time I'm pregnant I like
get in the mood for certain music and
certain movies and I've just been like I
really want to watch the notebook like I
want to watch that movie and like I
don't know it's just weird it's and
yesterday someone told me that I was
acting pregnant it just sounds like I
have been really really dying to watch
the notebook like love movies I don't
know I just kind of feel like but you
guys know I come through this frequently
so anyway so we're gonna go have some
winding down time come back tomorrow
we're gonna be doing some renovations
with the church again getting our new
church family a little bit better I'm
really excited about that I'll get to
work in the nursery with Amanda for the
first time which is a lady I met with
today and I'm just looking forward to it
so don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other I'll be the
hand that you get home you guys miss
that
what they're missing
