I said honey I'm the most important
person in your life she said no you're
not sandy is because I said what should
I name my video for news nests and he
said name it stupid kids interview
the same
we've got to live
we've got to give
and this together wedding everyone how's
it going me and Avram are the only ones
up and in the house
me and Abram are about to go take a walk
you know what I'm really just like so
thankful this morning I woke up with a
lot of energy I woke up at 6:30 after
going to bed at 3:00 and I just
surprisingly have so much energy
I've got like all my laundry sorted out
so you're like four or five votes today
I just did the dishes I'm actually like
doing extra stuff with the dishes and
like cleaning out my drawers and like I
don't do that that's not my daily
routine you know to like clean out all
your drawers and organize stuff so I
just surprisingly upgrade usually when I
go to sleep like really late or early in
the morning I crave for like extra
energy the next day just like timing
with the energy that I should be lagging
because I'm going to sleep so so he did
it I have energy and I'm ready to go
good morning my energetic little buddy
how could you not have energy with this
little thing running around you so much'
fine guys his hair is getting so long
back here still getting all tangled up
up here this is just from the car seat
ride taking simple you to BBS this
morning hey what are we gonna do we're
gonna go in a walk wow what am i thought
ball what should go CB run pop off mango
for your snack and here's your juice
we'll let that riding sissy seat since
she's at VBS so one way to do
homeschooling you make it fun and
interactive getting out of the house and
away from the kitchen table it says just
take a simple walk like this like when
I'm with Symphony we we practice our
colors and obviously obviously she knows
her colors but we said we review it and
we go over them and Spanish but just
playing I spy hello and so I play iSpy
and I'll say okay find something
Rojo and she'll find something red and
she'll say oh the string on that trash
bag over there so with abraham when i do
with him as we just kind of talked about
with what our surroundings are like
Abram do you see the trees and I'll kind
of wait for him to point at the trees
where's the sky a room he'll point to
the sky it's really not much different
than what they'd be doing in a classroom
studying at school so I'm excited I'm
really looking forward to having this
time with Abram when she goes to school
I think it's gonna be really
really good for us I could teach him a
little more about discipline and how to
be you know calm and express himself a
little differently because he will be
two by the time that she is in school or
shortly after so today's I just want to
throw that little tip out there we were
doing it I thought why not share it
Abram
do you hear that loud noise is it loud
yeah yellow mango can you say yellow
yellow yellow mango good job
I'm making lasagna for dinner probably
my least favorite meal to cook all they
ever made like two homemade ones uh
Symphony has her was it called family
night tonight we're leaving in about 45
minutes of shame family night you're
gonna perform at church at baby is
Sydney ready to perform in front of a
big audience this is God's new princess
oh yeah
I did Abraham's hair before we left
I'm just so proud of it it's like a
little surfer I wish I could hold him
but my chest is killing me my chest is
still hurting I feel like I'd like
probably fractured rib or something I
was thinking maybe I hurt myself at the
church before we're doing demolition I
hit the wall there's some stupid jump
kicks into the wall and stuff but it
didn't hurt that day did her inside the
next day are you going there me and mom
go in there Oh fine I see this one here
what we're looking at over here
that's a waterfall like what's all this
stuff on the side of it all over there
you can see the little turtle
Abram you see the butterfly
do you see the big butterfly
butterfly
family
this is awesome symphony this is where
you got your lessons these are my bags
these went to all the father's I'm
really excited by open they gave me two
I guess they're full like little prizes
like noisemakers and stuff I don't know
but either way I'm really excited about
it okay come on crazy kid do you guys
know how this all started
Blaine just came up to me one day while
I was working on the I said hey where's
your VBS not told me about it and she
was actually pretty nervous about it at
first I don't know if I'm ready for her
to go I'm glad she came but I feel like
if it were somewhere where we didn't
know anyone like bland and Sally I
probably would have still felt really
apprehensive that Ranger I don't know
I'm just funny like that you never don't
know people I was really happy for her
to go on her own practice
before she actually start school dude
what are you I'm crazy duh you're in a
parking lot man this is it a playground
Sonia thinks I'm the least supportive
person in her life I did not say the
leaf wall not the most supportive person
I don't think you're the most supportive
she thinks Sandy's more supportive in
einer something's wrong there guys I
should be the most important person in
life she says I don't want you needed
her videos on her channel and I do watch
and when you watch them you don't come
back and tell me what I did a good job
on we're not just talking out my youtube
videos that way she's not looking for
what she you did good job and you're
looking for constructive criticism
aren't you not just that of course I
want to know if you think I did a good
job what I was saying was that saying he
always texts me every week and tells me
that I did a good job and what she liked
about my video that's all I was saying
and she's always really excited when I
have an idea for my channel honey I'm
the most important person in your life
she said no you're not sandy is because
I said what should I name my video for
knee is missing and he said name what
stupid kids interview it only took 15
tries for me to get my nails to look
like this sandy came over and we played
nails nail studio and it kind of a cool
one oh yeah oh that did turn out cute
uh-huh I don't know if the cameras focus
even though is this what you did your
knees messed with this one no some of
them yeah the very last one caffeine has
videos you look so clear oh no I did it
with Sam self alarm thank you see
support right there you guys you guys
know I'm come on she doesn't even know
what we talked about earlier I didn't
say it like that
all right well Sadie's going home Sam
doesn't want to stay up all night again
obviously I don't either so oh my gosh I
still have to clean the kitchen no you
don't to clean up the kitchen just put
the lasagna morning well I guess we'll
see you guys tomorrow a little bit now
it's pretty late time is it 1:00 a.m. I
have a photo shoot the morning and
engagement shoot 7:00 a.m.
we'll see you tomorrow guys don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
you
