me is already in a new yoga attire yes
my shirt and my pants are all better we
did not any new clothing for this me
always finds a reason to go shopping
okay no I did I need a shirt I'm like
Antar yoga pants girl and I want some
it's hot an order sweat pants or shorts
over dancing if you're gonna be wait I
don't tell me
all right well guys you are my sister
made by the same guy love
by the same
got to give
well
I'm gonna snuggle mommy come on let's go
snuggle now you want to snuggle
how many guys we're all getting ready
here Rachel's gonna go do something
special with us today should we tell him
my mom's here she stayed out watching
the kids while we go do our things today
make some short shorts there Rachel just
had her wisdom tooth pulled how's it
going right give us an update oh you
can't really talk party club so when you
gonna be ready Rach how much longer cuz
you're already late zero no wait I did
tell me that oh alright well go ahead
and tell you guys so ABC contacted us
and they asked us to try out for the new
dance competition called dance battle
America things what's called it's like a
spin-off from Dancing with the Stars
it's the judge from that show and
somebody else two ladies from the show
are coming out with their own show and
they asked us to try out so that's what
we're going to do today and our team is
called the Raiders how creative is that
hey man you're gonna be on our team
Andrew was going to be a part of our
dance team but you said you didn't want
to do it so whatever um stop talking why
are you shaking your glasses
so yeah which we got her little
sprockets that I got at that garage
though guys remember that remember that
guard cell I'm so excited
I needed some two real ones
- Rachel hit the lottery how did this
kid why did you over here
well find you this time get out of here
this is the Bliss set oh I could never
receive
Rachel makes steampunk jewelry thing
this is soap do you have some money no
she saw some pictures like that thing
you mean you know what it's all me
Instagram hey this one guys
what are you gonna do this one right
you'll see it looks so cute wait a
little bit weird but this one's cool
real ones are really hard to find oh no
you got your baby babies out
my long legs have you everywhere
Rachel's good at that so I got a little
I'll be in the middle right I'll be
jumping out first off another and with
these long legs got me everywhere how
was baby yesterday baby great which I'll
do mmm we play we made crap what kind of
crap did you make we made crafts mix
rocks rocks
what was that about did you have fun
what are you doing hi splash - okay good
morning guys I just got back from
picking up symphony from BBS and now
we're getting ready to go grab some
giant waters and go practice outside in
this heat for our little dance tryout
video we are off to the park we start a
little bit inside but we realize that
the kids are wanting mommy don't hold
Tom sir we'll take this somewhere else
that's a good movie all right so this is
what we got so far we got like the intro
of the song down here somewhere
interests
that's messy guys is too messy messy
you're right
he's going through some big ones they
did it the break-up move her number one
move so I feel like things are going
really well but Nia keeps saying she's
hungry I want to get this done and it's
just been really stressful up to this
point just because Nia's keep
complaining that she's hungry and Rachel
keeps saying she's hurting I don't know
what we're going to do rules the place
is all about
seriously what is beauty I get over
there oh man we got a injury our first
injury Rachel pulls our flank muscle
that's such a thing okay
good job guys
you flipped no I forgot as you can see
the ladies got me carrying everything
we're gonna take a lunch break go eat
some greasy burgers Freitag deal with
your tooth over there is it not what am
i hurting that's good oh my gosh I'm so
hungry you guys I'm like he needs food
okay yes so this is really hard we're
making up all our own movements and it's
fun but we're just out of energy it
seems like we got like the last 30
seconds of the song to do we're doing
two minutes of the song honey I'm good
hi hey bro did you miss us
yes my dancing whoa don't jump bunny
Samuel the whole tummy arms of God he
kept safe - yeah Oh everything yeah yeah
did you miss your daddy you miss daddy
it was dirty idea good we go outside we
look at that dad yeah dad daddy
twizzle side boat some rough Dada Dada
Dada Dada did you miss fati - just hurry
now
did you love you yeah where did we go we
went dancing
uh-huh Hey
good kicking stuff around you want to
sit huh
I'm gonna pull you around sit down now
I'll pull you put your feet up
say hey mommy
say hi mommy you wanna ride Symphony you
I don't think this is a whole two people
just put that you are still seer you
somebody who makes you change man oh no
it wasn't you jump down buddy we're home
from the dance now guys we are worn out
I am anyways I feel like I could pass
out Rachel already dead we're driving
Atlanta's hard yes what's wrong it was
pretty hard loser I enough give me the
number mom this is the new singer my mom
wants to know we're loving it she said
so I don't know never vlogging we need
to do this so if you guys see us do this
randomly throughout the day it means
we're time my mom never bought me
symphonies cleaning up the playroom and
her bedroom to earn back the toys we
took away why did we take those toys
away anyway since I might colored on
them made them all different color
didn't you DVD pebbles stop barking
sheep are a lot of walk down the street
without you barking at him you don't
live here
mom pebbles is kind of a neglected dog
really you neglect this dog how could
you tell
if she speights of people
oh yeah okay okay
I saw me I'm sorry right I'm sorry I'm
sorry
pebble pebbles come here symphony does
actually can't scare he we go mister
what happened sharpener to me at your
toys back how you gonna clean them up
doesn't come off that it you don't mind
that they have yellow faces because I'm
just trying to meet masking met
Halloween mask is on masks it's kind of
our work
I thought you were afraid of masks no um
just um scarier whines you know jaundice
is right
it's yellowing of the skin caused by
liver disease anyway I think we're going
to take we weren't going to carry over
today into tomorrow for the dancing but
we decided to just go and give them our
best version of the day so we'll see
what happens guys we'll keep you updated
you guys are probably confused about it
they don't really give you much
information or tell you about it we
actually did tell you about it that's
the footage at neodo they did max know
the mishap that happened on the day of
symphonies ballet I deleted the footage
of us telling you this big exciting news
yes oh yeah so that's a nurse for not
ever dancing before the three of us have
never danced together we've never
choreographed a song and we've never
danced truly I danced a colorguard a
little bit like we would have little
segments where it was like a group of
people dancing at the same beads you
guys are probably wondering why didn't
we why did we even try out it's because
the sky seemed pretty adamant about
wanting us you like reached out to me
like three different times and asked me
hey man when you're going to get us at
footage we really want you guys to try
out sounds like hey why not all right
guys here we go we're about to submit it
you guys ready guys I want to submit it
with me maybe all of us Dukes click at
the same time yeah my wrist motion is
it's on set that's it okay I'll do it
put your finger on here don't push I say
it's like wished I say something okay
all right we're about to make one 2:03
video a mom that's official
all right that's a final video tools
behind-the-scenes footage some photos of
us and some documents we'll see what
helped you I'm gonna refresh my email
every five seconds you seem laughing I
do like it right now no reply
still no reply
similar parties what this can't be good
oh we definitely make it our guys I'm so
tired this reminds me of summers in band
camp doing color guard just being like
hot and sweaty and tired and sore from
Sam's foot over there
I feel like today was so much fun oh and
two people sent me and pictures of race
that they made while watching my
tutorial that was really special for me
I was so intimidated making that video
and it's just really cool to see people
going good going to the store getting
the stuff and making it we had so much
fun right oh yeah we did right yeah all
right and don't forget guys we love you
and remember to love each other
you
you
