good morning everyone would right in
this car we are headed to VBS and what
is today Symphony bring a friend a do we
have a friend coming who is it
Katie Katie musically run hands and face
face my friend Tessa is behind me she is
bringing her daughter Katie Symphony's
age to VBS so cute it's 8:20 6:00 in the
morning and you guys like for me that's
early I use I'm used to being up like
I'm used to like just out getting out of
bed but since Sam took the paper off of
our windows Abrams been waking up at
like 6:00
6:30 every morning you all my brother
you are my sister
by the same guy loved by the same yard
we've got
we've got to give
well
in this together hi Katie
oh you look so pretty hey Tessa I'm
trying oh hey buddy your hair oh love it
I love it
hi girls you want to go in you sure do
don't want to go in now okay come on
you're gonna get the Judah blocked out
hey I'm just got really shy with Natalie
hey guys you're playing Jenga do y'all
know how to play Jenga Natalie's got it
going she's stacking him up
so cute they're playing so sweet this is
really like the first time that they've
gotten to like actually play together
Abraham's got older how old is Natalie
huh three hey Rosa aimin to yet um a
room just went right into Tessa's arms
he reached his arms out and went with
her she bribed him with a car I'm gonna
go secret shop in her store she is a
store manager almost at Claire's and I'm
coming speakers see how it goes take her
shopping what good she said all the
things does it that show sad to say it
was so awkward I've never been in that
position before I always know what to
ask for when I'm shopping I shot a lot
and I was just like what do I want
what's even attracted to me but everyone
good she did everything she just posted
here's the babies in the little fire
truck so guys we haven't told you yet
but we have something pretty exciting
planned for this weekend kind of a
secret surprise maybe we'll tell you
today maybe tomorrow I don't know but I
will give you a hint I got some active
wear today
for this event that we're going to Sam
he's just gray shorts and I found a $3
tank top for him he got really cute so
you guys have got to see this here we
hold is really quite big Tessa can hold
it for me you guys have got to see this
$5.00 sweater that I got for Avery for
this winter how cute is that
Old Navy has a really good cellphone on
right now so yeah
Mischa researchers one Daniel was one
but then ago was one who was the last
one how did it go girls here come out of
the doorway come here Symphony said she
learned about Shadrach Meshach and
Abednego today what happened to them we
got
oh no did they get burned why not Jesus
you're bending yeah
oh my goodness good job remembering that
story vicar mami ready Florida huh fire
to go in its new home yes I'm ready
yay oh that's so cool Symphony thank you
for making that we'll always remember
that Jesus saved Shadrach Meshach and
Abednego from the fire just like he
saves us from the fire as long as we
follow him yeah yeah come on Abram I
mean the kids are gonna go across the
street and look through some garbage is
it a diaper
that's okay I don't really care
something's wearing some extra small
shoes today plastic shoes at that twenty
broom yeah it's hot
hey Avram I'll pick you up ground it's
hot out of here it's surprising because
Ivan sunny city there's a suitcase
hold down the suit you look like with it
pretend you're going on a trip yeah all
right come on do you like it no I don't
like anything oh they are moving you
guys move in
are you doing this day so when's that
start next month cool we'll be there Oh
sipping look this nice break no look
it's broken that's a perfectly good rake
but look it's broken
alright you don't like it we'll just put
it back we decided to come back home it
really is just a bunch of trash Sippi we
pull the suitcase out and lift it in the
road whoops can you go put it back
yeah don't blow my pain okay the ground
is really hot and I don't have any shoes
on I coach up for the mailman come on
get over there got a bite no the paper
you like pears you okay come on he's
gotta hurry up there you go just a the
grass the tire passes you can walk her
over there oh my gosh that was funny
that's dangerous when you can't make a
decision in the middle of the road
that's what you get hit come on she's
waiting for you come on okay
that's not the criminal guys that's not
hurt it was a guy actually we don't know
what the update is you guys keep asking
did you guys or did they ever catch a
criminal a flame did they ever find that
guy
we don't know wait and on up with dr.
people's nobody updated you know I
didn't talk to our secretary up there
but I don't you know anything about the
police oh there you go
we don't know anything that causes they
caught him you see Blaine Blaine say
Blaine Sidney's help me Sally and Blaine
water the plants Sally Sally gives the
light box for symphony to do tracing
with sip your words heat you have a
trace tonight you've never done Tracy's
before I think it's a good way for you
to starting drawing
yeah you do okay you've done stencil so
that's a little bit different I'll show
you how to use this when we get home
okay it's a light box not cool thanks
guys everyone smell the mint smell it
look everybody young ruler
no he's he was that's how he smells he
blows and stuff except it was that's not
like you like doing that thank you
no no not everyone to do it he's always
step over you're going back you're not
tall enough yet buddy you have little
ways to go okay when you get toned out
you can play with that yeah what do you
have now Symphony what is that thank you
what is it called what I saw I tell you
this age man she has her own sage out
here she cooks with he did Symphony no
she met not just taste it yeah okay
melodious what is that Mazal basil
uh-huh let me smell no man is this one
good it smells Anthony here that is yeah
that's the smell of time time smells
good doesn't it this is what we decided
we're just going to pick something is
that are you all right go put it on the
light box okay so now you put a piece of
paper on top of it and you trace her you
get a pencil and you trace their own
this other piece of paper that cool
there you go that's how you do it
I'm really good at Trey you are good at
tracing
alright see what you got now this is the
one you drew yeah that's the one you
traced and I get another one right here
no no that's when we printed silly
that's the one you were tracing looks
like you missed your body right here but
other than that you did a really good
job so if you line it back up line it
all back up like that there now draw
that line right there J for my aerial
right there you go bring me the bag go
go go ah that leg pain oh yeah mommy
over there public telephones a light box
everyone give me a chip can I have a
chip please Abram
Avram City get the bag why did you me
Abram bring me a chip already I feel a
package already oh oh no not me eating
kid buddy you gotta set up set up by
eating chips I slip they bring me some
chips I told the viewers today that we
might tell the market our news today oh
there's some right there
eat those you drop them pick them up no
you drop them here to you yeah he's cool
keep the chips
Abram you broke them you don't be nice
to each other that trash over there
we're gonna go get her shot and eat some
Dindin
y'all want to come along with us when I
was buckling up Abram cool if you can do
well well well
you
you
random
