good morning everybody everybody down
here eating oatmeal simply meant to go
pick out her clothes for VBS today I'm
so happy for her she's gonna be BS mom
mom took us six kids or five kids to VBS
like several times a year to different
churches you take us around and just
drop us off at different BBS's
for us to learn an environment that was
free and godly is really cool you guys
want to my heart looks like this is my
heart rhythm I had some really bad chest
pains last night look yeah there you go
that's the electrical activity of my
heart you are my sister
I love butter say
got to give love
and this together show the daddy what is
this you want you to show me is that
your necklace infini no what is it
I think I was around the webbing
research one of the best things they
hear when you come home from work I was
hugging me up as your daughter from the
table saying come here my daddy I love
those like what what are the kisser so
cute look who's on time for VBS guys
I've really gotta practice being on time
for baby she's gonna start school go up
the stairs
Abram loves the sunroof lately lately
this is one thing that cheers this boy
up in the car oh I'm thinking that he
loves outside in all forms he feels like
he's outside so Abram and I have about
three and a half hours before we can
pick up symphony I'm going to be getting
some wreath supplies and I think Abram
might be spending a little bit of time
with man guys like it my stuffed buggy
it's just full of stuff thank goodness
that I had someone to be with the kids
right now because I don't know where I'd
put them they'd be running around here
like crazy little munchkins I'm telling
you guys I'm having so much fun shopping
for Reed's it's like I've started making
a little bit of a newer style like a
little more lush greenery and oh there
goes my tops yeah it fell down it's
empty don't worry there's like one sip
left but trust me I'm gonna get that
last sip I don't know it's just so much
fun doing that style versus like the
typical like you know style that I've
been doing before I started doing these
because they were just so repetitive
from but my tutorial is coming Wednesday
I found part of it last night and I
think it went okay I made a couple
mistakes I think overall it was okay
okay so the one I'm looking for is
yellow Paisley with gray the reef that I
made for Judy got ordered a lot so Judy
you're amazing thank you for giving me a
shout out I did not expect that
and it really just helps support my
business it's so sweet of her well
that's cute this belongs in Sandy's
house she has like bird we have bird
stuff in our house too but not like
Danny she's got more of a theme than I
do
oh this is cute too actually this looks
more like sandy that other one looks
like me that's so cute
this is like the Nia's nest thing you
know it says Nia's Nessa minting the
little arrow actually goes that way but
I love arrows oh my gosh I thought I
need this in my craft room which is it
$13
look at all this fun stuff for the kids
while we're doing the renovation at
church they're spending several hours
behind closed doors while all the
parents work we're going to make
princess of the King hats I have this
fun stuff over here to do like putting
on the armor of God a helmet sore to
shield okay to go what did you get
follow follow the star and follow Jesus
why don't we wait till we get in the car
okay
listen to mystery everyone tomorrow is
bring a friend a Oh bring a friend you
are surprises for tomorrow
oh well it's beautiful we can hang it in
your room what does this say you wrote
your name it says this is the way there
were buttons on it we can put the
buttons back on it's not a big deal
that's beautiful baby
whoa
good job butterfly he said it so well
keys becoming a big talker aren't you
okay what good is right here was that
what you made of you yesterday
oh cool cutie every are you gonna pray
today can you pray can you pray for boot
seguir god everyone say dear God can you
say dear God
can you say God is good
god is great its high point low point
time yeah so what was your high point
yes there's a certain part of VBS all
that I like well who's your favorite
part about it when we play outside in
the Pro Bowl
hey broom what was your high point
gappy Dappy what that mean Symphony - I
think he's trying to say um leave es
yeah we could've been me yesterday when
I walked out the door this morning come
home from work that was the right when I
left but the CPR come in and an
unresponsive patient so we're intubating
two patients at once let's say for a
little bit but they didn't but it was
nice to be able to get out of there
I got Starbucks this morning that's good
you got your high point I don't know I
also had fun picking up Cynthia me man
he jumps up with her ground Howie runs
to me and showed me stuff that was
really sweet
we had a pretty relaxing time here in
your nap time - this is hot point right
now you're just getting the chips and
turning apart but he's angry about
hey hey hey mom look at him he's like
crushing on Washington pull yeah
probably
well guys I'm about to go to work and I
saw that Hannah Benenati for the second
time has asked me to show my saw injury
scar it's gonna be gut-wrenching just a
warning okay it's not a pretty sight not
at all there it is that's my scar the
redness is going away slowly so that's
good it's not nearly as red as it was
the nails coming in but I'm afraid it's
going to be going upwards I'm afraid
that the nails going to go like this
instead of like this so I've made it a
habit to like push on that nail while
it's growing and just kind of as a big
hump of scar tissue right underneath the
end of it there I think it's causing it
to go up but we'll see what happens it's
about half way there you go bye bye
don't forget your lunch daddy don't
forget your lunch daddy
don't forget lunch
goodbye daddy you need the keys Avram
daddy daddy you need the keys need the
keys bye bye daddy bye daddy bye daddy
daddy's gonna work
be careful daddy we love you
oh my god the car oh you look like that
it's so precious he's ever try to put
the keys in the keyhole yeah bye daddy
see you can do it put in the hole okay
let me help you
somebody's not locking with the keyless
entry anymore that everything at once
guys hey your lunch daddy
putting the seat over there you go start
the car you guys start the car so which
side is it on
you need help can you do that there you
go let's turn some a/c on in here
there you go mister I just did my hair
for my knee and s-video and our amazing
sweet neighbor Britney had her daughter
bring over her straightener oh my gosh
the stranger is amazing
nanos i mean IAM by baby bliss pro I
feel like I need to look into getting
one of these
here's cami she's been playing with the
kid she brought this straightener over
and then she stayed and hung out while I
got ready they just love it when she
comes over she I was like hammies gonna
bring over her mom's hair straightener
and both the kids just ran to the door
and waited until she got here so cute
welcome to symphonies life today I'm
gonna be me and a necklace made out of
purple play-doh so first you make it
make some turtles by rolling a ball
between my hands low you know awesome
make one more I mean in a little bit
more and then I'll get some more
play-doh and make these balls huh
Turtles any now let's start making our
necklace hit so you get some Flatow and
then you move over your baby
and a little bit your big piece of wine
I mean you get your big wine and then
you start rolling it like this no can't
have my bowl day one no that's my girl
able here sis is pearls and mommy's and
see he's trying to make plant video give
me my bowl right now
ah and then you have your big pizza up
your necklace part then you start adding
the pearls Omani it's hard for me to
make it because I've never made a pearl
necklace out of play-doh before in one
more to put on and tada
I'm all done mommy thank you for
watching me for my first play-doh video
Oh would you wanna watch next
