so they fell so we're gonna open our
presents now
I like making sickness dreams come true
together good morning guys despite what
it looks like this is not going to be
another laundry day for me I'm just
staying on top of things and taking
things from each hamper because there's
only like three things in each chamber
and I'm just taking it to the washer
getting it on right it's only three more
days till Christmas on lending Juliet
we're all her little outfits out before
it's time to put them away blankie yes
oh you want to hook Mama's leg Oh little
girl too sweet I'm getting my hair done
later today and doing something I've
never done before
excited giggling okay they need a
haircut actually we were gonna do that
while daddy's been gone we forgot maybe
we'll do that tomorrow morning
oh goodness look at all these donations
or Christmastime
are you ready to open our presents that
means you're not ready so we don't have
to do it Oh
Stephanie you in here something fell
well yep that felt that just fall sure
did
here's something flossing that was
coming next so watch out so as I
explained yesterday I got this room all
level in here and while I was down here
working I was laying right underneath
there jacking up the house all this came
down on me I saw it coming like okra put
my head down and I pretty much got
buried in that insulation was really
funny I kind of expected this stuff to
fall or something a fall this isn't a
big deal at all compared to the work I'm
doing
I had to jack up the house like a four
inches so it's causing some damage as it
goes up
jaqen minis my favorite ever we made it
with three minutes of fear so that I
could get the breakfast food here they
have the best French play it's my
all-time favorite fast food breakfast
food like in the whole Julianne I'm
gonna do some eggy some chicken
nope Abram came to get me he told me
Juliette was stuck and I walk in she's
not stuck okay Ron you were right she
does want to get down and she's having a
hard time some of them climb through get
the baby well guys it's raining cats and
dogs outside so I decided not raining
cats and dogs that means it's raining
really hard oh yeah I'm not going to do
any more work today I just got to go
painting out of the house driving bricks
and stuff so we're gonna call it a day
so we're gonna open our presents now
who's ready to open some presents I am
come on you got me
if you squeeze it and it just part
Tooting noise we're getting smarter for
you at least it does right
yeah you reckon they're doing you've got
now thank you
Gary you drink this is a three moment
look you know I got that for you you how
to remove drinking about yes and you can
tell me a lot that you want to see you I
just wanna remind you recruited a dragon
cruise and you gotta work hard for it so
when you wear that just remember to work
hard for you German
hey guys headed out or girls I'm
cleaning out my car while I get guys
look at all this junk you guys it's
awful that's a Christmas Mabel take it
in and hang get you coffee spill I know
it don't judge me please don't be in
such a big girl picking kind of a brat
in my car I don't know he just did it
I tell Sam I'm like babe I'm just way
over in the car department I grew up
watching it and that's what I need it's
that I like I feel like that's what I
need and we kind of look for and my man
he's been gone so much when we have free
time
okay before my little girl date I'm here
to get a gift certificate for something
he said the young Chefs Academy we did
one need where we for the gifts this
year and they're gonna be her
before sent me and I hit home window
shop for some Christmas hours on a
christmas arrangement of flowers for mom
it's frustrating cuz I just talked to
Nia gave her a call and she was like I'm
about to go out with my girlfriends
we're gonna go pick up some flowers on
the way back unless you want to do that
for me I was like yeah I wanna go get
you some flowers that was our plan we're
planning on stopping here after we had
that little snack so here we are let's
see what they got
we just need some flowers just like a
christmas arrangement for my wife
we can put like Christmas stuff in we
adhere of something else you can put
with the roses yeah
like what I've got white and red they're
called different carnations
okay yeah be cool after all that there
are two roses she's trying to call
another shop and they were out too so we
are headed to I don't know somewhere
else maybe a Walmart on the way home I
don't know they wanted to hear something
really nice
we're going to take this right here all
around it there's a homemade hat here
she's eating a little that is so
cool that is the best way I wish I could
play like that much more
what's reaction one of me do you think
she'll give me a kiss
right here and I didn't tell you guys
what Virginia we're getting our hair
back no I've never done so I'm guessing
these are the girls one is have a look
at different on you guys beautiful
how many in here did you guys know that
getting your hair blown out is like such
a thing
not bloated I stink curl it right our
rollers in my hair keep that we create
with the poet writer
so we're basically molding in to make
her stay high and look beautiful smooth
texture hey I want to do a reveal so I'm
showing you guys but I'm not gonna see
it looking like that it's gorgeous
gorgeous hello that's all right here in
Wroclaw quad hello gorgeous and it's
beautiful icon that looks like it came
from the scene of the crime
Wow no but still I've never seen that in
my hair
it's nobody who's I was telling you
injure you what I wanted yesterday I was
telling her I don't know what to search
for picture like I want the tremor it's
like this it's smooth like I couldn't
like worth it and then I'm all done what
do you guys think doesn't it look really
witness Thank You Ashley
anytime look at all that volume you guys
it's crazy so Stephanie what did you
request when we took off from Oklahoma
yeah cute
shoot no you request the Paris you said
I want to go to Paris instead of home
can we go to Paris why'd you have to go
to Paris instead of home what else is
popular in Paris oh yeah Tiffany just
fell in love with the movie leap these
two orphans escaped from the orphanage
and go to Paris to make their dreams
come true
simply wonder look Paris so here we are
yeah since we're in Paris we'll leave
this to the Eiffel Tower there it is
right there yeah but the top protective
stylus is around right
so where's uncle Homer like right there
yet no this way so we go through parents
for my house get your pair so they come
up here whoo whoa what's that far show
mommy
yeah
how romantic you love it in Paris yeah
cool I just don't wanna believe we
should stay the night here for only one
night
I like making these dreams come true
dinner was amazing I just thought I
would show you our hair together chicken
and steak salad we have this cheese
stuff before it was so dang good but
we're just sitting here talking now it's
really early like 7 o'clock something
7:30 like done and tired we're home guys
I'm so excited to be here symphonies
been sleeping come on let's go side of
you kids let's go kids
Mia's not here
oh sweet face I said up Nia's Christmas
flower arrangement right here when she
walks in the door so hopefully when she
comes in I'll come say hi honey I'll
stop here
sure give me a big hug and she's looking
over my shoulders she'll see all the
flowers then I'm gonna put the camera in
here so you guys can get her reaction
she sure is
guys mommy's here wherever you want oh
my gosh I cannot even believe this one
I'm so like okay oh my gosh they're so
beautiful
oh my gosh they're all so cute little
trees it's so cute cuz I wait I really
wanted to start a village collection
this is Christmas and we didn't
and it's kind of like I got to have my
little piece because that's just still
part of the keep that after flowers a
and we saw his star in the east it's
wrapping time up in this house and
comment of the day coming today goes to
mow my favorite movie is pursuit of
happiness that's a great movie makes me
want to watch again it's been so long
thanks for joining us today guys
question of the day is what is your
dream I'll see you guys tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
say bye guys guys we're about to do
something super super exciting should I
forget somewhere I've always wanted
