Abram you have light in your room we're
gonna looking at the light look at the
line see the light see my shadow see my
shadow look yeah let me get down
again there
Lauren goes I'm making punch this
morning latkes french toast video I
remember loving school name you're so
nice I'm gonna slice up the bread dip it
in eggs cinnamon ginger hey I had a bad
dream about Nia last night tell me about
that
I came to bed and he was like turn light
off I had a bad dream he said to the lot
of ya girls reading our car was stuck
for some reason or another and there's a
button in the car to release or to call
for help like one of those um I was like
OnStar we don't have on so I was finally
I even dreamed about it but I click the
OnStar button and they called are they
answered and when they answer to merge
the ebrake automatic releases for some
reason we had the e brake on and Nia was
behind the car and we were on a hill so
in the e brake released it went
backwards just for like 30 second or 10
seconds and I heard me go oh I was like
oh my gosh and I got out of the car and
I looked in front of the car and he was
right there laying on the ground she was
smashed so horrible bad yeah what yeah
they're sittin in the car there's just a
dream I have forgot to have those here
you're gonna listen
my first batch is toasting up cuz that
there good dip it
oh man don't be sticky take a morning
bad
you're supposed to bite it buddy not
stuck officer thanks sucker I pretty
much only eat some now if he gets about
himself you notice that you got a sour
wine Randa slim Oh God eat it
oh did you guys see what that word of
the day was on dictionary.com don't try
to say it Symphony more cuz it's not a
word of the day that's the word of the
day I don't make it up it means the
estimation of something as valueless
it's um it's an example of one of the
longest words in the dictionary as
floccinaucinihilipilification say
Symphony a floccinaucinihilipilification
a floccinaucinihilipilification say that
can you at least try it out
come on it starts with F
floccinaucinihilipilification
floccinaucinihilipilification the actual
longest word in the dictionary is lung
condition and it's it's the longest word
in the world except for one word that
pretty much you can't even say it's a
paragraph long other than that this is
the longest word in the world you write
it for the longsword in the world nunal
ultra-microscopic Sileo volcano Coney
OSIS I see that either yeah I've got my
little set up my coffee we are music
going for the bathtub and the laundry
folding and just kind of relax and it
feels so good usually we're outside when
Sam's outside and there's just something
about being in the house
ghetto anyone home saying this is how
abram brushes his teeth after the
bathtub towel and all W we do in
Virginia T toothpaste toothbrush a
little water not too much she's so tiny
get your teeth cleaned don't worry guys
I brush them for him before he got to do
this part
you
okay guys I wanted to do like an outfit
of the day I am so into wearing like
t-shirts with skirts for the summer and
tucking them in this is actually Sam's
t-shirt it's saved the store and then I
have on the Chevron skirt I've had it
for years and like this exact color is
in one of the stripes so I just thought
why not make kind of like a boho chic
look out of my my t-shirt or Sam's
t-shirt I like it
my hair is doing all this weird fluff
stuff today I got a straight knit or
Carlat or something I put a little bit
of gel in it yesterday after I watched
it like spray in like anti frizz like
natural wave spray stuff and then why
are you nervous don't be nervous follow
mommy though we are about to do a trial
run of symphonies ballet recital curls
so I got these curlers yesterday oh you
said about him so I can place a green
light recommended me to put her hair up
in one ponytail like on the top of her
head I'm worried that only this part is
going to curl though because her hair so
short
believe in the windows already did
we have sounded wow limit
nice to have that back in I can't wait
for my morning coffee some right we're
all done with her here look at the
ballerinas bananas Urkel yay
they she said these were bothering her a
little bit and they're already kind of
coming unrolled and so we're probably
only going to leave those in for like 30
minutes and leave the rest of it in for
an hour what are you looking for a room
no car buggy we had to make a home depot
run Sam ran out of white paint for the
trim and all the exterior stuff so we
are here getting hopefully our two last
gallons of paint for this job that Sam's
working on in the house it's just so
much looking incredible I'm just so
excited about it so while they're mixing
our paints up I'm looking at the
planters outside see these right here
this would be perfect the red one to put
like a big green bushy plant in the
green is cute too in the teal I love it
I might get these today somebody's that
these are really starting to bother her
and it's been about an hour so I'm gonna
take the sides out and then when we get
home we'll take these out ah look at
that she's not here
fool that one did better communes what
do you think okay Missy look at mommy
you have Curly's on the side yeah okay
it's time to see the end results of this
we're gonna see how it did
are you ready alright these are turning
out pretty good watch how it bounces up
into her ponytail get that it's a good
little curl
check it out Sam I've gotta fix it and
stuff still but turn around let him see
the back it's so fluffy everywhere I did
it up in a ponytail that's what was
suggested to me I think next time I
might not do it like that she does this
house Symphony helps mommy clean out the
car I just make a pile of stuff on the
ground that belongs in the house she
takes four things at one time to the
house you're working on shoes and a
headband right now since Sam is out here
working on the house I feel guilty like
sitting in the cool air conditioning
while he's out here scorching it's hot
so I decided to come out and clean out
the car now I'm gonna clean out our
pantry Abram you didn't really help that
much buddy
do you want to take your backpack off
we're about to go to nap are you ready
to read a book this is Superman yeah
free boy
buddy did you get tangled did you get
tangled could you always stuff your arms
in the side of the bed perfect we need
to take that bumper off now she's old
enough it doesn't really serve its
purpose you put his arm it oh it's
ripped - yeah you guys won update so
this is where I'm at now I'm done spring
all the cream has been sprayed all the
blue has been sprayed and now what I'm
doing I'm just noticing that looks like
this different color creams up there and
that why does it look like that some
downside of getting different gallons of
paint at different times when you put
the paint up there looks like different
colors whatever okay
so right now what I'm doing is I'm going
around the house for the up team time
and I'm taking down this tape look at
this tape guys get the bugs this tape is
clipped in you know how long this tape
has been up there two months it's been
up there for two months so I'm also all
I'm up here taking the tape down little
look at that I'm also doing patchwork on
the white with the brush give me places
I missed and give me places this great
gun when it reach tape hold up through
all that rain it's actually on there
really good it's kind of hard to get off
there this keeps happening or little
pieces are coming up and it's getting
stuck underneath and I got some peeling
paint under there hi April what's up man
what is that you check the mail say
energy try action I taught him to say
energy say it hey edgy thank you looking
so good looks so good the parts where
the tape is down I love it
well I made it to this into the house
guys and I got stopped by these guys
play this mine goodness I didn't know
ants lived in wood they're not termites
thank goodness this is regular Lance I
was peeling off the tape that came
swarming up started dropping on me and
it's right above Andrews room I said I
didn't hide anything up there don't even
block which I'll take care of it Andrew
keeps his pastries up there
thanks but you get that little girl over
there where she doing she's Molly no yes
can you believe it how old do you think
she is maybe seven no she's probably
like 13 when you would start moving
along and when I'm fine next year this
year me are you sure I'm sure
this I gotta cut it open for you they
have been on a little icy frenzy this
afternoon it's so hot outside I just
break them in half for them so together
they've had one and a half sim please
want to take the little Grove the road I
see go ahead baby don't be shy just say
hi you deserve an icy here you go go
ahead no cars are coming she wants to
give you an icy go give it to her
you're doing a good job out here how old
are you 12 Wow good job
strumming work across any thought of
that all by yourself when I was getting
them out she was like mommy there's a
little girl mowing across the street and
when I'm done I'm gonna take her one
after she's done mowing did you think
that all by herself
uh yeah yeah I did I thought of it Oh oh
my cheers are for nothing sweet for you
to do it yeah she still went over there
so she's too shy and she went in anyway
good job baby
yeah is that your second one like my
third well you had two halves in one
hole know how that not a hole Oh
three halves okay so you don't want to
have you have another one sweetie guys I
got a monkey look at my monkey
oh he's a UH a brick you tell everyone
night yeah he has been so goofy tonight
you guys oh this is the heavy monkey I
got here heavy he was kicking one of his
feet back so cute well guys it's been a
fun day we're ending it real crazy but
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other say love you Hey
we shall just
