good morning guys we just got the needy
breakfast and this is Abraham's first
command what you want to go to the pool
it's too early buddy come on man who's
in there swimming Abram you got to get
dressed get out that dog of back food
bad back food it's a dog of bag food
we're actually supposed to have a really
good week this week that means I will
finish the house this week I'm
determined I'm going to finish the house
and be done with it once and for all
more work to be done but I'm going to do
it must be the hottest day to season
tomorrow we're supposed to be in like
the 90s 92 years from today is supposed
to be up to 88 and the rest of the week
all 90s sunshine so that means a lot of
mosquitos and a lot of sweat you got to
put shoes on where's your shoes yeah I
can't deny I'm iguanas sorry I just it's
so hard to do yeah you have one on my
forehead and one up and one right here
yeah bit on forehead I'm sorry you're a
key in right there and right there and
right there unless have tasty blood
crusty right uh I think that's a little
too thick to me yeah that'll cause
ischemia you don't want to ski me a
trust me all right we got his shoes on
I'm gonna let him make the next decision
hey he's got a blow his nose what are we
gonna do buddy give me you make the next
decision here I really don't want to go
to that you know what right now and here
we go all right I'm following you and
from
whoa
it's okay hey it's okay oh no where's
our swimming pool go Abram where'd it go
what'd you guys do to the pool what'd
you guys do to a pool Oh No there's a
swimming pool you stinking dogs calm the
water they destroy sir they tore it to
shreds oh my gosh oh hey boy you okay
buddy
a swimming pool and bye bye are you okay
no I'll get you another one oh he's okay
well yep they destroy her swimming pool
just like many thought I really didn't
think they'd grab it and destroy the
whole pool but that's exactly what they
did what are we going to do with these
dogs my kids can have a swimming pool
without them tearing it up just shreds
trom believable I guess I got to fence
in a pool if we want to pull the fence
in this area that was a waste of 25
bucks 25 bucks right in your mouth you
better enjoy that piece of plastic
Tiffany had a great idea we'll just get
another swimming pool but this time
we'll get a plastic one like this one
over here I don't know why we just don't
use that one why did it means that well
I guess they wanted a little bigger one
so yeah
no more inflatable pulls back here
that'll get rid of the dogs which I'm
really contemplating right now don't
fail miserably with these dogs just
completely failed I'm so sorry we felled
you Annie
really I'm sorry
guys I think we have a skateboard on our
hands here he goes he's gonna go on the
ramp whoa try it out buddy get up there
daddy can we ever go um skate you um
skateboard on that and me a ride on my
mama ankle we used to do that huh we did
that a long time ago Kevin you remember
that but I think you're gonna Nana's
today so maybe tomorrow so maybe
tomorrow no I mean after I come back see
what time it is if we stopped daylight
we can down puppy your hair looks
beautiful thank you mister thank you
watch out for the holes man so the plan
for today is to take the kids in Nana's
house my mom's house and me and I catch
up on things at the house me painting
her doing wreaths and other stuff so my
sure what she needs to be doing about my
stomach's left I had a meeting right
after work today and during that meeting
I didn't think I was gonna make it but
right up to the meeting my body kicked
into second gear thank as I'm really
discouraged about dogs right now I
really wanted to have nice backyard for
our kids I had no idea that the dog
would just like turn it into the moon
turn our backyard into the moon because
what Annie did Oreo doesn't dig any
holes she's really calm and he's just
crazy a little bit too much energy for
our family
and it's just such a bummer those holes
everywhere I walk the kids can't really
I mean there's no point in trying to
tame this grass out here make nice grass
because the dollars is destroyed anyway
huh what do we do what are we going to
do with the dogs April found the water
you found the water didn't you he will
find the water guys today is just so
busy I just got done with the post
office made up shop at Home Depot I'm
heading to the dry cleaners and just all
these random things that I really wanted
to get done without the kids and plus
all the things that I have at home I'm
not even done with everything yet but I
did manage to finish everything with my
reads I got them all mailed out and it's
like super late in the day but it's okay
it's so funny to me how sometimes I feel
like I have weeks where there's like not
a whole lot to do I have a lot of free
time to do stuff with the kids or just
to get rest and catch up on housework
and stuff and then there's those weeks
where it seems like everything hits you
all at once like literally everything
hit me at once this week and I'm not
complaining I'm super grateful I like
being busy I really do and um but I just
really needed today like without like my
kids like with my focus on all the work
I have to do it's been a long time since
I've had a day like this but I'm really
grateful for it
okay I'm back home and I'm running
because I'm in such a rush I have to go
get the kids now still have to go to the
new church Sammy where are you do you
want to go with you soon something slow
my wife down to the speed of life Wow
seriously she's on speak today no jokes
like every time I see she's like oh I
gotta go I gotta go I walked out but
she's like running from there to the
door so alright bye
anyway you got hope you right over there
I'm not sure I sat down to edit a video
to a girl I'm busy I kind of like
but makes me remember what it was like
when I was working is I had a real
fast-paced job you know I'm kind of
enjoying my day today
I was outside working on the house I did
all the taping a lot of the taping I was
about to pass out while I was doing it
gunshot and take a nap so maybe I'll go
back home start up again like he's gonna
fall asleep off the room it's funny I
was worried about myself as I shouldn't
really be up here doing this one not
fully awake oh my god
try not to make that same mistake I
there was still my finger he's had a
weird weird realization well you did
that on the roof today and you could
have fell off that you were wearing this
shirt the last time you got really hurt
after you had no sleep and you were
working do you know what else what my
works here to call me in today
very rarely do they ask me to come in
I think yeah that's going to come in for
a bonus because they're short but that
doesn't like you need to go or go back
to bed don't get out on the roof come on
to the roof of us bar tipping it off but
weird I also stopped before I put loaded
my paint gun to start painting the white
because it's windy outside but it looks
like that wind has seized we got a
little bit southeastern breeze coming in
us and it was it's not a good time to
use a paint gun in the land because goes
everywhere how do you go southeastern
reasons
what's the where the channel is where
I'm here to get the kids
hi
Sharon Oh your leg balls would you go
yeah we're home our babies are home I
ended up like we ended up staying at the
church for a while and moving things
around and Abram got out of the car he
stars in home-home
hey bruh where are we are we at home
what say home why you were not in Hawaii
anymore Symphony are you glad to be home
we missed you guys today
Sam called me a couple of times I was at
the church and I didn't have my phone on
me no he's not asleep wait where is he
we're dead boy we're 50 I feel like on
the roof and I don't see him somewhere
oh he may I went to Home Depot al down
yeah yep he's gone I just realized
there's no other cars here oh my gosh I
missed you guys Abram just written all
of it to the cars screaming daddy daddy
daddy
and now the princesses we were right
baby
we won't do it okay
such a difference Wow
oh my goodness you guys our house is
really coming together oh this window
over here oh that's a paint smoke steam
oh no it's call it you have one free
window without tan tape around it it's
so awesome I just love the way it's
looking out here Symphony what do you
think of this blue and white no I love
it
what do you think of it it's not bad I
told my mom we were probably gonna do
some kind of red accent with our door
and just like any like planters around
the porch and stuff like that she was
like red with the blue and white house I
was like mom yes like that's the thing
now you if you have like a blue or color
you know you're pretty much like it's a
thing to paint your door red now right
that's like a trendy theme I think so
really want to have like some kind of
planter right here and then another
matching one right here like you know
bigger vases that have just like a green
plant coming out of it not flowers just
like a reddish planter with like a green
ivy or some kind of like you know the
elephant ear plant did you just hear my
plan we're gonna want to make a big fat
roll tape want the painters tape that's
like this white can be really smart so
that you don't have like half of it
sticky as you put that he civil and half
of the tape but way you tape it up there
and you got a big you know you master
off at the same time I don't like masks
on the house I just taped it and the
tapes not picking up I got white paint
on them blue oh no Oh up there yeah I
see that oh my god there yet today
she'll had her double mastectomy to
hopefully get rid of cancer once and for
all
and so symphony and I are about to do
like a little mini photo shoot for
social media just a post of Symphony
just to kind of cheer Chell up when she
actually like goes online and looks up
stuff okay so this is the outfit we've
got the look we've got going can you do
a little spin love is bigger than cancer
on the back all right staying there in
pose wait I'm right here yeah you know
me Chantelle had surgery today
and right here she had this cut off of
her body so that she could hopefully get
rid of
cancer and she could be healed and not
sick anymore and so did they'll put her
nipples back on hopefully we're not real
sure about those details right now but
since she had surgery today she's
probably hurting do you have anything
you want to say to her what do you want
to say I love you Michelle all right you
ready to take some pictures for her
let's do it well I got a lot of painting
done today I'm proud of myself see he
was a proofer here what do you think of
a bit I saw that I mean he just got a
pickle out of the pickle jar without he
and - it's fine it's pretty embeddedness
echoing pickle jar yeah I got the first
coat on all the white except the trim
around the windows I still have to make
trim for around several the windows and
paint the trim in the back but yeah I'll
just
I feel productive because I never get
anything done on this day it's usually
just sitting around trying to go through
the day so I could get to the night so
you get some sleep and stuff we go hey
Syd we going
what are you going to relax that there
in the middle the kitchen that's a good
seat actually right from the river so
you can open the door from there see
what snacks there is Sydney what
happened to your bedroom
you turn into a swimming pool of toys
it's funny cuz it take it's like this
room was like clean before she went and
it's just like she was placed for like
an hour and it's messed up
just uh take someone to clean and so
quick to mess it up well honey while we
were talking while you were talking
Saturday disappears simply were to go
she could totally blend in right there I
would even know she wasn't here what
came in here I'd be like symphony where
are you seven today Oh what what's this
big hard mass in the lower floor hey
hello see that back there that is a
result of me being on the go all day and
now everyone's getting ready for bed and
mommy's got to clean up the kitchen so
it's been a very fulfilling day yeah I'm
glad that my babies are home and I'm
glad that I don't work anymore so that I
don't have to be away from them every
day I was so excited to pick them up
from Nana's house has just been a long
time since I've experienced that
dropping them off and picking them up at
the end of the day so you working
mommies out there I commend you today I
felt for you today and I'm just really
grateful for my husband that I can stay
home and take care of them and be with
them all the time well we'll see you
tomorrow I've got some cool stuff
planned first day sands off work that
means family day hopefully we will be
doing some some fun stuff and finishing
up this house and just going from there
and don't forget guys we love you and
remember to love each other
but then mister
