good morning Symphony do you know what
we're doing today yeah we're going to
yes are you excited so go get dressed
Wow morning everyone we're at my mom and
dad's house smoking something what are
you making daddy oh my gosh I got in my
eyes come on pop on crack - you pecan do
you wanna eat it eat him up
Symphony loves pecans with Papa daddy
huh
said hi Daddy mmm already cracking
pecans we've only been here for five
minutes the symphony is already asking
for some pecans what is that a broom
pecan pecan this is my dad's garden it
looks so good even after all that rain
you said your Tomatoes almost died
he has beans right there and tomatoes
all right there what are those things
sneaking up at the back that have little
fluffy things on them going to say oh
okay this is one of the first wreaths I
made and I gave it to my mom at
Christmastime like years ago two or
three years ago and she requested a new
one okay so no she asked for a sunflower
Oh like there's a baby grasshopper
already on her sunflower you really know
she's got a sunflower now and we also
brought over this toy boxes and toys she
doesn't have twig ones here somebody get
that all set up over here somewhere for
the kids when they come play or maybe in
that room that's her laundry room I
tried to straighten it up it was a
little crooked how are you I'm good I'm
good great to see my babies Symphony's
helping set the table we're gonna be
helpers aren't we
okay you're not helping
do you want to put one out each of our
chairs but talk to the cows Abram look
even look over here baby look look at
the cows come here you wanna go see the
cows he's ready to go you want to see
the cows they have sales sale tags on
their ears did the cow say yeah say
bye-bye cows they're all running away
they go there fast
say bye-bye it is so hot outside today
it's like 80 degrees out here which is
hot they already went back inside we're
home it's nap time and the kids have
waited a little longer for national and
he's kind of on loopy what are we gonna
read today for now what are we gonna
read in their yard I gather Dora Dora
Dora
uh-oh what happened what are you doing
throwing your books find your couch so
are there books back there so I had this
stuff back there what are you putting
back there socks
mess maker guys I woke up to an empty
house good morning to everybody I'm all
alone he wants me to go put up the
swimming pool
no sorry I'm gonna win the house making
me a coffee I don't like waking up to an
empty house it's just not the same here
and the kids laugh and stuff it gets me
awake and excited so I've to drink a
coffee before it'll work clay do you
know what I made happen at my work since
I've started there I made a Keurig
happen in the break room they had a very
historic way of making coffee it was
just whore
nobody drank coffee I was like why don't
we make a pot everybody put money in and
we go get a cure I got it pick up the
care of somebody else to my charge nurse
but um yeah we got the money together
and we got a nice Keurig and the ER now
if you could just remember to put some
kick cups in my lunch box I'd be set
they don't provide the k-cups so I'm
gonna put them in there now oh wait I
think I got to pack my own lunch today
I'll do she's gonna be home in time yeah
what am I gonna do oh okay hey you just
jump right into my elbow I don't know
how this is gonna work out having a pull
with the dogs but we're gonna give it a
shot anyway I have a feeling Annie's
just gonna tear to shreds that's a big
enough space for than playing he could
put a little chair out there so she
could say a lot of kids were swimming
I was wondering how am I gonna pump up
this pool and I just realize Andrew
brought home this new compressor I have
a compressor but not the little adapter
to to pump things up so he won this as a
door prize at a Home Depot event he went
to that was held because his Home Depot
location has gone certain amount of time
without having an accident and he let me
have it or hold on to his perfect
because I've wanted a little compressor
my compressor is way too big
maybe using a little compressor wasn't
such a good idea after all
shitty is my big one I gotta wait for
the tank to fill up each time he's
taking a little bit too long I think
and then dogs already found a new place
to play the kumade at home
symphony had her very last ballet
practice today was the last one cuz her
recitals this weekend teacher hugs I'm
gonna miss her so much guys come here
come to the backyard I got a surprise
Sydney pump right up come here a balloon
right pick it up my coffee cup
you love your pie this ha ha ha hey I
got your pies come on
I got a stick hold this open if you take
a drink everyone's got a new hangout
spot
so cold guys Andy has to go back to work
tomorrow don't go oh man we're doing
soup knees go yeah let's see we can get
the bigger pebble wait you already got
that I'm officially no venison you win
it all the jealous record bubble hey
guys I just got through filming a video
for DS Ness that should be live right
now while you're watching this about my
transition from spring into summer
favorites I've noticed a lot of like
other girly mommy channels like it's
kind of a popular thing to talk about
your monthly favorites and I don't think
I'm gonna do that but I think I might do
like a seasonal thing like favorites for
each season so I'm getting ready to edit
that and I've got to work on some reads
I have so much to do I feel like I just
have a lot of stuff that needs to happen
like tonight and tomorrow or needs to
happen by tomorrow I know so much going
on but anyways guys thank you for coming
along with us today I hope you had a
really awesome day and don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
