good work ready are you dizzy and ya
know what ya do more more riding
to live
we've got to give
and this together can you say hi
everybody say good say hi peeps hey
peeps
so guys you know how we call you all
like our fan basic like ba si si means
brothers and sisters in Christ for those
of you who are new and we have explained
in a while so over on me is an S I was
like I need a name for everybody okay
and so get this so everything on my
channels like nests and birds and really
cute so I'm going to call my followers
over there peeps get it like peeps like
the little marshmallow birdies at the
store like a lunch meet to do it and I'm
going to practice getting lunch food for
symphonies lunch boxes and like give it
to her this week I already have these
like I got a bunch of fruit and she
really likes these mini sweet peppers
and then also like little cherry
tomatoes so those are healthy snacks
that can be filling in her lunch box and
then for like protein I could always do
like peanut butter and something but she
really likes these little smoke
and she likes them just plain did
something ketchup sometimes she doesn't
I'm gonna get Steve I need to find out
if they can use on my story that's cool
but I think even if they don't I feel
like she would still eat that little
sausage it's already cooked and you know
like Anna lunchable the lunch meeting
cold I know I should eat it I have
pickles just I'm gonna try it out so
she's at Nana's today but tomorrow when
she comes back or maybe the next day
because we're going to my mom's tomorrow
but one day this week I'm gonna try it
out and just see you guys I'm literally
so distracted I came into the house
brought Abram in and was about to start
making lunch and I realize didn't have
any of the groceries Inc because but
lunch I wanted to make you sit in the
car I got this really cool thing today
you guys I'm so sidetracked don't know
what my deal is but um she'll has one of
these and we played in it with not and
Abram one time you want to talk that I
can't wait to set it up I'm sure those
of you who are stay-at-home moms try to
find like joy and the small thing so one
of my favorite things about going
grocery shopping is coming home and
filling up my fruit bowl so bag gorgeous
red apples another bag of the yummy
right 3d pears not least we need bananas
I always get the ones that are kind of
green me and my little cool doing at
Hobby Lobby now we're gonna go get a
couple of crafts great supplies
all those letters I ran out of some
stuff you ready to shop where are we
that bad for Hobby Lobby
Abram I can't take you anywhere
everyone gets flirted with every time we
go anywhere the lady at Hobby Lobby just
said that when her firm grows up he's an
amp girls all over him
no I don't think so I needed a new pair
of scissors you guys saw me cutting all
that fabric last night I went crazy I
got these these are what I have I just
cut some wire with them Andrew into them
they're sixteen dollar scissors oh I am
gonna be doing a wreath tutorial on
Nia's mist not this coming Wednesday but
the next Wednesday I believe or the
Wednesday after that and it's gonna be a
fourth of July themed really simple
burlap wreath and I'm so excited I'm
getting supplies for it right now I
cannot wait you guys are gonna
definitely have to go check it out
especially those of you who comment
armories and stuff like that a lot of
you have asked how I make them so you're
gonna get the line I'm excited to share
it with you guys
there's the supplies for my little
giveaway I'm doing I mean my tutorial
whoops
this is Jessica she's checking me out
and she was like what are you doing a
tutorial for it turns out she watches
YouTube she watches she said she's
always linking up like daily bloggers
and stuff like that so hey Jessica
seeing yourself in the future you'll
have to go and listen up I wrote down
that information for her but yes she's a
really sweet checker
her face got red gonna say no don't be
nervous
what are you excited
he was just squealing a second ago
oh here we go let's go get her
they've been jiggling the whole time
favor of them going to sleep
thank you you guys are building yard
sale from the estate so is it Esther
Esther estate sell a state sell what do
you guys said we say estate funny we say
it's think so it's a state so some
people say s state whether differences
on the air some people say a state state
mistake so a state so yeah I guess
that's how it should be said
well really pushed pieces upside down
you see a choo-choo on there guys Abram
just walked right in the kitchen right
there song scene ago he just did it all
by yourself
no he walked in you slammed it in his
eyes and then you started seeing he go
go for it sign I couldn't keep it in I
try them see be the good girl you always
happy
they're out here and I'm really trying
to take all my opportunities to practice
letters and numbers of Abram so Abram
what letter is that good job baby
Abram what letter is this that's a blue
letter but what letter is it oh
like come here come to the letter with
mommy what letter is sissy coloring what
what is that is that a ade hi hey he
says it kind of like I but it's
definitely a that's how it says it a for
a bro oh hey what's your name yeah huh
you know hunk Wow symphony that's pretty
babe symphony has learned how to make
fives all by herself here we have
mommy's example in her first five can
you do it again five ha job symphony oh
I'm so proud of you baby even gave me
what other numbers do you think you know
how to draw 1 & 2 uh-huh and 3 uh-huh
there's no problem
yeah
job
what do you be clip that can you thank
you
I just got off the phone with a girl
named Amanda from the church that we're
merging with and she and I are we were
just going over like details a lot a lot
a lot of details and stuff getting to
know each other better for the
children's ministry for reach Rockwall
it was a really good conversation it was
like two and a half hours long and I
also made like five wreaths tonight I'm
just like oh my gosh it's been such a
long night and I still have a basket
full of laundry that I need to fold but
I'm not going to I'm gonna go to sleep
just kidding I didn't fall asleep when
you guys but almost tomorrow we also
have oh my gosh
Tuesday's have become like the busiest
day for me ever so tomorrow I'm gonna be
spending time with my mom I have in the
morning have to melt some wreaths and
then symphony has ballet in the
afternoon and then tomorrow evening I
think me and Sandy are gonna do
something because it's her last night
before she goes back to work for
maternity leave I'm really sad hopefully
she'll just end up staying home and not
going back to work but anyways guys if
you liked our video today please give us
a thumbs up and make sure to subscribe
so that you can come back and join us
for lots more fun and don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
do you like your bathroom right in
