so the last time to pull into the pillar
per se it is the final gathering of the
church members at tiller at this
building so starting next week we're
going to be meeting at a new location
and the new church is going to be called
by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to give
in this together shift me this is your
last time at the pillar you said the
last time you see the
here's the founding fathers of the
pillar so whose idea was the guys to
name the killer whose idea was the earth
you know Chris always a bow so next
Sunday we are going to be coming
together with another family in Christ
to make a brand new church and that's
gonna be in near downtown Rockwall you
should have a little piece of paper you
may have ignored it sat on it but it was
on your chair
hey everybody so as our last Monday as a
little pillar we wanted to do as a song
as a reminder of everything we've gone
through the church family everything we
have paid for over solid everything that
dogs Gaynor over us good luck we're
almost ready
patrons last time a little pillar is
renamed today
I couldn't put them in there with those
chapstick little man
for symphony Oh fits a little if I just
start eating them is if they matter more
than you doesn't say they do you just
say thank you treat something like that
and they take it and turn and treat you
that way we're probably going to solve
all these problems I just put the other
person before yourself you'll just be
real it would just be genuine if you I
mean the church's is a messy at times
kind of ugly painful thing but it gets
ugly and that ugliness there's a beauty
because it's genuine into realities you
find that guys actually work making the
utterly beautiful so how did passed me
out all the little gifts go
you can only have one Andrea 1:8 please
don't you already have one at your seat
this Chris you like it
well that's it guys Hillier is
officially done there goes the pasture
now putting away his last five there he
goes
five pillar pasture nice known you
there goes that's our church guys last
sent will be at this building so we're
going to be going to a new building in
Rockwall and the new church is going to
be called reach Rockwall pretty cool
name and for the next month or so we're
gonna actually be working on the church
instead actually you're having services
we'll have like a short service
30-minute service and then following
that we'll be working on the church
they're like renovating the building I
think they're actually expanding it they
bought the building next to it it's in
like a shopping center area type thing
and they're going to tear down a wall
and open up the church and make it a lot
bigger and I want to be a point person
for the painting which is cool I want to
be like in charge of painting something
I'm not sure I guess the walls Symphony
give me a hug bye not really
Tiffany's going to Nana's tonight but I
miss you sweetie
what do you always want to leave her
cool why'd she call me mr. Sam so you
don't want to leave us you just want to
be your Nana can you be with both of us
at the same time do you like your
backpack a broom spider-man down the
water of course not very much but he
found it so a lot of people are
wondering of the time early on not
fifty-fifty and then we'll see how it
was over the pillar and all the little
kids toddlers the little pillar what are
you gonna be doing now I actually think
I am gonna be doing the same thing I'm
not sure I'm talking to the lady who's
over all of the children's ministry
tomorrow evening actually and I'll know
a little bit more but I think I am still
going to be doing curriculum and
scheduling for the
zero ages zero through six and I guess
that means I'll still be your sister are
you going to fire me that do ok job
sometimes I got a little rowdy with the
kids it's hard to know he was still
going to be the worship leader at this
next church the band is still going to
be the same they're just going to
include some other people it's going to
be interesting though see how it all
plays out Chris that was good knowing
you man you did a great job
hey wait we get y'all the blog want to
get your on the vlog with your pillow
shirt off for the very last time we
can't wear these shirts anymore
we got a bra well we're back from church
I've been cleaning up a little bit while
the boys nap and symphony got to go home
with Nana I think Sam showed y'all that
in the vlog but um I just feel so
grateful that we found the pillar and
you know after today's service there was
like a slideshow and stuff playing while
we were eating our our potluck dinner
and I was just like oh my gosh like I
can't believe this has been like our
home church for it's been a little over
a year and a half now and I'm just so
just grateful I don't know I feel like
the relationship that we formed there
you know with our friends and with each
other and with God more importantly has
just changed our life so while I wait
for everyone to wake up I am just kind
of sorting through supplies I have four
weeks to make tonight and I'm gonna be
getting my supplies ready for that I'm
gonna be making for sunflowers for
various actually five I think I'm making
five anyway it's easy when I have a bulk
order like that to just do it all at
once you know cut all the yellow cut all
the brown cut all the green
this is the base that I use when I make
my sunflowers I use these the first time
I'm using these the second time around
but they you know the same thing and
they're just they're cute oh are you
kissing buddy
Abram who are you kissing he's family
Abram came over here I had my channel
popped up and he started he was like
handy because her nanny hey guys so in
light of Symphony getting into school
I've been paying more attention to what
I pack in Sam's lunchbox than thinking
about what I'm gonna be packing in her
little lunchboxes so I thought I'd show
you guys what I packed in Sam's lunchbox
today it's a little bit different than
what I normally pack I normally packed
like a full out dinner for him to have
it like what like 2:00 or 3:00 a.m. but
I didn't cook dinner tonight because we
had the potluck and we're both still
really full so this is what's in Tampa
lunchbox an entire little flat of
blueberries he usually gets one of those
everybody works and since I don't have
dinner for him tonight I am sending him
two packs of peaches and cream oatmeal
with a bowl and a spoon these little
mixin yogurts
they are Herman brand I'm not sure but
he who loves on their Greek yogurt and
this one has mango and pineapple on one
side and then on the other side has
coconut almond Wheat Thins I know I was
really generous with these huh but these
are like sweet and spicy chipolte wait
Sam and then the last thing up in here
I'm trying to sneak forever I'm gonna
put to catch that you know that I had
them out and he's been begging for it so
that's what's going to save me lunchbox
for today and I've been trying to think
about like for symfony it like what do
you think it's put in your kids lunch
boxes she doesn't really eat sandwiches
and I remember going to school and being
like oh no no sandwich and so I also
don't want to be getting lunch bowls and
stuff like that because she doesn't eat
the whole thing so I've been trying to
gather ideas and stuff like
and I have a good idea of what I'll be
using but I can saw it might be fun to
talk about it with you guys and maybe
you can share some of the things that
you put in your kids lunch boxes let's
go we can't take that on our walk what
to leave this here camis joining us for
our walk today see if I can keep up with
her
Abram who's my best he's with us know ya
mama but who else man man man Kimmy he's
telling me all about her talent show
she got third place what did you do for
your talent um I did sign language to a
carrier do it oh my gosh the whole song
like all three or four minutes of it
that's a lot of sign language to learn
like what is it song called something in
the water how do you say something in
the water in sign language something in
oh cool kami that's awesome proud of you
behind me lies the next three hours I'm
gonna cut up little 10 inch squares of
this yellow burlap
well halfway done with one of my
sunflowers then they cute and now it's
time for me to fold some laundry and get
ready for bed
so I'm gonna go do that but thank you
guys for coming along on this special
day we had our last day a pillar it was
really awesome and I just went through
and looked at a slideshow that they made
of you know like looking back at the
years of pillar it was really awesome
and just so cool that we got to be a
part of some of that so anyways guys if
you liked her video today give us a
thumbs up come back and check out what
kind of shenanigans we have going on
tomorrow and don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
