ready open your mouth what is it what is
it made by the same guy nobody say
we've got to live
got to give love
in this together there goes the
neighbors trash can we go save it
BACtrack can come back somebody's going
to get a new trashcan that's where it
ended up hey brush we have a water park
in our front yard hey Rob that footage I
got was from early this morning around
like 6:00 a.m. drain has seized sipping
he'll go swimming paddle paddle kick
kick Thursday are you cold
no it's kind of cold you give a sky you
want something drinking it you guys are
worried that our kids might get sick
because it's cold out here I want to
break that myth for you cold weather
does not cause people to come sick
bacteria and viruses that caused him to
be sick and that's it cold weather does
not do it so drink your water off the
door makes you sick possibly it can
cause a parasitic infection shirt why do
I let my kids do it becomes a waterpark
out here for them after it rains people
I made how do you think it's going to
keep it straight man guys I'm really
liking this new color I think it looks
great with the shingles there's like
darker shingles up there that match
really well with the walls it all goes
together very nicely look really cute
house for my dad I think this guy's over
here being a water choo-choo-choo-choo
water this morning I woke up really
early with both of the kids and I didn't
let able and watch a single thing on the
computer this morning or anything at all
I remember before we had kids I told me
that
children watch any TV at all for the for
the first two years just because of
studies have shown that it's just bad
for them they shouldn't be watching TV
at that age that is so much easier said
than done I've realized but lately I've
been working on it because it's just so
easy to put that in front of a TV and be
down with it whoa okay there's the trash
can I'm gonna do my neighbors the solid
and bring this back to them for somebody
claims no no drinking a room come on man
digging knee on her new porch on her
blue porch it looks really good I love
it - all Nia needs now is a blue
Corvette
um girls I'm on a Saturday at lunchtime
we're at the nail salon I guess in my
highest flip-flops in cake that was
bloody oh good job yeah I'd like one in
here and here on my street is finally
dry enough to drive down it's been so
crazy
what color should I get I just did my
toes they turned out really good I hope
you can see them I like as took on my
toes I really like the glittery now look
at that how do you feel about your
experience with the nail salon
sandy had a rough time they didn't quite
understand what she wanted or anything
actually something happened when I left
to go get my phone ok I'm back home and
now we're back in the car and we're
going to an estate sale I saw one on my
way home from nail time with Sandy and
we're gonna go check it out this is
really estate sales at right in they're
not coming welcome come in look at this
guys accept credit cards a test a sell
50% off today we will be open Sunday
conference go ahead guys it's a nice
green door we should ask if the doors
were so yes not really asking door found
what I was looking for it the garage you
guys go right ahead I'll be in here
simply look up oh it's a little stove
for Abram your Abram sit on the stool
sit on the stool look s too small for a
broom the X is that on it
look this blower guys it actually shoots
paint as you roll a little trigger here
if I don't have a sprayer I buy that
that's nice
I found Symphony a couple of things I
three little kids oh oh I'll go
hey check the work get in here come here
come here
Oh Mona Scott loves it outside get over
here man all the wood is sold come here
I just said Symphony would you please
wear this and she said no mommy symphony
what about this one would you wear this
one right here I'm so vintage I love it
this is so layered I remember wearing
little things like this as a little girl
I used to do these all the time I was a
little girl you know you put them on in
a pattern and then you iron on and melt
them together they have like all these
beads too because I used to always run
out of the bead colors on it so cool
seems little gadgets Symphony's little
gadgets over here and the house it's
raining out here and muddy oh my gosh
it's so gross out here everyone really
wants to get down and play in it but we
can't go run it was exciting all the
good tools were sold but I got some
little little tools some nice wooden
tools and some brushes much needed
brushes for my shop now it's pouring
down rain again I don't know I got a
little uh I got a jar full of gears I'm
not sure I just saw those interesting is
only about something to go clear you
should give some to your sister damn
sister makes jewelry actually thought
about her it's kinda like steampunk
stuff wait does it fly there's a fly
right there on your head it's on your
head don't move don't move got it I got
it oh no what are you doing
are you suffering a to fall backwards in
that chair Oh buddy what are you doing
he's eaten deserves what he's doing
yeah Sydney would you like some toe
fungus what we just got done eating
dinner Nia made some salmon patties
they're really good she mixed them some
onions some corn bread a lot of
different stuff in there and now we're
eating cookies for dessert and this one
has a little tongue sticking out of it
bleed everywhere Shh
look at that one Sam you look like a
little puppy what is tongue out he wants
to give you a lick
okay guys to conclude our day Stephanie
and I are going to do the that's exactly
right I wonder what's my mouth challenge
between me and symphony we're going
head-to-head all right here we go I'm
going first
he's blindfolded me something else we're
back here my bags up on refrigerator
okay okay here we go I'll be you now
that eyes cute yeah yes what for me
you're going okay
free to the bag and do something else
now Yuri thank you don't open it really
wide open it really
the water yeah yeah three two roll
Symphony don't know B poop so good I'm
gonna open it really wisely Amelia the
play-doh yeah no fair
so upset about giving you okay
mommy will now switch the bags its is
Eastern don't peek can you see out of it
really kind of yeah I can't okay don't
hate
no you ate it just for fun you know you
like you under it here let's put some on
page arms you don't alright guys well
thanks for joining us for what's in my
mouth challenge I join us next time for
what's the next channel in good hmm what
do you guys think we should do next
my turn again alright don't forget you
remember to learn and don't forget we
will be in remember to do what's in your
our challenge that's not how you put it
on
