hey hey hey room come over here my
brother you are my sister made by the
same guy loved by the same
we've got
a of love
whirl
in this together so everyone wanted to
watch bus this morning I pulled out the
new bus we got him
and he's just not happy he's kind of
scared of it little people bus look
Abram okay close the door you touched it
for the first time move on back move on
back with the driver push it around
I've never heard him say that before
please sit down
push it yeah hurt the bus
driver on the bus we'd like the lights
in the back it's a cute that's his
favorite song I'm so glad to sing - oh
you liked it now what's up for the shoe
so BB Chu is $323 new one since it was
due on May 2nd just for one month yes
can you just I'm looking to see if it
looks like there was so previous payment
up to 20 to 28 was returned but me just
a minute I'm looking at that okay okay
it looks like new payments were rejected
there was a payment on March 4th and one
was rejected and then the next payment
in chard the draft on April 1st of 222
dollars and 20 cents was rejected I
don't know what happened okay I'll just
give you another card I happy happy now
who thanking you just one moment we'll
have to take care of the past due amount
first before I can add another card on
their side okay yes more yeah that's
okay okay
yeah big so it's just a lot of money
that was exhausting the conversation
went on and on I was suddenly for some
reason they kept my card kept rejecting
their request the automatic pay and I've
owed them for the past four months or
something like that internet sucks I
don't think that's why babe but anyway
good morning guys today we are off to go
to Symphony school to go meet with her
principal the only time my mom had to
meet with the principal was when we were
in trouble and I was actually pretty
often probably a lot more often and you
guys probably expect out of me
what what's so funny we were just really
goof off some distraction to the classes
but we went get in trouble or anything
anyway now look over in the pep rally I
think I was a freshman in high school
and across the way in the juniors
section was these two boys with fluffy
curly hair with no shirts on with like
riding on them
like lip-lip them their shirts have like
big letters on them we were at a pretty
conservative school people don't do that
or school yeah oh my gosh put your
clothes is that a pep rally
yeah is that a pep rally when you were a
junior I met you as a seniors and you
did not say put your clothes and you
said that guy right down the middle
oh Sh you just take it all off no I was
not that kind of girl
and we just woke up he got his hair all
fixed up what a handsome little squirt
yeah yeah everyone what's wrong you want
to eat your fishies yeah are you still a
daze all right let's go Symphony okay he
is freaking out because we're late so
Kevin you guys are good me and the boys
yeah like hear what everybody we've
probably got a nice day out here first
day we've had like this amount of
sunshine this kind of weather
never left the scene buh-bye yeah that's
a bus he sees the short bus now some
families say don't want to sell don't
want to participate don't have a bad
attitude we just don't want to do it
whatever ease
I brought it over the parent meeting
about seizures
and so there's an option to opt out
their teachers aides like in the art
classes Deacon cat-scan and college just
like to see those work well what the
ladies do more work inside Eric and I
are gonna play play some tetherball over
here set the camera up right here I was
fighting that table Cup can you watch
the camera buddy daddy I'll bet I'll be
pissed kicks his booty off man oh I just
hope my daddy wins oh my daddy just
kicks his hair oh don't knock on camera
daddy if you just do it harder you win
Eric one not fair and square but he won
you grabbed the ball a couple times
thank you minute thing technically you
didn't wash you tell me but you're so
much taller every time I get tried
reverse head II just put this hand up
all right you guys go now come on
Stephanie knock his head off
come on pin it now
it's a cup gemstones you hear that game
is actually a lot harder than it looks I
guess it's just when I we play though
I think most people just kind of relax
and just hit the ball and we got really
competitively so competitive it our kids
rooting us on to make reading those a
lot worse actually can't lose it for
lucky all right we're gonna actually
have a rematch because there did cheat a
couple times
all right leaving me here all alone I'm
gonna go start painting the house and
there you get to go swimming no yeah
actually separate splashing not
something I'm going to be burning up
it's just a little splash park where
things come out of little loops and
hoops like you sweetie
yeah mine is I'm splashing and send me a
video of it how about let's do that
please okay you send me a video you
sweaty in the paint
symphonies such a little mommy don't
write in your flip-flops
gig
Grady Thunder is
very long
working in rows
right
you
it's under it's gonna lightning
there's a storm baby you have to go hey
guys we're surfing you need to put your
shoes on I'll let you go down one slide
ok so it's shut down Abram does not want
to leave and all the water you see
around here now is from rain not the
water fall the water park come on Betty
we got to go to the car we're home now
everyone is tucked away in bed even
daddy
but guys I've got to tell you a big
surprise our house is a new color I
pulled up from the splash pad today and
I stopped like in the middle of the
street halfway halfway like down the
street from our house and I was just
like oh oh my gosh it looks adorable and
when it's all the way done it's gonna be
so amazing I'm so excited about it the
color wind up choosing just to me is
like the perfect color but you guys are
just gonna have to wait it out I really
really wish I could just go outside and
show you all right now but you're just
gonna have to wait I think Sam is going
to be working on the trim and all of
that tomorrow so hopefully by next
weekend you guys will get to see what it
looks like so if you look in the
description below there is a link to my
first funny Friday video for Nia's nest
and I'm really really excited to share
it all with everybody over there because
it was just so much fun to film I
watched it back and was editing through
it and it was just just such a riot me
and Sandy it was just a really funny
time but anyway so thanks for coming
along with us today guys I felt like
today has been really jam-packed full of
stuff but it's also been really fun and
relaxing at the same time I hope you
guys enjoyed it we have some exciting
stuff planned for tomorrow so come back
and see what we've got and don't forget
guys we love you and remember to love
each other
but then mister
you shout you
for ms can
