oh my making me very nervous
buenas that's what he came over and told
me the news and he went back home and he
came back England I just want to make
sure your back doors locked
oh he's perfect oh my gosh got just a
moment
by the same guy loved by the same
to live
to give
in this together and they argued and
played and fought and growled all night
long do you want to go to the park buddy
and go slide do you want to go slide
just can't do it like he wants to stay
home and he was saying home oh you see
the duckie right there see that duckie
will see that duckie say quack quack
how pretty ducky what do you think buddy
hey you like the duckie I don't have
food for you I'm sorry because we didn't
get very much sleep last night with the
dogs and all the commotion
Abram has been extremely fussy this
morning he's been begging to watch
things on TV and we did let him watch
one show but we're just not about
letting the kids sit and watch TV so
we're up very early come on you go play
oh gosh look at the bottom of the slide
like let's go to the baby slide over
here come on let's go over here to the
baby slide oh my gosh of course I think
he's just gonna get really gross and
have to go home and take a bath come
here let's go up these stairs this is
your little park right here what a big
boy hi yes hi oh yeah I forgot I don't
know if you guys know but Symphony went
home with Nana last night she has been
getting to spend one night every other
week with her Nana and before Sharon
went to Florida it was every week then
we decided I was too much so she's doing
once every other week to see you guys no
way buddy go down the slide eita
look Abram is usually never scared of
the slide and today for some reason he
is so I'm gonna go with him we're gonna
tackle this I am so muddy you guys it's
ridiculous
Oh ready I got you I got you
and I'm literally like it's tall as a
slide Abram we have veggie sticks let's
get some there they go they're gonna eat
it look at him oh look baby
oh he's gonna eat his mom okay you're
ready to go for a walk say bye duckies
guys there's a scandal going on in our
neighborhood seriously so first of all
this morning somebody said at Facebook
good morning come on we'll go get your
bubbles someone's into Facebook warning
this morning saying that there was this
young male out and about and he had
knocked on someone's door and a child
saw him and he looked at the child in
which and then they looked for
footprints outside I guess what track
and apparently the foot tracks were near
their daughter's window five or six
hours later our neighbor comes over to
tell us that the police are looking for
a man in some apartments that are like I
don't know 500 feet over there there's
another cop that's like the fifth one
see so he ran into a field that's like
right in our backyard all along this
street right here there's some woods
behind our houses and the guy they were
looking for ran across the street and
into these woods a text our neighbor
over here you know kami her mom we keep
each other updated on this kind of stuff
around the neighborhood and so I texted
her to let her know and as soon as I did
that came back outside and there were
two cars driving by and one of them was
filled up with people it looked like a
family driving really slow licking in
between each house almost like it was
like the family of the man who escaped
or or got away like trying to like get
him before he was caught by the cops or
help find him I don't know but the cops
there are police just circling around
and around here comes the sixth cop
there he goes oh my gosh and the fire
marshals out scranton e-string was on
the loose in turtle
oh my gosh making me very nervous
buenas that's what he came over and told
me the news and he went back home and
then he came back English I just want to
make sure you're back doors locked
there's a madness like is here inmate or
something no while they're looking for
him that's all the information we back
it up to say something or he's parking
oh my gosh guys just Amell man hurry
guys
oh god she's scared look Avery no man
they said that I was ready to start
shirt and baseball cap no II was just
wearing my professional since when does
the mel-min wear baseball caps to decide
oh did you guys hear that we got two new
dogs tada
with two new dog right there that one's
auntie I don't know what Oreos that oh
there's a girl right over there under
that poisonous bush man our bike that
looks like trash I'm really sorry about
that
goodness gracious this is why we have
two new dogs because of that the Terrell
strangler did it
Abram do you want a new toy and it's not
that he just needs a new toy he just
seems kind of bored you always what's up
watch movies aren't know I feel like you
really need something we'll look
who's in our possession symphonies back
yay
we're at Nana's we got the baby we got
the original baby you're the original
baby aren't you yeah you are you're the
old Jeep all right we're at Target now
wouldn't go look around for something
for a broom guys I'm just so happy for
my brothers right now they've just been
we've all been texting each other so
Michael and Hawaii
yeah stay together guys so Michael is
Hawaii with his wife Andre are about to
buy a house a beautiful home in Hawaii
I'm just like stunned by it it's
incredible home and then David my older
brother in Florida he's opening up a new
mole mania in a different city an hour
from where he lives now
so he'll have to mobile mania stores and
then Matthew my oldest brother he's
about to graduate college and Andrew
well you know he's not a good job at
Home Depot I'm proud of all my brothers
right now are you serious I threw them
on this the whole time I can lock your
ass Kimbo let's go are you gonna get
under or not you can't do it yes you can
can't never could let's go inside anyway
why did we come over here
I really like this for him do you like
this buddy it would be perfect for our
house doesn't have much room do you like
it he likes it I think this is a cute
more entertained there's a bunch more on
the body there's different things in
here obviously stuff on this side I
think this is it right here
driving the birthday we generally don't
do this but I feel like he needs a toy
what where's that
sit on the ball just a qudoos nobody
buys that the news said what are you
looking at me for some reason thinks
we're here for her
we are not you know we were shopping for
a toy yesterday baby did you forget
Senor wait wait
get them up yeah they know it's your mom
know that he's showing off his mom you
learn about your peers better buddy well
that was the extent of our trip to
target we just came from toys that was
it never done that before
first time everything Sydney got a
little toy - this is so good and she
deserves one she said Patricia's angel
even though she has a lot of toys
already
what's the scissors out of all things
no we're not playing with scissor died
whoa let go
what's a news having more from the
neighbors you guys know why they have
certain things like this for kids on
toys yes fine motor skills
what yes it is that specifically it
helps with like riding our commotions it
starts on this side we can serve you
letters start at the top and go from the
left to the right
also we read you go from left to right
and I started I think actually seen
wheels on the bricks but we'll get him
tomorrow morning if he's like wanting TV
or something the best in the world we
love you
