Tiffany do you know whose birthday it is
today oh yes April
no somebody special though not yours
do you guys know whose birthday is today
you are my sister made by the same guy
nobody say we've got to live
we've got to give up
world owner
and this together little star you gotta
sing
no come on man
oh you see good morning guys how's
everybody doing today I'm doing great
just got off work feels good to be home
there's a nice and slow night the first
slow night I've ever had at this place
so it was kind of a relief kind of a
breather for everybody when I come home
from work I like to read the news I
usually go to yahoo.com read the front
page of Yahoo sometimes go CNN but today
there's a really awesome article on the
front page and had to share with you
guys it's the photo of a marine praying
with bride-to-be and it's just such a
great photo look at it as you guys know
I've done several weddings many weddings
and there's very few times that I see
the groom actually praying with the
bride before the marriage and it's just
such a great thing it's just um
what a perfect way to start off a
marriage humbling yourself before God
and asking him to protect your marriage
and your future together best part about
is that it's going viral and Good
Morning America picked it up and that
Yahoo is actually advertising something
like this it's just really awesome to me
they interviewed the photographer and
the photographer said that they were
praying that their marriage their union
would be strong enough to set an example
to younger couples I just thought that
was so awesome
how cool is it though the photographer
took one single picture that went viral
so many photographers dream about this
happening there's actually two my photos
that got quite a bit of attention here's
what I was just talking about I thought
it was a pretty unique bridal shot
there's a cow peaking around the tree
photo ball with a cow I said another
perfectly good photo
Burt butchered by photobomber get a
guy's butcher and then this one right
here got kind of a lot of attention I
thought was really good she's actually
crying inside of his glasses right there
I focused it in his glasses and that's
her face in there in focus Mickey Mouse
has to wash his hands
Abram Mickey Mouse had to go to the
party get two two two two twos thank you
do you know where Mickey Mouse's friends
are up there they're getting me so into
it yeah oh cool
never seen him time at the doll house
like this before
he's really into it I think he really
knows what's going on look she has to go
night-night put her to bed
can you put her in bed what are you
doing
No Oh Mickey Mouse is going night-night
I'm on the toilet there you go oh go poo
poo poo poo get my sister go poo poo
like myself with the moustache thank you
can I wear to work small well I'll have
to grow it on you that's fine hot glue
it or superglue hi Chloe
won't that burn my friend limb right
here you don't care that'll burn I do so
what are you gonna do instead maybe you
could just like staple it on oh but
staple it will hurt - hmm what could we
do maybe we could - tada yeah that's a
great idea we'll just toot it on Oh
Tiffany do you know whose birthday it is
today oh yes I'm giving you a hint
yeah Judy's birthday today Judy's
birthday he's at work though here we are
at the grocery store and what are we
shopping for today a birthday cake for
dude yeah that's right what kind do you
think we're gonna get Oh
I don't know either ask Tommy as an to
roll this ball oh okay
yes we're gonna have a really small
dinner tonight with Nana Andrew and the
fam and Andrew requested spaghetti I'm
gonna make make or buy a cake I don't
know I think he likes ice cream cakes I
can't remember okay so I was right ice
cream cake it is he wrote me back and I
am going to be doing this Oreo cookies
and cream ice cream cake yummy Vinnie's
here trying on more tap shoes she's
already outgrown her other tap shoes one
week before ballet ends we have to buy
new shoes isn't that kind of crazy but I
can't have her like practicing and
performing her recital there's a dress
rehearsal tonight I can't have her doing
that in shoes that don't fit her feet
she's kind of like whines and cries
every time I put them on go walk around
let's see how they work see and those
team two big all right well we ended up
with a ten and a half I guess she's got
tens at home or she has a brand that
runs really small because these for her
perfectly shaking it off get it girl
show us some tap dance moves why not now
Symphony is making juju a card we're
waiting for my glue gun to heat up
because we're gonna have to glue these
down they're not sticking videos we did
a good job on a yellow blue yellow blue
huh it kind of matches your dress in
your bow today but it really in birth
day cuz it's sparkly no because it's
yellow blue
yeah well blue that makes what birthday
yes no when you have every other one a
matching color what is that called a
pattern mm-hmm I've heard all about
patterns in class before the symphony is
getting ready for her dress rehearsal
and I just curled her hair can you spin
for me her hair is like mine it doesn't
hold curl well it's probably all falling
down especially with all that but the
front part just like don't keep the
front curled really good look at all
those layers into here
bringing his birthdays and crap over
Andrew okay let's get it I'm the only
mom didn't dress their daughter before
class I thought we were going to
literally be like being erasers like you
need to change
picture view good luck baby see you in a
minute
bear sir you're the cutest thing ever
officially Abram staying with Nana
because there's no room to run around we
were like in the practice stage area ah
like I'm sitting here my feet touched
the stage and the girls are going to be
dancing right there Symphony with your
little friend Emily you're being tickle
bug
yes
have a good see hi baby
plink gun-woo
we used to be this funny and now
No
do you wanna build a snowman
look at these cute little wristbands now
symphonies changing into her her tap
outfit and she loves her tights lift her
photos show them she there's like a
little thing for her heel to pop out she
loves it because it's just like Miss
Erin her curls got kind of cry cray and
we get to put these cute little things
in her tap shoes
so go ahead and put your tap shoes on oh
I'll help you although oh my goodness
this is the full effect are you ready
for her okay go ahead go ahead and go
out there they're ready for you baby
good look baby give me food Emily yeah
good girl
hi guys we're celebrating Andrews golden
birthday it says the 26th and he's
turning 26 years old and this is how
we're celebrating him this is the
spaghettini m8 it's amazing look at this
it's probably the best weekend ever had
no joke and there's also an Android
grease you did a great job okay oh man
it was so good I can't stop eating it
I'm so full but you get the spaghetti 26
golden Spagna stranger happy birthday
buddy he was banking gear oh man and
you're so baby's heart holding down huh
my sauce for getting my belly souter had
you got a new basket for astros birthday
let me laundry basket because this is
his old one right here happy for you oh
really
yeah what a habit ooh you got mad at
your laundry honestly I have no idea I
would be mad if I do my mantra - hey
guys I just got done filming my Q&A and
I've got to say it went pretty smooth I
feel like it did anyways it took me
forever to get my set up I mean
seriously this is so simple but I moved
my chair around to like 20 different
locations
I don't finally I'll just like forget it
I'm in a sense a mastering shot of the
back of the camera and show him what it
looks like exactly and so I did that no
way to free him to write back and he
said it look good
so anyways they'll be a link down below
for you guys to go watch my Q&A it's
pretty much nothing that you don't
already know except there are a few
little mommy tips in there that I might
not have shared with you before if you
liked our video say please give us a
thumbs up and don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
