without a dog do at home Juliet he
little messes and look at Christmas
lights together guys with all this money
we just now together with Matt the
broken bow NE realize is so wet out here
I'm stuffed Tiffani I got an idea why
don't you get your ATV and pull me out
this is a 4-wheel Drive it shouldn't be
stuck
well the back tears aren't spinning this
is an all-wheel-drive bridge line and I
thought you just put it in one of those
modes and the all-wheel drive just goes
on so I'm having to learn how it's turn
it on well Derek my buddy here who I've
met here through Craigslist he lives in
a city away or so he came to save the
day he just happened to come over here
and help what were you doing here oh
he's helping me get the hot tub working
Honda's not real full around broke
thanks Derek you save the day
that was really frustrating I'm having
trouble getting over it because I bought
this truck for that very reason the
first property I chose all-wheel drive
over the tourist features because I know
I was gonna be out here and I knew this
kind of thing would happen and it failed
on me the first time that it could have
proved itself such a bummer but you know
what it's time to get over it I was
talking to myself and Symphony heard me
talk about how this car should have got
out of it easily and she's like alright
daddy we're done with that it's time to
move on to something else now okay how's
it you know it's it's an awesome device
good idea I'm gonna do that and she's
like mommy gave out to me now I'm gonna
give it to you and you're probably gonna
hand that down to Abraham what a sweet
girl right we got some cups we got some
v8 pick that juice out I'm so proud of
her new shower here because
was in here when they got is broken
usually I turn the water on and start
shooting everywhere from all the
different connectivity and we got some
more spoons because that's mostly what
we use around here yeah that's all we
got right city wants to ride the
four-wheeler first thing
have a really excited little boy back
there got a dry the swings rained all
weekend hi Sandy are you guys being so
sweet she's like no I don't have red
hair
swing wonder your Christmas please
everyone's going to my house really yeah
look at this girl hosted everything with
her brand-new house girls weekend whole
weekend week oh my 30th birthday at the
cabin and Sam's goal was to have it all
done by Thanksgiving and so I'm hoping
I'm tipsy September 1st of November is
not too much
good morning guys welcome to Broken Bow
Oklahoma where there should be snow on
the ground right Tiffany second day in
Oklahoma so symphony and I are on a
little hook this morning on time what
we're on I hope for travel-size
Christmas tree for a little trailer and
after without finding a tree we're gonna
go find some ornaments and make our own
ornaments tiffany has already made yeah
here's some good options
like this one has a lot of branches what
about that one over there that one all
right you want to drag it up
you found our Christmas tree stand I
like the color thank you
so we're gonna put a screw bottom see
the screw root that are sticking up at
the end of the tree right next to that
screw you're gonna stab it in there we
did it to the trailer right here I can't
downbeat you put some lights alright
first yes
now it's time to go find treasure right
they're gone move it around a little bit
more there's a lot of metal stuff over
here that's why look we found a dog baby
baby baby baby baby whoa
50 cents 25 cents this is rocky
something what so shiny wait move your
hands check it out what the sounds like
money to me it said five cents you gotta
be joking guys look at all this money we
just found it's probably detecting one
of the coins don't you dare you bastard
somebody else fine you don't need the
money so we'll save it for somebody else
yes yes there okay
was my casket here's a corner mitt
a Christmas tree and it's so much cuter
that's so much cuter but its fake we got
a real one all right sipping and I'm
gonna make our ornament so we're going
to tie them up with this string here
I've kept these one season we found on a
Christmas tree in the shed Superman on
it hey Tarzan he's perfect cut home
mortgage she also does hang on trees
okay guys so I made this one and then I
made this one it says Sam and Symphony
yeah that looks cute
that's our sky pain it'll never imagine
I was you next week lovely ah did you
have a good nap did you sleep yes you
did we look wide-awake little guys so
I've got a little something that's
happening here in about 10 minutes yeah
kids didn't know about I just told him
what is it who are you shy
oh goodness you're so silly we have a
friend coming over for just a little bit
it's her birthday she's one of you guys
a fan basic and she's gonna stop by and
see the tree and we're gonna wish her a
happy birthday her name is danica so get
ready for it they're not here yet so
we're having some cookies Christmas
cookies Danica where you at girl DeeDee
Danica's mom they're here and she's
mindful yes he's so excited huh yes I'm
like nervous for her likes feel like I
got a nurse what so her mom is gonna go
get her out of the car we're gonna take
pictures together I think I wish it was
darker cuz the tree would be more lit up
but
I'm gonna let your surprise happy
birthday Danica oh you're so cute Oh get
home she did cry you said she was okay
oh what a sweet happy birthday you're so
big you she doesn't remember me I've
known her since she was like a baby a
little bitty baby
oh happy birthday sweetie hold are you
oh my goodness and so glad you got to
come say hi today on your birthday Oh
have a good day yeah you want to take
some pictures look at the tree I wish it
was more lit up for you oh there we go
birthday hug
I think you're so cute those are not
being sold anywhere the winter and say
you got a super duper duper special one
you go I said they time what we're up to
right now so we're going shopping for
each other here guys we're going to get
something for each other that is under
five dollars so we can have a miniature
Christmas at the trailer the thing is
awesome I would love to have that in our
yard that's so cool
alright simply I'll be over here
well should I get her guys and then they
get her something meaningful I gotta get
back for my collection
well peaking simply found her item
already happy oh it's no symphonies new
favorite movie is teal it's about a
ballet dancer you guys have anything
related to ballet now nothing anymore
Symphony I'm gonna buy your thing okay
this line for the track I'll put yours
on this side
do not open till tomorrow can I please
get an order of combo fajitas but mix
please
and then a large side of rice and a
large side of beans and a large queso
with chips please our friends just left
and now I'm ordering dinner to go taik
to my mom and dad and we're gonna go
have dinner and have a little visit with
them we were supposed to go out and look
at Christmas lights but the one we were
gonna look at was sold out we were gonna
go on a trolley it's gonna be amazing
we're sold out all weekend and even past
Christmas so that's out and we're just
gonna have dinner together and then i'll
drive around with Bubbe and look at
lights later on okay
Bebo's had an accident you guys what
happened mom oh I don't know yet they're
still trying to figure it out but you
think it's your arthritis
I think it's rheumatoid arthritis and
fibromyalgia dad same time
mama I think something bit me
that was delicious to top it off Juliet
left us a nice surprise in her diaper as
soon as we were all done eating and that
great now I'm gonna clean up Abram is
back here getting into all the toys
everything 120 mile-long house here girl
out julia is playing Barbies that's for
sissy go put it back that's for sissy
you can play with symphonies Barbie is
oh look at that Juliet she got powder or
flour I mean out of Bebo's fridge rater
and throw it on the ground and earlier
she locked this plant off of the plate
onto the ground and a party vacuum fifty
final vacuum again he little messes
sittings gonna go for a ride on her
four-wheeler and see you later kid
they got a really TV out there
I haven't really been taking guys along
for what I've been doing today because
I've just been under here working it's
just leveling the house putting boards
in place of boards and I actually
replaced all this you see that beam
right there I put all that in there this
right here was such an incredible mess
he had peers on each side of this line
and I took him out made a straight line
out of it all so all I have to level now
is the whole back of the house the whole
back of this house is like this it needs
to go up probably good four inches I
really need to know that I have a good
foundation before I start building on
this thing otherwise nothing it's worth
it and you know kind of goes the same
with my personal life I gotta have a
good foundation or I'm not happy
building on Who I am as a person if I
don't have a good foundation in Christ
and I got nothing so as long as I have
that I'm happy to build on into my life
and create new skills and stuff like
that otherwise it's all just pointless
Sippi wants to tell you guys a story
about Nightmare Before Christmas go for
it okay so today we're going to Walmart
to go get the night before Christmas
ready we can't find it there yeah we
think I just started browsing red box we
never got away she saw a red box where
you can rent things I started looking
through the movies and simply comes
peeking up over my shoulder and booray
at the red box couldn't believe it we
just had ice cream that's where our
mouths are blue alright guys we're going
and call it a night where are we you
have another day here tonight guys don't
forget we love you remember have blue so
you will have to just forgive me for
that but we are about to do something
very special I'm going to pull over and
let Abram unbuckle and get in the front
seat next to me buckle back up and we're
gonna go down a really pretty Street
near our neighborhood and look at
Christmas lights together I'm gonna go
super slow but I am gonna let him set up
here so that he can see otherwise it's
pointless he can't see from the seat so
let's do it red you get a laugh yeah you
do gotta buckle up are you excited yeah
go ahead and buckle up and mommy's can
drive real slow and we're gonna go look
at light all right man you ready mommy's
going very slow not even 5 miles an hour
and we're gonna look at some Christmas
lights outside
well lucky day Chris visits dad's
awesome
probably changing a lollipop conical
eatin you go eat those lollipop stand
that everyman which over here buddy at
this beautiful house they have a teddy
bear on their doorstep yes that's the
one that has music playing we're almost
there get ready to see it buddy well
look at the windows in there they have
trees and all their windows that is so
pretty how you closer to it oh yeah it
is a - potty not like it went eight
o'clock on the road not yet
abran look out my window oh my goodness
it's a show look at it it's like a light
show baby look at that one over there
they have green all around their entire
house do you see it is that ugly see
okay
oh yeah rainbow around the trees but
around the house is green I don't know
if you guys can tell enough but that
tree is red white and blue it is so cute
this house gets house of village yeah he
has a red nose
they're moving super slowly how cute
Abram are you ready for the best most
special Christmas lights of the are we
ready Wow
it's a massive tree all lit incredible
it's Bible time now Abram has his new
little Bible book that he got at his
school party we have matching jammies on
what's our story today Abram we already
did that one and that one and we did
that one and so today we're on this one
the blessing of a manger wait didn't we
read this one last night we did no I
listened the blessing of praise AHA the
angels were praising God saying get
glory to God in heaven can you guys tell
what I'm up to tonight that's right I
finished eight loads of laundry in the
last two days and now tonight I can
focus on getting everything Prison able
and ready for Christmas Day but first on
to comment of the day and question of
the day okay guys comment of the day
goes to where did it go Oh Julius
Rodriguez I'm very excited because I
want to open my present already with a
bunch of exclamation points and a
question mark at the end which leads me
to question of the day what is the
meaning of Christmas to you and your
family let us know in the comments below
to us as many of you probably have
already guessed it is the celebration of
the birth of Jesus and we celebrate by
gathering at the family giving gifts
eating food and just praising the Lord
for he's done and for sending his sons
on that note I'll tell you all good
night we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other pull the trigger no look at
mommy and shoot it uh-oh
