also today is Memorial Day so happy
Memorial Day to everyone I feel funny
saying happy Memorial Day
Sam sister wrote this thing about it and
it was really good saying how like it's
actually not a happy Memorial Day today
is a day to remember fallen soldiers who
risk their lives and gave their lives to
protect the freedom and the lives of our
country and so I just wanted to thank
all of you soldiers out there all of you
veterans who have who have served or are
serving or you've lost and when you
serve thank you thank you thank you you
are my sister
by the same guy love butter thing
we were
and this together got all this got set
up we're about to do a short sandy came
over she brought it with a port set and
we're gonna build it for the kids and a
go and I get all cozy and do the puzzles
in color and do whatever they want this
is so cool it's for a girl that looks
like the room if you can make it go up
with you make it tall this could be the
door so he came in smiling this one he
is so happy what happy little boy a
little baby are you happy to see Kate
okay so this is a little harder than it
looks so I want to make a time-lapse of
us trying to get this done we've already
had to like start over a couple of times
let's see
we gave up the fort builder it's not
staying it's really arts that we're
going to use real chairs and blankets
all right we know how to make a rainy
day fun that looks awesome you guys are
you in a fort Abram oh I'll take that
that's mommy's thank you I want to go
and look for it please put me on for it
you want to playing the fort take me to
the afford it looks so fun and while
they're in the fort we have footage to
go through this is all old pictures
videos and stuff from high school
college on your know-it-all probably
2004 to 2007 oh my goodness you want to
get in the boat don't act like that you
have to share with your butt know what
how deca boat this is a house that's
also a boat Wow
so y'all live on a houseboat you're a
nanny is that funny he called you nanny
okay so definitely from a hold memories
in these CDs and you wrote it really
made it through to so far but I have
quite a few I'm going to show you later
I have all of these we had an injury in
the fort this is why you don't sit on
top of the roof of a fort don't try that
at home everyone the whole boat scene
sneak peek out what you're gonna see
later back in my Berkshires days
a vehicle playing rain don't think so no
way that is crazy
I'll tell it okay I wouldn't go that far
but he had pretty bad man several parts
and Texas are having trouble flooding
can I do this it's wild
you're outside a broom no way what well
let's just let him experience it she's
brave enough go ahead Avram check it out
everyone you done hi bro typical massage
Abram come inside you know please come
inside
Oh
whoa come back inside aber is lightning
are you not scared then who's gonna love
come back inside
come back inside
what are you doing with a guy tasting
the water so crusher are we mad brainy
Wow pretty cool side good side
pretty good side
all right now he's a cozy inside rainy
day I did so much today to prevent the
kids from being glued to the TV
Cuffy came over we had force we did
puzzles we did so many different things
and now I'm giving in and they're gonna
get to watch a cartoon I try to call
Annie inside but she won't come any
won't come Symphony no what do you think
she's doing like this way think so
I think she's under our shed with Oreo I
think they like dug a little hide under
a shed but she also has a doghouse
busted out there and ran from it and she
would not come to me I feel bad for her
being out there it's crazy crazy rain
but she'll be ok guys don't worry about
her
hello say hello hello he's making
everything talk on the phone no he's
making a stool talk on the phone
can you make my tripod talk on the phone
yeah how about the floor before wanna
talk on the phone how long what are you
doing here doctor wants to talk on the
phone is that brought to talk on the
home oh we need to cook for a minute ok
cook guys I made homemade cajun chicken
pasta tonight and this is all from
scratch look at this look at that
I'm excited that's my favorite pasta
looking put on a plate for me would you
sure but I don't get to make the bread
yet I forgot umm
the guy's ever jumped for the first time
well man he's been working on jumping
for so long like he'll take one step you
can go like one foot first and the other
one after but just now he did both feet
just like so like gentle buddy
you're just 1 2 3 whoa you did it like
that never done this one ever 1 2 3
there goes one what do free jump one two
interesting story last night I had a
patient who said he actually shot with
Chris Kyle in a diaper and the Marines
and he was actually on a team with Chris
Kyle Chris Kyle if you guys don't know
was a sniper from American sniper of the
movie he died here in Texas was murdered
here in Texas but American sniper was
just an incredible film from anyway I
thought that was interesting he told us
some stories about him I saved his
brigade and stuff thank you everybody
who has sacrificed their family members
for families like ours happy Memorial
Day guys and I'll see you tomorrow now
is a good time for me to go through
these old photos that sandy brought over
today there's quite a few of them so I'm
just gonna kind of scroll through them
on the computer and show you guys
everything
there's mainly pictures of me and Sandy
but there are a few yeah this is Sam and
Eric
as you can see Sam is um stripping and
eric is putting a dollar in his pants
hahaha more Sam and Eric shenanigans and
now they've moved it over to the
birthday girl this is melee she was one
of our best friends in high school yeah
there we are cutting the brownies for
the birthday girl and if you look in the
background right there
JooJoo that's Andrew way back there he
had really long hair me Lee Courtney me
and in sandy and this was sandy Eric's
first apartment that's me at graduation
picture day we went to the high school
and we all had like these kind of random
professional pictures taken and so that
was one of mine we tried so hard to get
a good picture of all four of us we all
four graduated together and say maybe
you're ahead of us and we tried so hard
to get a picture of all of us on the
senior block and it just didn't work
that was literally the best one we got
that is typical me and Sandy you guys
know us that was the day I got my very
first digital camera again this is sandy
and I in the Walmart bathroom bathroom
selfie
this was my myspace pic when I was a
senior in high school for a long time
Joey's a tearoom nanny sandy who else is
in there you see mama Blaney there we
are again this was one of my favorite
pictures of the three of us Sam and Eric
they were either writing a song mixing a
song or working on lyrics to a song for
their band
FTF they were so young this was one of
my all-time favorite pictures of them
together I just love the way Sam was
sitting his focused face just all of it
I loved it this one is like super pixely
but this was me and Lauren you guys have
met Lauren a couple of times on surface
day and I'm telling you guys I have no
memory of this day I can tell that
that's my handwriting the letters are on
my shirt but I really don't remember
making a shirt I don't know where I got
those pants I really just don't know
those are clearly someone's Lisa Frank
pajama pants there's symphony and Cuffy
when they were little bitty babies where
they are eating their little apples do
you remember that what do you think when
you see that it is so cute isn't it Oh
anyways it is time for me to get these
kiddos in bed you ready to go to sleep
Avram no oh I guess not then are you
ready to go to sleep
no okay so with that being said thank
you for coming along with us today guys
it's been a rainy rainy day all day
long it's been rainy and then tonight it
stormed outside it's just in like it's
just been like one of those days we've
been cooped up in the house all day so
oh don't forget we love you a networker
and okay we love you man remember to
scan some of your old pictures ha ha ha
we shout
but then mister
