join you guys to this dedication day for
Abram and it is pouring down right now
you're nothing new here in Texas nothing
new
Jesus no guy looks at his little pants
wait Tiffany had the bright idea just
take off my shoes you are my sister made
by the same guy loved by the same yard
we've got to give
where I won't
in this together the Raiders and the
Crockers hooding come on up we don't
baptize little babies to here a pillar
Church you know there's lots of
nominations lots of really good Jesus
loving churches that do you believe that
baptism is something that should happen
after a profession of faith so first my
question is to you church family is that
given every opportunity to love these
little babies both little Kaede and
beautiful Abram will you commit as a
church family a church family which is
we're all called to be will you commit
to love these two precious little boys
with the love of Jesus and you said so
now just talking to extended family will
you commit to love these two little boys
and that way and you said yes and they
are beautiful is that to your arms Nia
and see me do you come to love these
beautiful little boys with all of your
hearts and to raise them to the best
that the Holy Spirit will inspire you
and lead you to love and know Jesus
Christ as their Lord and saviors and you
said yes I'm me of each other saying
sorry that's beautiful now when I talk
to dad who I think in our culture that
is so hard and we have a history and a
recent history of our nation of needing
a better better dads I am glad to say
things got two good dads here America
you should take the responsibility of
being godly leaders in your home with
your wives helping to leave the whole
whole family so I'm asking you to Eric
insane
do you guys commit before the water
before these witnesses to lead and love
your families but specifically for this
learning to lead in love Abram and leave
in love k with the Lord Jesus and you
wanna start we're just going to pray and
ask the Lord to come to really make this
a special murmur to seal it though these
two little guys will never remember this
it will seal it in the hearts of the
heavenlies but also in the hearts of
these families both church family
extended family and then immediate
family just join me in prayer you
forgive us and how you're patient with
us how you set us free whether you love
us like a father who is better than even
the best earthly father father when I
think you know we have Sam and Eric here
who both want to be men of God and on
the path being godly men our good
fathers and I asked what you would do
something in them as they grow in grace
and they grow in knowledge and
relationship to Jesus their king that
they would be inspired and empowered by
your spirit to become even better
fathers even better husbands even better
leaders in their home and in this world
what I tried to inspire them and lead
them what I pray for those sandy and Nia
that she would inspire these two women
of God and you would lead them and fill
them and guide them to love these two
precious little boys and pray for a TV
and cable that you look my greatest part
for them as Lord just simply that
they're yours I just pray that they
belong to Jesus Lord we pray that you
would preserve them in integrity this
world bombards little boys and younger
and younger ages of all the filthy
wickedness in the darkness of a
corrupted and broken world and we pray
that you preserve them as
begins have light in their homes in
their schools among their friends as we
know the enemy will try to creep and
crawl and tempt and drag and just
distract and destroy all of that we just
pray that they would be strong in Jesus
we can trust that you use them to make a
great and beautiful difference in this
world for your kingdom for your glory
for there going also to the good of this
world we pray this in Jesus Holy Name
Amen you guys literally tried to drink
this water that is so gross buddy
now we're home and the kids are playing
a little more freely in the water the
dedications went perfect it was so
amazing and just so beautiful it was
just so special to me just doing that
with our best friends and you know both
spoke directly to me and Sandy has moms
and then he spoke to Eric and Sam as
dads and as husband and I just started
crying I'm just gonna cry talking to
guys about I could not believe like I
was watching these two that I saw as
like reckless teenagers annoying and
goofy and loud just standing up there as
men like proclaiming to lead our
families I just I just could not I don't
know it was so special and it meant so
much to me especially doing that on our
best friends it was perfect as beautiful
bows prayer was really beautiful and
just meant so much to us it was really
good and also you know the kids did good
symphony and cuff they they were still
they were quiet Abram on the other hand
he got kind of loud he kept asking he
get down he saw Andrew at one point he
was like pointing to jeju-do my kids are
like waterbugs I've got to go make lunch
for everyone and now he's all naked he
got soaking wet and it's lunch time
instead of eating all this yummy fruit
and cheese on his sandwich plate he
wants to eat peanut butter so I just
brought it over here I've given him
three little spoonfuls three you went
the lid are you gonna close up the
peanut butter for us to thank back the
peanut butter did y'all sleep good you
did for the last three nights and nap
times Abram has been wanting to sleep
with a sippy cup of juice and I was like
no we are not starting that now because
before we know what we're going to
around and break him of that habit and
that's a hard thing to do so today at
nap time I did something a little
differently usually I put him in his
crib and I sing to him and do all this
stuff we play we talk and all this and
then I walk out well that's when he's
been asking for the juice so I decided
I'm gonna read and sing and everything
to him before we put him in his bed then
as soon as I put him in his bed I'm
gonna say I love you good night and then
I'll leave the room he did cry for a
little bit he was really wanting his
drink but it only lasted like no no five
seven minutes wasn't very long at all if
it's under 10 minutes I say that's a
good nap time
uh-huh uh-huh oh look gonna go but
before I go we want announced you guys
the good news should be not to come not
we should announce it simply look how
about you announce it to them what's
going on tell them tell them the good
news
but you think about it you you know I
want you to the good news is Tiffany
made it into your school
you did it me you made it into the best
school on the planet cuz you're a smarty
pants and you listen to what the teacher
told you to do and you were in line with
your peers right notice that yeah
something like that and this guy is
gonna be home alone with mommy soon yeah
we're gonna have to start looking at
home school stuff for this guy I started
with symphony doing homeschool stuff too
and so right when she goes to school I
give me about two I'm going to start
looking up stuff different types of
stuff for him what I do yeah it needs to
be more rigorous I want that guy just
like outside I want him to learn math
very well a lot better than I do his
time tables lot better than I know that
I'm selling our cars not in the house
guys that's just a reflection so I
received a lot of backlash on
yesterday's video I was just quoting
facts to you guys a lot of you guys just
prefer not to hear the truth and that's
understandable but I mean I grew up
without a dad too and these are things
hard to hear this this also applies to
boys and men I have a lot of issue
because a group without that by me
reminding you it was reminding myself
the importance of me being an active
father
my children that's all it was I wasn't
trying to make anybody sad that they
didn't have a dad or that they were
doing without and also these were most
of the facts I stated were stating less
likely this doesn't make going to
college impossible just because you grew
up without a father doesn't mean that
you can't delay satisfaction or
gratification or whatever and also I
fail to mention that there still is hope
for those who did grow up without a
father there is a father in heaven who
is reaching down and wants you to reach
back so the importance of a father
figure also applies to living a life
without our Father in heaven so yeah I'm
sorry if I hurt anybody that was
completely unintentional obviously but
I'm not sorry that I posted the facts I
mean it's just it's a part of life and
when I'm stating those facts my
attention was for the ears of mother and
father's to hear and realize the
importance of making marriage work of
keeping the father in the home so that
was one of my biggest intentions and
doing that too anyway guys thanks for
listening I'll see you tomorrow well
guys we're getting ready to take our
daily walk and low and behold a spider
had babies on our stroller like all over
our stroller and this mosquito man like
oh my gosh this is like traumatic um so
I'm like hosing down our stroller
and Abram while I'm at it they were
seriously all over this thing in the
seats on the back in the canopy then
when I turned it sideways to start
spraying the canopy out like three big
ones came out and I was like one of
those was probably a really angry mommy
spider no angry daddy's spider maybe who
knows maybe they're all mommies and they
all had baby I'm gonna get to get Hello
Kitty you spin
see you later are you going to work bye
buddy have a good day
you always get stuck right there I'm so
cute oh you're there I see okay look
who's here sandy we are making gift
baskets out of the stuff that we got the
other day and over here in this area we
are going to be filming a new video for
Nia's nest so the Q&A that I'm doing is
this Wednesday and then the following
Friday we're going to upload our first
funny Friday video it's gonna be really
cute when it's up and everything I'll
let you guys know and link it below and
all that but it's going to be really fun
so for now we are just making the gift
baskets it's really hard for me to stay
out of the chocolate but way more bags
of chocolate than I thought I did good
for me way to go me I thought I got four
but it turns out I have one two three
four five six seven just before my song
I got seven Nupur yes so all of our
little goodie bags are finished and
we're getting ready to film the whisper
challenge for my mommy channel I'm so
excited
who you guys think is gonna do better
you'll just have to go find out at Nia's
nest on Friday it'll be live I think
probably at 5 p.m. so anyways guys we
will see you tomorrow and don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
for their misty
