so throughout our date today I'm gonna
throw out some facts to you guys I
recently read or have gone through a
book several times called strife father
strong daughters and it talks a lot
about the research on the importance of
a father figure in the home for a
daughter
so throughout today I'm gonna throw some
of those facts
I the same love by the same
give
and this together good morning guys this
is our breakfast today we have pancake
casserole it smells amazing and to top
it off with syrup oh my goodness
daddy's in for a surprise when he wakes
up Oh Sammy he said okay keep calling
him where is my daughter
yeah come with me my daughter this is my
daughter and this is our date night hi
Nana
can I have my date please sip know where
we're gonna go sweetie okay and then
what come come to me I said if it rained
it we would go on our date and what is
the door it's raining that means that's
why that's right that's why I simply
agreed to go shopping with me for a new
desk chair right are we gonna do that
like you said I could okay cool so are
we gonna go out to eat
McDonagh you're gonna McDonald's shots
go to McDonald's what am I doing wrong
so our first fact of the day girls with
a father-figure feel more protected have
higher self-esteem and more likely to
attempt college and less likely to drop
out of college
Tiffany and I decided to take our date
to the outdoors let's see what you got
in your happy meal what'd you get okay
Frenchie fry ZZZ I told him a girl toy
twice I knew it I knew this would happen
I'm so sorry cutie I told him twice you
heard me I said we need a girl toy and
the drive-through then at the window I
said is there a girl toy in it she said
yes there should be a girl toy in there
is that a girl toy do you want it and or
a girl toy again we can do that I really
wanted to eat something healthy but I
buckled under pressure and look what I
got I got the sirloin third pound burger
I have to try it just looks so good I
feel like a fatty McPhatter soon though
yeah that looks really good that's a
McDonald's burger don't that look good
okay maybe they ran out of girl toys oh
yeah good point maybe they did but why
didn't they tell us why why didn't they
tell the truth that's a good question
say honesty is the best policy
say I know honesty honesty is the best
policy policy good job all right let's
see that was a good burger you ready to
go play sent me one more chicken up
either we go play and then you can me
and it's that time again a finding
quoted and strong father strong
daughters
okay so girls who are close to their
fathers exhibit less anxiety and
withdrawn behaviors
the other one is daughters who perceived
that their fathers care a lot about them
who feel connected to their fathers have
significantly fewer suicide attempts and
fewer instances of body dissatisfaction
depression low self-esteem substance use
and unhealthy weight the roles of a
father are just immense it's you you're
gonna go all the way down
look at the princess of the mountains
Tiffany was too scared of karma facts
you made it always good apology I'm so
proud of you proud of yourself because
you captain it good job baby
sniffing yeah I got front-row seats to a
plane show look there's another one
I guess the airport's right on the other
side that's like the eighth one that's
flown over us Wow
I could really use a wish right now wish
right now wish right now girls who live
with their mothers only have
significantly less ability to control
impulses delay gratification and have a
weaker sense of conscious of right and
wrong
hi no that's not mine we're just here to
exchange the toy Western a girl toy
she said would you mind telling the
truth if you don't give us a girl to it
because last time they told us that they
wouldn't give us a drill to it but they
gave us a boy toy okay all right thanks
take care oh thanks appreciate it
hey you two so the one office store that
we have here in taro is closed so we're
gonna look in Big Lots errands and
rent-a-center for a desk chair and we
happen to spot my mom and Andrew and big
long shopping so we're surprised what a
coincidence so they have to be shopping
here I never come to Big Lots
what's up yes shopton I'm off
what a coincidence that you guys were
here I never come to Big Lots mom wonder
comforting if they want this out while
you're sleeping oh really
we're just looking for a desk chair
together she's having me shot for this
chair what do you think of that chair
it's only 45 bucks I like the price it's
kind of small what do you think is it
comfortable it's not not really
what about lip doesn't have good lift
let's try this something to think about
it's not bad well write errands and they
don't have any desk chairs either so
we're just hanging out watching what
symphony we're watching thank you for
watching coupon Panda funky like how she
says it's I'm not gonna correct it so
here's another fact for you guys
remember these are facts deserts
opinions of anybody's these are based on
evidence girls with fathers who are
involved in their lives have higher
quantitative and verbal skills and
higher intellectual functioning it's
really cozy here it makes me want to set
up our living room a little bit more
comfortable we don't have a very
inviting living room it's actually kind
of
just not very cozy
that's actually the computer desk
identities not complete unless you ended
at Walmart so we're at Walmart now
listen to that chairs that is a computer
desk I don't know if they sewed those
chairs at Walmart if they do they're
boxed up and I really don't want to mess
with that we really need a desk chair
for two reasons first of all the
cushioning in that chair is non-existent
and it's really loud really loud chair
it's just completely uncomfortable we've
had it for years and years and years
we've never bought a new desk chair
actually that came from nice old house
when we got married and I got about six
thousand photos to sift through and edit
so I needed an incentive to sit there
for hours on end and I want to do it in
a comfortable chair anything okay
I wanted to color this chair something
bright for the room I didn't want to go
with black again I may just wait it out
took a check yet like my key or
something
it works pretty good we try it did you
hear pillow I'm gonna undo baby
Sunderland
I made so it came home without a chair
simply did we did get her a little Lego
kit I love building Legos with sim
nephew like she gets smarter every time
we build one so some things you have a
good date with me
not a great time with you is there a way
that I can be a better father to know
better daddy what is one way I can be a
better daddy - okay all right guys one
one more thing one more fat before we go
inside girls with good fathers are less
likely to talk themselves to City
Melanesia doing right going
so daddy and Sissy had a date today and
me and Abram had an in-home day we read
whatever we wanted to read whoa with
your truck doing baa baa baa bye
bones on your pajamas well go to the
boat what are the bombs for no no no no
none for the doggies what did the doggy
say ah yeah what does the KitKat say
yeah
what is the cows hoping Sam we'll set up
a tripod but I don't know if you'll feel
like doing that but Courtney will be
there so maybe we can talk her into
filming I'm looking forward to it it's a
really special thing and he's being
dedicated along with Kate how cute is
that
so tomorrow come back for the dedication
but we're also going to be sharing some
really good news with you guys and we
can't wait it's something you've been
waiting to hear alright guys Nia's
putting eye bum down said to me and I
are gonna build her Lego set and then
you're gonna get your happy pants in bed
aren't you yeah those are happy pants
kids do better academically if their
fathers established rules an exhibit
affection
can you may kiss love you alright guys
don't forget we love you and remember
love each other
