ah where's the Elmo he's looking for hey
crazy where is he where's Elmo oh my
goodness Abram phew all my brother you
are my sister
by the same guy No
by the same
mom
world
in this together morning guys starting
our day off at home where she hate it
I hope this morning goes my way of
cooking for the family home depot is
very nice to take back several gallons
of paint for us this house has just been
really just mentally exhausting for me
I'm just so over it mentally yesterday
we received more rain just yesterday
than we did all year last year we've
been receiving so much rain it's been
absolutely crazy and today's supposed to
be cloudy all day long and then the rest
of the week rained every single day so
if I do paint today I won't have any
sunshine for to like set because
tomorrow supposed to rain all day I
think like 50% actually and I guess this
is kind of worked out too doesn't have a
really good self you guys have pretty
much tried every shade of Blues gray in
the rainbow or whatever yeah we really
have we've tried so many different
colors for some reason we're just having
so much trouble figuring it out I'm just
ready to move on to a new project and so
ready oh so now we're going to the post
office I've got a big bunch of boxes
back there and I don't know what else I
think Sam's mom was thinking about
coming over today I don't know she still
is I was really proud of Nia for
registering our car but she didn't
register our other car so yesterday on
my way home from seeing Mad Max I felt I
just wanted a speedo F do you see that
movie you just kind of become a
different driver really right so when I
got pulled over I thought because I was
feeding but it's Ashley because I didn't
have a license plate in front of the car
but anyway he saw my register upon
registration was out on that car he
didn't give me a ticket thank goodness
so we're gonna go do that finally get
that out of the way did you buy this no
that came with a little dollar that
about to haul up the logs see that's a
little one it came with office if any
guess well you could sure use it
pretty cool huh man there you go got it
just go
keep sliding it a motor it was so cheap
not really cheating what look I found a
little roly-poly we got so many
different names from you guys some
people call them wood lice or what a
louse I like potato bug that's pretty
common me too
isn't it Cooper came home - they're
taking my tree sooner or later we're
gonna have a coffee table that was made
out of that tree say bye-bye to the tree
Symphony say it was good knowing you say
so long suckers
why all right guys I got something
really cool to show you so last year on
my brother's birthday he received this
really cool electronic kit as you guys
know he's been my twin brother has been
into electronics and robotics lately and
I'm after he got this kit for his
birthday he called me and suggested that
I get one for our kids I could teach
them how to do electronics at an early
age and he said this would be the
perfect way to do it so before I could
even buy the kit believe it or not the
company actually reached out to us and
asked us if we'd be interested and
promoting their product in return for
them sponsoring our channel so I'm going
to show you guys what we got here is
pretty awesome deal Angelo be checking
it out so it's called little bits
electronics I got the smart home kit
they have a kit for pretty much
everybody
musicians programmers gadget geeks but
as a home project enthusiast I got the
smart home kit pretty much what this kit
allows you to do is to automate anything
in your home with little electronic
components but pretty much these make up
a circuit so you have your power power
is always marked in blue and you start
your circuit with the blue plug that in
for me
all right we got power so then you got
the little pink modules the pink modules
are your inputs these are either a
sensor a knob a switch why don't we make
an mp3 player so there's like 60
different modules you can buy separately
online or combined and kits there's so
many different ones it's pretty fun and
they're always coming out with new ones
here you go something so plug that one
in we'll do the mp3 player so this is
the input this is going to tell us what
we want the output to do we're gonna
need a speaker so plug the speaker in
and the green modules are your outputs
these are the ones that do something and
the orange ones are for like branching
and off it's all magnetic - it just
snaps together just like that all right
so let's turn the volume up what's
always playing through there look you
could change the song by pressing next
press that little button what how cool
is that
I pre-loaded those on there there's a
little SD card you can preload any songs
you want to put on there
so this is like the very very basics of
this kit I mean this kit does so many
different things and there's projects on
their websites if they are going to do
is the light one we're going to do
Wireless lighting turn your home
lighting on remotely from anywhere in
the world so you can see when my
brother's saying that this is absolutely
the perfect way to get your children
started in electronics and for you guys
for Sam many of viewers you guys can get
$20 off an $80 purchase or more by going
to little bits comm slash Sam or you
could go to little bits comm and then
enter the promo code Sam and you'll get
$20 off your order or go build a circuit
for her lamp and I'll show you guys the
results all right so we're all done we
built our little circuit here this
circuit allows you to turn a light on
anywhere from anywhere in the world
all right click the button Oh click it
again you don't have to hold it down
just touch it
they're cool my awesome little bitch
calm you can go to little bit so calm /
Sam and get $20 off your $80 purchase or
more your creativity is the limit such
an easy day today we had breakfast at
lunch
so we didn't really have lunch with his
head snacks in between and so I'm making
a new recipe
it looks delicious can you guys see it
anyway it's called no yolks beef noodle
casserole I rarely make casseroles I
don't think they're Sam's favorite but
it's been so long I decided to look up
some new recipes and I'm gonna make it
okay oh thank goodness here guys some
great news here we have officially
picked the color over half yeah so we're
not going to show you guys the color
until we're done with the job I think we
can hold it okay I'll do the job for
never yeah I was in the backyard putting
up the stuff I got something else too a
little something something for myself
no but yeah I got a new chainsaw
whoa whoa yeah Deb chainsaw has a lot of
power
pretty scary I made a video for my play
man channel that will be post in the
next few days so if you guys want to
check out my new chainsaw you can check
that out a couple days so yeah Tiffany I
owe you a date night if it's raining
tomorrow Symphony and I are gonna go on
a date night is it raining
if it's raining but hey if we as if we
have sunshine tomorrow I'm gonna have to
paint the house okay that's the deal
but I always send me a date I really do
miss her I feel like we've gotten kind
of distant in the past couple weeks just
because I've been so busy I really miss
her we can do some more of the little
bits tide if you want to spend some time
together round
removing some of our packages and out
there they are
I can't help you Cooper he's so cute
when he soup looks at his to two truths
can you poop it no pulling down sit
down
your go poopoo packages packages hey
it's over say open you mean open that
one - Sam in the UH the genuine whirly
public sipping you spin this and it
spins the seats so you get all the
single hop oh man this is awesome where
make some popcorn
tonight make it now right now he's
saying cool pop pop in case you guys are
wondering I know who sent this right
Tanner he warned us that this would take
a pop but really it was right thank you
Brian
yeah thanks a lot Brian this is really
cool guys who said that put it on is it
open
go ahead put on it for us all right
there now take that off Symphony only
there we go that's a was he thank you
but not Abram oh no he thinks he's so
big he wants to wear it so bad they can
hug Elmo all night long abran oh that's
so sweet
yes oh my god she's literally pulling
his shirt kissing it can you get any
cuter where's the Elmo he's looking for
him hey where is he oh where is he
where's Elmo oh my goodness Abram you
were too much you once again Oh Elmo has
to blow his nose ah we did get a
neighborhood person said that but thank
you so much that is just so cute
alright guys wanna call it a day Nia's
putting the kids down to sleep check out
my new picture behind me
Kapow look at that I get to look at that
every time I sit down editor vlog or
edit a wedding don't forget to check out
little bits guys little bits comm slash
Sam it's such a cool thing to keep in
mind for the holidays such perfect gift
idea for children and even anybody into
electronics but anyway guys we'll see
you tomorrow don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
you can't make it
for a misty
