morning Symphony good morning Abram come
on kitty good morning you guys like my
new shirt hey bruh what are you doing it
is literally what about five
got to give
in this together remote control then
he's controlling Thomas he's terrified
oh he doesn't like it it was spinning in
circles he kind of flipped out when it
started spinning around in circles
Abram you've been asking us with
batteries forever Cissy loves stuff like
this we need to change your clothes
somebody dressed herself last night she
was sick didn't quite match it up
c'mere cook see the two tubes should be
lit a little orphan this morning naked
her clothes she's got a bit over why
stuff like that freaking out again dude
what's wrong couple of the two to
complete the choo-choo so what's on the
agenda for today babe
well alright so after you chew your food
bond in the grocery store and tonight me
and my girlfriends are gonna go see
pitch perfect - oh where you going
names E mmm okay
well me my friend we're gonna go watch
Mad Max in four so kind of hoping we
like run into each other no I was going
to tell you what the Janeiro's going to
unless you ask we're probably going for
me and kind of hoping we might just like
bumping each other pretend like we don't
know each other or Nana
well Mikayla is tonight this is a
Wrangler star original even has the
YouTube logo on there as a limited
edition shirt made by Ringo Starr my
ultimate favorite channel if you guys
want to check them out I'll put a link
in the description so before my girls
trip tonight I'm going back to Hobby
Lobby I have some stuff to return and
this little spool of stuff got water in
it
hopefully they'll still take it back it
was left outside I don't know how that
happened or if it just got dropped in
the rain or I don't really know but it's
gonna call I never have returns I never
have anything like leftover that I can
you know go it's dangerous I know to me
that's like saving money and helping my
business you know with my profit and
stuff but I've got this whole bag full
of stuff to return I'm kind of excited
about it so I'm kind of hoping I can get
out of there without paying anything
we'll see that's always fun
making something out of the would be
done for a minute I felt like a college
girl I've got my sweater over my collar
my hair is all straightened I don't wear
my hair straight that often I was
totally gonna fix today and I just kept
putting it off and kept putting it off
and then finally it was like 4:45 and I
was like mom supposed to leave in 15
minutes let us straighten it real quick
it is fading quickly you guys the red
under there you'll see it I didn't do a
very good straightening job either but
do you see it's like turning that pinky
brownish color there's not here yet I
need to go look at my independent baby
bye
Abram I love you
crackin rapmon's getting all wet I'll
pitch brains beauty one person I like as
much as me cuz I get the word pitch and
they all got brains Norfolk beauty okay
so now what do we do now what do we do
yummy jumbo coconut shrimp
this is Tiffany are awesome waitress can
I ride with you yeah I surprised her she
didn't know we were all gonna ride
together we just bombarded in her new
truck this is katie has no ride like
this the other day she was a really nice
truck mom she took it so cute we had the
theater or you can order food we're on
this side of the road
they're on that side of the road which
actually works out perfectly because we
talk a lot during movies and now they
won't hear it so much they like to give
our own commentary she's hilarious
everyone's like it's just the previews
not even a real free
we're hoping seen everyone that if we
were in college again we all would have
totally because obviously we have a
place in the car it was really good we
had so much fun it was like oh my gosh
it's so much fun yeah I saw very
Instagram wait till you edit the vlog
Sam was like did you vlog tonight and I
was like yeah consider like giggling and
dancing and singing vlogging I thought I
was kind of thinking that I was probably
gonna be corny cuz you know usually when
there's a really good first movie and
then there's a sequel it's kind of
cheesy but it really wasn't it was
actually really good movie the whole way
through there was one little part that
was just a little bit much but it was
okay so it was still funny anyway guys I
guess we'll see you tomorrow tomorrow's
my turn to make breakfast so I'm gonna
take everybody out cuz I don't like to
cook so probably go out in the morning
and probably get some paint again but
anyway we'll see guys mom don't forget
you love you and remember to love each
other
what they missed
