oh my gosh Oh turtle slow down slow down
little guy go go faster
we've got to give
in this together you want to wake
everybody will look behind you something
might make you happy
what is that doughnut day we haven't had
donut day in a long time here at the Red
House whatever okay donut day yeah she
she she spent sister love you little
brother you don't know so much but you
want donuts in mama oh so I got the good
donuts this time guys I went all the way
to the old place that I used to go my
old job wait what couple miles out of
the way I was like I've tried a new
place a place that's closer to my new
work and the donuts are just horrible
there's cinnamon it's regular and the
rest are for everybody to share and the
best place about this donut shop is the
cinnamon donut holes they're incredible
my favorite donuts though at this place
of the buttermilk the cinnamon and the
regular and we always get apple fritter
for me and out of Cher
and always a blue berry Dona for some
reason I just can't not leave a donut
shop without getting a blue berry Dona
and of course we always get these
buttery sausage rolls mmm don't know
whole yeah the kid is so happy with
doughnuts I love it and so do i and so
does me of course do you guys want to
know how you maximize happiness with
something moderation that is the secret
to enjoying the small things life you
have to you know enjoy them in
moderation let's have a good thing you
have the more you enjoy it so that's
kind of how I look at down a day for us
I try to live in it as much as possible
because it really makes the kids happy
when I bring home we can easily do it
every day
if you wanted to yeah but it's about
making it a treat and something special
for us to all share together what was
something I did as a kid that we did
look very little of that brought a lot
of happiness to our family and I
remember one thing that we did that was
very rare for us to do is going to
Walmart late at night and that just like
mean it's all so happy all the spelling
in the van and going to Walmart at 12
a.m. to go do some shopping I bet our
family going to Walmart in the van
together was just as happy as a rich
family all gathering in a van to go to
business in the other the enemy of
satisfaction is abundance but there's
one thing that you can have a whole
bunch of every single day and it can
never get old and you guys all know what
that is
farts everyone is scarfing down all the
doughnuts over there closer and smile
swiping no swipers guys we're headed to
the library and symphony just screaming
really loud and look what she saw
Chrissy it crossing the street oh my
gosh it's so cute it's going so fast
so big up oh my gosh Oh turtle slow down
slow down little guy go go faster all
the cars are making him nervous babe are
we see a turtle I decided to wait at
this red light to make sure the turtle
crosses the road safely I just can't
keep driving and not know if it gets to
the other side it's a red light anyways
oh man okay guys I'm in the safe zone
now oh he's already in the grass it's
gonna be really hard for you to see him
even if i zoom in I'll see but I don't
think so the tree another thing he's
gonna climb a tree babe can y'all see
him I can see his little head popping up
there he is he made it safely
library day hey secrets don't make
friends here here you
where's the baby Abram did you notice
Cuffy's here tough just hopped out of
the car while Sandy's parking my
battery's dying I don't know what is up
with me I forgot my camera the other day
today I don't have a working battery I
don't know what's up but I'll try to
capture some cute moments at the kids in
the library hmm they're so disinterested
Abraham's trying to interrupt their game
Avram the baby got boo-boos little Kade
got his shots today Oh buddy what about
this leg he got three shots today just
kissed his leg okay so I was just
showing sandy the old Arthur versus the
new Arthur isn't that so funny old
Arthur's kind of creepy looking it's
just so funny what is that you're
looking at know what
who's that yeah would you know that is
it creepy
we'll see you later cuff back you know
guys Symphony's sick today again she's
been laying around all afternoon and she
says she just doesn't feel good her
tummy sick so we are having storytime
our stack includes fish finds a home
llamas and pajamas llama llama red
pajama and of course look and find
frozen you think we should let the
viewers do one of these with this when
we do it mm-hmm okay
next we will do the jump rope good job
Symphony next is the chess game mm-hmm
you let's zoom in everywhere no chess
game there or there don't see a chess
game let's just get that no it's fine
oh I see it there it is no seriously
come here or just it mcgrath honey
happen
I wonder why needs stepping on glass in
our hallway where the kids walk through
my she might be stepping on glass got it
honey oh you poor things
she pretty much implanted that glass
straight to her foot so I was coming
around the corner here
coming into the kitchen she had a glass
of water ready to dump Thor me but she
threw on me but the cup went with the
water the glass shattered all over for
right at my feet
but did he tell you that you tried to
get me in the face with the donut not
once but twice and the second time you
jammed my head right into his stomach
and it hurts mash I'm just going to cut
it right there I just step on those
piece of glass just lady on oh the glass
left out of my hand because I was it was
wet yeah I did Sepang another piece
there's a little shards of glass
everywhere ok well I'll sleep again this
is very dangerous honey in her face I
step she stuffed it back and I stuffed
again held her down headlock and stuffed
in her mouth
I ran to the room I came out of the room
and she said no you didn't do the glass
of water at me intentionally throw glass
that's the thing about Nia she doesn't
know how to you know set limits for
certain things like you start playing
there's no limits it's like you know
it's all or nothing for now when we
start playing it was eating donuts for
dinner they're right here watching
what's his symphony would be watching
Sophia tiffany has a fever we told her
if she drank her motrin and she would
get to watch Sophia hey guys feed me
better yet mmm she really has been sick
all day poor girl she's so warm and this
guy just enjoying it all with her stuff
in his face with donuts right before bed
keep them up no more doughnuts okay
buddy no more
