ah hey get your bear yeah hey relax like
can you look at me like that or you look
at me like that
yes guess what what's wrong I don't got
either thanks daddy duty this morning
that's gone huh
Symphony if you don't eat the rest of
your stereo I'm gonna put it under there
anyways underlayer I need say underwear
I got home and I saw that I had several
missed calls from neo and sure enough
she was in bed and severe pain she's
having a lot of lower abdominal pain
I start to freak out at first and now
just like okay Sam think you know this
you're ER nurse even to us for the past
couple days long you know this think
what do you do for abdominal pains we
draw the blood they send it to the lab
and then we do a cat scan in the belly I
don't have any of those resources here
at the house so then I was like okay I
don't have those resources what do we do
anyway to do what we treat her pain I
had like two left over telling all
number three's so I gave her one of
those yes i medicated my wife with my
prescription don't tell anybody
that's against the wall I think but um
yeah so she's in bed resting she has a
history of ovarian cysts so that could
definitely be almost going on so it
seems like makes me kind of worried
because we haven't been using and sort
of birth control and we've been trying
to get pregnant what we have done
nothing to prevent it and I mean nothing
she asked me to take her to the ER
actually but she's on downtown so
hopefully she'll just get some rest to
feel better remember I had this top
station
I do remember we should take mommy to it
I could cake so much my cool
in her we needed taker to it take the
tools to her check her up that's a great
idea what is that your stethoscope
alright put the stress of scope on do
you have your what is that one called oh
I think that's a reflex hammer yeah okay
what else we got what is that a Shaq
maybe the otoscope oh okay you got it
you know this is called the blood
pressure cuff it's called a
sphygmomanometer yeah all right let's go
check mommy up yeah maybe I'll just
stick it you want to on your hand with
your head cheek Yona cheek cheek okay
you cutie there you go mister oh I
didn't get the feeder some toast that
was fine she half of it I took a little
bite of it no no that's reading ah check
out her ears make sure you have a ear
infection
what does it sound like symphony do you
hear s one of those two mm-hmm
I can't hear anything you can't hear a
single thing that's not good what that
means
mommy has no heart itis check your blood
pressure now she'll be probably easier
arm we go check the blood pressure Wow
alright pop that sucker up so when
you're checking blood pressure you have
to listen at the same time get to listen
for the artery open up as she
hypertensive or hypotensive Bueller
she's normal tentative say normotensive
great now we need to check her eyes I
guess and your other ear yeah walked
away touch she gets up let's check her
brother here our pupils equal and
reactive
make sure both sides look the same hit
open them up like this okay like this
here to make sure the pupils are the
same size on both sides and that the
reactive to light and they accommodate
to distance okay why don't you check her
corneal reflex by tapping your eyeball
with this hammer alright huh nice might
hurt a little bit say mommy take a deep
breath all clear to auscultation
great you didn't hear any wheezing or
crackles bilaterally no you didn't hear
him in mommy you didn't hear any
crackles mommy we're going to give you a
lot of shot here in your gluteus maximus
no allergies we're gonna go give her the
shot are you gonna do it in the arm all
right right in the elbow perfect there's
a lot of muscle there do you have like a
prognosis order like when she'll be
better or if she'll be better or how
long is gonna take her to get better
what I forgot what a diagnosis yeah
what's the diagnosis you don't
no that helped your pain feel pain
yesterday sometimes I can you know you
can have the cyst and it can cause pain
like a dull ache and then way it bursts
it can cause a sudden pain I share this
morning most appearances they're benign
and they cause no problems and they're
very common
they usually all resolves spontaneously
so hopefully that's all that was but I
gotta go to sleep now my nerves you're
welcome
I know my guys have fun what nienna kids
today my brother you are my sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
yard we've got
where I won't
in this together and this is how we lose
our key so frequently Abram got ahold of
them in their mixed in with all the toys
tough this morning yeah you're gonna
lose my keys good morning everyone I'm
feeling much better yeah I have to get
supplies today
we're pretty sure that I just had a cyst
rupture if I start hurting again I'm
going to go somewhere like to a doctor
like an urgent care my doctor is all
booked up today and if not then I mean
that's pretty much what it was there's
nothing wrong doctor can do what did you
find hey did you find sandy what did you
guys find I found a cane hey in flower
yay me and Sandy R tag-teaming my Reis
list today we needed yellow burlap
there's still a few people who ordered
sunflowers and they don't have any I got
a honey stop by a fabric store I just
run inside come on big kids who get to
walk with your feet not right on your
mom's you want to try more like a broom
you got your little hand oh so this is
how we're making it work abran was not
really happy and he's interfering so
here is what I'm doing everybody give me
your hand
so they don't hand
then he samples all the lotions well I
take care of business and take care of
business out here okay so you guys know
I'm all about being frugal and like
saving money so Sadie help me find 25
percent off coupon score right here
anywhere at anytime
and so right now about the Body Works is
having a sale for buy three get two free
plus the coupon so we are going to show
you guys how the total before and then
after it see how much we say so fun we
were just saying things like Christmas
in May okay so she's not even done
ringing up yet and already our discount
is 225 and this is not going to be my
total okay this is the final price the
final total so we're about to see the
first coupon come away this will be
detecting sweet save 100 and almost $40
okay fine guys we were at like 4:30 5
we're down to 274 saving 300 $22.75 hey
guys so yesterday I said that I was
going to do a shout out for the first 5
subscribers on Mia's Neff and I didn't
get to do that because it kept taking a
while to load and so here they are the
very very first subscriber to my channel
with Haley Sims and then KC parent
Kristina Quiros Alex Turner and Macey
Stewart thank you guys or girls from
what I can see was all girls so thank
you thanks for the support and thanks
for being the very first ones to support
my channel I'm so excited I'm actually
gonna be filming another video even
being spicy right when the kids go to
bed and it's gonna be a makeup routine
Abraham's favorite song right now March
your feet
this is my haul from today you guys my
bath and Bodyworks hall for the special
thing that i'm not telling you about
because just in case someone watches it
that you know it's might be for my Hobby
Lobby hall down in there it was a
productive morning for me I was really
worried that because I was sick earlier
today that I was gonna have a very very
unproductive morning but that is not the
case and it was really good but I could
look the bath and Bodyworks stuff I got
today can I just say that I'm so proud
of my wife for her new business channel
she's just the sweetest mother and she
wants to share all her wisdom and
motherly knowledge to you guys and she's
such as for this thing I can't wait till
plane man
Annie's nest come together like a collab
it's gonna be very romantic unity and
I'm looking forward to it
you guys are lucky you get the subscribe
to its subscribers oh yeah I know cuz
it's all under one account this is over
start subscribe to me heavy yeah so I
got to get on plane man are subscribed
aeneas nest because that's like the only
channel I want to be associated with
hears about you I am silly petty
achievement using my help she just got
on and did all by herself
I did I was stressed out I was like who
I want to ask your help and stayed
independent kind of oh yeah after me
we were working and I wanted you to be
proud of me I wanted to see that your
friend approached she did all the
channel are so or not the time she got
it all herself
you got her own thumbnail of them yeah
laughs I'm not picture come from anyone
the one of you looking to the side you
look it was a selfie I took a baby
shower
I just feel so happy that I'm the man
Sehun is nest get a what-what you wonder
if someone said no to play with him
because I yeah doctor run hey you're
back you little surfer me even Sheriff
Superboy you heard me say surfer boy
thank you
yeah those your blog's yeah a room yeah
get it get the kids a little loose just
like a puppet what are you doing I'm
doing this Danny look I connected it
together and I made a little man oh wow
good job don't forget to go and check
out my makeup routine video it should be
up for you all right now and also don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
