he sees the little bugs and wants to go
right back inside it's really sad he's
going through a little phase right now
okay buddy
say
we've got to give
and this together Tiffany just woke up
and it looks like she grew a little bit
is that what it is no night games are
supposed to be wrong because night games
are supposed to be lighting dresses yeah
but it looks like your legs got longer
did you you look taller than you were
yesterday did your legs get longer did
your arms be longer - what's the last
time we measured you on the wall maybe
we should go check on the wall let's go
see if you got taller than your for this
is where you're at right now now step
away that's crazy you got taller
no you're not five you just I don't know
what's going on this is crazy what you
sleeping she's way past it
did you like drink a big cup of milk
before you went to bed yeah how did you
grow overnight like that what happened
one day I drink like five drinks of
water five cups mm-hmm yeah cups of
water I think so is that what's going on
I think so let's double check this make
sure
look at her stand up real straight put
your feet against the wall real straight
okay now step away almost two inches
look at those long legs yeah big girl
are you excited you're growing beautiful
good morning guys we just ran our Monday
errands and what do you know I left the
vlogger at home who daily vlogs it
leaves their camera at home this girl
apparently I don't think I've done that
like ever like in a very very long time
and I was already to the point in my
earrings where I couldn't just come home
and get it it's awful you and I what we
did basically we just went to the bank
we grabbed a few things from the store
that I did not get yesterday because I
was in a hurry and I didn't realize what
we needed and we went to bubble bubble
which was really fun the kids were
adorable there here's a picture I posted
to Instagram aren't they cute they were
playing Domino's and I was teaching them
how to match the dots up so like three
dots with three dots and kind of how to
play but basically just by learning the
numbers and how to count
so now kind of lunchtime but the kids
have been snacking a lot and Sandy's
coming over we're gonna play outside
maybe go for a walk and I want to show
her a sneak peek of some of the pictures
from Carrie's wedding that's such a
sucker for sitting sneak peek pictures
when my friends get married I've already
sent Carrie five pictures to preview
that are unedited and oh my gosh you
guys Sam Davis wedding what's wrong
nobody Abram it's today your birthday
yeah you're 20 months old today by
commuters believe me two years old and
four more months I could even believe it
happy birthday dear a happy little man
you're so big
see that 20 months old know that I know
you're kept sleeping 20 months old legs
show us your hands
20 month old feet and say yes 20 month
old hands to me five 20 month old ears
20 month old 20 month old belly button
show me some 20 month of time
twenty-one giggle women top
20 month old kitten 20 month old
oh you want to turn the city
all right what are some of your favorite
things nothing
Abram is obsessed you have been a bribe
for the last 30 minutes
anytime Abrams Allah's sake Sandy's
coming over I gotta go save you coming
over huh Cuffy you look like a farmer
today Kate are you sleepy oh go ahead
open it
we got some packages from you guys that
we haven't open yet we've been saving it
for a rainy day
and today is not rainy but it is a day
what do you got these are just chocolate
eggs either filled with cream loom bands
kit case Thank You Neal ring grow thank
you so much for the packages alright
this one's from Lexus mower huh busy man
what it's a little squeegee it looks
like a squeegee doesn't it a snow GME
what do they do
oh boy
it says I'm in a blue clay bear for
Abram and a yellow one for Symphony they
made you something
oh she made you that out of clay
Marrissa pretty guys makin ooh delicious
I love purple of course I would like one
or two let's make a abram sandwich
piccaboo Abram sammich
hello write a symphony sandwich okay
there we go
we'll give them bread that matches there
let's put Abram on top we'll make a big
map look at that guy's our video went
live literally less than one minute ago
and I have two subscribers to Mia's nest
let's see who they are says no
subscribers to display but I do want to
do like a shout out for my first few
subscribers I'll stay tuned come in okay
me feels like summer came early this
year everyone's having a really rough
out here he's just like so scared of
bugs he sees the little bugs and wants
to go right back inside it's really sad
he's going through a little phase right
now look he's searching him out did you
find one
it's okay buddy
oh hey it's okay buddy
hey buddy it's okay the bugs are not to
get you been getting to go in his car
and he's just like looking all over the
lawn
bow-bow this is such a new phobia okay
so he made off the stairs he keep
running out there and then he stopped
dead in his tracks he's like look well
you forgot that bugs disaster just for a
moment
come here Abram come on buddy come on
what do you wanna play it's okay
don't worry about the bugs it's just a
fly little Buell it's a beetle look it's
not gonna do anything buddy it's a
beetle Abram got ahold of the rainbow
loom that you guys sent to Symphony so
we're trying to clean them up and it's a
long process they're also eating eggs
from you guys thank you for this stuff
everybody well that's awesome I can't
believe that I already have that many
subscribers thank you guys for going
clicking on the link for any is nez and
subscribe you to my channel it really
motivates me to put out new content for
you guys and just to stay up-to-date
with my channel and really just to be
organized with it you guys know me I'm
not a super organized person I tend to
be sidetracked and just have a
scatterbrain a lot of the times I've got
a lot of things to do and I kind of work
on them here and there and so I don't
know just
you guys support means a lot it really
motivates me to keep going and to be
really on top of things with my channel
anyways guys I'm gonna say goodnight now
make sure to give us a thumbs up if you
liked today's video and we'll see you
all tomorrow don't forget guys we love
you and remember to love each other
