guys I have a little surprise for you
all it's something you've all been
wanting to see and asking me about for a
very long time I give you till his burns
my brother you are my sister made by the
same guy
by the same
Oh
in this together good morning everyone
we're headed to church no daddy today
he's just too exhausted after this
weekend he didn't sleep very much last
night and he has to go back to work
later today so we are just leaving him
home to rest and we are gonna go learn
and worship hey broom say good morning
hi hi good job baby show us your cool
rock star glasses whoa buddy we're ready
to go now sweetheart I can't really now
Oh cute many critics of the idea of God
you claim that they chew I believe if
they have this country but the reality
is the long before the expectations of
the demands of the New Atheists Jesus
had already revealed that this type of
eminences never meant to be the expected
more Thank was always hey you watch that
details in the water well it's awesome
symphony colored this picture in church
and she gave it to me just now she
wanted to tell me something well then
you tell you that little green strip
uh-huh is it part of my coloring okay I
just pretty right there see how it would
work with the yellow oh that was a good
idea kind of like how me and daddy put
paint samples on our houses to our house
is just one house so what did you learn
about today oh and I learned about that
shirt you did what did you learn about
the church
hey guy you always said Abram did you go
to church did you have a good time in
class mom dad we missed daddy when he's
not here did you watch VeggieTales and
they were in the water yeah church was
really good we heard such a good message
today you guys and I tried so hard to
film like a really like big message
because usually go into sermons with
like this one really like driving at
home sentence or phrase or whatever so I
tried to capture that and I just kept
filming and filming and family convicted
my heart unlike having a relationship
with Jesus and not spending my free time
on like things that mean nothing to me
and will never realize a relationship in
my life just little things like that
like you know if we're gonna have a
relationship with Jesus that means we
need to have like personal experiences
with happen if we're allowing it to
happen and we're not blocking it by all
the things that distract this is like so
that was my conviction from today's
message hey hey bro me want juice okay
so we are off to target we need milk
juice and coffee creamer and so we're
gonna go to target there's target not
too far from the church and so that's
where we're headed yay yay there's your
juice what do you say buddy there you go
you mean open yours symphony wanted to
kitty so bubby had to have a kitty also
hello kitty for everyone what did you
see that you wanted
mango how is it that my little 18 month
old knows how to spot mango hey guys
this is my struggle every time I go to
the grocery store which one do i can say
snickerdoodle we could try my cream is
it cold oh ok so we went with thin mints
and snickerdoodle clearly i'm going to
cookie kind of a minute today we're
leaving much happier than what we win it
everyone you see the ball yeah the
target ball alright guys this is what i
got about two new leashes and two colors
there's one of our nor the other one but
this is a new effort of mine to take
better care of my dogs because i
listened to what you guys have to say I
really really do I'm used to having dogs
out in the country where we just let it
roam free and they were just as happy as
could be there just run around wherever
they wanted it always end up back home
and it's so different having dogs in the
city it's just really different because
you gotta you know you got to go out
there and you got to take care of them a
lot more and be with them a lot more
than you do when they're in the country
daddy I'm I needed tell you something
what Kenny running Tommy rummy listen I
want to tell you something all right
scrub-a-dub gud scrub a dub dub thanks
for the grub make her something here
where your finger whoa are you a poet
you didn't know it no sorry PO do you
know what a poet is a poet is a person
who writes stories that rhyme I really
like Ronnie me you do so you're kind of
like a poet maybe one day we should
write holding together your write a poem
wish me luck me okay Pearlie
no a poem let's go a poem is a story
that rhymes so after we have to make up
our own story and then make it rhyme I
guess we do and that starts with forward
and the end we could write cool mm-hmm
in the next line we have to find a word
that rhymes with corn like horse wanna
spoon this floor storm is a new rhyme
that's not exactly sound perfect right
let's write a line thank you mommy for
the delicious corn do you make the next
line but has to run with corn and in the
corner of lower alright just sitting
here finishing my dinner everyone's
giggling in the next room my goodness
after work I go kids honey first so I
didn't get to go to church with the
family this morning I woke up with a
throbbing headache and I still have a
throbbing headache I've taken 2 etc that
usually knocks it right out and it's
been a couple hours wonder you guys send
me I'll for my migraines that I get but
the oil spilled all over inside the
package the whole thing is pretty much
ruined is all dumped out but um turned
drink water stay hydrated aren't as part
of it but fine on your foot guy did you
find something on your foot Oh a five
poor guy so scared a bug oh I try to go
outside with him in the backyard and he
saw a little bug on a slide and just
freaked out do you want to see them the
gross i found in our garden what like
this huge clump right here
all right here a giant family of mushers
look and then there's over what the so
many yeah look at all the baby ones
hiding under there oh yeah so you should
pick some of those and put them in your
green box your naturebox I mean what do
we call it wonder box winger bah I keep
forgetting what color was always taught
you don't pick mushrooms from you don't
kidding which won't your thing a sci-fi
looking at all the wrinkles on your feet
this is just foot got a flying go on
your foot Abraham get something down
there did a flight touch your foot we
see it we see but maybe he's just
discovering it are you discovering their
little wrinkles oh you want a five on
your foot that's life yeah oh yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeahs gonna go for a walk
with Annie I got a leash and collar for
her I'm gonna get any they're gonna go
on a walk with them I wish I could come
with you better to go to work we're not
gonna bring the other dog cuz I'm not
gonna be there should be too hard for
her well just take a knee come on it's
okay she doesn't like it come on Annie
come on it's okay okay oh she's a little
bit scared but I taught it to the hand
over here coin in and get up Korn any
corn come on Annie come on girl there
you go wine do you guys up come on any
ah nice job corny come on hey just keep
rowing outside
there you go just run over it when she
goes the other side oh cool all the
other daughters are jealous like the
neighbor dogs good luck hey whoa whoa
all right guys what's your advice for
this we need to get retractable color
retractor release ones that retracts you
can keep it 15 so we're up playing jump
rope which out got me oh look at her
that shy she's long bien hey come on
it's okay come on yeah there you go take
it a little bit come on in come on sure
get used to it right guys see she's
having fun for the most part whoa bye
guys I'm gonna go finish getting ready
hey guys so are you all ready for my big
surprise okay here it is I am starting
my mommy channel tomorrow when you come
back tomorrow there will be a link in
the description you'll be able to click
on it and you'll be able to see my mommy
channel I know it's been a long time
coming and I'm really excited so i'm
going to show you guys some of the
channel art now and i love it i hope you
guys are going to love it right along
with me so take a look at this you'll
see my adorable artwork and the channel
name so here we have some cute little
birdies flying into the nest
there's a wreath hanging on our
birdhouse isn't this cute if you look
closely you'll see the daddy bird is
wearing a camera the mommy bird has a
little headband in her hair kind of like
I wore for the frozen video sister bird
has a little teddy with her and the baby
bird is popping out of an egg which
represents Abraham's James chick from
the chicks life did that for us isn't it
cute he did such a good job he also has
a daily vlogging channel with his wife
and his little girl and they just seem
like a really fun loving interactive
family who like to do things together
they're really into Star Wars I have
learned that from watching their channel
and sometimes they'll be cool little
things with lightsabers like worked into
their videos and stuff so i'll have a
link in the description below for their
channel you guys should go check them
out tell them you love the channel art
ok so like i said before there are two
links below to click on one for the
chicks live daily vlogs and one for
Arnie is nest videos finally it's really
happening guys I'm so excited I'm gonna
go and work on everything now and you
guys just go check everything out and
let us know what you think of everything
give us some feedback and just
everything I want to know everything you
guys think ok so I need to take a
breather don't forget guys we love you
and remember to love each other
No
we shall just
