do you guys know where that comes from
do you know Symphony it is a dr. Seuss
science experiment like The Cat in the
Hat
give
this together hey guys we're back home
Sam is already off to his other photo
shoot
I'm reunited with my babies are you glad
we're home ah
Oh Abrams glad we're home I'm having a
hard time coming to grips with the fact
that this day is gonna just keep going
and going and going I we got home at
five o'clock in the morning and the kids
were up at eight so I got three hours of
sleep I jumped up and went to symphonies
ballet studio to get tickets for her
recital which is in less than a month is
on June 6 I'm just kind of like at the
point in my day where I'm like going
like you might going through the motions
and I'm kind of getting loopy because
I'm so incredibly sleepy they just woke
up from a really really long nap which I
did not get to enjoy and nap with them I
was making our vlog for today so I think
we're going to go outside and let the
kids play get some energy out just have
some good outdoor fun it's beautiful
outside there water in there oh it's all
dried up
Oh gone everyone's been pretty terrified
of bugs lately Abram they're just ants
it's okay bye bye ants please you just
sweep away your feet
bye-bye ants I got a new little mailman
Thank You April
how do you pump your leg Symphony in and
out in and out but you got to go slower
than that that's how you pump your legs
good job
Symphony like so much older today I
don't know what it is about leaving your
children overnight or even for just a
few hours when you come back they look
older they're acting older Abram though
we're not going any further there's a
street you're a little too close kids
are drawing and painting or coloring
while I cook dinner Abram what is this a
circle
oh it's a circle I can even so since
daddy's not here I decided to cook
something a little more fun for the kids
and we're having meatballs they love
meat meatballs is just so simple and
easy I do frozen meatballs
hey don't starve jelly and then you fill
up the empty jar with barbecue sauce and
you boil it on the stove for 30 minutes
or cook it in the crock pot easy-peasy
and then after dinner we are gonna make
something fun we are gonna make
something called Oobleck yeah and we can
even make it a different color is there
a food coloring yes we can and we can
probably make it purple we sure could
haha Avram show mommy the square good
job that's a square where's the circle
good job you're doing so good now
where's the square where's the square
good job sweet yeah alright guys so
dinner is over and we're gonna make the
black do you guys know where that
from do you know symphony it is a dr.
Seuss science experiment like The Cat in
the Hat so the recipe that I'm using is
one cup of water one and a half to two
cups of cornstarch a few drops of food
coloring of your choice you start with
the water in a bowl then you gradually
add the cornstarch to it okay
once done for you for symphony will it
be time afraid that looks like so far
see a handful of it oh cool
it smells like blue black is older
smells like what black is eager oh oh
cool let's see that whoa awesome squeeze
it in your hand not open let's see see
it made like a that's awesome get a
bunch of it and squish it like that I
want to do some it's like a liquid but
it can also be kind of like a solid in
your hand it's weird it's hard to
explain it's definitely like a liquid
state if you're pouring it see but if
you're wanting to like pick it up you
can you could totally pick it up and
make it like I can like feel it's so
weird I can like whoa
we're totally blackish it feels so weird
down in there you guys oh my gosh is so
gooey and weird and I'm like silly putty
in a way but not as putty he's way
better oh yeah it is kinda like gah goo
Abram and it hardens into this stuff
very quickly see this just like powdery
stuff and so I just keep putting it back
into the water and letting companies
start back up can you say new black can
you say you black little bit yeah we've
made a pretty good mess with it down
here lots of you black on the floor
right you a little Lube liquor let's go
take a look what's your favorite part of
Oobleck that you can squeeze it and mix
it up with your hands that is awesome
we're gonna have to do this again for
sure you ready for a bath one downside
to using the recipe with food coloring
if it falls onto your floor and you
leave it for too long it kind of stain
come on little baby Olaf come on little
princess with your mismatched PJs it
goes all up but Olaf pajama boy oh cool
black you see her bones in local my
bones
Sammy's home from his wedding now we're
trying to find something to watch
together I'm funny we'll jump on
something watch together the movie I
just popped up it's called double
wedding
what's he did this weekend I pulled the
double and it was maddening really that
wasn't that bad I thought my
creativeness would be stifled during
sweating but it really wasn't at all
once I got there's just new
possibilities and opportunities for
creative expression my feet are burning
and they continue to burn you're gonna
give me that phone massage yeah
really the venue I shot at today was a
venue that I've shot at before is about
a year and a half ago when I shot at it
and I wasn't really looking forward to
because it's not a very pretty venue it
wasn't a very pretty Vinny I didn't
realize that they were just in
construction last time I shot it so this
time the place was just beautiful I was
just like so shocked
he's got three weddings to edit I feel
like all of them went very well really
excited about all of them what do you
guys suggest on Netflix Netflix is
starting to get boring for us let's
check out Amazon Prime they realize I
had free movies with my Amazon Prime
account and I'm priming as Robocop I you
know watch it closely she's not fall
asleep my birth mom made a cameo in that
movie the old one mm-hmm oh yeah she was
in the police station
what was she she was like a prostitute I
guess you don't remember I have only
seen it once with you yeah it's so weird
they barely show her on the edge of the
screen or something here it was a
tremendous thing but coming out the
police state is a police station don't
forget guys we love you and remember to
love each other and remember to watch
Robocop
