his daddy's name was Joseph the symphony
and I we are off to Oklahoma
I think Abram has his heart set on this
all right buddy what do you think now do
you want to do a little bit of Christmas
shopping together
morning guys hey did you come in my bed
last night you haven't done that in a
long time
Abram who are you today what's your last
name
I'm pulling case you guys okay let's hit
jillyfell
guys we're getting ready to head off to
Abraham's school and check it out
I made fruit from the North Pole big
snowy fruit like very bleak help
interests us today I made North Pole
first delicious thank you
so no II never take a boy-girl no to the
class once upon a time a long long time
ago begins the story of a baby that most
of you should know his daddy's name was
Joseph
and Mary was his mom this babe was very
special
eNOS cards only son
the symphony and I we are off to
Oklahoma for the first time her and I
are gonna spend time out there we're
probably to spend four days out there
three to four days depending on the
weather it's already raining pretty bad
which is fine because I've a lot to do
inside so we just loaded the
four-wheeler simply we're gonna get to
ride that around the property really
excited about her doing that I just got
a bunch of material loaded over there
mostly I'm gonna be working on the
foundation then it's not gonna be that
much fun there's just so much work that
needs to be done down to there because
the the soil has shifted under the house
a lot of the pier almost falling over
and I'm gonna go under there and level
or everything you know make it look nice
and sturdy no I don't think so
Tiffany now we're gonna do so much fun
stop out there we got a metal detector
that was one of you guys a suggestion so
we're gonna look for treasure while
we're out there we're going to cut down
our own little tree for the trailer
we're gonna make our own ornaments to
decorate it but mommy and Abram are
gonna have a lot of fun too they went on
a little date tonight
we have so many fun things man I've got
something fun lined up every single day
for that boy hey guys crazy day full of
rain I'm now at the church and we are
gonna load up some gifts and take it to
a nursing home in seeing it's gonna use
those sweet
okay guys I've got the gifts loaded the
vlogger battery is dead so I am vlogging
on my phone so I'll try to get a few
shots on my phone of the kids singing
and passing out gifts but that might be
a little tricky cuz I'm kind of heading
in it which I'm nervous about guys this
is a real time I would say you pray for
me but you guys are watching this after
it happened so here
I think we're gonna kick it off with
jingle bells are you guys ready
well that was adorable wasn't it we are
all done we had such a good turnout and
it just was so sweet I left and got my
car and I just my eyes welled up with
tears just the way it all came together
the amount of kids that showed up the
teamwork that I had with Nicky who is a
leader of the reach kids team it was
just so sweet and so good now I am
headed out for a day with this handsome
guy what are you doing back there
he's doing his hair
what a gentleman thank you so much
little guy such a thoughtful date oh
goodness britches are you okay thank you
sweetie
oh hey you're fat does this one we're
gonna sit little go ahead and sing
playground for little chicken eaters
only so you can't go oh man are you
gonna go leave me to go play already but
I'm a bitch and what okay okay take them
up my little guy you know okay we'll
remember they're going up hey there you
are the harelip turned out really
awesome but the rain kinda got to you
he was just telling me what he likes and
doesn't like about matter what's
happening for a time how is life so far
doing straight great strength yeah who
do we get our strength through God
mm-hmm that's right buddy good job you
ready go see Burton and hold my hand oh
man you're so strong
thank you sir we would take two for
Ferdinand please we're gonna go fill it
up with icy juice in a second can I get
your candy
all right mister we're looking for
number seven do you see it anywhere you
see 135 over there so that means it must
be this way I see seven you do okay deal
me and daddy watch previews if we like
it we'll do thumbs up if we don't like
it we do thumbs down can you do that
with me when we see one we like we'll
say thumbs up the see one we don't like
we'll do thumbs down no no no hey hey
okay buddy who's ever thumbs up or do I
say thumbs up what do you say
yeah it's over now I didn't you thought
the booby was really funny yeah do you
remember what the lesson was about in
the movie what were this little movie
teaching us hey no fighting and be nice
and show love how do you show love I
love you buddy that was such a good
movie you guys were such a good moral to
it about showing love to people not
showing hate being kind instead of being
mean with me through pretty much the
entire movie we sat in my lap snuggled
of a shared popcorn it was the best ever
thank you for being such a great date
Avram alright buddy what do you think
now do you want to do a little bit of
Christmas shopping or are you ready to
go back home that way means Christmas
shopping okay let's go Christmas
shopping in I'm mommy with you go ballet
because your dad's gonna smack old faces
in the wall come on little guy we are
ending our date at the outlet mall to
get some Christmas gifts for a few
people symphony and daddy have done
Christmas shopping out the wazoo
hey Dad a broom and I I mean I've done a
lot of Christmas shopping too but I
haven't taken abram Christmas I think it
his family anything they've any like the
men's stuff is on this side of the store
yeah you want to go to look around and
see if you see something for daddy over
here
Avram all right Sam you cannot watch any
more of the vlog for the next two
minutes okay so turn it off babe
Oh golden Wow let me see how they man
this is what you look like is that what
daddy would look like in them
good choice buddy
here will a decent football
daddy can wear those when he plays
football nice observation buddy
I'm gonna let you pay since you're
picking this out for daddy thank you
okay your turn if you're watching you
got to turn this off for like the next
like minute or two Kay no peeking where
are we for symphonies Justin
oh me oh my Symphony would love
everything in here you think she'd wind
that big thing ya think Abram has his
heart set on this for Symphony
are you sure buddy for Symphony yeah you
think she would like that the most of
all the stuff in here you really think
she should have that do you like some of
this stuff better yeah or are they tiny
erasers unicorn mini pot of erasers
Abram look at this does it turn on it
does try turning it on no it's a pretty
light for her room that's the best
presentation
oh yeah you have a purple base now yes
animal like Isis did you get it again
there's an egg in there would you get
buddy nice a little pink monkey with
silver wings how cute hey buddy who's
next on our list
okay this side is for the men over here
the Hat one for Papa get from the
Thursday yeah do you want to smell any
others to see which one we like the most
mmm that does smell good not quite
Popoff style though see any boxes you
like oh he likes the colourful ones okay
can I smell it really that one does
smell good I think Papa would like this
one Abram I have to teach you a lesson
about going on a date are you ready to
hear if you ever ask a girl on a date do
you know what you do when you get to the
car to be polite what do you do you open
her door so let's walk to mommy side and
you can open up my door oh wow thank you
sir
hey guys we're home from our day did you
have a good time yes me too
what was your favorite part of the day
was it dinner the movie or shopping
movies the movies what was your favorite
part about the movie and the bird turned
ain't it nice yeah that was asleep
anyways guys we're gonna end the vlog
here Abram do you want to ask our
viewers a question for question of the
day Kristina today is it's your favorite
movie all right what you guys it's
favorite movie let us know in the
comments below we will see you tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
red bay
Juliet I know vacuum again you little
message but I'm under Christmas lights
together
