Sam made a confession yesterday
in this together good morning guys
how you doing we're doing good this is
Louisiana Louisiana looks a lot like
Texas so this is the final outfit I went
with I decided not to get the express
pants but I went with the Express shirt
this is a chambray styled button-up I
think I want to get a bow tie to go with
it or skinny tie Levi's belt these are
the modern khaki daugher pants slim
tapered fit and then I got darker
genuine leather tan burnished Dockers
here extremely comfortable the dye
triste approved and all this is going to
go perfectly with the new item that Nia
got me for my weddings I'm really
excited about it this is my new look
right now for weddings I used to do all
black I decided to add a little bit of
color in it and of an indie style I
guess it's more tuned with the way I
shoot wouldn't go eat because we missed
or continental breakfast we did we
didn't want to wake up early it's so
cool guys it's starting to fade and I
can actually see my peak of boobs I
don't know what you guys can see in here
but it's like today is my favorite day
of the new hair looks good
thank you Sam meeting in session
yesterday you're not his confession was
my confession is I liked her natural
hair color better than this Eric I love
it
like this I didn't say I don't monthly I
just said I always loved natural more
than unnatural it's just dry
see they're gonna be really good and not
really
it's like tomato sauce really it's
always fun to try out new Mexican
restaurants like in different states and
council
you know obviously the southern states
are known for having the best Mexican
we both got our own personalized pitcher
of water we haven't even made it to the
wedding yet and Sam's cleaning hot sauce
on his new shirt you got it on your
pants too oh man what a bummer I
suggested that we go out and eat
breakfast then go back to the hotel and
get ready and you don't want to do that
this is why I suggested that a lot of an
oddity not that you don't know how it's
just easy to drop stuff on yourself when
you're in a hurry you know taking
pictures morning the bridesmaids no
first carry the bride and you look
beautiful
you should put Carrie in the bathroom
and get pictures of her you're getting
better though oh yeah and on this you
should stretch very out on that
seriously so embarrassing and then we'll
walk down this deal
I've done all this stuff so cute I'm
like oh your sister painted that that is
gorgeous little you know warm wishes are
advice on your little card how did she
do this it's like all splattered and
it's like sheep like I don't know how
she painted it that is so good I love it
guys look at this sharp man this is the
present from there genuine leather dual
camera strap it's so good messages shoes
really nicely
it doesn't this is super nice I love it
I have these extra straps here if I want
to hold another camera like the vlogger
you can buy an additional strap
perfect wedding weather yeah rain on
your wedding day is considered good luck
and it rained all day long on our
wedding day
but it didn't rain I stopped doing
ceremony things perfect as soon as we
did our last kiss that started rain
mm-hmm yeah starting to rain I'm on a
coffee run you guys here at the gas
station right down the road from where
the wedding of hoping to find I'm sorry
about somewhere but there's not one so
we're gonna get the coffee from in here
Sam actually requested this coffee the
Starbucks in a bottle so that's what
he's gonna get I guess I'll get me that
too
our coffee fix on mocha coconut for me
regular coffee just for saying onions
hot coffee we are good to go so now
we're at this hotel and it's pouring
down rain Sam is in there taking photos
of all the guys all right how was it can
we see you a couple sneak peeks real
quick the groom and dad oh wow look at
that that's a really good shot dogs in
the hands girl
awesome so that's down her shirt yes is
the lobby this has been really nice
having you with me she'll forgive me
around pick me up at different spots and
take me ready to go
being a wedding photographer you got to
be really good at time management most
the time people aren't keeping track of
the time so you have to keep track time
make sure you got all the guys get it
ready get the formal formal composing of
the guys and then you got to make sure
you're out there in time to go get the
girls getting funding and the rain keeps
like coming and going looks like we get
the matron of honor onto our wedding
this is not my face we were hoping the
realm of you go on at this point maybe
you don't get all out of his system for
the next 30 minutes ceremony time you
moved it inside isn't rain such a bummer
so sunny out here but it's still raining
have yet to find Courtney that means a
lots gonna be tricky what's it gonna be
bright outside and really dark inside
I'm wondering about tomorrow because I
want to get a third my firt efforts
right before tomorrow you can adopt a
little really
so that's the groom and the mom cool
centerpieces
Oh
Eric it's awesome man
Oh
Oh
all right everybody let's hear no more
time I think the answer is Gary you
raise her to you Gary if you think the
answer is the ears you and here's you
and John and your race issue here we go
first one who said winter is coming
well that's a wrap guys I'm gonna give a
review on my strap using for the first
time this little nylon strap is
connected to the main strap and you
connect it to this little mount here
with this keyring and the problem is
with that it does keep you if this does
come unscrewed on the bottom which tends
to happen with these doesn't that you
can do about it so the foot is safety
net there but while you're shooting with
this camera over here this spins and it
winds up like this this little loop
right here tends to get stuck on my
clothes so I think I may wear a tighter
shirt from the next ready but other than
that it was awesome just like some
weddings just everything we've been
driving for about three hours right we
got tails left he's going to do the
remaining two hours so you get some
sleep because I have a shooting today oh
yeah we forgot we're going to tell you
what we got coming up this summer we
decided this year we are going to
participate in a vlogger fair so if you
guys go to those things we'll be there
and we'll be happy to meet up with you
anyway guys we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget I remember each other
