somebody into the door really is so
creepy
to give
in this together good morning everyone
how are y'all doing today we've already
been up and at it for a little bit this
morning I'm still kind of slowly waking
up so I came across something on
Facebook this morning and it just kind
of made me feel led to say this to you
guys a couple of girls I went to high
school with their mom is fighting a
losing battle with cancer right now and
I have just not been able to stop
thinking about it I was not close to
these girls growing up but I knew them
you know we would say hi to each other
if we saw each other out in a bow or in
school and you know it just breaks my
heart like I can't get over the fact
that there are people near us far from
us whatever that are actually enduring
like such heartbreaking scary times and
you know sometimes I feel like we're
over here we get irritated about little
things or you know we think like a hard
day is so ruined because of this or that
just such tiny insignificant little
details of our day can make us cranky or
you know we can just fall in these ruts
where we feel sorry for ourselves and
the reality is that there are people out
there that are suffering from such big
things and you know these girls they're
my age and a little bit younger and you
know they're they're losing their mom
you know even like me this morning I've
been kind of cranky walking around the
house after I cooked breakfast and
everything everyone's filled this water
with paint in it everywhere and I just
kind of let my morning get away from me
because it made me so irritated and so I
asked him to play with him outside so I
could go sit down for a minute and just
have some alone time and I just started
that's when I kind of came across this
and I just started thinking like Who am
I going to let that frustrate me like
I'm so grateful that I can clean up that
mess
anyways have a good day Sam went and did
something I'm not sure what but he made
it to where he could get the wood over
here that is a really beautiful piece of
wood run Forrest run
go get dressed baby well I got the tree
trunk over here guys
both sides that was quite a task look at
this thing it's massive goes one side
and there's the other one right over
there later it's beautiful
I can of the growth rings on it it's
over 50 years old which is really
exciting over here getting a hold of a
tree that big in the city limits very
unlikely to happen so I'm really excited
about I'm gonna I think I'm gonna make
like a coffee table out of it both sides
at the top of it where the bottom
touches the ground so this is the bottom
of the tree right here all this side I
think about making a plank out of this
and that other one and putting them
together somehow and I'm creating a
coffee table or I thought about cutting
it this way sagittal section and then a
cross section right here and then I have
just corner pieces and create like a
corner shelf I don't know yeah I got
some ideas just running through my head
but those are some beautiful beautiful
logs I'm really excited about it but I
was that tractor supply getting a dog
aback food and they had a little dolly
on sale those were ten bucks for that
dolly and a little dolly I can't to
little dollars that came together so
yeah how'd it get ready for the shoot
now whatever I'm gonna do with those
pieces I'm gonna be posting on my
channel my plank man channel that's
gonna be a project I'm gonna do on there
ooh buddy you poopy
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh yeah it was a penis
yeah he screams for it in the middle of
the night sometimes he turns it off he
doesn't how to turn it back on there you
go
oh wow he's a sneaker but no show Andrew
your book short everything off to Andrew
GG mm-hmm
buddy yeah get out buddy
okay no we'll be out here okay
I'm kind of sad about leaving my babies
cleaning her gonna have the chance
chapstick those were his feet right
there just a little chunkies right there
hey what wait for my mom to get here so
my mom's gonna coming and watching the
kids for the next day just one day she
here
mmm there she is
there's like a little girl
we've got a man bunion your hair so
maybe your hair turn to surface it would
be a girl Lindy yeah yeah Avery can you
come give daddy a hug bye bye I want a
hug just a kiss
that was a cute kiss though
hey Bert boy you're gonna stay with Nana
ya bananas his daddy's Nana will get you
a banana okay by second and we love you
I'm so sad to leave the babies behind I
didn't think I would feel this sad I had
one of those morning's where I was just
like you know pulling my hair out kind
of and I thought oh yeah we get to have
a little night away and no I feel so sad
to be away from them and we're not even
really out of the neighborhood unit but
this is a good test for something bigger
that's coming up in the future that we
have not told you guys yet about and
it's gonna be for a little bit longer
too so this is a good test to see how
they do a CNN to see how they do without
mommy those sleep schedules and all that
how do you feel about it Sam
can't help but be nervous my mom's is
not that careful I don't know he's
getting mom you're just fine you do just
fine it's so funny we just got out of
the car on the inside so throw two seats
look like we've been traveling for like
three days straight just snacks and
trash it's just scattered everywhere but
we're at the holdup mall we're gonna go
shopping for a new office my photography
attire I'm wanting to do go for a
different look now my six-pack yeah
we're having a hard time finding Sam
sizes and everything he likes here
this is mr. Shaw we're ready oh my god
yeah Oh much better
oh but what I don't really like
that shirt too much mmm I like that
shirt looks really good one of our some
color means to wearing all black yeah
like that sure no it looks really good
on you
ooh I like that yeah yes I want you to I
really want you to try on that blue
shirt the dark blue shirt it's the same
price and know you don't like nerdy at
all
how's my mannequin Thanks
not really
well you want to really like it I
wouldn't get it if you just feel alright
in it
well one last thing yourself and see if
I like it
we've moved on to shoes guys I realize
now why I do say I'm shopping I
literally do all of his shopping I was
like honey we don't have a curfew we
have no kids with us to put to bed we
don't even to eat right now if we don't
want to like hotel so the game is over I
know me too
it's already like past eight o'clock
that's a bit of a bummer but it's a
great we're still I think we're still
like two and a half hours away from our
hotel food so we just got here for the
proto-tool room and we can't get into
our room we do this wrong three twelve
twelve right those mats right kept
trying to put in an outdoor something's
like a room with somebody already owe
you money that was creepy like we walked
away from the door and I saw it like
still going wasn't quite what yeah like
did it unlocks enemy admin occurred a
man's voice we have 20 minutes
is so creepy okay we're gonna try again
here we go here hey nobody's in here
alright there's our big bed dang it my
hair is doing a funny thing alright guys
well it is what time is it
10:53 p.m. and we are gonna head to the
pool we just got in and settled Sam's
getting ready and we had some other
stuff planned to talk about and to do
today so come back tomorrow we really
really really will announce the exciting
things coming up this summer and we're
gonna be doing something else fun
tomorrow besides going to a really fun
wedding full of all of our friends but
anyway so come back tomorrow here we
have to say and hope you've all had an
awesome day don't forget guys we love
you and remember to love each other and
since Symphony is not here to do her
little part I'll add and don't forget to
go swimming
