Chuck yeah Jeff oh my gosh you are my
sister made by the same guy love butter
failure
we've got
give love
Morrell won't
and this together even what are you
eating I was gonna take sandy his in bed
good morning fun desert this you deserve
this
man there were no shut it a room is
totally in the stage where he wants to
take everything I have my snacks my
drinks whatever I got he wants it but
it's kind of cute I try to like teach
them they'll like this is mommy's drink
you have your drink and then if you
really wants that I'll just I'll sit on
his level and say can you say mommy
please and you'll see please but right
now he's really just taking off with it
thank you let's go bye-bye
anyways we're going to the post office
now I have a few Reed's to mail out and
then today is also my supply day so I've
been while Avery was playing up in like
taking care of like sorting through
emails and orders and turns out like
what I need to get today me what are you
doing to me hmm what are you doing
that's mommy's let me have that let's go
buddy you ready say I'm ready good
morning guys haven't even said good
morning to you all yet it's just been
one of those mornings so today I got my
hair done on Saturday the day before
Mother's Day and today was the first
time for me to wash it it held up really
good um you know the last like three
days I I feel like my hair fades really
quickly when I get my hair dyed so I
always wait as long as I possibly can it
still looks pretty good it was so funny
though when I washed it
there was like peat water because I have
red in it and then when I took my towel
out of my hair to blow dry it the towel
was all like pinkish purple II it was so
funny I was like jeez that everyone so
much pinkish reddish in my hair I know
there's red but anyway I'm gonna style
it later but I never hair tip from Nia
no idea one time I would
hair really but I know that it's best if
you are going to flat iron or curl your
hair to wait a few hours after you
blow-dry it so doesn't get so much heat
damaged and it holds whatever you're
trying to do your curl your straightener
or whatever it holds the style better
running errands that this little guy has
been so much fun this morning it means
it's a good little boy Wow Wow well yeah
of course everyone's making a fuss about
this handsome guy can you say hi say hi
to all the ladies okay
did you flirt oh god we got it the
registration Sam he's gonna be so proud
of me I didn't tell him I was going to
do this I was also going to go and clean
the car out like totally and completely
but it's pretty much like nap and
lunchtime and it's raining I really want
to be like you know
see you later cop grabber swear this
thing's like a cop magnet pretty radical
sticker you can have the sticker what
the heck it seems pretty easy actually
I'm just gonna do it who cares I'm like
my dad always did it Sam does it it's
just a sticker I'm a capable woman there
we go now we are good to go on our trip
this weekend I'm so excited with it
tomorrow afternoon this will be our
first time to have like a night away
from both kids I think since Abram was
very very small we had an overnight
wedding when he was like a month old and
so it was only one night though and so
my mom came over and had him for a
little while but your hair looks I know
it's like a oh sweet girl you're cool
Thank You Allison of course you can tell
me something man it has um a little
mermaid that we can bring to a swimming
pool
oh wow that's awesome that sounds like a
lot of fun is it a Barbie that's also
why are you making about-face cutie nice
if I dropped it I hope it doesn't get
ruined
if it's a Barbie it won't get ruined
that'll take so Harvey oh man it feels
so complete having symphony back in the
car I love it I missed you baby hi guys
how's everybody doing again bro you're
hanging out in the rain just barely
sprinkling but Abram loves it when it's
rained outside cuz there's puddles
everyone's go cross the street buddy
won't show you something come here so it
looks like I picked rain season to start
painting the house this is just horrible
I mean it's just been just pouring down
rain
good buddy come in he's nervous about it
come on just don't fall by you'll be
washed away big splashes back like this
massive tree these are pieces I like I
stay over here buddy are you gonna go
back look everyone here's water right
here
Abram here's water right here my
favorite piece out of all these is this
one over here this one look at that it's
beautiful
put that right against the wall and have
like a little corner table or something
just don't know how I'm going to get it
over there I don't want the whole piece
just like the top of it so just cut a
layer off of it that's half of a tree
trunk right there isn't it beautiful see
all the Rings
those rings represent one year of living
so each ring is one year it's been
growing you have to count them
see how many years has been growing Hey
Abram left us thank you
I want that piece I really want it I
don't have a dollar to load that piece I
think I'm gonna go to Blaine's house and
ask him combos Dolby do you guys
remember that video Sidney and I did a
long time ago
of us making that up paper about how to
make a paper boat there's a change or we
made on yellow paper I'll put a link to
it on Scripture yes we check out a
really fun rock sure free growing buddy
study here now sit down
free entertainment right here oh my gosh
yeah all right a car just drove by and I
carried the kids out of the way and
simply created a new word to describe
that what is it
so what's the definition you're safe
every three shoot everyone there goes
the shoe her shoe watch this issue here
comes Abram cooking dinner in there and
I come out everyone's soaking wet Sam's
gonna go hijack some wood this is
hilarious to me I just like something
I've not do it only Sam did it but
anyway there you go Sam he's gonna blame
found one shoe where's your other one Oh
home I'll treat you like I used to but
that's fine we wanted to learn but yeah
okay anyways that lowly old fluid
totally away maybe he decided not to get
any what happened
it is go get Andrew it's gonna cold
buddy do you want to eat didn't I Oh
daddy you're such a sucker oh my gosh oh
man what a cute daddy that is I would
have I would have taken him in the
puddle to begin with but alright guys
I'll show you what it looks like in my
camera case before this is my pillock
encase the
15:10 case and I've been using this foam
to organize my equipment like I had one
camera here another camera here a couple
ends is up here and so now I got the
padded dividers that I'm going to be
using I only just want to show you what
its gonna look like afterwards so that's
before all right you guys already see
the after here she is looks awesome that
looks like a professional case right
there doesn't it look like trash before
I got my 16 to 35 my 24 to 70 my 50
millimeter my 600 ax my 580 X my 3 one
of these to go these are called 430ex
twos
then my mark 3 my mark 2 in my 70 to 200
and then my macro 500 d you can't get in
there no cuz there's extra space right
there I need a field didn't you don't
like that s-curve
I don't mind asked curbs doctor prefer
them
I'm not pad at the back of these they
weren't padded before so I didn't have
like my my hard stuff up here hitting
the top of my equipment my triggers up
here already for two weddings this
weekend really excited about it I'll
show you guys what Nia got me something
I've been wanting for a very very long
time she got it for me for Father's Day
I did I didn't even know it you picked
it up not it in here well whatever you
suggested it I didn't know I said that's
what I wanted to do nicely
but I went ahead and got it because I
have two weddings and it is a piece of
equipment that has been long overdue
I mean I have needed it for a long time
and it's pretty awesome I can't wait to
show oh I was gonna get him an Apple
watch I guess he didn't want that you
know great my wife is guys that right
there is just a sign of how just
incredibly awesome my wife is alright
guys well don't forget we love love you
and remember to love each other
