so somebody has ballet today and she is
outgrowing all of her ballet clothes her
shoes everything and I'm here at kid to
kid in Rocklin we're gonna see if we can
find some stuff I called earlier and I
think they've got a pretty a ghetto case
selection it's like I want a ton of
stuff just like one or two little things
my sister made by the same guy nobody
say
got to live
we've got to give love
well
and this together daddy he just got home
and he's giving Abram little treats that
Mommy doesn't give him I just got a
symphony that's all these two were happy
to be reunited this morning it was very
sad ah picture of him the mall pose on
posters and you look so much like that's
in a picture of him worried look that
much oh that's so cute I say oh my gosh
is my son just like me it's a mini-me
oh it is a mini year in very many ways
but maybe want to understand him better
why I wouldn't even know what you meant
by that it looks like it was like you
know we're gonna have same struggles
that I have but if he did it but if he
didn't look like you I mean I'm sure
once he gets older you think about it
but when you were saying in your texting
about I wonder if you saw something in
his eyes that like you related to I kept
covering up this part I was just like
they look like me we can hallo guys we
have a small issue I can't do my
signature braid anymore with my hair the
top layer is just too short it's gonna
have to grow out it just keeps falling
like even when I put bobby pins in is
still just like little pieces keep
falling out so yes I'm going to be doing
away with the braids for the next few
weeks until it grows out just a little
bit more so the braid was kind of like
my go-to hairstyle when I don't get to
wash my hair especially when Sam works
nights I don't always have the time to
wash blow-dry sound my hair what are you
doing did you go poo poo
so anyways me and the kids are gonna go
do discipleship with Esther and her kids
today at a park we have not met with the
kids in like two months I think it's
been a long time last time we met we met
at a coffee shop and that's always
really fun but our kids just play so
good together sorry I'm really still
just trying to wake up oh did you see a
bag where is it oh okay mommy will get
the bug watch baba bug yeah come here
baby
okay guys I guess this is gonna be my
alternative to the braid it's
a little more effort and I feel like my
dry shampoo totally like messed with the
color right here but I'm just tired of
rubbing it in you guys are so sweet
thank you for all the sweet comments
about my hair I don't know if one of you
said you didn't like it so I really
appreciate it we feel kind of like I
missed the blond streets that are in my
hair because it gave my layers some
definition I have really fine flat hair
and when you have like a light color
peeking through a dark color it kind of
gives you volume that's why I did my
hair like that for so long so anyways
off to the park um I don't like to vlog
at my discipleship meetings because we
just are talking about deep stuff where
we're in you know kind of a heavy
conversation and also watching our
children and there's just kind of not
room for the camera if my attention gets
diverted to anything it needs to be my
kids and so that's why I really don't
ever blog everybody you guys want to see
what the kids look like first Abram hey
sporty boy I've been like trying really
hard to maintain his hair and look at
these beautiful curls Symphony dressed
herself this morning turnaround that
shown your hair she asked me to
straighten her hair because it's getting
longer so we're just trying to see how
long it gets there it is sporting some
coral jeggings with her lace and gray
polka dot shirt pearls in the hair
discipleship went great we had a very
good conversation we shared some prayer
requests with one another and you know
kind of gave advice and talked about
some Scripture we're going to be reading
this next week and I'm excited so I was
thought I would share with you guys a
scripture we're going to be reading so
maybe you might want to read it along
with me and I would tell you how we're
doing it so we're going to be reading
the book of Colossians and as we read it
we highlight the verses that stand out
to us or that speak to us or that have
anything to do with like what's going on
in our life right now and then we share
them with each other and usually we
highlight different things and for
different reasons and sometimes we'll
highlight the same thing for two
different reasons like the Lord spoke to
us in two totally different ways with
one Scripture we had to get to stop
before I could finish my thought but
yeah if you guys want to read along with
me while we do that it can be kind of
like our own little and YouTube Bible
study or something
so somebody has ballet today and she is
outgrowing all of her ballet clothes her
shoes everything and I'm here at kid to
kid in Rocklin we're gonna see if we can
find some stuff I called earlier and I
think they've got a pretty again okay
selection it's like I want a ton of
stuff just like one or two little things
so Symphony's got her first leotard on
she says she likes it it feels good
let's see
some sparkles it's shiny on the skirt
it's got like little hearts and jewels
up here what do you think Symphony
what do you think of this one is it turn
around on the sink yeah it does feel a
little bit tight let's see the front of
it it's got pretty jewels right there
okay so these first two are the winners
they're the best price and they fit her
the best she thinks they're the
prettiest so we're going to go with it
so that was a great deal I'm really glad
I came to kid to kid some people on
Facebook suggested it to me I got two
leotards with shiny little decorative
things on them for $12 woah this is how
we do with the bottom bottom
hahaha this is how we do it I'm Fernanda
oh this is how we do it Kenny this we
grew up in the 90s some of these songs
just kind of stick and they tend to roll
into my parenting skills occasionally
when I'm teaching something I'll just
bust out with
what's up peeps hey you guys don't get
ready to go to work again work yeah what
work a neighbor's pooping at the table
everybody always take the opportunity at
dinner to go poopoo
can you say I love you yeah everyone's
been saying I love you very well they
they yeah
what man man did you guys hear him say
say I love you Lin yeah it's a camera
Kim say I love you I know you sure are
you ready to go for a walk yeah now
you're ready all right say what ah all
right so it's time for my daily walk
without symphony I'm not running today
I'm just not feeling it I feel kind of
crummy today but I still want to
exercise playlist is unspoken this is my
favorite album right now it's a
Christian album and I think it's pretty
old it's like 2013-14 I don't know but
anyways it's really good you guys should
check it out it's pretty motivational
motivational it's pretty motivational
while you're running see the trees bubby
can you say tree say tree tree good job
those are the trees up there
I'm gonna get you yeah here comes my
hand it's gonna get you gonna get I
didn't have not too much Pete hey you
shown him all the paint so I told you
guys a couple of weeks ago that I have
been working on counting to two with
Abram well this week I started
practicing one two three with him and he
did it today loud and clear for Esther
at discipleship he said huh two feet
just like that ah but now he see you
down - can you say 1 2 3 up
oh I give up you don't want to do it do
you want to go take a bubble bath
hey oh let's go I'll goblin come here
buddy
we're gonna play dogs it's time to learn
I'm gonna try to teach him s for sissy
say s hey say s a spur sissy sissy good
job can you find the S which one's s ah
can you pick up the S good job baby this
one's the s s hi no this one's s you
have in can you trade me I want you to
have s say s say s sissy yeah yeah s
sissy
I don't know Sam has already told you
guys this before but teaching a child
around Abraham's age something right
before bed like a nap or bed time is
really like beneficial to their brains
because they go to bed and then they
think about it that's the last thing
they think about where they go to sleep
and from what I understand they think
about it like oh while they're sleeping
and stuff like that - so I'm not sure I
don't how many of the statistics in
front of me Sam and I did research at
one time to figure out you know like how
helpful it was and it's proven to be
really helpful that if you teach them
something right before bed there they're
more likely to remember it than if you
just teach it to matter right on time of
the day anyways guys I'm going to say
goodnight to all so that I can
get my job done when everyone goes to
bed Abram can you tell everybody good
night uh none I tell everyone say don't
forget they don't forget block you don't
cute live that the black the black you
hear basketball in there all right well
since everyone's not gonna say it I
guess I'll say good night make sure you
give us a thumbs up if you liked our
video and come back tomorrow to see what
kind of fun stuff the Raiders have in
store and don't forget guys we love you
and remember to love each other
but they missed
we shall just
