guess I am ready for baby number three
yeah guess we could do this Symphony you
can't hold him while I cook and oh my
gosh Abram his little lips are trying so
hard
we've got to give
and this together hey buddy
maybe morning morning everyone me and
saying you're gonna go for our walk
together and just hang out i bribe
company to clean her room with the fact
that couples coming over throw that
worked out really well for this morning
hey does oh I don't know let me see what
flavor is it
I remember the Harry Potter ones being
disgusting oh you can have it I don't
know okay I want to be in your position
right now
sandy has to write a speech for her
sister's wedding curator and I'm not a
good speaker so all together that's
really really bad for me and I'm gonna
record it no always getting sidetracked
me and Sandy are trying to legit work
out and the kids keep stopping what
y'all find oh yeah guys now I'm getting
my workout in pushing this it's like
really putting it back into it
so I was mapping my walk and I thought
by this point of my walk I had already
done like a little over a mile turns out
I'm just now getting to like almost a
mile here I have to reroute my daily
workout because I thought I was doing
two miles and I hadn't been doing quite
two miles and I want to be so we got to
make a new route okay
like a symphony with the baby Oh
Abram to my kids just love Kade hearkens
question guess I am ready for baby
number three yeah guess we could do this
symphony you can't hold him while I cook
and oh my gosh Abram his little lips are
trying so hard to get to him yeah like
I'm gonna get to you eventually
Symphony's don't don't be gentle me
doobie oh you can do it buddy put one
more block up there put another block up
there did you make this look whatever
made look over this will fall
you guys have got to see this cutest
thing a verb came in here did while I'm
cooking dinner Abraham's show him your
tongue show everybody your tongue put it
back in your mouth let's see it to have
this dangling out of his mouth like a
little puppy dog what you God do it do
you like it this tongue oh my god Annie
Annie Hey look at all these clothes on
you made right outside our door
unbelievable she just made this one
yesterday it's a brand new hole every
time I come out here there's new holes
in the yard
huge huge outside of having this dog Oh
what you know your car Annie this one oh
yeah
Oreos getting lot more friendlier she's
even jumping on us now they get all
these holes they've been exposed a pipe
or any holes all right
well buddy Annie the Weber Malone
any guys I'm not gonna lie I got whoa
smokes
each tree just fell he's cutting down
some trees get somebody lost a limb last
night in the storm
Annie yeah see it over there doing what
Annie do yo yo yo handy and he kept the
slide but she's real it all went down
the slide
come on hey broom go down gonna drive
the ship we think we like this color but
we don't like the set and finish on it
we really think what we're not liking
about it is the reflectiveness of it so
I think we need to go back take back the
satin finish and get a flat finish
because if you notice most houses do
flat on the exterior but they suggested
that we get satin for outdoors but I
think they were wrong so they need to
replace the paint because it just does
not look good
hey stop it
ah man they got mad at each other
Oreos fighting back you guys okay
they both get really protective when we
come outside they usually get along
really well then they lay together sleep
on each other
they've been both sleeping in the
doghouse together wow that was a big
fight you guys okay you guys need a
makeup you okay or you go makeup Annie
but anyway yeah we're gonna get a couple
shades lighter of the blue and a flat
finish that's our plan so far that's
what happens when we leave these outside
it's not that bad
hi
bye I do be puckers his lips out so
perfectly huh Abram give daddy another
kiss hey not your teeth one two three Oh
face jumps
hahaha my Tokyo Symphony's dress today
you guys she put on this long skirt she
pulled out of her closet she goes she
said ooh I'm gonna be a mommy isn't that
so cute she associated like a longer
skirt with being a mommy
well under doggie
all right guys gonna work now missed you
we'll see you tomorrow I've been taking
a break off coffee because my face has
been breaking out so bad I thought maybe
just maybe it's related to all the
coffee I drink I drink a couple cups of
coffee a day not too much got even drink
any coffee last night at work but I
didn't do it and my face isn't getting
any better
was just frustrating so I think I'm
gonna go ahead and indulge in coffee
tonight whatever get high twice in one
week we got graduation invites from the
same family two sisters that Sam
photograph it's really cute
man I got a big weekend coming up Friday
and Saturday have a wedding shoot Friday
we're going to Louisiana to do wedding
shoot the kids were staying with Nana
and he is gonna come help me shoot it
and then right after that wedding I got
to drive back home five hours back home
to shoot another wedding the next day
it's exciting but a lot of driving I'm
really excited actually the first one
you were doing is Sandy's little sisters
oh yeah see sandy had to do a Walmart
carpool
okay we're going our separate ways I've
got a broom juniors taken Symphony I
cannot show up at someone I told I like
if you're going with me you'll have to
go your way me go my way I cannot handle
someone tagging along with you want a
shop it's just like ah like I don't know
I can't I've got two kids to keep up
with us if I just like have a long list
and I don't have to keep up with
somebody else first thing on the list is
blueberries oh my god there's you Oh
where's the blueberries Avram
where are they can you help me find them
right here ah say blueberry can you say
it so weird I can hear Symphony I'm
talking like two idols over
it's so weird hearing my child over
there like what does she just mean he's
so noisy dude she doesn't sound like
she's being wild
Oh Abram hey so since sissy what would
you do you get to pick the yogurt which
Gago do you want do you want bunny
turtle Star Wars kitty turtle is this
someone you want do you want the one
with turtle you want the one with
turtles
is that when you want or do you want
this one with the bananas you want this
one is this the one you want Abram with
the strawberries in the banana
okay well that's interesting you guys I
got this for Sam and I said this is for
daddy cuz Abram was saying cheese cheese
and look what he did these are for daddy
surprise for daddy
surprise for daddy crackers mmm mr. ho
still II get it check out those it was
so cute the way you kept saying surprise
dad dad oh my gosh I had to pull out the
vlogger this is my situation right now
Oh step down Oh daddy surprise oh no oh
no can I have it thank you
surprise
I'm trying to sneakily record their car
they're like dynamite Cowboys fans about
to drive passes and I had like an insane
amount of like chip
actually we're donating some stuff to
ding to church and van
so much nicer than a party on it all for
them we got a few more stuff
alright Symphony are you ready for
something fun bye bye we have a
Christmas baby big sister got to pick
out his pajamas where's Mickey what do
you want it give us a thumbs up if you
like our video
crazy girl any other bla well don't
forget guys we love you and remember we
love each other yeah don't forget we
love you remember to love each other and
don't forget they love you remember to
go to work
