I'm ready to see your hair honey here
she comes
get ready my brother you are my sister
made by the same guy nobody say
today's mum
in this together here she comes
get ready
you guys like it this is how I used to
wear my hair often dating in college I
love it what colors are they though
yeah brownish red on top and then where
I used to have blonde right here there's
like a brighter red it's just not
showing up right now she said the first
time I washed it so you can see it it's
like a violet red
oh that's just underneath okay yeah and
then there's like a brown red right at
the top okay looks reddish on top it
looks good I like it go ahead
I won't see the back
I didn't have listing happy mother's day
guys today really is Mother's Day so we
celebrated Mother's Day yesterday
because I have to go to work tonight and
well I guess we're going to spend time
with our moms today I whoops a
transistor we're enhancing birth we just
got back home from church it's been
raining and Abram is having a blast an
ant got inside of his sandal and church
and he was trying to tell the teacher
whoa he's trying to tell the teacher
that there's something is in his shoe
when I finally took her off I found a
big Antonis shoe and look he got little
bites on man
that's why he's keep saying shoo his
feet probably hitched pretty Sparling
about the pictures Sam take some cute
pictures of you the kids just now you're
cute I want to thank all the mothers out
there for being so patient with all of
us crazy kids
you guys are so just so strong and
perseverant it's just incredible health
strong women and strong mothers are I
think we can learn a lot by one of
Jesus's last wishes on the cross he told
John that he wanted him to become the
son of Mary and he said Mary here's her
son and he said John here's your mother
he gave away John to his mother pretty
much saying you know John take after my
mother that's how important mothers are
that was one of Jesus's last wishes that
John take care of Jesus I mean Mary and
I just think that's incredible such a
strong message that we should be taking
care of our moms after they've taken
care of us all their life so just
remember that ladies and gentlemen you
need to take care of your mom and not
throwing them in nursing homes nursing
homes are a bad bad place bad place I
have yet to heard of a great one I know
this great ones out there but all the
ones I've heard around here just
horrible I guess it's you know just
neglected patients and the ER pretty
often from this
let's see what my mom got my day it sort
of chocolate oh my gosh we can oh wow
chocolate place over where's it at
Matthew it's in Dallas well it's this
really awesome place I think Nia Sam
need to go to it sharply fine I loves
your chocolate in this only up my sword
exist I can go there you actually the
owner Kate wiser you see here baking you
could talk to her
very stylish packaging one of these
chocolates are so colorful that's just a
small setback marbles they're amazing
big taste so these are silver yes we're
really pretty chocolate all right mom
open our presents oh that's from me
mango yeah and the kids Oh kiss
silhouettes those are hand cut
silhouettes did you see the vlog yes I
did I did I loved it too
how beautiful so what's wrong my gosh it
looks just like them does she just such
an amazing girl she cut them out Matthew
drawn she looked at and they cut them
out from the profile while they're
sitting there at this spot sicko would
you get Nana map aduba gaps with PBS or
film is that not
Rachel thought it was amazing to such a
great picture sense please take a
perfect moment say Bobby
showers that was it oh you guys I love
them I gotta find a bisque please isn't
this our way to get you chocolate I'm
not gonna sleep yes Uncle Matt Matt
don't you dare go to sleep in this car
hey wake up don't you dare go to sleep
it's going for you and waiting in the
sonic driver for the past 20 minutes how
you feeling - that babe so people here
at Sonic recognized us actually for our
frozen lip-sync and now they're like
kind of yell at us please a little
intercom back there cause it's windy
right way they can't hear you we can't
hear you just so so they're getting kind
of like mean or rude whether we were
pulled out like aren't you guys the
frozen Cup the people in the video yeah
yeah is this your card sure I think
that's why hmm
simply got that one's just for me though
oh I know I love it to bring this I love
you from Sergey baya
oh my siggy Ben's got beautiful birds
she made sure it had to say from sugar
bear on it
oh it awesome aren't those beautiful if
their cutouts
look at that looking that cute looks
just like on lovey el mode Bebo is just
now bringing out her toys from her
apartment she hasn't unpacked all these
yet
it is just like Christmas over here I
thought it was Mother's Day Bebo got
herself her own Mother's Day present a
red real leather couch and I love it
love it love yeah oh she loved love
loves it look how cute it's kind of hard
to see all of his mess she's got her
little trunk in front of it the kids
silhouettes over here isn't it cute it's
big it's comfy ah a good Mother's Day
hey thank you do you 11 a.m. I say 1 2 3
3 good job a broom
1 2 3 whoa girl guys look at the storm
out here there's some crazy weather
going on in taro right now I know I
shouldn't even be outside I'm gonna go
back in in a minute but there is a major
tornado warning out here for the next
like 30 minutes and I was driving home
in the bulk of this funnel cloud that
was swirling like above our car
people were honking at me to run through
the red light so I ran through one a
truck pulled out right in front of me
and it was just crazy so now we're just
hanging out in the bathroom Agron was
having a little meltdown while ago so
we're having bath town now and our
family keeps telling me to stay in the
bathroom with him so I'm just going it
was so scary though oh my gosh like it
felt like I was totally driving in the
wrong direction I should turn around and
went somewhere else and when I got home
and you he's here he was like why did
you keep driving like I don't know I
just wanted to get home and be safe
Oh so anyways hopefully the storm is
passing we're still under a warning for
like the next we check Oh only four
minutes now I thought we saw had like
ten minutes left but it's only four
minutes No
yes we'd had a great time with my
parents and the storm started coming and
so it was a lot of time for me to like
be hasty and leave so I left and now
we're home I don't know it's like the
end of day and I just go skies are still
looking pretty clear over here
the end of our day and me and Cynthia
are doing
time routine so we wanted to do
something a little different tonight and
we're gonna do an acronym for Mother's
Day okay I taught something all about
how you do that and so we're going to
start with M for Mother's Day mommy
awesome no it's right tall
excellent rath super delightful amazing
you like that one
good HS mmm my favorite thing about
being your mommy is that I get to spend
all of my time with you I get to teach
you new things I get to watch you learn
and grow I guess that's a lot of
favorite things but my favorite thing is
spending all my days with you every day
I get to be at home watching you grow
and learn and that's my favorite thing
my thing about your daughter is giving
you great hug and watching you oh my
favorite thing we had you like to watch
me give you hugs that's my favorite
thing about you being my daughter - I
love you symphony Lillian kale
alright cutie knots and go brush your
teeth okay okay so apparently the storm
is heading back our way great right when
the kids are getting whoops right when
the kids are getting ready to go to bed
today has been a really great Mother's
Day yesterday and today combined has
been really amazing yesterday when Sam
was here with the kids I literally did
not have to lift a finger
it was so relaxing and so incredibly
sweet that he just like literally laid
down everything he needed to get done to
take care of the house and the kids all
day and night like he didn't leave the
house a mess at the end of the day he
did like four loads of laundry he loaded
and unloaded the dishwasher and he just
did so much he literally did like what I
would have done it on a typical day for
me that was to me really a romantic
gesture and it really made me feel loved
and precious to him I don't know it was
just amazing
so to all of you ladies out there who
are mothers I just wanted to commend you
for all of your hard work for the
selfless way that you take care of your
families and just happy Mother's Day I
hope you had a really relaxing amazing
day yesterday
a-and I hope that you feel appreciated
and if you haven't already checked out
the Mother's Day video that we posted
yesterday you should still go give it a
look because even though Mother's Day is
over the message that we talked about
and that all the mothers who submitted
videos shared is very prominent and very
important for today's world so go check
it out share it give it a thumbs up and
we will see you next time
but then this
xiaochun
