happy Mother's Day everyone and welcome
to the salmon even Mother's Day special
there's been something on my heart
lately than I wanted to share with all
the moms of today's world have become
confused and beaten down with the
material expressions of love that seem
to be forced upon us if our children
aren't receiving the best of the best
things we can't help but feel we're
depriving them of something and let's
face it this pressure is real so on this
Mother's Day we owe it to ourselves an
important reminder I remind her of the
many ways we love our children that
don't have a price tag attached the best
way I know how to show my son that I
love him that is totally free it's by
teaching him about God just that name
quality time with the girls in our
living room we sing we dance we exercise
together when we play together outside
he loves to be outside in his it is his
happy place and I feel like that is when
he feels the most confident on the
weekends we love making forts together
by being a good example by letting her
sleep on my lap by letting them help me
make the way I show up to my kids
without spending a penny is by having a
great marriage by giving once and the
kisses by rocking him Jessie it's a time
that we can both reconnect after a busy
one ways to hold them I share my love
with my kids as we take the time to
snuggle up on the couch and read library
books together by allowing him to teach
me things like patience and love in a
way that I never knew possible until I
had children and kisses and braids oh
baby you know why I love and treat her
father I show love to my children each
time I tuck them into bed they get to
choose the story we tell the songs that
we sing they even have their own prayer
requests we do this in their bedrooms in
their comfort zone and for those brief
moments life is all about them by always
making sure that my face lights up the
moment that they walk into the room I
never let him go first when we're in the
middle of a hug and by making sure that
when I brag on them to my friends they
are always within earshot by having
crazy dance parties I love my voice by
teeth if I make a mistake if I hurt
their feelings I make sure to apologize
immediately the way I show my love to my
little boy Noah is presenting quality
one-on-one time with him without my
electronic cuz no phone no laptop one of
the biggest gifts that I can do my dad
is a lesson
he can be strong in courageous and lean
on Jesus one thing I like to do with my
three-year-old every night before bed is
just have a one-on-one conversation with
him about our day or whatever it is he
wants to talk about ever since my
daughter was in my belly
we've always sang to her music and
worship has been such a key element by
giving her the affection she needs and
deserves when my six kids were little I
would take each one of them in my room
and talk to them individually
I think the most important way is to
point them to God the author of love yes
I love giving my kids gifts and I love
giving them kisses and hugs and teaching
them lessons but really none of that
matters if they don't know God if they
don't know who Jesus Christ is and what
they what he did for them and so daily I
point them to God there you have a guy's
a great reminder of many different ways
we can love our children without even
spending a penny
hold your children tighter and longer
tell them stories pray with them teach
them please share this video like it and
let us know what you think in the
comment section below we'd love to get
this message across to as many moms as
possible and don't forget guys we love
you and remember to love each other
