we got a question to ask you you saw the
video do you know what we're going to
ask you who do you love more mommy or
daddy you are my sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to
forgot to give
in this together here my little friends
forget Abraham's outfit today I love it
so summery he a little tan appear guy
Soni and I are about to go on our daily
constitutional last night the movie went
really good we really liked it
Nia thought it was really good but it
could have been better but it's really
good the thoughts that left me with was
in a world where nobody wants to get old
and everybody's trying to look younger
it was a really refreshing perspective
did you think he was weird that last
night when we came home after the movie
which was about thunder or lightning
striking this lady and making her you
know immortal we came home and lightning
struck near a backyard and put out our
electricity all night long yeah it was
stirring let me think about that do you
feel immortal yeah
we woke up there's no electricity and
our house is so dark because all the
windows are masked off electricity q
right as I was giving the kids ready to
go to IHOP but McKenna did a really good
job blogging last night she's really
funny she really got pretty goofy in
front of the camera I'll surprised okay
here we go
yeah shoes on this time it's a fluffy
butt yeah whoa Oh Susan for the camera
eyeballs oh you okay little buddy okay
let me see you jump
I hit better kids I'm not gonna play
with outside yours I mean they have the
little little coupe over there in his
little workbench area but I'm when I'm
done with the house my plan is to start
building on a sandbox in the backyard
and possibly putting up a swing set good
job man maybe we'll put up a swimming
pool for the summer to you I don't know
what
ya know is it a basketball blue how do
you make lunch a little more fun when
it's a sandwich you make a hero out of
peanut butter and jelly and pickles
yummy got some pretzels going on - hey
brooms going to have a bowtie instead of
a hair bow
you
Oh
hey guys Ruth this was Jimmy Kimmel's
Mother's Day video where I went down the
streets of New York I guess and he asked
kids who was there both of their parents
so they're like who they loved more mom
again so we're gonna ask Tiffany who she
does more was just curious what happened
obviously we know she's going to pick
but we got a question to ask you
you saw the video do you know what we're
going to ask you who do you love more
mommy or daddy and I'm after zombies
coming and they're hungry who would you
pick for them to eat me or mommy daddy
thank you symphony masses on me so if
there's if we're both standing in the
road and a car was coming and you had to
push one of us out of the way who would
you push out of the way so who do you
love more mommy or daddy huh someone's
at the door okay oh I knew it
Hebert okay who do you love more mommy
or daddy oh he's a dad I love you buddy
clear naturebox uh well of course we can
open it it's time for snacks yay
naturebox guys we heard the nature box
if you have it major box time about
nature box daddy yeah - first act yes
sir
lomi Travis Smith but but where the
nature walks to eat and it was on the
porch while you're back asking but
that's awesome
hey God put a shirt on it's embarrassing
yeah the naturebox is that our sponsors
here at Sam Ania the sponsors every
single month healthy nutritious snacks
that we get right at our doorstep we
pick it pick it out every month online
yeah we'll show you guys what did we get
this month guys we got dried mangoes YUM
sounds delicious
I'm gonna had those yet double berry
fruit peels Nia picked them out this
month coffee kettle popcorn whole wheat
strawberry Figgy bars of course we had
to get thicker bars
dark chocolate pretzel pops alright you
want that one everyone wants to start
off with the whole-wheat strawberry
Figgy bars there you go Nikki's gonna
open it ok here you go buddy Edna got in
the pot farm and ricotta mangoes it's
like yeah I don't think so buddy
hey hey bring those back here I'm do
anything naturebox brings our family
together guys and that's why I suggest
to them and I suggest that you guys
click on the link in the description box
below and get your free trial box I
think you get about like 6 or something
of them free trial size packets just to
try it out once yeah
guess who poop his diaper nobody wants
to change them you guys down side by you
stink stinky
I'm up in love but today that's tomorrow
why are you changing guys no I said okay
what I'll play daddy today and change
one diaper today daddies don't change
diapers Tiffany when you ask you another
question
right two daddies change diapers yeah
dang it I don't change it yeah there's a
new fan guys hold one there yeah we
don't really duster in here too much
right honey you should roll your eyes
it's gonna be really bright it's a lot
smaller it looks like or it's closer to
the ceiling which I like and he's gonna
get our new bright room oh it's gonna be
right yeah I've been working on the
Mother's Day video while the kids play
outside playing with Sam doing different
things I am just so excited about this I
feel like hums and I cannot wait to
finish it whoa really bright wow that is
way bright oh yeah it is better but it's
really bright
I like Tiffany's reaction to the new
light she came here was like ooh pretty
this is like a new room that we've never
seen before so tomorrow I'm gonna be
playing mom but I can't promise I'm
gonna make anything like this uh yeah I
don't think so what am I looking at it
looks good trying to slice opinions
chicken but you thought about insulin
mm-hmm this woman knows how to cook our
first Valentine's Day as a married
couple Sam gave me all these roses for
the mini for however many years we've
been together right here I am very
sentimental it's hard for me to get rid
of stuff like this on well I might as
well vlog it so that I can at least have
it why don't we read in the letter okay
that's not too embarrassing I want to
read a yellow and I remember the yellow
ones are the sweetest I'll read it to
you you'll read it to me that's even
better
six awesome Valentine's Days look at
that gorgeous photo Sam took today I
just like it's blowing my mind so
beautiful ever laid on the ground just
for like maybe a few seconds and I was
just taking pictures of them s
ladies on the ground like this and he
turns over and there's a little flower
it's right at his eye level teeny tiny
flower teeny tiny you can really see the
picture check out our Facebook page I
shared it on the same minion Facebook
page but it's so tiny he turned and just
stared at it for like two seconds and I
get that awesome picture I just I'm
definitely printing this one and blowing
it up it's like my favorite all-time
favorite picture of him so far it's just
him exploring it's just so awesome I
love it someone you really cute so
tomorrow is my Mother's Day and I'm so
excited that we're sharing this video
with you guys I'm just really excited to
have all the alone time that Sam keeps
telling me I'm gonna have and be able to
like respond you guys comments and see
what you thought of this video cuz we
spent I personally spent quite a bit of
time and you know planning it and
thinking things for it and stuff like
that and bye guys we'll see you tomorrow
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other yeah
but they missed
