I'm a junior at high school and you know
I'm typical kid I'm stressed out doing
college work and I play sports and I'm
very involved with my and so wish me
luck and please like bear with me why
I'm struggling to Bowl made by the same
guy loved by to say
we've got two days mum
got to give love
where I won't
in this together good morning guys how's
everybody doing today Nia and I are on
our daily constitutional no this is not
daily for us it is for me lately is my
run day this is all brand new for me you
can tell by the profile of my belly
she's kind of flat this morning I was
trying to trim my beard and my trimmer
died so that's why my beard is all
splotchy hi guys
they have this simple you have Scout
what does he have
oh that's about it and he scaled this
one is a reading scope but this is not a
reading entirely she's going way too
fast for me about to get on your
shoulders you can even go injured I just
want to run wait up oh man come on wait
up for your slow dad
there she goes every which I have them
forget it babe say good morning good
morning you know thank you
so me and this little lady have a date
night tonight yeah we do Nia planned a
movie night for us that was exciting she
just surprised me she said Brooklyn on a
date tonight we're gonna see the age of
Adaline you know a lady who does an age
she turns like 40 and stays 40 I think
she she looks like mine she's
middle-aged yeah she's in her prime yeah
that's what they said on this audition
my age I think she's in her prime
nothing cuz I am you know like your mid
twenties more in your primers are known
to be in their prime in their mid
twenties but yeah it's about a lady
middle-aged lady who gets in a car wreck
and some kind of magical experience
happens and she never ages again feels
like a Benjamin Button spinoff days
maybe Benjamin buttons daughter we're
home now that was a really long walk way
too long for me it's quite overcast
today supposed to be 60% scattered
showers today so I'm never going to
bother to try to paint tomorrow for
Mother's Day
I got a something tacky
well there tomorrow so on Mother's Day
this is what I'm gonna be doing I'm
going to take your place play mom all
day long I'm going to do the laundry do
dishes I'm gonna clean the house
Sam's Way better at come on changing
diapers all day I'm even going to take a
bubble bath and read 50 shades of grey
I don't read 50 shades there first of
all I'm also gonna cook breakfast lunch
and dinner wake up before you she always
wakes up before me because I work nights
and okay I'm not gonna make excuses I
just felt good earlier hello today you
daddy let me sleep it really rough last
two nights
No so have you gone grocery shopping for
all these meals you're gonna cook for me
I'm testing it you didn't do that all in
one day I'd love to do that all and
watched it what somebody
no because you plan for anything you're
gonna do I mean you could do it today
true or we could just go I'm just gonna
make eggs and we have eggs and bacon I
did get something for him to like grill
for dinner this week you could do that
back my mom mugs don't drill he wants
love with this what are you doing can't
do without laughing you just hit him
with the swing she did yeah just bumped
him you threw it down buddy
Oh throwdowns I blew it barely bumped
him on the shoulder
Abraham's first time painting like a big
boy with Cissy Symphony wanted to paint
more wood blocks that daddy cut up he
kept asking for a D so I made a deed he
did all the little scribble marks yay
hey hey where's your name Abram yeah
Oh me good job that's your name he
touched it you guys don't know every
cell that Sam's outside cleaning yard
and I am making a snack for the kids to
have while they do that we're having and
of course we weren't dating when I said
we had a lot of popcorn around here so
that's a good thing we switch
is there a this is what they call ring
yes ma'am
go to the end of the driveway back what
are you doing my take job you know where
again I'm having to take time off
something it really achy all over did
you guys know that they found that
tylenol dolger emotions they found that
people on tunnel acetaminophen the
active ingredient in Tylenol are less
happy or less likely to get happy or
excited well it's come down hard and
less likely to get sad so if you're
wanting to fill your emotions a little
bit take your cup of Tylenol everyone
loves about me and I are running around
Terrill turn to take care of some
errands right at the last minute to just
turn 4:30 I was the last person in the
post office he didn't want to go in
because she's too embarrassing off her
packages at the last minute I was I
didn't take a man my recent morning she
cares a lot about the postmasters up
here I mailed off my lands one of you
guys purchased my lens
her name was Erica yeah I was really
excited to sell it to when you guys I
had several people interested by Erica
was the first person so this is what
we're coming out of Home Depot if I got
some filters here some light bulbs we
got a new fan for the living room right
there and then attempt to brighten up
that living room thanks hi she struck a
nerve with her on a date soon kids are
going to stay with me Kayla and I
thought about asking me I thought about
asking Mikayla if she wouldn't wouldn't
mind vlogging Sony and I would have to
vlog
our date it could be interesting to see
somebody's vlog for our family and it's
recording now I'm teaching Michaela had
a vlog yeah wish me luck
she's gonna vote for us while we're gone
so Nina I could you know spend some real
quality time together and like I said if
you have any questions just a symphony
okay she's a professional she is you
know how to turn this camera on not you
yeah yeah you do that button up there
your favorite does your right Abram
doesn't even look always done in some
tiny colored minor wool hi guys
have fun so watching Netflix is the only
way that I can get poor Abram to love me
symphonie do you like me you do a lot
okay good I'm Mikael on their babysitter
um I've known Nia ever since I was a
little kid I'm we grew up in the church
together this tiny little church and
she's to always give me like these
either bracelet or a necklace that
always said like big sis little sis so
I've always grown up thinking that she
was my sister what do what a great
sister she is to have because she's just
an awesome person of course as y'all can
all tell she's she's absolutely
beautiful and smart and I just love
saying to death so it's a privilege to
watch their kids I'm a junior at high
school and you know I'm typical kid I'm
stressed out doing college work and I
play sports and I'm very involved with
my and so wish me luck and please like
bear with me while I'm struggling to
bowl or so we did it dubsmash it says I
don't want to go to bed oh man maybe I
should have put on a little bit more
makeup
my boogers wore blue in my start oh did
you like reach in your nose and say if
your burgers were blue you did were they
yes what color am on you have to like
give them on your fingers yeah I don't
want burgers all my fingers right now
Abrams bunny face good it odor massive
focus bear walk bear what I never get a
little crazy
oh ha ha ha ha dead like hickory wood I
think you are psyllium Bubba silly dooku
symphony was being silly and she about
fell in like splat all over for luckily
my fast hand saved her but she pouted
for a little bit until she got more
Cheetos wow this is exciting
ha ha ha I hope we don't know to fan me
say hi 30
he's sleeping for bravery my keys my
length in this position not even kidding
for ten minutes a man does a pretty
prayer can you say good night night all
right guys the nights over I had a lot
of fun hanging out with a ruined
symphony and hanging out with the other
guys don't forget they love you and to
love each other
