you don't
in this together good morning guys we
are getting ready for what I call a
jam-packed day from the puppies right
here cuz I picked it up right there no
why'd you put it down on the floor
what's on your head buddy day this is my
job I've got to get Lucy's stuff all
packed up to go bye-bye there's a bug in
this vicinity and I know if it was in
the blanket or in the bag but that's
what you just witnessed me trying to
kill and now it's like incense in each
jacket we don't know what's dead or not
anyway back to work
my feet on the baby will miss you hey
guys we've moved on to gymnastics class
I told you it's a jam-packed day we also
visited with some family in the middle
of taking Lisi home and coming to
gymnastics has just been going going
going on stop are you guys ready to jump
around and stretch you're gonna stretch
it your Christmas outfit are you trying
to speaks no company is trying to curl
Julia
he didn't want to go I don't know if you
guys could tell by that footage right
every time to it they come a room you
would come back and kiss me again one
time you bang nearly on the face are you
have a sore right here so now it's
almost this girl's turn and she is so
ready she's crazy
Oh
yeah
to debate today to this I see here you
guys doing presence okay
as if Christmas is all about today thank
you to Christmas tree we got pizza sauce
spread out all over here
and she watches
it's a signed photo okay it's for you
you pictured me it's actually nice
picture friends I'm very proud of it
yeah what you gonna do it on eBay I'll
put a link in the description if you
really want to change everyone I think
I'm not keeping so early doesn't matter
right
so me it goes match I get last we got 22
my turn
Sam gave you
all right guys so Tim is actually going
to try to sell this photo
all right so if he's really gonna sell
it I'm gonna put a link in the
description I was cool about the picture
proceeds go to this family what do you
guys think is going on here we've got
this we've got scraps and trash and
scissors and material okay okay I know
you guys are all dying to know what
that's all about over there but you got
to stay tuned till tomorrow to find out
and let me just tell you it is going to
be probably one of the most adorable
things you've ever seen in your life
like top three definitely gonna be in
the top three for me top five at least
cuz I do have three kids and it's the
cutest thing I've heard you're gonna
love it and stay tuned til tomorrow
we're skipping comment of the day but
question of the day is how excited are
you for Christmas let us know in the
comments below
give us all the emojis give us all the
exclamation points how excited are you
for Christmas we're really excited I am
in so in the Christmas spirit today we
just had our party prep this stuff for
tomorrow it's gonna be great we'll see
you there don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other this daddy's
that you must Joseph we would make to
preferred idiom please Symphony and I we
are off to Oklahoma with return
I think Abram has his heart set on this
alright buddy what do you think now do
you want to do a little bit of Christmas
shopping
we're wait
