speaking of here we're actually guys
wanna know what infected earring looks
like yeah looks exactly like this no
guys here's the nothing best apple juice
ever apple cider it's just it's simply a
little juice out here press apples yeah
papers that was it's good stuff but this
is what a year new tract infection looks
like a really bad one I'm not gonna be
drinking my sister made by the same guy
loved by the same
in this together good morning guys
daddy just got home from work I brought
the kids some presents I brought
Symphony some medical tape and I brought
both of them each of them a saving flush
can you say saline flush let me help you
okay okay look you gotta open top take
the cap off look and then you got a poke
back squeeze this no no don't eat it
salty push look like this I'm gonna let
that part oops
the day but off watch me shoot sissy
whoop oh sorry
okay you rhyme are you okay I'm sorry
I'm at the squeeze here you okay no here
you go you try you can shoot me back oh
don't put in your other eye
ya see what else I got you I got you
a scalpel just kidding this one's for me
this is how I cut open people's skin
yeah I have an abscess or something
let's go yeah you got to pull it back
for oh he shut the cabins there's your
new bathtub toys yeah you suck up water
and shoot it hey mom remember today hey
he had a rough night last night got a
lot of text from her say she's up every
single hour she said once everyone go to
sleep
she kept having to get up to console him
and then Andrew came in the kitchen woke
her up and at 5:00 a.m.
Tiffany woke up back in the bed and woke
her up so she's like four sleepy so I'm
gonna be hanging out with kids I think
and it rained on last night so there's
not much I could do on the house I could
pick a color that's a bot you need daddy
or mommy ah Eric wrote me and said he
was screaming for me last night well I
took my Chargers that I had to go home
because my son was screaming for me Oh
oh I hate when he's deprived of his mama
I like it Symphony and I are updating
her little violet doggy she got this
when she turned one-years-old there's
violet she's dirty and old are you ready
to update her and get all of her
information changed out hi Abram where's
your snack we haven't updated her at all
since symphony got her so I'm curious to
see what things have changed if you guys
don't know what this little animal does
they like tell you your favorite snacks
in color and help you spell out your
name and stuff like that when Symphony
was won the name Symphony wasn't
available so it's always said hi sweet
pea
but now the updated version you can type
in any name you want so I think it's
going to say hi symphony now type in
symphony and then find audio okay so
let's see if any of these things have
her name in it let's see there is still
no symphony that is crazy I can't find
your child's name so you can select a
nickname you want it to still say sweet
pea it says sweet daddy little lamb
little and that's one of the newer songs
whoa Abram ran to me and he's saying boo
whoa blah did you build that string
again Wow Wow Wow laughs ah getting so
tall can you finish it
doing a little happy dance and
motivational dance do you love me you
can do it no whoo that's green
whoa what color is that when Abram Hey
that is orange there's a - on that block
look buddy here's the big block Wow oh
no you not get over here mommy
hi you have water right there hey can I
tell you something yeah I want you to
tell you that one day I dreamed that
there is a book on Ava's car and pebbles
was on the porch I was on the bottom of
the porch and uh pebbles like snapped
beat between it and it like crawled over
on me and it bit me so hard when do you
dream about that um I think yesterday
now are you okay now uh-huh and just a
dream
are you sure it was just a dream yeah
did you check the sea or did the bug
bite you in the dream um I think right
here I sure wasn't somewhere else I'm
sure was it a really pulling up at you
know was like it was like I began a um
caterpillar looked like it was like a
bug snake mmm tell me it was frozen so
it was probably like a centipede and it
was frozen but when pebbles bite
uh-huh put it right crawled over me and
and then it bit me
was it really cold cuz it was frozen no
I mean like it wasn't cold I mean like
it couldn't move we have like anything
cold on it oh it was just still okay you
know why I was outside no I don't even
tell me that part cuz I cuz hey April
air pebbles was out there
and I wanted to make sure pebbles
doesn't go in the room and able oh
you're being good big sister and you got
bit by a centipede I was like how sweet
my first Mother's Day present of the
year this came from Marisa our little
neighbor that always plays at the house
Thank You Marisa for my present that was
so sweet of you it smells amazing that
was so sweet
I almost feel like I could cry Marisa
I've never been given a Mother's Day
gift by a child other than my own
Nia made us an awesome dinner tonight
look at his genius recipe it's just
chicken and hot sauce in the crock-pot
add some sour cream and cheese on top
and you got yourself some amazing
amazing tacos with salt corn tortillas
I don't know to do I'm not a nurse or
anything not really I really am a nurse
poor guys been so snotty snotty boy and
a naughty boy and a no-no boy
Cynthia's friend just came over and
smeared blue paint all over one of my
columns she left before I could get a
word in the next time she comes over
she's going to get an earful from me
beautiful speaking it here wax you guys
wanna know what inflected earring looks
like yeah looks exactly like this
no guys here's the nothing best apple
juice ever so today's a day where I just
kind of lag around the house figure out
something to do with my time I've been
trying to pick out colors but I just I
don't know I'm just not in the mood to
lazy day for me it's bedtime and
Symphony wants to play a mommy daughter
game so we're going to play do you want
to go first or me I'm I'm weak okay you
go first so what's my favorite drink hmm
symphonies favorite drink is lemonade
yes an orange okay okay my turn
what's my favorite color
me oh yeah that is monitor how much good
job what's my favorite um cutaway you
have a lot of favorite colors it's gold
pink red and purple you made in silver
and silver yes that is what I meant okay
Mike and yellow and orange
I'll see you like all the colors yeah
okay that's black and gray and brown
okay
why can't we keep my mouth today or your
nose well my nose already painted what
about my room sure okay your nose hey it
has to be jail okay go pick it out I
need them you have to bring the black
with us okay okay all right these are
the color symphonies gone with how do
you want it every other one or I want to
like um pink purple pink purple okay
purple pink pink gotcha
you like him I'm gonna deploy I need a
little bit we're all done with our girly
Tom painting our nails that was fun
symphonie said she watched a vlog with
Daddy tonight and they painted their
nails do you remember who it was um
anyways guys it's time for us to say
goodnight give us a thumbs up if you
liked our video today and come back
tomorrow for some exciting paint time
what okay don't forget guys we love you
already
remember to love each other and don't
forget we love you and remember to do
everything in your house
No
