what's the choo-choo say my brother you
are my sister
by the same guy love butter thing
we've got to give
the world
and this together morning everyone
sickness and the Rader household seems
to prevail and we're going to the
doctor's office for Symphony skin skin
thing this morning and Abram seems sick
mommy's not feeling good but we have a
doctor's appointment so I have to go
wake up Abram he's sleeping in way late
it's almost 9:30 in the morning
good morning sweetie hi baby
sissy's awake mommy made some eggs
don't be nervous cool whoa sis 42 pounds
party - my goodness what are you doing
up there we're not here for you what are
you doing
there's something from her like vomiting
diarrhea no I don't think so you don't
have anything else going on do you sis
are you looking at that play feature
oh they're like jumping on a pogo stick
huh mm-hmm
yes after like a sigh oh yeah ah that's
fine hi so we're gonna have this one I
chew on her leg Abram has it on the back
of his leg - it's not really easy to see
but yeah really sensitive skin and we're
really prone to getting like rashes or
itchy Jerry you know easily even what
colors it oh let me see is it blue good
job oh that's yellow mm-hmm yellow buddy
not all the colors are blue to a room we
have a whole time yes sorry
would she get a bite or like no not that
I know of Missy for looking subject
could be even being used on the face
okay so would it be a skin tag it looks
like thanks so the skin tips usually
don't grow like that never asked yeah
and usually this is girl in the face
it's you know different thumb like under
the armpit anything yeah this is eczema
she just confirmed that this back and it
has it fine same thing it's kind of
going in her mouth here in the corner I
trust you that you won't pick at it
doing belly but maybe when you're
sleeping I may have to put the band-aid
on okay a recap on what the doctor said
basically the back of her leg and Abrams
like his eczema and she said that in
order to treat eczema that's that severe
it needs like intensified eczema lotion
five to six times a day and I've just
been doing it once a day but I do it
every single day and I felt so bad when
she said that I was like gosh you mean
all this time it could have been less
irritating for them if I had just been
doing it five times a day and then the
thing on her face that was definitely a
wart which sounds kind of gross but I
guess she plays outside a lot I don't
know um but she said that she's going to
call a dermatologist and have me refer
to someone because she was just really
worried about having doing any kind of
removal process herself or suggesting
anything to me because it's her face she
said a lot of times when the face it
could scar really badly if you do the
wrong procedure so she's gonna go see a
dermatologist hopefully next week we
have been sitting in the ballet parking
area for like 15 minutes now waiting we
can see their ballet teacher inside the
door and she's just talking up a storm
with somebody what do you think they're
talking about you think they're talking
about all the dance moves y'all are
gonna make no I think they're talking
about making us they're gonna make us do
new move oh you think so
I have an errand to run while Cindy's in
ballet I accidentally bought two boxes
of decaf coffee K Cups today
and I can't use them Astro um anyways
they're going in now Symphony we gotta
go you ready let's go into class I'll be
back in a minute sweetie yeah there's a
train way over there I like the other
side of the highway
was the choo-choo say here how did I
miss this cap two of them all right we
got our regular coffee now say no decaf
yeah no more decaf this is my new
favorite flavor of coffee
Folgers lively Columbian I did like the
French Roast for a long time daddy just
got a wake up call
yeah on your feet Oh get it the light in
his face wake up buddy
please unique daily can't this can't
have to save you tickles I'm gonna
tickle down there check it out guys I
found the ring that was cut off when I
injured my finger so this is a guitar
ring that I bought and was in New York
California yeah it was a San Diego
actually is in California a guy handmade
these there's only two of them that he
made and Michael and I got a bow so my
twin had one but he lost it and yeah so
they cut it they're going to cut in two
places like like no no no just cut it
one place please and bend it so I can
still wear it
so I post something back together
here you go so beautiful
ham girl bye-bye
everyone here's the train coming to town
and he's chasing after everyone was the
Train
where's the Train go get it go get the
Train he's know where he's going he's
just gonna go Andrew had a good idea
when you get a train was over here but
we crazy okay so today's my Friday so
I'm excited to I'll get started on the
house again tomorrow at work Esther I've
been looking at gable designs I really
wanted to put a cool design up in that
gable I thought about just putting a
bunch of vertical boards just like this
one but putting several vertical you
know one by T's right here I feel like
I'm always working on the south if I'm
not physically here working on it I'm
not work just constantly thinking about
it looking at paint colors looking at
trim ideas looking at the gable thing
I'm also thinking about like window trim
on my different styles I could do around
the windows to cover up this brick area
I don't like that brick trim good yeah
you put in here so I push you up on in
I'll push you what do you make those
little cute noises
what do the wah wah oh no he's on the
water
I knew that today it's baited so
Symphony how did the doctors ago good
what did they say about your little
friend on your face it made that yeah I
have to wear a squared when we go to bed
a square a square bandage over the
little friend did you name him
I can friend did you name him you should
ma'am he's a part of you okay
what do you want to name him chance to
chew to it that's kinda like a choo-choo
wants just like a little bike and it's
like yeah alright mr. Chu Chu what's
time for you to go bye bye
it's kind of sad that I brought you know
dry skin into our family I think it's
probably part of our climate too because
it's so hot here we have to keep the air
on really high in the house especially
lately and that dries out our skin
especially my must stays dry it out I
think I wonder if I make a difference if
we moved to like a higher humidity
environment with cooler weather like
Hawaii or California those who you think
you are
excuse me sir you do not yell okay mr.
tough guy you dick you're a tough guy to
take your junk ride crunching your
little fists hey Pete what's out what's
out all right guys it's the time of the
day I'm gonna go for my workout and I've
started a new regimen I used to just
walk every day when Sam would go to work
and now I walk and run I am NOT a runner
those who know me know that Nia and
running
does not mix but I don't work out very
often I don't go to the gym I don't do
anything like special at home like in
the house pretty much all I do is go for
walks with the kids which can be really
good if you do it routinely I just don't
always do it routinely the weather's
been - back and forth so while the
weather stays consistent I'm going to
consistently run every other day and
I'll walk in between I guess until I get
better at it and the other day really
like I really hurt my calf muscles and
like my back of my thighs because I
didn't stretch and I did all that
running and now I'm just like I don't
know I'm paying for it
so anyways gonna stretch you ready for
your book and gonna night
Pete do you tell everybody naina our day
has come to an end and I want to share
something with you guys Sam and I have
been working on a cool idea for a
Mother's Day video and so I'm going to
read to you the notes that we've written
for Mother's Day this year I want to
help bring awareness to the priceless
love we mothers offer our children the
kind of love we get from God and not
corporations the kind of love that goes
unnoticed and doesn't boast with
products let's come together and remind
ourselves of the ways we love our
children that do not have a price tag
attached there are mothers and children
across the world confusing purchases
with love facing debt and stress to
prove they love their children to the
world the pressure to buy our children
iPad cell phones TVs and any toy they
set their eyes on is real this
purchasing of our children's acceptance
and giving of products as outward proof
of our love for our children is an
epidemic that has snuck into our homes
and has become ingrained into our
thoughts and worst of all it's how we're
raising our children to express their
love this burden is weighing down our
families and costing us time spent
together when we could be gathered
around on a blanket for a picnic we're
working overtime where we could be
taking family strolls through the park
we're putting our children in front of
screens because we're exhausted I think
us mothers are just confused and need a
little awakening we need a reminder
the things we do as mothers out of love
for our children so let's come together
this Mother's Day and give ourselves the
gift of awareness for the things we
mothers do as expressions of love for
our children that don't have a price tag
attached I'm asking that any mothers
interested send me a ten to fifteen
second video telling of a way you love
your children that doesn't cost you a
penny the ways you love your children
that aren't easily seen by the outside
help us remind yourself that there isn't
a single product that can measure up to
the love we have to offer our children
I'd like to have all the videos
submitted by Thursday at 9 p.m. Central
Standard Time because I'm going to start
editing the video and have it posted a
day before Mother's Day so we can all
enjoy it and learn from one another oh
and please use the hashtag price check
on mom's love and any comments that you
talk about and when you email the videos
and all of that I would like to have
that hashtag so I can keep up with it
and be more organized I can't wait to
see what you guys have this in and
you'll all be featured in our video
those of you who send it before 9 p.m.
on Thursday evening which is tomorrow so
you don't have a whole lot of time but I
think it's enough time to get the job
done don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
we shall jump
what a mess
