really eat it Mickey like yummy
to say
we've got to give
in this together battery the kids are
being so loving today thank you this
morning sandy requested yogurt and a
bagel bagel frosting easy breakfast for
mommy today did you sleep good abram
your bubble size fine
alright you're ready to go bye-bye yeah
we're not going to Hawaii for bye-bye
time we're gonna go meet miss Jennifer
you're beautiful you don't need make-up
but I don't mind that you playing it
that's enough where are we
this is one of symphonies favorite
restaurants to eat at for some reason
she really likes Applebee's and Chili's
why do you like them so much cafe j15
okay so I posted a picture of this on
Instagram a couple of weeks ago and it
is for gin I need to straighten out the
ribbon this ribbon I'm using is a little
different than what I typically use and
it crunches up a little bit more easier
than you know other ribbon that I've
used in the past we just finished eating
we're gonna get the dessert now we've
had like the best conversation ever
looks symphonies go in there we've been
talking about you know loving ourselves
silly
not doing like you know the whole like
shiny I love my gym okay so while we
were talking about that Jen was telling
me about this book she just got and I
kind of want to read it call the body
books by Cameron Diaz or it sounds so
good so what is it like about she is
really this fight cozy about basically
how your body works how it's designed
what's good for things we already know
they ever know in her word it's really
does more inspiring than you reading it
out of health effect really awesome that
sounds like a good book for women
especially like women approaching the
30s 30s internally hello and he went
down you want the camera I so enjoyed
meeting with June she is just always
such a refresher we always just have
such genuine deep conversation about
life and womanhood and it's just really
really refreshing being around her I'm
so glad that I had a chance to meet with
her and I also loved it that I always
get to have symphony around when I meet
with her because she gets to see what
it's like to have Christian friends and
well how good it can be for each other
soul how encouraging we can be for one
another and you know just just how good
and uplifting it can be to have those
types of people in your life nanana
nanan and adapt them bah bah you see a
Baba judy verse said bye dude you waves
waves of the bag moves ahead with two
ones he said bye bye he said bye bye
a bruh we did who's that
so last night at work was probably the
craziest night I've had since I I mean
it was like a full moon light is what we
call we're being screamed at thrown at I
mean we had some patients that were just
angry to be there and we have to keep
him under certain situations when a
patient is suicidal then they come in
and say that they're suicidal that
they've attempted to kill themselves we
can't let them leave once they come and
tell us that by law we have to keep them
because they're not in the right state
of mind to make the choice to leave at
that point so we have to protect them we
have an obligation to protect them after
they you know let us in on that
information we had a couple last night
that has some issues going on and both
of them wanted to leave and it was
actually three and they were all there
at the same time it was oh wow it was
bad we were chasing people around them
the ER outside we had one lady who
demanded to have a smoke so she went
outside on her own she had a walker and
just oh I was so bad at 5 a.m. it
started to die down and we got the you
know chill out a little bit and then
they fell asleep a button that's a
little heart-shaped button - that's
pretty cool hopefully tonight won't be
as bad
I don't think it will be there's no way
I don't think you're gonna have two
nights like that in the row so I don't
have to hope for Eric just came over and
pointed out that the house isn't painted
yet he came over like a week ago I was
like you're gonna need about ten days to
paint this house is like nah I can get
this done in a few days but he came
driving up shaking his head at the house
we had another neighbor just now stop
and ask us about the house that's a big
job isn't it yeah pretty much
this is taking way too long it's kind of
embarrassing you know for the neighbors
that I've ticked on this job and the
house has been prime for over a week now
I think what you find
spiders where where what orange things
are red things
oh wow you're right can you guys see
those fighters how'd you find those kami
them so I wanted so I wanted to come
check if they were still there I can
tell you cocked right here what happen
if a sweetie there is still real yellow
yes yellow and your eyebrows and you
have little red thing right there I
think sifting through a little more air
she keeps picking at it daddy when I
cooked all the bodies medical design I'm
gonna ask mommy if she can glue them
because I collect buttons what other
kind of buttons do you have bring him
out here and show me Tiffany has this
long mushroom looking thing growing up
for fakies so weird there's like a word
but not like a little skin tag almost
and it just sprouted overnight what is
going on with their daughter's face all
right what you got in this red one is
little pearls and they have this bluish
black
they silver you can hear the camera open
up
it's right there right faces long long I
don't think if I don't know
yes they need to get a doctor see if you
want to take you to a doctor so you can
see your face okay you have something
right there we have to look at it I
wanna make sure it's nothing that's bad
we could super dad dude dude he was
playing with Symphony and Abram came out
got some teeth no come with some cheese
look at the cheese take a bite Symphony
you know he can't really buy it that's
good you want some cheese come here
don't be shy it's just cheese buddy come
here I'm a cheese head cheese geez you
wanna bite of cheese bite
really eat it Vic he's like is he yummy
no look sissy's a cheese head where did
you find that - okay okay so I just
finished filming a video for millennial
moms on the baby League and these are
some of the things I had with me snacks
different activities that I bring along
with me I gave some tips on you know
dressing the kids comfortably and having
little toys and Sandi is out here with
the kids while I was making that video
it took me like 10 minutes to film so
hopefully I got an informative good
enough video I don't know let's see here
what they're doing other outside playing
how did it go you do it just looks
really purple in the like bright
daylight sign it's funny because at this
hour right now it does look really good
the shade is on it and it just looks
good right now so you like it there's
like a team on YouTube image in the
comment saying like hash tag team band
blue like band the blue oh my goodness
what baby candy just had the most genius
idea for a video we're gonna try it out
maybe today so the first one was these
are all kids experiments to see what
happens when you're not around or when
they think you're not around how they
act
you know it was inspired by this little
video I saw on Facebook so why not put
our kids through it how they react so we
think we're gonna put out snacks like
when we get done with our walk on the
table and say don't touch these you
cannot touch them don't open them yet or
wait for us to come back before you open
them that is uh and then set up a camera
and walk out of the room for like but
two minutes you say yeah and then just
see what they are how do they react okay
I'm gonna put them in this pot and I'm
gonna clearly see that there's snacks
we'll be right back
don't take the lid off and you cannot
take the lid off of this welcome see you
can come look at it you can't take a
little thing that we have to go sit down
on the couch okay oh he does he's peed
you only can do that dog oh I didn't
know that there's too much red
my name in the lieth in your name is
Sookie no open the little oh it looks
like you guys passed the test I think
you guys can all have a squeezer now if
you want one you just didn't open it
right did you open the lid what we're on
you know guys if you liked our video
today please give us a thumbs up and
come back tomorrow to see what we have
planned we are what are we doing
tomorrow oh we're going to the doctor's
office gonna look at that thing on
Symphony's face we have some other
things planned to so come back and join
us and don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other
