you're sucking the whole put you sucker
in the hole put your sucker in it yeah
you put your or a minute up here you
another one put this on your other arm
my brother you are my sister
by the same guy
we've got to give
in this together good morning everyone
how's it going Abram has been screaming
outside outside for like the past 30
minutes and I just came out take him
outside we had to finish getting ready
Sunday has brought us beautiful
beautiful weather today
yeah come here I want to show the
viewers your dress Symphony has this
shirt on it's like a tunic now and she
has had this since she was 18 months old
it used to fit her really long like it
came all the way down to here when we
first bought it for her and it has
always been my all-time favorite dress
for symphony it's so precious it gathers
right here I just love it it's got
little ties up here which are kind of
flipped under right now guys here we are
we're at church Sunday is always a big
day for us we love going to church with
the family an exciting day for us for
the Sundays welcome to our church I like
to welcome its Judy's time channel so
welcome to our channel this is our
church called the pillar where our
Christian family believe in Jesus Christ
that he's our Savior and he died on
cross for our sins
Faina what does that represent
just push up with your Thunder see if
you'll turn into a ball see he's a ball
now Michael Hill bug think there wasn't
really cold
he's what Rolie polies really called the
pillbox
oh it's fresh
I don't really they're a French bug look
at colors again looks different today
okay Gideon's came out there did you get
a free Bible no they're making some
really cool ones like different styles
yeah he was colors in the New Testament
and the full Bible okay our pastor says
I'm really cool about adventure being a
Christian is like an adventure it's
supposed to be risky and it's not
supposed to but it's supposed to be
thrilling and exciting at the same time
Annie Annie hey Samuel lunchtime and
then no time in here after church
kids are playing this game it's singing
you
does that make him laugh so I have to go
to work tonight so I got to get a nap in
before I go because I got over 12 hours
and I want to show up the toast look I
got them all primed I know you guys have
had enough of these posts but I'm just
so proud of them
it took me so much work and just like
I've put so much thought into these are
completely my design
and you know I just put a lot of work
into them so many different steps but
I'm finally done with them the next step
is just to paint them whatever color
will undo which is like a white on the
creamy side of white so here's what they
look like it just looks so good
and it realizes you know so much work
that was put into these kind of columns
but um so I've made a couple changes
since last time you guys saw them I did
use the l-train like most of you guys
suggested that keep the elf trim so I
did keep that on there of course it's
down here to two different sizes this
one's bigger than this one and then I
have this piece of trim that I added on
all of them
this was the last-minute change that I
decided I want to transition from here
to here
with this one as well as the top those
are both PVC trim and I got it all
sealed up all cocked and just primed of
all my gaps filled in everything's
looking pretty good you need to move
that tape I don't have to move it now
but okay what's that up
we're in Kroger and corny which is not
our typical place of grocery shopping
mommy made a big boo-boo so there were a
couple of hand towels that had been
pretty much drenched and paint thinner
over the weekend and they were inside
the washing machine well I went to do a
load of towels this morning and I washed
them all together and had pretty much
ruined all of our towels we have like
three towels and one of them are
bleached out from mopping and so Kroger
has my choice of towels and that's why
we're here but I'm doing a little bit of
grocery shopping trying to nip that in
the bud for this week and that will give
me a free day for any more seriously B's
like $2.99 399 towels here at Kroger are
my absolute favorite towels they have
like the best absorbency there's just
something about them they seem to dry
off water really well so I'm gonna get a
few okay I'm gonna stick with the same
color scheme our bathroom has a lot of
greens and teal and coral inside the
decor if you can call it that mystic
window so that they look nice crusher
vlogging in a new stores really like a
lot of new faces watching her look at
this camera well what he wants to get
down but oh mommy didn't bring him in
shoes sorry buddy
guys I just have to have a mommy
bragging moment just for a second they
are sharing this water from Starbucks
there's a Starbucks inside of program
and at first Abram was not wanting to
share and then at a broom that
Symphony's can I have a drink now he
said no and she went hey and then he
just handed it right over then can she
have a drink
good job there you go sucker why do you
get it suckle can I have it you have it
it I want on the dick it's not funny
let me have a lick hmm that's a good one
banana and go well what is that whoa
whoa whoa you okay
no well I'm sorry I put my painter pink
yeah if that mess
take your piece but you suck bring the
hole but you sucker in the wall
put your sucker in it yeah you put your
or a minute up here you're another one
put this on your other arm
there you go put this on this on this
one wait come here this arm
Wow I'm so proud of you really good
thing she loves telling daddy when she
learns new things is like the highlight
of her day is to tell you guys being the
good wife that I am or that I tried to
be I tried to take into consideration
today the snacks that I was giving Sam
has been having a major sweet tooth
lately whether he wants to admit it or
not but he also wants to eat healthier
so I made a compromise and I got cookies
and cream toppers for the yogurt it's
low-fat yogurt with little Oreos on top
to give you not have a sweet tooth
eating Oreos lemon Oreos are that he
doesn't even really like lemon flavored
they're just my thing
we don't ever see you on this wing it's
always the kids or mean I guess to see
you tomorrow
off to work ago well I wanted to tell
you guys up that church today we learned
that we have a missionary that's working
directly with somebody who lives in
Nepal who's connected to an orphanage
that was completely demolished in the
earthquake and so it's really nice that
our church is able to help directly to
Nepal that made me feel so good anyway I
just wanted to tell you guys that
because I've been talking about Nepal
and that's been on my mind a lot but
anyway guys we'll see you tomorrow
Sydney's wiring the plants doing a good
job baby don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other surprise
come on I ain't surprised by my surprise
surprise it's bath time nobody wants to
get in the bath but I have gotten
solution to that Oh guys who wants bath
colors huh you want a color in the
bathtub whoo let's go play bedtime it's
been calling my name all day I'm so
exhausted I'm wearing one of Sam's old
shirts to bed a lot of you guys comment
on this when you see me wearing it in
the vlog so I thought I would kind of
explain the backstory to it so when Sam
and I were dating I was in high school
and I think he had already graduated by
that point well he had this job right
after high school and it required him to
travel and he would travel for like
three weeks at a time and so when he
first started traveling I was like well
I want something that smells like you so
I can sleep in it while you're gone
because I miss you and so he came over
one time before his trips and he has a
shirt with him and had sprayed his
cologne on it and I fully intended on
giving it back to him when he got back
from his trip but that never happened
and I've had it ever since and that was
probably about nine years ago I don't
know eight or nine years ago but I just
thought I would kind of explain some of
that backstory because some of you have
commented on this shirt before anyways
guys thanks for coming along with us
today we'll see you back here tomorrow
for some more Raider
fun and crazy times don't forget we look
and remember to love each other
