right by your head you pray
made by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to live
to give
in this together hey bro I got you
something I got you something
why look look drinking my hand what is
that chocolate suckers so I do not have
a game plan for today but I know I need
to cut trim for the windows please
already have like built-in trim and I've
been thinking about removing them lately
boom just knock those off and put a wood
there there's something old-fashioned
about that but then I have to knock all
that off I just keep finding more work
for myself don't I
a broom is so cute playing with his
monster trucks if they never played with
monster trucks
he's just so drunk - I'm like naturally
drawn to love truck anyway going to
Lowe's you guys have fun I'm getting
stressed out I ran out of tape and I've
got probably 10:30 now the post office
closes at 12:30
I've still got to load the car up then
unload it at the post office and I'm
mailing out 18 boxes I'm so annoyed I
ran out of tape I would already be at
the post office right now
well it's a full quarter did you even
find time to make all those that's what
I find just like crazy I like don't even
remember missing you for all this time I
make them at night so I was up until
2:00 a.m. doing it last night you guys
you better get to the post office
they're gonna be mad at her they are I
wish I had something to take them like
always on pre-made cookies or something
I just don't have time I could go get
some Starbucks and take them some coffee
Abraham's helping me pay the 6x1 right
here
thank you buddy paint the post
we got one almost complete I really like
him
I am good job I'm just priming him we
got to prime them real good to protect
him from the weather
Abram you're supposed to paint the wood
paint the wood buddy look you got to
paint the wood hey the wood mommy's home
with lunch so how'd it go honey
how do they respond to that tower Peck
good she didn't look a little upset in
time I went back through the third round
and they gave me the dolly so I stalked
him up on the dolly and had to make
three trips and I was like I'll be right
back
you have one more and she's like me I
just put him there I'm gonna be the one
doing it he like disappeared he saw me
come in he went to the back of the I
need your help I need you to come out
here Jake came out and started helping
the other people that was alive I mean
he really hates what he sees me coming
oh man used to be nice and helpful but I
just bring more and more every time
though I just got a dozen cookies and a
couple of each flavor and I took him up
there and handed it to the guy he was up
front of course when I took him in he
was like look like he looked like so
nervous like I was bringing more back
and I was like thank you so did he eat
him no he put him down and he was
closing the blinds and closing Heather
says oh man he's probably diabetic wait
where are we going left we're not going
to Hawaii today laughs no not today
who lives in Hawaii well guys after
hardly any sleep last night and endless
work this morning I just got up and
started doing wreaths stuff non-stop I
took a good nap while avram nap oh hey
bender hey you want to paint with Daddy
me too
where's Annie where's where's Oreo Amy
down please no no no no so what can I do
to help
we both want to know yeah they so cute
you walked outside and he ran up to me
go on painting paint Wow yeah right
there buddy
I got a retaping Sam does not even hear
him Sam look he's screaming your name
yeah Adam he was screaming to show you
man Oh Mama's gonna go put paint clothes
on okay then put him back on y'all ready
for this
burning Anton Anton Wilbur it's gonna be
amazing
yeah here we go
I like it what do you think I think so I
think it's a little too late if I'm not
sure so it's a little powdery you know
how I feel about the powder colors it's
really hard for you guys to see I can
tell the Sun is just too harsh to get a
good image of it but no I like it I
think the color below it back there
would have had the shade that we wanted
to cover such a big space but nobody
wanted the darker shade so I got Sally
and Blaine our neighbors to come give
their opinion on our new blue and sugars
with me it's to something it's to
something she's too vivid I think it
looks like a steel gray so we're not
doing this color we're going out and
we're looking at a house that we love
and we're going knock on the door and
ask him what color they did their house
what a bummer I did the whole back side
over here on the side of the house maybe
oh shoot you're saying you know I just
feel like it's kind of confused like it
doesn't want to be purple doesn't want
to be blue or gray it's just like it's
too indecisive which is what we've felt
this whole time
indecision that's what this color says
we are indecisive family so we're just
going to get a little bit of every color
and throw it on our house anyway we're
gonna go get ice cream while we're at it
because I'm depressed on so that's the
blue we like do you guys like that blue
get up there babe show them what you got
now can't colors be this hard to change
it's so don't we know what color we want
we know in our head
this color we can picture we can see it
and it's just like think we will they
call exhaustion y'all I just want some
ice cream at this part pink and red pink
and right that's a great yeah we can't
even fit chunky cheese on the wall you
don't drink the ice cream buddy daddy's
a spoon aid
look guys a cc one of our viewers man
look at this deliciousness
this right here is pleasure it's kind of
weird but good now if y'all hundred
times better buy the situation that's a
great idea
do you think I think this is what we're
going to do I think I found our car
honey
Wow guys you are seeing the indecisive
side of sanity
we are horrible at making decisions as
you go but you know that's what we're
making a great team
we are literally back where we started
how long did it take us to pick a color
like a week we're nearly back where we
started we are picking colors all over
again
who asked you oh oh sorry about that sir
you all right yeah regretfully
we made about four gallons of this paint
we don't like it and you didn't like the
paint we just had dinner
Mia made the most awesomest stuffed bell
peppers shows mixed the best stuffed
bell peppers at eight one I'm just
laughing cuz I'm picking it up like this
but I started thinking about the house I
said you know what am I so upset about
this if I was an appalled right now I
would be begging to have the problem
that I'm having right now I'm not being
able to choose a color wasting my money
on the first color just wasting all this
time and effort I would just be happy to
have this problem so that that totally
made me feel a little bit more
level-headed and better about the
situation so I went ahead and finished
the second coat and tomorrow we'll see
what it looks like and we'll go from
there
so what we're having a lot of difficulty
picking a color not a big deal at all
hey guys I'm really excited Sam and I
just sat down to do our daily you know
scroll on our YouTube channel and we got
some exciting news
it's Judy's life gave us a really really
sweet shout out that we were not
expecting at all guys I teared up a
little bit they've been so sweet and
supportive to our family and our channel
and it's just so surprising each time we
hear from them and we're just so lucky
and feel blessed to have you know a
connection with these youtubers such a
big youtubers feel like she's kind of
supporting and she's been supporting us
from the very beginning this is like her
fourth shout out to us but we got to
show you guys what she said we have it
up here to show you
PMMA as underrated youtubers I need more
people to watch levena made comments a
lot in my videos and I really do
appreciate it
and as for bloggers Sam and yeah
they are my favorite daily vloggers
right now I watch them I try to I don't
watch blogs every day anymore cuz I
don't have the time but whenever I'm
doing my makeup like today I watch them
and they're just an inspiring family
they're real they talk about real-life
situations they have the most beautiful
kids and she just seemed really sweet
and
being genuinely good people shall we ask
when will Xavier oh is that not sweet a
compliment coming from her so what do I
find inspirational and such an awesome
mother to her girls yeah but if you guys
haven't heard of its Judy's life I'm
gonna put a link in the description you
guys definitely gotta go check her out
she's a vlogger with twins and a little
girl named Juliana or JB and the shot
that she gave us was actually from her
personal channel it's Judy's time and
then her husband has a chant a channel
called Benji man TV and actually give
him a shout on the last vlog and he
actually tweeted us about it that was
cool too but um anyway don't forget guys
we love you and remember to love each
other
