all right we got them open them up good
they look like these are gonna be our
gifts for our moms so don't look mom
Nana
stop watching right now hey you are my
sister laid by the Sangha
by the same
we've got to name
got to give love
well
in this together the morning beautiful
children of mine taking my precious
offspring eating their fruit loops just
like their do want a bigger sneeze you
got a bigger spiritually
I'll get your bear spit there you go Oh
everyone wants a bigger spoon - you're
on a fork Abram this morning me and the
kids are going to a Children's Boutique
and they're gonna have their silhouettes
taken probably something that will get
away from Mother's Day maybe I'm really
excited I've never had this done for
them and you want some juice a broom
Abrams is started screaming camera bam
remember where is he where to go what
happened you didn't puppy give me five
all right now symphonies ready for her
silhouette picture i curled her hair and
put like a pound of hairspray in it
she's already I did that because I think
from the side you know the curls will
look really cute and I'm chose not to
put a hair bow in her hair because I
want to have like the actual like
bounciness of the ponytail but she wears
her hair like that a lot I don't know
I'm just really trying to like capture
their their uniqueness and their their
age the things that they do at this age
this is what the kids are having made
today I'm not really sure how this
process works so it'll be interesting
this is a boutique owned by somebody
from our church
love is greater than cancer leave that
much
so who does it oh here over there do the
kids have to sit still for very long for
this okay I just need to see him did you
have an appointment we do narrator you
are at 11:30 but she could probably
start there ready for you guys we're
gonna put a bow tie on a broom I'm gonna
put that's a cool hat man you got Jason
Mraz haha yeah what a cool guy
go walk straight come on Cindy come have
a seat in that chair oh and they got
cartoons for mother
ok how many - ok boys look distantly 3
I don't know I'm gonna think about it
I'm not sure that's those are really
nice though I just did no problem so
you're doing draw it out she just starts
cutting huh this she's more than only a
handful of artists to confirm this at
the level she does is six or eight in
the country that's it really
that's her credit huh where you guys
from
uh her studio she was just over across
the lake in around leg it she did okay
she does she's done kids in all 50
states
oh wow there she just happens to be
close to home intensity is so big your
teacher keeps a pretty busy just doing
Texas but she hasn't internet business
that what's the company called silicic
Jana what so with beverages your names
are engineer
I will give you some Virginia and Texas
the kind of pants if they can't I have
artistic aptitude person because so let
artists because otherwise the skills
going to die out completely
listen to me Canada it's museum quality
original art oh how exciting
we've ever had anything like this done
before for them she just looking at your
face and cutting you out isn't that
awesome
she's so artistic that's something you'd
be interested in doing
maybe that's the profile and get that
beautiful profile come on Erin come get
in the hot seat you'll need to be on
your lap to boost them up so I can see
you okay you won't accidentally include
Nia in this picture
Abram can't talk right now you think
you're his picture okay bye ring-ring
ring-ring
good job man I hope that big head could
fit on the local paper
really
give me back so Virginia what's the
likelihood of our viewers getting
ordering before Mother's Day right now
right now it's we're down to the down to
the wire because I've already got a lot
of prepay orders that I'm still
processing doing also doing a lot of
store events this is before the holidays
in 50 lakhs I'll be at Weir's I'll be
swoozie tomorrow obviously generally you
know before holidays you wouldn't want
to add like two weeks instead of just
seven-day turn around so if you guys
want do it online all you do just send
in a picture like this at least a month
I'm so excited about the silhouettes
it's just such a beautiful thing that
I've done for your kids where can you
get hand art these days everybody's
going digital it's just so awesome to
have something that's done by hand for
children it's so special I'm asking her
to sign the back for us her name is
Virginia rose you guys definitely should
check her out she does parties and store
events and stuff just reading her card
her website is silhouettes by
virginia.com
I'm gonna put a link in the description
if you guys want to check it out just
click there unless you said the
turnaround time is seven days generally
but probably two weeks towards the
holidays all right we got them open them
up because they look like these are
gonna be our gifts for our moms don't
look mom Nana
stop watching right now okay okay
a little channel of the details so what
you do that because bangs in as well
tugs at my heartstrings right there look
at that look at that little chin down
there a little jowls and those curls
oh that's just too precious seems you
guys like your pictures a brown I like
yours or beautiful curls mean he should
have got one done me and me yeah I wish
I got one kiss me I was expecting it to
be like a flash against their face and
like an image would show on the wall I
was not expecting her to be cutting it
out yeah yeah you like photography that
makes it like so much more special it's
amazing say basketball yeah what you
guys huh you hear the honk honk huh you
say basketball yeah dude you like
basketball yeah we hear it we're here in
the hunk man he's cute
enjoy this cuteness guys enjoy it
Wow look at this guy have you see
anything so cute Wow
get out here Sammy's getting ready for
his photo shoot you guys all seen my new
life before I go there she is
whoa the 50 millimeter 1.2 beautiful is
it do you really like it yeah I really
love it I love how Canaan has red
accents on their lenses unless certain
luxury ladies
really oh yeah babe oh the name of my
new channel is Chad Allen you should
tell them babe but it's not posted and
up you can't click on it and subscribe
yet yeah you can yeah it's up what
what's wrong
I don't know that did you post the video
which one yesterday are we making a port
combs yeah daddy channel I gotta get my
mommy channel on any channel it's a man
channel it's called playing man I guess
it could be daddy stuff too of course
I don't have any channel art up yet
though that's the only thing I was gonna
do some today but I'm anytime so if you
see just a blue little square that's me
alright
simply I'm ready go there gonna be a Q&A
coming soon you're lucky
No didn't you show you guys the
silhouettes on our dresser look at those
oh I love them so much and every time I
come in here I just want to stare at it
he seriously just makes me like well up
a little bit it's just too too precious
those are my kids
they're so beautiful long ago so much oh
I'm so Brett when I come to the kitchen
look what I brought the kids home for my
wedding today
two big chocolate suckers they're gonna
love me tomorrow oh they're gonna love
me so much he's a little bit mad that I
bring her home one I feel left out he
always thinks of me when it comes to
treats always I know but I said you know
if I didn't have one tonight
he doesn't have to have one either I was
really what went through my head it's
not that you don't have to have one who
are these even more mad lady she doesn't
need to go on a diet or anything yeah
that's ridiculous you guys know what I
mean so this 50-millimeter
the one that I've been using is the last
mid-range lens that I'll ever use I
think pretty sure I'm done I have all
l-series lenses now which is canons
higher class sizes they're better glass
and yeah this was it this was the last
one this momentous day for me I'm going
to sell it I paid 350 bucks for it if
any you guys are interested in buying it
let me know just message me and on
Facebook I'll probably sell it on eBay
if none of you guys want it and then
whatever my feelings and them you guys
want it either just so you know not at
all but I just want to give you guys
first dibs at Sam Paul photography's
last cheap lens it protects your really
good lens
I just prefer I just need that extra
stop that's a one point two this is a
one point four alright guys don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other and don't forget to keep praying
for the people in Nepal remember them
guys I mean they're going through so
much right now but anyway we'll see you
guys tomorrow
me shout
for a misty
