quit walking out of my house you can
cred especially with the new pillars
honey you look great between them
there's the pillars guys what do you
guys think oh I need your opinion on
something
to live
got to give
in this together you're still deciding
on colors we think one of these is gonna
be the one but we're not gonna tell you
yet my little helpers down here it's
time to crack down and just pick on a
color you are okay so while everyone's
outside painting and working on the
house and playing I've got to come in
here and work on wreaths I have got so
many Mother's Day wreaths to send out by
Saturday still going strong in here guys
the tower keeps getting taller and
taller it's almost as tall as me see
this and I've got about let's see what
are you eating buddy
is your face eating it or your mouth no
there's no more me just thought you're
working on the rest of the post I hope
they'll be done within a few hours and
then I'll be able to start painting it's
got a prime nose then I think we may
have chosen a color I really like that
blue so we'll do that can't get any
working on the house I have women's
music oh yeah church meeting
discipleship and women's meeting what
time okay okay hey guys I just three
shower getting ready for my Bible study
and I don't want to get dirty while I
cook dinner so I'm wearing
Kona coffee apron cool I cook I can't
find my apron I'm making chicken
enchiladas tonight Sam favorite he has
been working so hard all day long I mean
he pretty much just got out of bed today
went outside and has been out there
non-stop so you just start off by
boiling two chicken breasts in a pot on
the stove
camis here to watch the kids for us
while we get some chores done
well Nana sits over there on her phone
oh wait are you so are you smoking what
are you hiding what are you hiding what
in the world is going on here
what is walking out of my house what is
walking out of my house you can cred
especially with the new pillars honey
you look great between them those the
pillars guys what do you guys think Oh
them I need your opinion on something
you're working on it all day they are a
beautiful post if you guys want to see
how I made them check out my new channel
I randomly decided to make a new channel
and it's gonna be me but building stuff
and such I feel like the house is like
really plain and it needed some curb
appeal and I think that's gonna make a
big difference I got to finish that one
obviously I ran out of the L term that's
why I haven't done this last one what do
you guys think with or without the L
trim I would love your opinions I really
would
while your chicken is boiling you want
to dice up either half of a large onion
or which one small onion what you're
talking about how to make my famous
chicken patacones
no no but I do cut them like Benji he's
from Benjamin TV man Benji is the man
wait a minute I think you're the man
wait a minute Benji what you got on this
oh my gosh what are you doing about
chair eating popcorn he's in a bad mood
today we let him sit down and watch whiz
on the bus there's a going thing that's
making them happy little guys so cranky
eep-eep eep-eep oh you be right so after
you take the chicken off the burner you
want to shred it dice it however you
prefer and then you want to sautee two
cloves of garlic and your onion the next
step is to mix together your salsa and
your sour cream 1 cup of each you want
to mix it together perfectly and then
separate it so by then you have 2 cups
worth of it and you I put 1 cup in a
little cup over here and I have 1 cup in
this bowl inside the bowl you want to
put all of your chicken 1/2 a cup of
cheese and for our outs can of chilies
all in there
this recipe makes 12 enchiladas and now
you're going to get your reserved cup of
sour cream mixture over here and pour it
on to the enchiladas top it with cheese
put it in your preheated oven at 350 for
30 minutes and bada-bing bada-boom
fashionable hair check dinner's almost
ready
check like check I'm supposed to be
leaving in about three minutes I usually
stay as long as I possibly can just in
case someone needs me around here you
know how that goes I'm sorry I'm gonna
washed out shots today I feel like our
camera is so washed out everywhere I
turn it weird I am off to discipleship
and then Bible study a night full of
refreshments for my soul and ice already
for ice
you only need to feel about out is
leaving everyone here I'm sad about that
but I'll be back new we'll have fun
without me and have a lot of yummy food
hey bruh cog in your seat buddy we're
time to eat read one paper I'm gonna see
you Symphony please what's that mom
we're doing something
put him in a seat sweetie come on guys
ok I can't do it thanks for trying you
almost did it if you could just lifting
him up a little bit higher you would
have got it ok that's what it looks like
I think that big hug he's giving her oh
this looks delicious
alright my mom would feed myself you
feed the kids simply go get a warmer
back for you Nana to the children from
Nepal oh you are yes that's great
I'm so sad about the people in a poll
and I'm just so sad about it it's
horrible if there's one thing in the
world I could do with my nursing skills
it would be to help like emergency
situations like the disaster look Nepal
I'll be out there happening and bury
people and you know giving care to the
people that need it I've just been so
sad I've been praying a lot for them and
yeah it's just such a tragic tragic
thing there's just something came and
wrap my head around families being
buried it's just you like your buddy oh
that's really good yes you do say yes I
like it yes there you go mommy made that
for us she's so sweet is it mommy so
sweet to us taking care of us taking
care of our bellies because it was up to
me we'd be eating popcorn for dinner oh
my gosh we were hungry and they don't
blow eat your food
this is kind of strange having dinner
with my mom instead of my wife
I don't know it's just kind of weird
yeah I don't mind it it's just different
you know because it's like me and I
usually have really good conversations
and we're flirting and cause the tables
up and I'm wanting to do that with my
mom it's just we're gonna accidentally
come over to uh play footsies with my
mom and she's like oh Sam you okay over
there I'm gonna smack him in a minute do
you wanna go home fever with me then eat
leaving skateboarders
it's always nice getting in this old
Toyota and you know take it for a spin
every once in a while this is the car
Andrew uses this my car but he rents it
from me but simply didn't want to go so
she stayed at home so what I'm going to
be doing is going to Home Depot picking
up some some trim that I need for the
other post I ran out of certainly
certain pieces wait what
how'd you get in here
how'd you get in here Stephanie did you
sneak in
she snuck in all right I guess you can
go so this is all the trim that I needed
and this dude what's really frustrating
guys I had to buy $20 worth of trim
because I ran like three feet short of
two different kind of trim let avram
they come now we had no room for my trim
that's the downside of taking this car
and the crit here we got paint we got
lots and lots of paint we're going to
start painting pretty soon hopefully the
next day after tomorrow what day is that
I think that's some Saturday we start
Saturday because tomorrow I have a
wedding shoot and actually if it's later
in the day if my wedding shoes later in
the day I'll go ahead and start tomorrow
hey be careful up there but yeah that's
our paint we finally chose it helped on
out Symphony that's just the blue paint
out the white paint at home so yeah
maybe I'll just do the trim tomorrow and
the blue paint the next day oh sorry
okay it's okay okay I thought I needed
two feet left of the crown molding well
I got all that done and damn that is the
only piece that I need
guess I'm going back tomorrow so I got
it all done all the crown molding at the
top and yeah Nia is still not home and
I'm still not done with the post out
there and Abram is still awake
and he's ready to go
I sleep in my bed tonight
you carry you update though 9 night
buddy
good night I love you buddy
9 night good night good night he's
sleeping now guys do what that means
need to open my package do you guys know
what the drool factor is the drool
factor says that the people who wait or
delay an event or an experience or a
consumption of a product are happier to
consume that product and the people who
don't wait and receive it immediately I
have been I guess and pulling the drool
factor all day I got this this morning
I've waited all day to open it actually
I don't even think I'm going to open it
tonight think I'm gonna open it tomorrow
and this box is just something I've
wanted for a very very long time I mean
it's been a long time since since I've
been doing a certain something since
I've been a photographer I have one of
this product and I'm just so so excited
about it I have a wedding tomorrow so I
get to use it tomorrow which is even
more exciting and well yes sir I got it
it's right here it's right there
just looking at me Stephanie sucker you
go to bed honey you clean up oh then you
don't have to I'm sorry I thought you
wanted to you don't want to all right
you don't have to well you know clean
the room though eventually all right
guys we'll see you tomorrow don't forget
we love you and remember to love each
other
