all right honey guess what I did today
guess what I did would you do pick well
guess I don't know it you have no idea
yes you bought them today my brother you
are my sister
by the same guy nobody say
not to live
we've got to give
where
and this together morning everyone
excuse my shower hair we're eating
breakfast and Sam is introducing
symphony to somebody new
this is Butterworth's she's a very very
sweet lady she's the queen of rich and
thick syrup this is not an advertisement
ever met her Louise and I won't hi Tessa
having a mommy playdate today it's been
long overdue haven't seen Tessa since
before I went to Hawaii like sure I saw
her yesterday at a year but that in Cali
Kiki oh you made a cookie pretty cookie
Abrams trying to do what the big girls
are doing Oh funny they moved all along
this side and the boys over there oh
this is looking really good Sam oh jeez
you're doing really good I love it I
love what you did on the bottom it's
different than what you were gonna do
we're just cleaning the mess oh it's
been here all for kids to know oh yeah
it's pretty clean the most part our kids
together tend to just run around in line
drag everything every single room they
take it outside but that's okay it's
really cute to watch them play earlier
they were in here on the floor and a
little huddle playing so cute yeah I'll
eat somewhere different news they're
coming you're having a picnic outside
today I just talked about these lines oh
those aren't my potatoes I'm talking
about my taquitos daddy's hungry another
tuna salmon symphony of this ongoing
inside joke thing about her fingers Rita
my taquitos for patitos hotel she used
to Sam as a baby you guys Sam has got to
show you this intricate work just don't
show me don't show me it gonna be
surprised guys I'm gonna show you that
I'm all done really yeah look you're
right you guys are gonna be shocked and
amazed at this post that he's made it is
and it's just amazing it's so intricate
I'm not sure you are it's amazing you
know kind of stressed out that I have to
do two more of them and I'm still not
done with the first one I think the
second two are gonna go by pretty quick
because this one I was trying to figure
out what I want to do with all of them
kind of drawing it all out of my head
but Nia pointed out one issue that I'm
gonna have is I didn't do any write down
any measurements of these ones so so
they might be uneven on the other two
will probably line up perfectly and
maybe be a little uneven with that one
no ok I'm hungry I'm gonna go get our
food
symphonie insisted that we had a picnic
today it is beautiful outside I said no
at first for a little while and then I
realize I'm trying to be more patient
and not say no about things so why not
let you have a picnic on a towel so she
had it all set up all right honey guess
what I did today guess what I did would
you do pick wealth gift I don't know it
you have no idea yes you bought
something today I made happen what I've
been wanting to make happen for the past
three years I requested to go part-time
that's my director what are you telling
me with food in my mouth oh my god I did
it I'm gonna part-time you're doing it
yes yes well I won't be right away
wait oh yeah don't cry honey what
happened tell me the details well I said
hey Annie I hate to be an inconvenience
I know you just hired me on this
full-time and you guys pay me the bonus
but I haven't got any of the bonus yet
so it shouldn't be an issue
but um I want to request to go part-time
and she said you know okay we could make
that work you've only been here too much
I'll have to call HR so I'm on this to
go part-time I cannot even believe it
I'm so you deserve this so much I
deliver so hard you guys don't even know
he was in school when he was in school
it was like constant non-stop studying
tests reading I mean I barely saw him
and we lived in this
how's and I was working in a more just
like time for them she's like can I ask
why I said well yes I mean my
photography is doing really well right
now and of course I got to thank you
guys for making it possible to because
we get the income from the
advertisements on our videos which makes
this possible for us so thank you guys
so much for watching us so yeah a dream
come true for me today not come true yet
but a dream in the process two upcoming
trip so I'm really excited like I said
I've always dreamed of working part time
and doing photography full-time and I
never imagined when videos - so I'll be
doing that and photography and it's just
so exciting I'm just I'm so pumped and
just so excited that I've you know stuck
to my guns I could easily be making
probably double than when I'm making now
there's so much opportunity to make
money as a nurse working overtime and
and that kind of thing but I prefer to
be at home my family and doing things
that I love like building on the house
and photography but yeah all right guys
I'm going to bed now
it is way way past my bedtime it is 3:23
p.m. okay I've been up for 24 hours I
woke up yesterday at 3 o'clock and went
to work at 7 went to work for 12 hours
came home maybe one of the posts I got
my prototype down and I got to make the
other two which I wouldn't do in the
morning so I'm gonna go to sleep now and
I think I'll probably sleep until
tomorrow morning is your to kidding but
I have a girls night tonight I'm so
excited
with the kids no your mom's coming over
oh no mommy's getting ready to go out
for girls night look what happened
someone got in my makeup you're so
pretty can I have it back now yes you
got to give it back now this is for
mommy let go let me have it can you put
the lid on for me put the lid on
thank you good job Wow pretty though
your teeth you know crazy boy okay their
dinners in the oven it'll beep in a
minute
fish sticks okay you do I love you
Symphony I'm gonna just kind of sneak
out while Abraham's in that room home
girls night we're headed for some Olive
Garden and start being are you no I am
I'm so hungry
we just had a conversation about how
responsible our form five-year-olds are
so being left alone with the parents and
grandparents in my case but anyways yes
we were just talk about leaving her
babies in the foam scary that is I had a
nightmare last night a sane he left Kade
in the car there was a big nightmare we
were flipping out but always got a
double check your car yes don't tell
your car people always always owe me I
didn't leave him in the car no she's
never done that he doesn't love to
respond Laura
anyway so we're gonna go stuff our faces
with Katie and Courtney so you guys can
see them soon and have a good evening
without our kids crazy we're out without
her kids we have four kids combined not
together just combined and we're out
without go crazy I never thought this
day would come
ha look at her
dude you were such a babe oh my gosh oh
you girls are so gorgeous always I have
like 12 questions
Sandee forgot the sushi right lady we do
I love this place
putting everything out of the way here
they come
black tie mousse chocolate brownie
mousse mmm lemon cream cake that was my
decision everyone's mad about it
cheesecake
okay this is the last dessert I'm trying
to won't have
the winner is dentally a tie between the
Cheesecake and the lemon cake I don't
know that try to grow anything really
good what's your favorite have you tried
them all yet am I just really fast this
is number one uh-huh this is a close
second we even lost any nasty haha and
these two tied for third forces they
tied for third and fourth that's my
favorite me too paw packing paper this
is hurt I thought it was before and then
the cheese game I haven't tried that one
yet I said I've tried them all this is
our waitress
what's your name they're rather that's
right the girls was trying to tell her I
was a YouTube celebrity actually has no
idea who I am
so obviously you know thank you guys
you need the reality check not me I'm
home now guys I had so much fun with my
friends I mean it was like the most fun
we've all had and forever we were
laughing so loud at some points that
like people at the tables Nexus were
like lucky like what are they doing over
there we had so much fun with our
righteous you guys get to meet her
Heather we just don't know it was just
such a fun girls night but it took like
yeah it's been a few hours since and
went to bed it's been about seven and
he's looking he's up and walking around
for a minute here but he's ready to go
back to sleep though don't forget guys I
love you I remember to love each other
you remember to go get a postcard I feel
like I had to fill in Cynthia's little
gap tonight
