my sister made by the same guy nobody
say
to live
we've got to give love
in this together one is to get the right
how are you doing what's your brother
doing in the background
well you gonna let us know cuz he looks
like he's gone a little mad I mean
you're dancing around with my battery
charger yeah we got these new fruity
pebbles and boy do they make a mess
they're so sticky they feel like they're
like extra sticky I can't get them off
of me do not buy these pop and pebbles
fizzes in your mouth with Burstyn berry
flavor
oh hi cutie gee there's like stasis
tickle bottomless easy cuz they have a
bald spot looks like it's a bald spot
from far away
whoa it makes up one loser cookie guys
isn't it so cute alright so we're out
running errands I brought sandy and
Cuffy and Kate along with us today this
nice rainy day it's so rainy but we got
our Starbucks that makes a little less
rainy
oh hey keV so they're so they're playing
house in there and they come out and
told us that they didn't kiss it was
fake these are the perks of having a boy
and a girl that are best friends in the
same age me and Sandy have to be on our
toes at all times console yay there's
our color Thank You Pat let's see you
guys gonna see if I can get it on okay
well there it is it's called Newburgh
Green who would have thought that to get
the blue gray you need if you need to
look in the green so here it is
when you say green green time to shop
you know us and look I got a hat you
guys love it I got it at Claire's I've
been owning one of these floppy hats for
a while but I'm cheapskate this was on
sale for 16 bucks paper my got you
something's been a long time coming here
you go whoa big baby thank you oh wow
let me help
whoa that's awesome dude
those are so cool
Sabrina dingo leaned on
guys no we don't come to Tangier without
riding a ride we just got back from
ballet Abram storms and doors it dad oh
there's how you distract him how do you
distract a baby from TV oh no I'm trying
to get it what do you guys want to see
what came from me today let's open the
door and see we've had way too many
storms since I've started this house
look at this I have I have my tape
coming off here looks like I have those
little fly catchers out here they're
just not a good opportunity for me to
get back to work hopefully tomorrow I'll
be able to come out here and start
painting I have the white paint I'm
definitely gonna do trim white so that's
what I'm gonna get started on we have
not chosen the wall color you got a car
today that will run try what'd you think
of the color honey I love it oh my gosh
I was so excited when she makes it in
the store open the lid up I squealed so
as you guys know I'm a full-time nurse
right and I've been doing it for three
years now full-time nursing in the ER I
recently just got a new job they hired
me on as a full-time nurse but lately
I've been thinking I want to go
part-time actually I've been thinking
about going part-time since I've started
nursing it sounds like one of the
reasons I got into nursing because the
now is good but the only reason I
haven't done part-time nursing for the
past several years is because I want to
keep our family insured got it okay
we're eating blueberries recently I
found out the job that I'm at now offers
insurance to part-time nurses so I've
been really just like mulling it over
into my head was not I should approach
the director tomorrow or today big
tomorrow Superman but and ask her what
she thinks about me going part-time the
only reason I'm just kind of reluctant
about doing this because I hired me as a
full-time nurse and they hired me with
the sign-on bonus obviously I wouldn't
get that time on bonus any more and
because I've only been there for a
couple months what do you guys think
should I do it we'll see what happens
ever since the beginning of you know me
coming into adulthood getting a job in a
career my goal has always been to gain
more time and not to gain more things I
don't you guys can see that by our lives
we don't have a bunch of fancy things
the American Way is to make more money
buy more things and then continue work
harder and harder to get more and more
things I'm kind of the officer I want to
make more like work less and be at home
more with my kids and my family so
that's what's been going in my head
lately there you go buddy what do you
think gonna be really amazing
oh the blueberry schemes just keep
getting like more and more details oh
dang guys my face has been really
breaking out lately I have some kind of
eczema or psoriasis or something going
on but it's always worse when the
weather gets colder you kind of cold
outside right now I think it may be also
because I have it really bad around my
scalper here like from hairspray what do
you guys think off to work now guys you
guys ready to see me go no never you
look ready why do I look ready
oh no it's worse than you're like yeah
ephram's been doing really good about
letting me Honea without her getting
without him getting mad leave him this
would not happen like last week yeah
this will not be happening Marnie Sam
was holding me in bed like these arms
wrapped all the way around me and
everyone understand they're watching you
in this kiss yeah trading out kisses to
us out of spooning Aaron he's just going
back and forth sure he'll do a burly
mommy daddy he's been talking about
those caterpillars have you guys
responded that they're dangerous for the
trees and you guys weren't lying look at
this stuff over here yard it's crazy
look prettier they're caterpillar like
um yes whatever or like sex I don't know
look at daddy's finger get a boo-boo huh
hey believe it
I got a uh-oh you guys won't seen my
hand there it is finally focused that's
what my fingers look like so the nails
coming in but I still have a little bit
of a hey where you going my lunch bag
give me that take him to the car for me
buddy thank you
can you put in the car thank you what're
you dressed like daddy that was really
funny right at the part where she would
have said uh
or whatever Abram did it what out the
car a hotline where is this stuff all
over your what is all this a bird
I thought ascenders the captain well
maybe you're right maybe a big furnace
yeah yeah they pick up air they dig make
of it oh there's a backyard oh really
and the dogs shredding a pit stop their
family piggyback time daddy neighbor
right there Symphony and I wanted to do
a special princess birthday shout out to
miss julia jolly she has been a
subscriber to her channel since I think
our frozen video we met her at the meet
up we did here in Dallas and she is just
such a sweet incredible girl and I am so
excited to be wishing her a happy
birthday
are you ready Symphony singing happy
birthday to the princess Julia one two
a-one two three happy birthday to you
happy birthday Julia we hope your day is
awesome you know guys I made good use of
all those boxes well not all of them yet
but I still have quite a few more weeks
to make over the next week and a half
before Mother's Day tomorrow sandy is
back for the rest of the week and we are
so excited I can't wait we are going to
get some ground work done on the house
hopefully and when I say we I mean him
pretty much because he doesn't really
let me help that much I get to watch and
bring him drinks and food and snacks so
but that's okay I like that job um
anyways guys don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
we shall just
