where's Elmo
my guys always in bed
hey you are my brother you are my sister
by the same guy
by the same
we've got to give
where I won't
in this together there's a great morning
so far other than the fact that
symphonies not here she stayed the night
with Nana tonight hey Don sweetie oh
good that's a really good devotional
last night after I text you at work it
was like I've been really trying to be
disciplined and go to bed earlier I did
two different you know studies and the
first one was over guilt and then the
second one was over you know different
things in motherhood specifically in
patients I did like a specific devotion
I found online and when I was just
interesting because before I did it I
prayed that God would you know show me
what I'm you know different things I
could do or you know just speak to me
about this whole thing happening with
symphony and my patients and he totally
did right away
trying to teach Abram how they buckle
Sabo cool buh cool
he loves buckles man he is just
entertained by these just for as long as
we need her to be he is in the shower
and I'm just entertaining him with the
buckle say buckle no say ba cool
hey Ramon II have boo-boos you have one
boo boo - boo boo three four five such a
little man with all these boo-boos oh
hey boo cool what hey cool he said it
yay ah you guys heard of on three watch
that right now oh no just getting ready
to go do my Monday grocery shopping it
is super super early I'm leaving the
house probably like three hours earlier
than I normally would and at last broke
last night in the process of the storm
so I gotta clean this up because we play
outside so much but yeah the glass is
just like everywhere the perks of
leaving for the star early great parking
spots I wasn't expecting man see what's
on Abrams priority list at the store
Abram what are we getting today well a
buggy yes are we gonna get juice it is a
windy and cold after that storm last
night it was screaming but anyway so our
agenda for the grocery store today is
pretty simple just need to get a couple
ingredients for some dinners I have
plans this week and Abram needs his
juice
this rarely happens to me but Walmart is
out of the brand of salsa verde that I
use and that's what I use inside my
chicken enchiladas which yes I'm making
that again because Sam loves it so much
and the last time I made it heating it
to eat it so I don't know should I get
world table old El Paso or on the border
goes on the border usually go with her
knees brand or however you say it that
brand okay so those of you new to our
channel have no idea what I'm going to
get in this aisle so you've been here
well know exactly what I'm going for and
it is the
blueberry blueberry family for those of
you don't know can you think of
something we need you thinking oh you
know what I want to get some mango this
has been like a healthy staple snack in
our house let me get some of that why am
i stopping at the vinegar you might ask
well here in Terrell we have something
that's known as hard water it's
basically when we wash our dishes we
have to have a really strong rinse aid
or the water will kind of like stay on
the dishes like you can see where it
rinse and it's not pretty or clean
looking so I use this distilled white
vinegar in my rinse aid section of the
dishwasher
all right buddy it's time to go bye-bye
where're we going now we're not going to
Hawaii
today we're going home watch me
magically snatch a broom from Nia's arms
doo doo doo doo yeah just like that
that's good do that real quick when we
go outside okay
doo doo doo doo doo doo ah nein nein a
broom it's okay buddy nein nein go
sleepies
ooh blueberries do you know how long
it's been since I've been out of
blueberries doubt away chicken much too
long I'm gonna try to clean up the yard
you're gonna dance like no man so much
pickup out huh hey so take my bag
here's your toy ah yeah yeah yeah yes
yes yes yeah I get an e and E gets so
jealous Oreo
they get along so well until I come
outside and then Annie starts attacking
me what you want to play with me it
looks like we left something these shoes
outside hey it's her to shreds but a
softball
where'd you get the softball I think
they probably throw it over from
neighbors okay
I'm Annie he here throw it throw it for
Annie throw for Annie oh and eat is the
ball good throw buddy ahh
well actually she did Tara shoes look at
that took the soul completely out of it
let me get Cynthia's reaction when she
comes home look guys I found the turtle
hmm hey little turtle just go show Abram
Abram I found a turtle it's a turtle do
ya say no no no yeah this is cup huh you
wanna say had a turtle look at the
little turtle head hi turtle Annie yeah
hi hey
damn I'm gonna eat this guy
so I figure if I do a trash bag every
couple days I'll have this jar pretty
clean there's no way I can get it all
done today
I guess there's away but I really don't
want to the downside of having a
neighbor with a chain-link fence like
this is there increases your
responsibility of tripping the guard
clean Annie hey say no no no yeah I'd
hate to come outside and see my
neighbor's yard full of trash so I'm
thinking about my neighbors more than
ourselves when I'm cleaning up the air
back here we have a plank fence on this
side I actually would prefer to take
this down and put a chain-link I like
the openness of the neighbors I really
like that being able to see neighbors
come outside and you know being forced
to make conversation with your neighbors
is pretty much what that allows I hate
that all these fences are being put up
separating neighbors like the taller the
better it seems like I hate that I
actually want to talk to our neighbors
about taking that fence down there's a
turtle head just trying to make an
escape I better put him back in the
woods before Oreo eat some city I want a
hug hey Bronco give me a hug Symphony
c'mere put your shoes on what's wrong
your toms you looked your toms outside
the dogs got them you could still wear
them though sweetie
look put it on put your phone in there
they're sitting these toms
you know I don't know she's gonna be sad
about it I went online to look to see if
I can find you some different ones a lot
of you guys were asking the other day
when I pulled out my SLR when I was
taking pictures of kids playing what
camera is using what lens so I'll tell
you guys real quick I was using my 5d
Mark 3 that's where I use primarily for
my wedding photography and then the lens
I was using was the 70 to 200 this
massive beauty right here and you guys
were wondering what settings I was using
I think I was using like the low
temperature by the widest aperture of
2.8 I usually keep my camera on aperture
priority that kV mode that way all I
have to do is set the aperture and it
sets the rest for you you do have to set
the ISO but it sets the shutter speed
for you and this is what I use this
morning for this morning footage come
true you guys are going to ask I use the
5d Mark 3 with this cheap 50 millimeter
lens and son it's not the cheapest post
a mid-range one what do you guys think
we're up to tonight I want pink and wine
great
we put our food coloring in too late now
that my hands are like a pinkish red
I've got a purple ball of play-doh so we
gotta let it cool and it really ought
I'm pretty hard but it'll be ok if you
want to touch it
thank you play-doh in my play-doh cool
plane oh yes you'll have another color
coming soon it's just got to cool
we made a butterfly family it's that
time of the night guys time for us to
tell you goodbye
thanks for coming along with us today
guys it seems like we had a really
jam-packed day if you liked today's
video give us a thumbs up we'd love to
see you back on our channel again and
don't forget we love you and remember to
watch this video and remember to love
each other good night
we shall just
