what's up timmy what's up Mike this up
Andrew
what's up happy Sunday morning everybody
today is Bo's birthday guys I got my
little present we still play overwatch
on xbox together I got a medal for watch
blind back how you guys doing today
trying to put on his face instead of a
necklace
it's a Silas because it's on your thigh
not your neck look at my dumb lapel guys
this is a brand new jacket I got from
Express and it keeps popping up right
there just one juliet's go to her class
again we'll see baby jewel
so
19th at 2 p.m. or ear-to-ear her luck
when I reach kids over to their senses
I had to sneak away to check on Juliet
God is going to announce his son into
dynamically different but powerful ways
in Luke 2 10 and 12 the angel said to
them fear not for behold I bring you
good news great joy that will be for all
the people for unto you the child is
born in the City of David a savior who
is Christ the Lord this will be the sign
for you will find the baby Juliet that's
so well in a class guys were so proud of
her to glass God maybe she was hungry
also last time she had teachers she's
never seen before they used to go to
juicy with us when she was a tiny baby
but today we're two people from our GC
that she's used to Isaac Luria just
picked her up took her into class at
school yeah it makes a big difference
is this let's see it come on
Oh
as the modern world closes in this could
be the great brown bears last stronghold
to protect this extraordinary species
researchers have to learn more about its
secret life deep within the forest and
quickly
Lincoln Logs this was my go-to - where's
the kids if they still closed these all
the time as a kid we had so many of them
creating a best pro before we go do some
shop and maybe see Santa call symphony
as they eat mashed potatoes because a
tooth is coming out
or so broken it just kind of separated
from the gums a little bit
oh yeah it's coming out soon
we just met a family guy she's sitting
right over there I'm gonna call her out
and embarrass her to tell her that she's
on the call
found a normal Christmas lunch was so
good and now I have a little early
Christmas surprise for you babe
for me for you early Christmas present
for me yeah it's in this envelope oh
come on yeah well driving well I mean
it's kind of something that I thank you
my want to open up now yes to take out
any new toilet that you want no yes
any toilet in the whole store whatever
you want to do you can get any shape any
loudness any lid any flusher that you
want
don't play with me don't play like that
oh man I'm so excited guys we're wasting
any time right now do you want to come
enjoy this with me I'm so excited my
wife just told me that she's getting a
new toilet for Christmas so I get to go
pick any toy thank you guys look at that
huge selection Wow aren't they beautiful
any true he knows the way to my heart
oh wow guys I think I found the one
beautiful I'll use it every time
no I break it in maybe it's called a
simmer on the color simmer on because
I'm gonna sit on it
so you get out from there come on that
might be somebody else's toilet you're
standing on somebody's toilet it's
disgusting
actually I think I like this one our
bathrooms really small so we can't put a
negated bowl in there but they have this
compact elongated bowl so the tank is
really small this one right here it's
the most expensive toilet here I know
how much is on that gift card but she is
a beauty Wow she's a beauty right guys
plus just four times the more than the
average adult needs the average adult
needs
it's really happening guys I'm going
home with a brand-new toilet go to the
ride
so much
say we go home and install it we say
they're coming out time for you to go
okay guys and while Sam fixes the tear
hole toilet like what I'm doing laundry
of course but it's a little more fun and
exciting this time we are having friends
over for dinner tonight we're doing
picnic under the tree although we're
gonna do it in houses Nicole I'm just
gonna find Sam's onesie so we can wear
our matching jammies how Sam's crusty
underwear Sam I can't find your onesie
anywhere I found the whole family oh
there it is I found it yes look at Sam
putting his stuff away where it belongs
golly I'm this giant mound of laundry
over here I mean who does have a giant
mound of laundry right right all right
you guys have giant piles of laundry
right sitting around your house so you
haven't gotten to in days right anyways
I didn't explain that very well and we
are gonna have jammy night in with our
friends and so you know wearing our cute
clothes or whatever we're all dressing
up in our jammies dressing up dressing
down whatever
can I just add that's the best dinner
party there is ever ever ever ever
guys we've had a disaster look it
doesn't work anymore babe I hate to say
this but I think you're the culprit Sam
cook breakfast this morning and I think
the heat from it I don't know I mean I
cooked breakfast yesterday so it could
have been my fault but crock pots
rolling
to go Stillwater
she's the best Christmas of my life it's
just like whispering
sit the wax right steel bottom of the
toilet but you don't smell it as you
flush after you flush and I'm pretty
sure it goes this way find an upright
there yeah
this thing here thing here
Wow
get ready hear how she sounds flushing
first courtesy flush honey wow thank you
so much honey I love it look at that
it's a compact alone gated toilet
elongated elongated it's not the quiet
close I could update that but it's a
one-piece toilet except the top of
course
alright guys family meeting let's pause
this listen up and listen closely cuz
ready neither one of you are allowed to
sit on my toilet without my explicit
permission got it thank you sir only
here got it from you symphonie i won
here got it Stephanie
so friends over tonight we're gonna do
our little Carl and snowman and I have
these little cups that I got and I'm
trying to do our names all and pretty
right I did mine first just to make sure
it's gonna turn out okay so now I'll do
our first guest you guys can't see it
because I'm left-handed
but there's and her name's Andrea
got a little area here for our soup all
set up soups over there gotta get the
table presentable and I've got 11
minutes that's okay I mean some big deal
if it's not already and just throw the
tablecloth on we're supposed to be in
our jammies oh and they're not done
drying tray looks kinda like an arm but
that's okay are you guys are both your
guests gosh honey we're gonna play what
the means no what do you mean not I mean
they're all wearing a family pajamas
okay
they all have family jammies on we all
have family jammies on this is our first
meme camarillo when your outfits on
point but your date cancels on you I
never never never
I'll take my meme thank you I am winning
hashtag winning hi guys I'm gonna play
my piano phone
Oh
thank you guys I had a lot of fun with
you guys that was really fun
don't forget to hit subscribe so then
watch it yeah we're making our own
videos well the cameras back in my hands
now hopefully you enjoyed Symphony says
man we're getting ready to boil a Carl
sorry Carl after tonight you will be no
more of this little guy is full of hot
cocoa and marshmallows apparently we're
gonna melt time you know boil him melt
him in some milk it is almost 8 o'clock
at night I don't know what we're
thinking we're doing it Lucy are you
gonna do comment of the day with us it's
time for comment the day isn't Lucy such
a cute dog you guys I'm sad that she's
going home I really love her Lucy you so
cute we have been dog-sitting Lucy for
Matthew and Andrea for the last two or
three days she's going home tomorrow
yo yo Sammy Jo Jo you got that comment
on today on I'm Paulie comment Ali of
the day goes to Caitlin Stevens I dread
Christmas the most Caitlyn that is so
sad I hope that some help through this
vlog or maybe tomorrow's vlog or
yesterday's vlog you found a little bit
of Christmas cheer through our family's
endeavors and events I know firsthand
that Christmas can be really sad when
you lose loved ones especially
grandparents or maybe younger members of
the family I just want to encourage you
to pick one little joy of the day if
you're struggling like Caitlyn is one
little joy out of your day you can be
the fact that the mailman dropped off a
package or
think about baby Jesus
cute he must have been that is cute just
something it can be a tiny little thing
and let that just guide you or carry you
through the rest of your day a little
piece of hope can go a long way you just
got to choose to see it I question of
the day guys
did you see the new Star Wars movie did
you like it let us know in the comments
below we haven't seen it yet no we
haven't and don't worry about the
spoiler so we don't care alright guys
don't forget we love you and remember
the love each other I tried to mimic
your move as you did it and follow you
did I do good studies that you must
Joseph we would take you for Ferdinand
please symphony and I we are off to
Oklahoma for time I think Abram has his
heart set on this alright buddy what do
you think now do you want to do a little
bit of Christmas shopping
