good morning guys guess what time
addition it is 951 and we are literally
all like ready to walk out the door I
have some spare time to heat up my
coffee
Sam's finishing out some breakfast over
there I think this day goes down in
history we don't ever leave for church
on rent and Sam woke up really sick this
morning I don't even think he was going
to go with me so I pretty much got the
kids ready by myself and then he hopped
out of bed and we're just all gonna go
so excited this was like the most
perfect Sunday I'm so happy you are my
sister made by the same guy love butter
say
got to move
to give love
the world
in this together and an added bonus
millions if any kind of abs and the boys
Sam and Avram really do mesh look at
those matching gray pillows ignore the
floor Sunday mornings are kind of a whoa
bless you Andrew bye guys thank you hey
just come home with us you're going for
me this there yeah I'm proud man again
not another chance with us so we're on
our way to church well we are on our way
to unite as a church need to have been
talking about the meaning of church and
church is in a church building so you
can't really be on your way because we
are the church we're part of the church
when you say you're going to church like
most people do is suggest that you're
not a part of the church that you're
just going to the church but we are the
church by kit Shh
I have an announcement to make okay I
came out this week I have to be an adult
okay I have to act like an adult so I
need you guys to treat me like I'm an
adult okay you have to talk to me just
like I don't know like Nia can you guys
do that for me today yeah
oh these are going to be really awesome
oh and I've got a toothbrush in two days
what already Network okay thank you very
much for helping me pack so I'll be good
I'll see you guys when I get back from
my trip okay hi mrs. Mia he was leaving
me Jesus left to when he ascended into
heaven he told the disciples that he
would be back someday and Jesus always
keeps his promises
you can make friends Billy but by
Tiffany we love you sweetie you guys
going out to eat where are you going
Chipotle to eat burritos you see the
dead we don't need no fair I gotta go
home and go to bed
I want to miss you I love you
BYE MOM love you baby - no nicely like
this I have to go to work instead of
work on the house hey buddy let's go
home this I hold in my hand guys is the
ticket to potty training for today Abram
has been on a little hiatus since Hawaii
he just got my attention is diverted and
I convinced him to sit down and try to
go potty if I put batteries in one of
his to cheer emotes I just got these
batteries the other day but he got a
premiere to sit down you have to sit
down buddy that didn't work
did you go poopoo in the potty seat no
you did it where did you go poopoo your
diaper I'm telling you guys he was going
so strong and steady every single day
doing at least one poopoo a day in the
potty I know you guys are really here to
hear about this but I was so proud of
him he was 17 months old when he first
started and he did it for a while and
then we went to Hawaii and I didn't you
know practice anything at all with him
now that we're back I haven't really
been practicing and like working as hard
to get him to go on the party there's
that update for you guys it is gorgeous
outside today it's borderline like hot
like I want to jump in a pool Tommy and
Abram are just gonna hang outside here
just me in the bubs symphonies at Nana's
when symphonies at Nana's Avery was kind
of like a different baby like part of
the time he's kind of like sissy sissy
but then in another way he's like really
bonded to me not like he's needy he's
still really independent that's the
thing he's a little bit more independent
but he's like love's not anymore like
he'll just come up and kiss me or he'll
just like wall ago he just looked at me
and he put his arm around me and like
squeezed me oh my god I think because he
has me to himself he feels a little more
confident like he doesn't have to fight
for my attention what I'm getting
spoiled no symphonies at nanos you came
over here stole my seat does he buy you
again see his reaction when I go back
three this is a parent thing watch where
is it not yet the time has come yeah
looks like it well what do you mean to
move it over Sam's checking the weather
to see if we need to take his wood in
the house or cover it with something at
least we have a big huge piece of
plastic I could probably cover it up
with work at the back um by the back
door
oh yeah are you gonna be late for work
because you're concerned about your wood
well have fun with a broom
oh I will I was just a little guy yes we
miss symphony we've been talking a lot
about Symphony I'll throw you guys
aren't after Sam leaves get over here oh
here's a little guy I need a kiss oh hey
close the door for me you said yes I
will push it good job strong baby thank
you
this dollar will guide you same bye to
the back of your hand mmm
okay guys so this thing with Symphony
now that Sam is going to work I feel
like I should just talk about it I'm
kind of feeling down inside basically
the last few day Symphony has been
acting out a little bit she's just been
doing things that are not like her and
that to me show bad behavior which I've
always felt like Symphony had a really
good character and good behavior so
these last few days I've just been
questioning like what's going on with
her what are we doing differently or
what are we doing wrong and I have not
been getting a lot of sleep at night
like ever like in the past I don't know
month I feel like you know I haven't
gone to bed on time Stan went back to
work last week I had a really hard time
sleeping and getting back on schedule
and so I think my sleep deprivation is
causing me to be impatient like way more
impatient than she's used to and then I
should be you know it just boils down to
I really want to have some kind of
excuse to say oh it's okay you know she
still shouldn't be done but so basically
having that realization caused me to
feel a little down on myself I feel
really bad about it anyway so that's
kind of what's been going on with me
today in the past couple of days with
symphony any of you moms out there ever
really like feel that way you know like
because of something that you did you
need to make a change it's just kind of
make making a big difference in your
household or within your kids behaviors
and attitudes let me know about it in
the comments below
oh you know it's just the life he is
just the cool zone
okay gonna coolest baby on the block
what is that a broom which me joy please
baby's feet he came in here and said
momma's feet oh you like him cookie I'm
sharing the popcorn secret recipe with
Sandy and cuz I really wanted to see his
reaction to it
what do we make in a room oh oh yeah
that's right for silicon what are we
gonna do now a room well read a book yes
so as you saw the other night our new
method with Sam did not work so we're
back to nursing and now we read a book
I've been reading a little bit longer
books before he goes to bed because it
seems to calm him from longer tonight
we're reading simple first words let's
say our colors buddy he's learning but
blue is his easiest color right now he
knows that one the best
baby
hey guys see this is my night this is
what I have ahead of me until I get to
close my eyes into slumber thanks for
hearing me out earlier guys about the
stuff going on with Symphony
I talked with Sandi about it a little
bit she was really reassuring and
encouraging she always says she's so
great but she was just telling me you
know you're a great mom don't dwell on
it just change the things you want to
change and don't worry about it anymore
anyways guys hope you've all had a
really awesome day thanks for coming
along with us on this semi lazy Sunday
it's been so nice and don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
Oh
