Oh
played by the same guy love butter stay
left
in this together good afternoon fan
basic words that you're eating popcorn
yes from the stovetop and I just got
back from the store to buy some trim you
guys want to see how my rack held up I
built another one this morning there's
the other one I built and I clamped them
down with C clamps I got two of them up
there
now I'm off to put wood across my roof
anymore and I have something to tie it
down to which is really nice they held
up really good see there's all my wood
do you do it all that wood is four sides
of the house different trim them and put
some trim up there in the gable thanks
for let me know what that's called guys
I really appreciate that and then I'm
gonna build some nice trim around our
posts I'm gonna do something fancy with
them make them look really kind of
Craftsman style posts out here I got
some trim over here for a really good
price and a really nice piece of trim
that was their last piece and they sold
it to me 25 cents a foot
it's like perfect for what I need it for
I'm really excited about that piece but
um yeah I'm gonna do something really
cool with these I think I'm gonna work
on that today we're gonna go get paint
let's go now we go see we found the home
depot race car hop on in babe hey
he doesn't like you
you got serious about it all of a sudden
yes we are at home do you fell again how
many times we come to Home Depot I think
I come here more than Andrew and Andrew
works here yeah we're gonna pick out
some paint I think we're gonna wrote the
great think it will run DJ boy cause you
guys don't like blue we didn't need it
was just too dark and then we thought
about cream our neighbor came over she
said she was so jealous because we were
gonna have white a white brick home but
we're like sorry break to you we're
actually not painting it white a lot of
you suggested that instead of blue we go
in three blue I'm kind of looking at
these shades right here I couldn't have
in my mind exactly what we should get
but dude this is a cool bath it has like
two layers I've actually never seen this
here Home Depot we've been here so many
times with the kids it's our first time
using it they're new okay because Louis
has them I know that much but Home Depot
I've never seen in heaven so you scan
the barcode and then your color pops up
and you could do Oh baby because how do
you paint colors exterior you pick the
house that you want to paint see pick
that house you have your color selected
and you select what you want to paint
the house at that part
you could pick the pallets out yeah so
we want cream there's more so we did
this one looks like red and paint that's
crazy
and then the rest would be like cream
just like that yeah I don't really like
that red that looks good actually looks
okay actually it's yeah 30 minutes later
we're looking at hand cream as the wall
color and blue trim I like pretty cool
our blue shutters really I like that you
do so bright face too dark
I don't like over
yeah
oh my gosh your blue lips Oh Tiffany
very nice back home we got a sample of
paint here it's called norwich ii and
blue it's a greyish blue and we're gonna
try it on the house here we go let's do
this
what dude on the other side cutie I do
like it
it's kind of gray
yeah we need more of a blue-gray no I
don't know actually I like it
let's get it closed up guys
I don't know ya know it's kind of
powdery
you're wanted to go with the paint she
said let's just go ahead as well
probably need about 40 now
I said no we probably should get a
sample first
and now she doesn't like it I didn't say
I don't like it
I feel like it's still a little lighter
than what I want like I want a deeper
darker you know
it's not that great it's actually got
some blue to it it really does no I kind
of like it I do like it Sam
what do you guys think we just finished
dinner and we're playing outside
spending a lot of time outside I wanted
to show you guys how busy I have been
with my reading and this is not even
half of it in the past few days I've
made this one this one and that one I
love this one it's like the perfect
nautical spring looking breeze at the
coral I made this one which is being
auctioned off on my read page right now
as we speak
stir really good I'm really proud of
that within this one right here for the
lovely Fairbanks family some of you guys
will remember them from past blogs and
tonight I'm gonna make it even more oh I
have a couple more in here I'll show you
guys this one right here I'm super proud
of this is my first all denim wreath and
I did it like rag style so I just cut up
strips of denim and put it around the
wreath and added some burlap just for
like you know a country looking touch
and there's another one that's only
halfway done oops there's that one too
just all over the place in the words of
Symphony daddy this is so fancy it looks
so good so far Sam is so crafty with his
woodworking what's wrong I'm done no
you're not what's going on what's wrong
with it what are you trying to tell
daddy
Sam always surgeries really like complex
projects and he's really excited then he
starts doing it the complexity gets to
him a little bit but he always ends up
perfecting it yeah ray cheese playing
with the kiddos such a poster and Jeff's
here too hey Jeff
decked out in yellow even your watch I
noticed Oh what are you doing let me see
who is that ready
ray ray who's that that's dad yeah
that's pretty close
like you're like you're a basketball
player one take you think basketball you
must take a watch out Andrew basketball
shoes everyone watch basketball Brown
basketball
hey bruh where you going basketball
decided to build these little um huh I
don't know what these are called either
but they're just decorative parts of my
post check it out so this is how it was
and I'm adding these to the bottoms of
them trim to the top I'm still working
on a lot of holes in it I regret that I
should glue them but um now I'm gonna
put some base trim down here likes like
so around there and then I'm gonna put a
miniature one of these at the top up
there so these are gonna be really nice
post when I'm done with columns really
excited about turning not really good I
just got a cleanup out here we're still
crying in there
he just won't give it up he's not like
screaming his head off or anything it's
just kind of like an on-and-off wine
he knows what gets us Craig really
really hard for like a minute we go and
sing to him he's really playing that
card tonight trying to be strong out
here I sang him wheels on the bus twice
I even included Elmo on the bus goes he
started laughing I thought it was okay
when I threw him the thing start crying
games well he started crying a little
bit after I looked at him he's oh he's
always okay right when you leave the
room and then he waits about five
minutes and starts crying because he
wants us to come back this is cute thank
you
are you making that for for you joking
about me make it read sir myself I'm so
stressed out about the house I haven't
thought about mother's house could be my
Mother's Day gift seriously just take me
out for a really nice yummy meal I like
the sound of those I'm serious don't
worry about it
absolutely Mother's Day gift I just want
a really yummy millon Cheesecake Factory
but anyway that's two weeks right now
I'm worried about the house so we did
get a sample did you guys like what we
put on the wall
no way no for me too gray I'll slip in
wait til on today there's no way I'm
gonna go to bed at a decent hour so I
think I'm just gonna continue working
outside try to get the next one down
what hopefully not buy a broom actually
can you move all the wood stuff to the
back and take measurements thank you
better off anyway don't forget guys we
love you and remember to love each other
