What's Wrong Abram yeah my sentiments
exactly buddy another rainy day in Texas
my brother you are my sister made by the
same guy
we've got to last
we've got to give
where I won't
in this together okay Baba anyone's car
back you want to play in the rain no you
want your car you own your car daddy
will go save it
your dad's gonna go save your car okay
Go Daddy yay daddy no I can see it yeah
yeah your car don't wheel up inside now
doing only what is car so bad
baba now what do you want forgot the
power wheel now oh no we wouldn't have
everything up here in a second I'm in
the aisle at my side you want to ride
your bike up here well he won't up to
the rain now is digging in the mud isn't
so cute one of the perks of having a
daddy and husband as a photographer's
face I love it I love it that we have
these memories blink it down I love this
shot who is he
oh so cute so what's on the agenda for
today honey just kind of chilling out
actually I'm really excited guys I'm
super motivated because I've been
getting a lot of Mother's Day wreaths
orders and I'm gonna go get the supplies
for it today and I just am so excited
some rope you should make one for
yourself for Mother's Day a great mother
oh thank you no I'll let you get me
anything I like rainy days guys are just
unpredictable like yesterday if I knew
that it was going to rain today I would
have made plans but my plans in my head
were to go outside and work on house but
I can't so we got it you know be
spontaneous today and of course the
other benefit of rainy days is getting
to sit around and be lazy and catch up
on other family bloggers speaking of
which I just discovered a really cool
family bloggers on YouTube their channel
name is clintus TV they have two
children and they recently hit a hundred
thousand subscribers and it was just
really cool such a cool video he made
it's called new dirt bike for Dad
100,000 subscribers so he went out and
bought a brand new dirt bike for his
100,000 subscriber celebration is really
cool they're about to go on a camping
trip but I'm really enjoying these vlogs
he's just so good at vlogging I'm just
like man I wish I was that good in front
of the camera you guys should definitely
go check him out clintus dot TV i'm
gonna put a link to his channel in the
description and probably a link to that
one video because you guys need to check
out it's really fun those very few
vlogging channels that I enjoy and he's
definitely one of them that's a big
knock he's serious
go in come in see you later
what is he doing here when he comes in
for Mama thank you he farts on your bed
jump no we made some plans today I take
the kids over Nana's house Nana's gonna
watch Abram and sent me for a little bit
I'll need uh some ring shopping you
guess who's coming along with me if
every shopping I am me I volunteered
come on I gotta empty your trash yeah
pebbles
pippy's poppy Zimmer I moved on the TV
set yeah my mom really like to pitch our
tech of sectioning Haven playing in the
mud this morning oh gosh she's the best
picture I've seen so far play together
she can't get over she keeps like
texting me Sam Sam I love that picture
please blow it up for me for Mother's
Day
oh that's what I do bright and beautiful
your eyes they're so why you look so
cute you guys want to see check out my
Instagram at sample photo look at the
crane truck these are perfect for a
little man even with a backhoe that's a
backhoe
did you see the cement truck look at the
cement truck all right guys we'll see
you later this is what happened last
night by the way when I try to put him
down
we're just too sad I couldn't do it
oh my I had to get near before I went to
sleep so yeah I don't think that new
routine is gonna work out I thought you
guys about
neither burlap ribbons 50% off I came
today
oh really she already knew I guess I'll
just shut up and go my own way
so a lot of you guys had shared the
sunflower breeth look with Nia on like
our Facebook page and she's gonna go
ahead and make it I'm making like 10
within the next like three or four days
to ship out before our Mother's Day Wow
I'm having a hard time finding the right
shade of yellow and so I only have the
burlap and yellow but they don't have
the a paper mesh she thought about this
mesh ribbon right here but that's real
mesh and it's not gonna look the same
and it's really yellow yeah it's not
this yellow is it really a happy medium
between Easter this is dark I don't know
I told her she should just go with this
right here
haha no actually you guys wouldn't know
what he suggests this right awesome on
sunflower do this one with a cool right
guys come on he is trying to tell me to
be careful in the woodshop just because
I dropped a saw on my foot while I was
wearing flip-flops and I cut one of my
toes and now I got a bandaid on she's
telling me to be careful yes I am
because does that make sense to you guys
what they're gonna think it makes in me
and I are going to take advantage of
this time of Mommy watching our children
and we're going to go sit and relax at
lifehouse sip on some hot sweet coffee
and drink some romantic novels when I
say romantic
and I say drink romantic novels I meant
read romantic novels and what I mean by
romantic novels is these kind of novels
this is forgotten in God it's about the
Holy Spirit is such an awesome book I'm
completely captivated I just want to
keep on reading so that's what we're
gonna go to right now
what are you gonna read you get a book I
didn't get what you were supposed to get
a craft book I know they're $25 yeah you
weren't supposed to get a credit so I'm
reading this book all forgotten love
it's about the whole spirit and I came
across this passage that's kind of
relatable to our family right now with
the caterpillar falling out of trees and
stuff this guy was wondering what
caterpillars sing when they're walking
around on the ground he says for all its
character like the crawls around the
small patch of dirt and up and down a
few plants then one day it takes a nap a
long nap and then what the world must go
through its head when it wakes up to
discover it can fly what happened - it's
dirty pulp little wooden body what does
it think when it sees its tiny new body
and gorgeous wings as believers we ought
to experience this kind of astonishment
when the Holy Spirit enters our bodies
we should be stunned in disbelief over
over becoming a new creation with the
spirit living in us as a caterpillar
find his new ability to fly you should
be thrilled over our spirit and powered
ability to live differently and
faithfully lives we gonna script from
the voice barrier that is the one again
come save the Holy Spirit comes lives
within you
and that should give me wings physically
so we're here to pick up the kids at
Nana's house you guys are probably
wondering what happened Tuesday momma
was supposed to go to Florida but like
at the last minute she decided nothing
our next home you got a town-wide
they're all wondering well David a night
row I say don't need me as much as they
did so I decided to stay home and get a
job so that's what for now that's what
we're doing
all right cook we're good to have you
mom I'm glad to be home that's kind of
funny I'm just so random was like that
next day she said I decided not to go
for some standard well if I'm in home
where to drive like 5 miles per hour
look at this rain my taping job is still
holding up hopefully the windows won't
get all soggy and fall down on the way
home city was like I don't want to run
in the rain oh so you're learning to
read this morning she said yeah but this
was a disaster and she's right this my
friends is a disaster tonight is perfect
weather to break out the popcorn right
right guys oh good yeah Debra okay so me
and I eat a lot of popcorn and we go
through like a box of 22 of them and a
couple weeks right and since we're
trying to watch our figures see try and
watch our figures here we're using the
coconut oil left TiVo and we're using
this light salt that Nia picked up it's
50% less sodium which is good but it's a
good source of potassium but it's not
sea salt sea salt doesn't have iodine in
this does iodine in it so we're keeping
the iodine and in the yellow popping
corn I wonder why it's called yellow
what does it mean this is the way oh
yeah you shouldn't use too much just
enough to coat the bottom you got a cute
this bag it has a little mouth right
here you have to worry about Terry open
the top cool
gonna pop no I think yes one what
super-hearing don't you see the popcorn
don't touch this very so popping making
them very much to me is it good it's
good you see I mean you like it I just
has fun with nothing on it no like
there's like packaging material yeah Wow
there's our fresh popcorn without all
the chemicals just to kind of dangerous
chemicals and microwavable popcorn the
one that you smell is the artificial
butter it's really dangerous for your
lungs you not supposed to inhale that
too much and then the other one that
coats the inside of the bag which is
said to be a carcinogen it causes
bladder cancer prostate cancer and stuff
like that they say so this is a lot
safer probably a little bit healthier
too of course because we're not using
all the butter
yep pickles with it tada all right guys
so we're going to sit here and enjoy our
fresh popcorn with some pickle juice
don't forget guys to check out clintus
TV i put a link in the description let
me know we saying guys over there go
congratulate him on 100 thousand
subscribers and on thanks for coming
along with us today guys don't forget we
and remember to love each other and and
don't forget we love you and remember
to buy discount popcorn
he shouts
Oh
