kind of weird to talk about it sorry hi
there is guys you've been waiting for
forever but it's really neat being here
with my kids and watching them do things
that I did as a kid as well that's his
backstory guys that's my brother you are
my sister
made by the same guy now by the same
we've got to give
I don't know
and this together morning guys
I woke up to a very wet outdoors but I'm
very pleased to see that my taping job
all along the roof it's still in place
look at that this is like the third
downpour we've had since I take it it's
kind of coming down but all I have to do
is flip it up when I when I go to spray
it but before we do anything we're have
a surprise coming up for one of the
viewers there is a woman who lives
pretty close to us and she said her
daughter's always on the lookout for
she's always wandering around our area
hoping that she'll see us going to like
chick-fil-a and sweet frogs and stuff we
like to go to or sonic Sam started
singing the song shook me all night long
and we've having this debate right now
so he was singing I don't know what the
words come for but he was like but those
that mannequin thighs manicured oh no no
no he said I'm Anakin and I was like
what it's American Miley I saw a head
start commenting you're American
anyway we're about to arrive at
Starbucks to meet Maria our one of our
viewers she wasn't fat she kept some
period here do you see anybody
they got here
oh hi this is a big group of them hi
Maria your mom set this up hey bro the
superstar hi Maria summary is the first
viewing get your mom to start watching
awesome how old are you man I am
fighting so hide yourself in the future
Lemuria was it a surprise at all to see
us or did you kind of expect it no not
at all
no it's because my mom said that
yeah we were planning this for a month
it's not even your birthday early
birthday
say hi to her does a little girl in
there who watches our videos right there
in the green I'm trying to get simply
tell her hi her mom just told us that
she saw us here so how did they get here
meeting Maria and her family was so much
fun they were so sweet and so loving to
our kids it was just so awesome meeting
people who like they felt like they
already knew us really well and it's
always different because we don't know
too much about their life so we're
trying to get to know them while they're
like talking about things they already
know funny thing is right after we did
that little meet up with him
you want another pickle we went and had
lunch at chick-fil-a and while we were
there we don't recognize my like three
different people we took pictures with a
couple different guys who wanted to show
their girlfriend and him another one's
wife because they were like we have got
to show them proof that we saw you here
and then we met another mom and her
daughter Sophie and she said her
daughter was like how did they get here
like how did we get out of the computer
and into chick-fil-a is so cute
symphony and her got to play in a little
play place area it was so much fun now
we're home the kids just woke up from
their nap and we're having snack time
and then we're gonna go see bball and
pop off yeah look girl sing it just
finish coke in the back of the house all
cocked and now I got to get up on the
roof and do all that so I'm done working
for today and by the way did not clean
the yard yesterday I don't know why I
said that I didn't I don't know I guess
I forgot to do I made something for my
car so I could load wood on top of the
roof because I have a truck this is what
I made like this how much racks cost for
cars expensive so what will happen is
we're going here like this see see help
this right on there he's really nice and
snug it's perfect but I still think I
should have made this little bit thicker
this part maybe left about this much
maybe half instead of all that I did but
it's gonna do what I needed to do pretty
cool right guys ah I'm such a cheapskate
we're here at Bebo's now hey bebo hey
how are you doing I'm good
she spoiled the kids as always symphony
got a new doll
oh you can't take her hair damn she's
just gonna take the headband oh okay
she got Abram his favorite thing ever -
- yeah he loves it it was cool pack of
gum I found on Bevo's nightstand here
testaments isn't that cool
making it focus here have you guys heard
of testaments bubblegum
it says pass the word and on every one
there's a scripture on the back mm-hmm
I can testify no better some good gum I
can't go without showing you some old
pictures of Nia that's the knee I knew
in high school right there there she is
again look at that sweet girl he's so
cute there she is again
in the sweet face boom I see you I don't
have a gun it's okay I shot a bunny one
time oh wait no my brother did there he
is
we were up camping and we're trying to
live off the wild my brother shot the
bunny we both had a shot out of get out
of the way let him do it because he was
adamant and he had a gun so I stepped
aside but anyway he shot it and we
cooked him and we made some rabbits - I
made the rabbit stew with wild onions it
was really good did you see him watch
your step see the bunny go get the bunny
what's the difference between a rabbit
and a bunny you guys know I don't I
guess a bunnies fictional and a rabbit
we used to come out here all the time as
kids me and my cousins they live right
over there and or they did now they're
grown up but we used to come out here we
just spend like an hour over here trying
to get honey out of the honeysuckles I'm
gonna get one
I can't do with one hand
honeysuckles bring back memories of me
and my brothers getting off the school
bus and on our way home it we had quite
a walk to get home and those
honeysuckles all of the trees like this
and we said all we saw all stop together
and just suck on honeysuckles like that
one had a lot of honey on it guys baby
baby daddy say everything's so gorgeous
and cute you can't stand it
uh-oh look sharp dangerous sharp to be
careful well don't stab your finger with
it one house in the nature so bad oh
goodness
put the little stringy thing oh well you
broke it all in half you're supposed to
pull that part out and set the honey out
of that anything looking for the bunny I
think anything yeah I don't either oh my
goodness look him back whoa it's so
strange seeing Avram on this road I used
to ride my bike up and down this road
this is the house I grew up in for those
who didn't know I was raised by people
and pawpaws you know um they're actually
my grandparents my mom actually passed
away when I was little here at this
house and so I I already lived here with
her
these are her parents and they just they
adopted me when I was three and so I've
always been here with them I just you
know transformed into my parents at a
young age kind of weird to talk about it
sorry hi there is God you've been
waiting for forever but it's really neat
being here with my kids and watching
them do things that I did as a kid as
well that's news backstory guys that's
it what a sweet lady I have
Abram like this little car it's a little
car in a car here on the water he will
always find the water that's true he
will look at this like it's true he's
like a white he's like a water boy what
did he call oh yeah oh yeah I guess so
the water diviner uh everyone's trying
to speak in sentence yeah say oh mama
Papa ah mama Papa that's my first time
here you speak in a sentence does I call
buzzer sentence
say bye bye Abraham gonna say bye papa
yeah
budget me so Abram and I have been doing
this nightly routine where we watch
wheels on the bus before it goes to bed
each night but tonight a little bit
different we're starting something new
this is how we're saying goodnight to
him instead of mommy putting him down
and nursing him before bed I'm gonna be
the one in charge of putting him down
for the next probably week or so lately
he's been screaming and just screaming
when Mia puts him down and I guess it's
because they want to keep nursing she
bring a little nightgown huh this is
really just a dress bound and won't need
it for a nightgown
well looks like a night young me dance
like that by letting her watch daddy I'm
gonna start on putting her
because they're asleep because um that's
what I do
Sam sometimes you know Sam before you go
to sleep not do I just pretend them
doing yeah show me how show hate percent
oh you just hold up to like that
you pretend to listen hi this is how a
dreamers that is so precious meeting you
would be such a great mommy
just like mommy is huh
don't forget guys we love you remember -
any traffic oh my gosh guys she actually
said it right this time
do you wanna remind it was something
else and go for game
but there mister
we shall just
