dirty okay why is it okay good after
that work rescue workers get dirty so
you're just gonna smear it on their
purpose you are my sister
made by the same guy loved by the same
yard we've got
yes ma'am
to give
where I won't
in this together yes it's a daily thing
now you guys know my name okay
simply jumped up from the table and ran
to go get Elmo's like he has to blow his
nose in game to me suck here yellow
yellow Oh Mario Wow real good job Abram
yellow how do you home school and get
housework done at the same time well you
give your kids a colorful snack and
while you do the dishes they can't take
a bite unless they tell you what color
they're putting in their mouth so sorry
cool opera so I'm having Symphony look
at the ones that Avram picks up and
she's telling him what color and when
she puts one in her mouth just to tell
me it in English and in Spanish good job
he said I don't you guys heard it he's
happy about this me okay blue I swear
y'all my motivation to do the dishes is
like this big today I mean usually I can
just knock it right out and today I've
been like slowly sipping on my coffee
making up food snack learning games the
kids I mean uh you found a caterpillar
first thing outside on Earth Day whoa
cool Wow he's a big one my girl loves
these caterpillars we're gonna spend
some time outside this morning playing
and discovering things it's Earth Day we
got some some time outside on Earth Day
I really really really miss Sam on these
days like I loved having him out here
working on the house we're all just
chit-chatting and hanging out eating
lunch out while he's working
here's another caterpillar symphony
there on the seat
Earth Day experiment number one Symphony
wants to catch as many caterpillars as
you can on one big leaf but the problem
is finding one huge leaf you see some
big Leafs in there oh yeah here let's
pull it down oh good job you got it good
job sweetie do you see caterpillars
Abraham's a caterpillar every year
hahahahaha Joey so while the kids are
playing and the gorgeous weather
prevails I am going to clean out our
are it's a good time for me to do that I
really am not good at cleaning out the
car I have like the messiest car of all
people on the face of the plane I'm sure
I would win like some kind of an award
for messy car I'm cleaning out Abrams
car seat in the side of the cart now let
me just show you what I found in his car
seats oh yeah buddy
what are you doing why do you keep
pushing it in the grass he keeps pushing
it over here how's your caterpillar
finder going if Kai plans are just no
for each other where are they on that
whoa Wow cool and there's the other one
cool somebody do you know what kind of
caterpillar that's called it's called a
forest tint caterpillar oh they're
called that because they pretty much
like swarm together in the trees and
they make like tints out of there I
don't know it looks like spider webs to
me but they really do make like tints in
the forest like up in trees they'll make
like tints and they'll like crawl on
them and live in them and like these big
packs so I guess that's why there's so
many there must be like a tent up in
this tree up here and they're falling
you're crawling down or whatever so it's
kind of neat and interesting this is
what was in my car that I have to take
in the house that's our bag of trash
this is what's been going on cleaning
out the car now which one can I do for
me I never most figured out when one of
his toys isn't working it needs a baby I
step outside to put my children and you
know what I hear from the neighbor kid
she said please time you're not going to
record do you have a problem with our
blog us idiot
what's the problem explain it to us um I
lose all the video last time while I was
outside my kind of it like yeah why
would you see they didn't like it do
sins how many people are like watching
it thousands okay so you mean if you put
this on you too
everybody will know who I am no I'm not
giving your last name they just are your
Marisa you're the neighbor girl everyone
get over here I won't put you on there
if you don't want me to I have to get
your permission and your mom
did your mom mind um has she seen you on
there you do vlogs too you use car what
yeah
can you go on Juju's car I guess a dream
come here buddy
so we're back where we started with the
house paying guys Nilay on when I go
home from work I started second-guessing
the colors that we chose because we end
up wanting to sell the house I think
it's gonna be hard to sell with the
colors we chose the blue color the dark
blue now I'm thinking we should stick
with the neutral color or earth tones
Jason asked me if I want him to come
over more yarn but I said no because I
don't want a bunch of grass to be thrown
upon the house before I paint I don't
have to wash it again but it has rain a
couple times should I wash it again
anyway I don't know I'm done with the
house I'm done okay yeah okay
watch your feet buddy don't whack
yourself in the face don't see that I do
not see that Wow guys you gotta see
these awesome roses we have flourishing
back here
how do they know the rack here so
yesterday is that not beautiful
this plant is beautiful but crazy let me
cut that out of there but the roses look
at them something in gorgeous well it's
still bud these are the blooms I'm done
with work for the week how cool is that
I can wipe out work in two days
now just this week but anyway I'm gonna
get started on the house here's the blue
we're going to go if you guys want to
see what it looks like on the wall there
it is so we have three different blues
up there one here one here one up there
they all look the same though this was
obviously the darkest but the blue that
we want to go with is right in the
middle what do you guys think of that is
that too bold for this house when we'd
be able to resell it is that going to
like take down the resale value yes and
he destroyed all my tape being on the
wall of course of such a big job ahead
of me such a big job I don't know if I
should start with the white trim
if we're going to do white or if I
should paint the walls first I don't
want actually get blue on the trim so I
thought it probably easier to clean
white up the blue I want to put trim all
along here and I want to put trim on the
edges of the house right here right in
the corners on all four corners of the
house put trims on all the windows they
have that seal right there so I'm not
going to bother putting trim there so
the pieces of trim we're just going to
start you know right here it's going to
be the same width as this up here hey
guy you taking pictures yeah we let the
paint out here and there's water in it
and in honor of Earth Day I'm going to
clean up my yard and honor a birthday
say cheese cheese TTC's get out of here
get out he say daddy oh I'm sorry I'm
sorry you're welcome I'm sorry about
that
I got it he wanted me to protect his
Elmo camera I'll put it right you until
and I will even smush him out with my
fingers I promised I would do that nice
more now all right Daffy got a lot of
holes go don't worry
well I can help you this oh we don't
fill that hole and that's a drain hole
oh is that a drain hole actually I don't
think that one's a drain hole but this
one's a drain hole
that's just in case it floods under the
house it has a way the water has a way
to get out here you go caulk some holes
and we get a puppy
there you go good job keep looking for
holes I'll smooth them out look greater
Wow
push seal the house good job
that's good that's good all right sorry
Abram take the excess until other holes
no you're gonna pay no not that hole
around those are drain holes oh can we
hold the end of it go ahead push it
there you go good job I'm gonna do it
wait because this is kind of heavy
what a hard worker dirty okay why is it
okay good after that whiskers scoop
workers get dirty so you're just going
to smear it on there on purpose
you're adorable okay guys you want to
check on the laundry detergent with me
it's supposed to sit for 24 hours before
you use it and 24 hours is up and about
out of like an hour and a half so I'm
just going to get it all portioned out
tomorrow and we'll be able to use this
in but let's see what it looks like and
those together there it is it's supposed
to be a little bit more gel like today
and by shaking it does look like it is
the website said it was supposed to look
like this so you're supposed to have
like an egg noodle type soupy gel ish
form I thought those were weird
descriptions when I was reading it gel
like soupy egg noodle but it definitely
has that go handsome use estrous bath
come here Bobby no come here
free iced tea yeah Nats - looks cool
that much yay mmm so much - haha laughs
hey not yet it's not bedtime yet
boom whisper no please so hard to get
you got a boo-boo buddy we got into
answer mosquitos or something so sad
they're so hard I fell rough they are
this one done back here in a a.m. is we
had our biggest fans here honey Oh
sipping are you my biggest fan so did
you take a bath tub you took a bath tub
did you think you took a bath tub that's
listen uh yeah it's not bad
yeah I take a shower sometimes and you
took a bathtub II see what Lego say you
gotta go get it you took them how long
to get that it took like 25 minutes
a toy I love Walmart it was insane I was
literally like feeling like the I was
feeling like the emotions the kids so
when they have a meltdown I was like oh
yeah yeah
Congress stickers stickers you had to
get a sticker on in here this is a light
breaks this is uneven Legos but it's
kind of like but I guess it wasn't as
drunkest ready for bed his pre-bedtime
drunken state I am so glad that we have
Sam back with us for the next few days
he fell asleep before we could say
goodnight to guys but don't worry he'll
be back tomorrow
and so will we don't forget we love you
and remember to love each other
but then mister
