what's in their very card can I see can
you bring them to mommy too
to give
this together good morning everyone it
is so beautiful out here it's like the
calm after the storm we had a pretty
good rainstorm this morning I guess not
a storm but just a big rain and so my
discipleship meeting was canceled and
since sandy lives like a mile down the
road we're just gonna go hang out there
because the kids we're gonna get to have
a playdate today and I was gonna get
some mommy interaction don't really want
to miss out on that so we're gonna go
hang out with sandy and I'll be doing my
discipleship meeting probably this
Thursday what oh that's camis ball yeah
it's so sweet he's been trying to tell
me about that ball they left it over
here the other day he's insane I'm just
trying to say cami and ball it's so cute
let me get the baby look how big he is
he's been playing with this fish right
here oh wow we got a campout in here
where's the baby's ass hey you guys can
you show me your faces real quick I see
one little boy are you eating lunch in
there no dinner no so a week ago
tomorrow we were sitting in a school
room waiting for kids like that with
their assessment while we're sitting
here are you leaning in any certain way
like oh it's a definite or just because
hi this is Nia Raydor I was just calling
to follow up on the assessment my
daughter's Symphony took last week
awkward leaving messages like that
um call me back at blahdy blahdy booba I
think y'all is it on one time and then I
paused for like five seconds um you know
whenever I wanted to be like oh look
looking forward to hearing from you
because they already said they'd call us
so
let's point calling in now I'm that
overzealous mom and they're gonna go
right we got one of those
so the next thing on the checklist okay
we were talking about this last week
with you guys so sandy was told that we
would be going that our kids would get a
one-on-one interview and some of the
other parents they were saying that no
this was their only assessment I figured
it out it's not another assessment if
they are being looked at to go to the
school we get a family interview that's
what sex huh so like the whole family
goes in and they call it an interview so
I guess we answer questions and my gosh
yes we had to write essays for the
application yeah guys okay
later it a little bit back here really
it wouldn't tangle up as much and the
girls would kick in more we come from my
eyebrows and Abraham's getting all
pampered he's being shy are they doing
your hair so I'm all done now my
eyebrows feel so much better it's like
you can just feel when they're shaped up
I don't know what it is they're still
not like perfect I have weird shaped
eyebrows like one eyebrow is shaped
differently than the other eyebrow and
it's just I don't know how to fix it
Sam was like just grow them out really
thicken and have someone plug them again
I'm like that's not a bad idea but I
don't think I'm gonna do that I don't
think I could just grow my eyebrows out
what do you see antiques what's this
letter right there that's a a what's
this letter Avram
what letter he's a letter so he can't
keep up with himself do do your do do I
do
that's his old trick there Zuma's trick
is the huawei done that note down the
work went pretty good last night I was
extra quiet a lot of people pointed that
out release him what's wrong today I was
like well let's see it took a month off
and I was in Hawaii my family and now
I'm back at work I'm trying to get in
certain times and trying to come to
terms with the fact that I have to work
everybody was pretty understandable
about it actually like yeah I know it's
really hard let me take off that long
yet to come back the first several hours
at work I was just like so homesick so
homesick I just wanted a whole day from
so bad I long he waved at me I was
driving off you know how homesick he was
he sent me a text and said I want to go
shopping with you I knew you were
already going shopping
guys what are you doing but I think I've
acclimated now and I'm ready to go back
tonight well last night of the week so
they have a new lunchbox
yeah and you got me a new table that's
really uplifting for me I was using my
other lunchbox for over three years we
just realized especially opened up the
old lunchbox yesterday to attack my
lunch and I forgot to tell her I didn't
eat my banana on my last day of work
that uh you know a month ago and there's
a whole banana in that it's thinking
what it look like powder you like a
powdery top shake banana
why are you whacking yourself memo is no
just look what daddy started and at
dinnertime with that my goodness you
silly goose
okay guys no while the kids enjoy some
outside time for today I am going to
work on my laundry detergent I've got a
new recipe and it's a liquid recipe this
time I'm switching because our washing
machine does not produce hot water
anymore it's just cold and I don't think
it disintegrates the flakes like it
should I've also heard that liquid
smells better so it's basically the same
recipe as before but you do it a little
differently and it requires a little bit
more attention so the first step is to
get a soap bar and grate it up you got
hot water so we're gonna dump this in
what it looks like now we pour in a cup
of each of these washing soda and borax
this helps to clean it and this helps to
get stains out and just boost the
laundry detergent there it is guys my
finished product bubbly pink and suds
see it's super easy very cost-efficient
I think I spent about twelve to fourteen
dollars on this and it's gonna last a
long time you did okay wait one second
what's in there can I see can you bring
them - mommy - there it is right were
you signed it symphonie and mommy's name
underneath it hi
I want to put it in my frozen wall okay
you can do that go do it so we're gonna
go to the library I'm gonna get my
friend wall like in a suit and I'll know
that my library card isn't so perfect
maybe we'll go this week I cannot
believe that my baby has her own library
card
my very first little baby girl has a
library card that's crazy
you room had a really rough night
tonight I don't know what was going on
but it was not cool for him so anyways
hopefully tomorrow I'll be back to
normal and we will see you then
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
what a mess
