um okay I got to sleep in I'm really
late kids over 30 my low point of the
day hasn't happened yet you are my
brother you are my sister
by the same artist a whip
not to give
and this together morning guys today is
kind of a law day I've been kind of
moping around sitting around and I made
my grocery list about four or five hours
ago and still haven't gone I'm still not
gonna go yet
I'm gonna go later today I think naina
is leaving to go back to Florida sure
she flies out tomorrow morning but today
is our last day with her she's doing the
night yeah she spent the night with us
last night and symphony in her spending
some final moments together symphony and
Nana are saying goodbye three sad
symphony why you sad Oh
makes me want to cry watching him say
goodbye
your mom just worked in her bag of
frozen symphonies trying to hold her
tears then she's like I want you to go
don't you sad I'm gonna cry
are you saying Nana's gone she'll be
back soon when she coming back
Oh sweetie hi guys that's pretty sad but
there's actually something sad that's
going to be going on today do you ever
wake up in the morning you know you have
to get something done but you don't want
to get it done so you just keep on
sleeping you just avoid it by sleeping I
often do that to myself that's how I
avoid certain things and it's kind of
what happened today actually I had a
dream last night about Michael and I in
Hawaii we caused a dam to explode
somehow we made it happen on purpose and
the dam flooded air didn't kill anybody
but it flooded a big area and I was
gonna go to prison for it
so today's been a really sad day so far
try to keep my chin up and you know be
thankful for it I have it everything but
good morning morning handsome
Oh daddy please
happy about you moods and giggling bye
what what what I say
Oh once mother's day.what
eating is my house what do you need what
Elmo press dart date go Elmo so much so
precious uh hi Elmo you have to press
the arrow press the green arrow yellow
arrow press it again not the box down
Wow hit him hit the books ha ha one
finger one finger bingo yay
everyone in mr. noodle hair cover mr.
noodle in a Capote mr. noodle is in
tsipras hair kaput kaput Abram Kapoor
Abram from mr. noodle
this is mr. noodle city mr. noodle Hey
what mister you will go get me mr.
noodle mr. noodle
yeah you ain't mr. Newton yay she ain't
mr. noodle sicne ate mr. noodle baby
yeah ha yet okay send me what was your
the low point of the day
my hide wait I got to do a bank bag
detail at the Stuart share cookie does
the store with who
no not yet Mary she asked if we could
get some tonight can you have one high
point a low point high point okay and
what was that hat part was you're
watching Elmo I think - okay I got to
sleep in really late it's over 30 my low
point of the day hasn't happened yet
well my low point of the day I had to go
back to work today guys tis my first day
back to work just really weird being
back in the scrubs I thought I'll never
have put these back on
oh that's not too bad it's just getting
back in a mode of going back to work and
working nights again and so quite a um
you know Tiffany what do you think about
me going back to work you're gonna miss
me I think that hasn't now Abram are you
gonna miss me at least they're gonna
miss me I don't even care but the good
thing is only work two days this week so
it ain't nothing walk right out get back
to work on the house
so in two days it's only two days two
days and nights when we stay up late
together I'm really trying to do the
right thing by being supportive and
telling Sam what an amazing night he's
gonna have it work and then it's gonna
be wonderful and awesome but I'm really
just kind of bummed I'm gonna miss him
so go I think I've told him to call into
work like four times and I really should
just stop doing that I just stab myself
in the eye I know I should not encourage
him to not go to work I should just be
like honey you're gonna have such a
wonderful night I've been doing that too
but work smirk you know open up the
depper see what's inside open it up
everyone open up the door he's getting
up there like okay down here there it is
not where we change Susan back er up
okay that's all you honey by question
we're gonna miss you no you're not yes
we are you're happy the plane has come
we had a really nice break though yeah
we did a lot of stuff with Sam's injury
yeah definitely that keep me from doing
anything other than work - no gonna kiss
baby I had a good break with you sweetie
what
what's he saying
by your mommy get you a Lego set way you
guys are at Walmart okay no you can't
build it how many brother be carry yeah
gady just said we could QT well you have
to build it with me don't open it
without me tell daddy to give you a
price limit couple days okay it's gonna
be a good night oh wow see you do need
to call in to work I'm still hurting I
can't go where's my phone that's my
phone come on how long huh nice hand no
I'm not amazing no one caring yeah scar
so to keep myself busy we're about to go
to the grocery store you guys know on
Mondays I do my grocery shopping but I
held it off all day so I could spend the
day with Sam just wanted every single
minute with him that I could you know
family love yeah peace out oh are you
going to work - yeah gonna work
oh you're going to Hawaii I see oh
jubilee salsa feel good one more reason
to come kiss you again mm-hmm I love you
too five anymore I know like a million
hours away if you aren't going to work
right now we'd be hanging out doing
something dumb together something dumb
to do hey bang man I wanna marry you
wait Bubbe wait
whoa
bedtime crisis this thing right now two
batteries and Abram was not happy
I thought something to hurt and I'm like
he got bit by something he was so upset
hey thank you mama
three years baby yeah yeah look bunny
yeah lady
mommies can turn out the lights and sing
to you I know you all wish that same
could be here to say good night with me
I miss him just as much or even more as
all of you do but he will be back in the
morning and he'll probably fill you all
in on how his night went so anyways we
will see you tomorrow don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
what a mess
