right so Alexis you are my sister
we've got to live
we've got to give
whirl
in this together it is Sunday and we are
off to church of course we're gonna my
brother Matthews Church in Dallas oh hey
have you come with us yeah but no you
were in here Andrews girlfriend over
there buddy
hey we're Symphony she come on and the
trough because she's in the trunk
my mom is leaving on Tuesday back to
Florida go help my other brother with
her newborn so we all decided to meet up
and have church together I went to go
out the e afterwards and everyone's
really heavy and he's slipping out of my
hands and we're taking him to children's
church if we're gonna find it oh yeah
just work that bike is it wait what is
it that everyone's gonna love it up here
Avery Lou the Train everyone look up
there
he's gonna love that
that it's so cool children hey that's a
train track it's a train tracks over
here buddy leave it on the train track
I'm so sweet evil train so much the kids
are in children's shirt
it's so strange about just went to their
class and it was no big deal we're at a
new church and they both did so good
Abram did such a good job it's such a
welcoming building yeah they have like
trains and we saw and it was so
welcoming I was telling say I'm like
imagine if there was nothing there
Abram probably would have screamed and
cried when you came to his class but he
was already felt welcome and he was
playing and happy so I feel good we're
gonna go enjoy church hey you do feel
good if you're here today and you've
never crossed that line of faith and you
never trusted Jesus as your Savior then
I encourage you your application today
is to come to Jesus to happen that your
Savior to have him as your master it has
the Lord he is a good sacred rights on
the Lexus to see you Hebrews toward
sorry buddy you can't come out anyone Oh
careful there you go back
bromius I have some of this on the green
yeah where are we going Matt we're gonna
go eat Andrew says serious pizza but
serious pizza we don't have to do that
I've got to be cool do something less
serious a little more farm and L look
Alice what but L ll know that Deep Ellum
no way we're not gonna be honest we're
not going to Dallas Rachel we drove an
hour to get here and now you can't drive
dirty mystery Club oh yeah look at
Jeff's pimped out wagon it's gotta what
oh wow leave his rooms it's pretty cool
the thing is look who's inside at the
roads look at that
my mommy back there Chili's really guys
where'd you knock out a power line
sorry day bud and it really did not want
to eat so scrap Shack
there's the only one and the electricity
also crunches that got really creative
they really get into being that's shitty
Meagan
Abraham's first time to enjoy hot sauce
independently get the bowl next to him
come down here with the kids and we have
our own hot sauce here's a grown-up
portion of the table over there me and
Alexis and Sam are kind of corralling
the kids you should be yeah yeah so I'm
kind of getting the best of both worlds
I get the kids and some adults hope this
works out Abram was really adamant that
his hot sauce we put near him so he
could zip it himself I was dipping it
look at that messy face is it good yeah
yummy they don't you guys like this
little dish that I made ma'am ma'am we
didn't order this I don't know how this
got to our table can you take that off
our check a silly life I've been
learning about how to persuade people
I'm in this class on persuasion oh
really interesting that we do sponsoring
that technique is called the friendship
light lieutenant
is where if you
and your sir product people will also
like it because it like you try get a
family photo together
mr. this can you stand back to the
tallest yes mom you stand right next to
Jeff since you're the second taller
Matthew got a photographer great meet if
you put the leaf down sweetie you can't
eat the leaf okay not in the picture
broke cable teacher took well welcome
mom ah I wouldn't be able
favours working on the car over here
thanks the battery bud
we lost the charger for this thing and
he's really going to town hey buddy we
have the neighbor kids over playing they
were outside at their house and our kids
and their kids have just been going back
and forth watch out Emma
it feels so perfect outside today I'm
drinking some coffee Sammy back here is
listening to praise and worship music
while he's working how's the caulking
going this feels like one of those days
that you'll remember is almost perfect
it feels so good outside the dogs are
barking wind is blowing and the kids are
all happy that's all they represent a
rainbow represents that God will never
fold the world again no way but there's
always rainbows in the sky after rains
yeah it does mean it usually comes right
after work yeah it's a sign from God
saying he'll never flood the world
what you doing a broom yeah ha you could
pay it hi Annie
where do you go and you go with you
in your new ami fanny you're okay but
I'm just watching yeah it's cold there's
those clouds out there it's perfect
value this is the perfect Sunday
afternoon I'm not really is sort of half
of the house all cocked up pretty much
half at that corner right there I'll be
done with half but the hardest part is
the front because I really pay attention
to all the little gaps because it's what
shows and those this door was kind of
pretty much separating that was it
complete I could stick my finger in that
whole dress yeah what are you gonna do
don't hurt yourself though oh wow it's
tricky that's pretty tricky I could
probably do that to survive a broken
finger okay okay cut me some slack
audience okay can you do this kami well
girl knees up choo choo got babe
okay all right that's not bad that's not
too bad honey
Oh Abram fell more water this guy oh man
what are you doing with that mud did you
put mud in here oh goodness
this is what's for dinner tonight you
guys one of my friends recommended it to
me so I'm making it tonight it looks
like it's gonna be super easy but it was
actually kind of time-consuming you're
supposed to put like a Italian seasoning
mix on it basically you just put all
these things in the pan and you put in
the oven for an hour on 350 and I'm a
little nervous about it because Sam
doesn't love baked chicken he doesn't
like just like you know a chunk of
chicken
without some dipping sauce or something
but I'm hoping he's going to like it
because it comes you know the vegetables
and everything's gonna be kind of
seasoned the same he'll either love it
or he won't like it and I won't make it
again so we'll see how it goes
oh mylanta that looks so amazing much
better than I anticipated wow it looks
like the picture on the internet when
does my food ever look like the picture
on the internet I'm so excited I hope
Sam likes it we'll know here in a few
minutes okay here it goes
he's already ate quite a bit of it so
that's really good I wasn't hungry out
in fact that wasn't even eating lunch so
Fulton to is but I brought the plate in
here and I was like I worked so hard on
this kind of hard not really but and you
have to try it and so he's like okay
that's a woman bite and I'm hooked for
life yeah really it's chicken for life
good is it really good though I can't
tell if you're kidding oh I guess not I
guess good he's really good chicken in
your beard
good I'm glad you like it um I said hi
King and then I watched another of the
photo video of coffee and then he said
hi Barbie Symphony did her first
dubsmash means Tiffany of employment
does smash for like 15 minutes oh yes
okay watch this here symphonies and then
here's curves like your symphonies but
you guys want to see what my first one
was my first everyone just kind of
addicting
you guys think those are finally tasty
my show mine here's mine guys hi I hope
that part is I poop at parties but
people's don't know because I closed the
door
time for your bed almost no I don't
think psyching right now Julie go to bed
I'm gonna do one more oh one more I
can't find a good she wants to do a
girly one okay guys we're to continue to
make dub smashes if you want to see some
of my dub smashes check out
mybinding.com
it's a simulator I think but um is it
Sammy radioman account anyways in the
description below if you guys want to
check it out but we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to sit on a beanbag to love
each other Symphony
you can't make it
I am nest
for their nest
