isn't it cute yeah what if you were born
without a nose I wouldn't like that
because I like eating my boogers my
brother you are my sister made by the
same guy
by the same lift
we've got to give up
where I won't
and this together good morning everyone
I am sitting here looking over these
paint colors here is what I have it
narrowed down to these are the color
schemes we're going with so we're
thinking like for the bricks we would do
like a deep grayish blue and then for
like the shutters and accent color would
be like red that has purple tones to it
good a Viking this one right here it's
called pulsating blue or shooting boom
it's kind of similar to Georgian Bay
it's just a little bit deeper see like
the comparison these two right here hmm
my top red color is this one it's called
luxurious red no shingles are a little
bit per plate so we're wanting to get
another color to kind of go with the
shingles and then cherry tomato that was
my other red that I like so this one I
like cherry tomatoes I'm feeling
something like that one look at Nia
helping me out thanks cutie you can help
too I'll think of something I do not
expect her to help at all but this is
the first time to help me with a house
yeah they're just so cute up there what
an adorable wife I have so I got a
little toss painted what are those
things called up there I can't think of
the word the little that area that truss
or something I'm not sure it's called
fascia truss I don't know somebody tell
me please Charmy nuts I haven't looked
it up he called it the doghouse hi Annie
so the next step in the house
restoration process is caulking at all
so I'll probably go through a box of
these are so many just crabs holes in
this house time to seal this house and
not see another bug in this house again
are you ready for that symphony you'll
never have to sleep with spiders again
or do you like sleeping with the spiders
Oh
okay well I'm gonna solve that problem
for you
sure god help me in holes sure
okay
I took the light down that was over here
remember there's a fugly yellow light
right here it's kind of a stupid thing I
just took completely just took it out
and had a little switch over here that
was the only way to turn it on so you
had to come over here to turn it on we
never used it I used it just like once
just because it was there yeah trying to
decide if I should take the cable down
before I start painting Sam's just going
about his business getting ready to
paint
Abram cuz up here he's ready to go to
sleep on Sam's little work Klaus
so we are on our way to go to Knox's
birthday party he is turning three years
old you guys believe that - thank you
Nia made these awesome enchiladas for
Sarah and Dan who just had a baby at her
church and I feel like I didn't do
anything contribute at all to this
however I am letting it go out the door
so that makes me feel like I've
contributed we don't need cuz it smells
amazing and it looks amazing look at
that
McCarter no two hours yeah so that's a
plan you guys want to come come on
Cyprien look this baby was born without
her nose all right isn't he cute yeah
what if you were born without a nose I
wouldn't like that because I liked
eating my boogers oh that's the only
reason you went on boat out of those
oh she's really cute or he baby Eli you
guys got to see this awesome invention I
cannot believe this is just now coming
to the market and like why didn't I
think of this issue that kids can't
outgrow more than clever is changing
lives their sanity is African and you
know the African kids and stuff people
who really need shoes the shoes grow
with the children it's not that awesome
all you do is you know you just bring it
down extend the toe and you extend the
width of it I guess they say they last
five years I wonder if they'll actually
last five years old I'm sure those
studies are made of leather
and I found out they're only thirty
dollars you could buy them from their
website I'm definitely gonna buy pair
they said they're out of the first
inventory and that they're taking
donations for the second but anyway
we're off now there's a rockstar party
two years old
whatever we go Oh everyone already
picked out his guitar over there let you
be the singer you beat us here why oh
come on please not for us play those
awesome balloons maracas Cassie okay
it's fun yeah
yes yes oh yeah there's the watch star
mom a little DJ over here
everybody don't turn it off
hotdog bar here I'm decorating my hotdog
that's a beautiful hot dog right there
hang-up for my next hey oh yeah is that
good birthday boy knocks how are you oh
my goodness is it popping that's the
Ohira that is loud hey mom were you
eating cake come here you are so silly
they kind of match like the colors of
their shirt so cute
Nathan are you gonna play us along I'm
working it right now are you doing the
drums Symphony's giving a tattoo crucial
this one this is rock star
hot dog and a technology from awesome is
amazing best cake I've ever had
maybe tim is playing frisbee out here
the top photograph a Mike your banker
girls are all beating here I saw that
it's not ran in and grabbed the camera
so my frisbee in the eldest attacker
what is it about keys I walked outside
to find Sam like all these around
hanging up on a ring at the camera
so is it like you and he's trying to
play grown-up frisbee and then the girls
are getting the way through Sarah's Oh
Tammy
well that was a really fun party we're
all done now and we have a surprise to
announce to Symphony she doesn't know
what it is yeah what do you think it is
I don't know yet she's been trying to
guess it all day and I gave her one hint
one and only hint was bit here she she
told me earlier today that if she would
go back to Nana's house to spend the
night she wanted to take her Bell doll
and I told her she she knew she had a
surprise is she asking for a hint I said
I don't know but you might want to take
your belt all to the party that's all
she knows she still hasn't guessed it
all right we'll see bout her Nana banana
oh she has to go where's Arlene she just
won't use it well guess what your
surprises laughing I love anything you
did baby you get to stay Yeah right now
guess who else is at the house Rachel
yeah I symphony we love you famous
violin are you excited not a sneaky
surprise we need a long argument for
your piece boy alright before we
tell you guys goodbye
I got to show you guys something this is
how I get Abram out of me is on him
watch this Abram ever white crossing
yard oh my gosh I'm Donna Donna Donna
Donna goodness good dude goodness
donut donut donut done it better
oh that's how I get a matter on right
there
nothin
he said doodoo when he wants me to throw
him on bed come here mom Oh what oh
that's our other thing we come in bed
and we watch the ELMO my mom was in the
shower because he freaks out when she
goes in there so he runs in the room
says mo and then he calls us do too and
I thrown do you do come here Dona Dona
Dona Dona you help me out here you kill
me my shirt it's hard to do with one
hand
oh all right guys we'll see you tomorrow
tomorrow we have the Terrell Jubilee to
go to it's going to be really fun we did
this one year ago it's really crazy that
we've logged this last year but you guys
get to see us go to it for the second
year do you remember last year we went
with Eric we went on the roller coaster
it used to be part of our intro Eric and
I screaming on one of the rides but um
yeah that's what we're gonna be doing
tomorrow it's gonna be a lot of fun yeah
dude no you gotta go again one more time
buddy don't forget guys we love you and
remember Donna Donna Donna Donna
Oh to love each other
within this
