where are we guys where do you think we
are oh no she is
Abraham's mug together where are we guys
what do you think we are
no I mean fine sandal man where are we
Bubbe
I think well it's nowhere dude up but
I've said and you can make up it's Noble
and it can play snowballs everybody
good exciting we're waiting for the
trolley Charlie's over there who's next
in line
good morning guys I woke up this morning
wanting to plan something really fun for
the family's view that's holiday as
what's going on
so we decided to come to the Gaylord
years ago when somebody was like eight
months old
Oh
Oh
without that starter for like an hour
and a half there
try do it but manners are you sure buddy
do it try it just put your finger out
try it come on you got this he's shy
about
finger wave
they requested a picture with the little
bear this is so magical there's nothing
more magical e Christmas than a Gaylord
Tex
okay so rude or hip is a little terrible
city yes they have an amazing the
home-like light of Christmas Jacques
Cousteau Oh our clothes our hair buns
village and see the Christmas Carol
trussed up and everything but raining
like
which is the difference between boys and
girls look at Abraham's mug I just went
to get a drink it's sticky everywhere
his cup Mutapa myself sticky Symphony's
is perfect
clean like
a real reindeer awesome let's do it
living for the live reindeer in this
which right here is which one did you
hear say what radio they're worth
No
once again guys Christmas capital Texas
this is so cute and cheery look guys so
choose your order
do you guys see the sparkling tree oh
we're coming up on it we're coming up on
it
bulwarks uncle juniors with us what's up
dude I almost got sliced into her really
Symphony is Christmas shopping for her
grandmother's so is Abram favorite what
do you have there Symphony already got
be bogus let me see what you picked up
there what is it tell us all about it
Fred feed it kind of like a Christmas
gingerbread house but it knows he has
one for vivo and Abram has on Fernandez
if somebody is looking for Nana
I think it's a bottle opener dude you
would know I don't know if it's for beer
or any bottle but I work for bebo yeah
it's kind of a happy bunch do you think
it might be a little too heavy for bebo
I think she might like something a
little more lightweight for her neck
what do you do when your children pick
it good for your own mom and you know
that it's not her style
let me give you a suggestion a room okay
I think people might like this one yeah
or even that one's a little short people
like things that are really lightweight
let's see oh you don't want to get Bebo
a necklace not even this pretty one
right here what about this one no oh he
still wants to look I'm sorry you picked
that for bebo can I see it on it see it
has a coin on it like the gold Greek oh
and Bieber has Greek in her she would be
left out a hug in there already and
that's a really neat guy that's a gold
on there too
what do you think can you let's see if
it's lighter for your neck feel what you
got sissy you think justice friend Anna
oh well the problem is Abram got Nana a
necklace so we should probably get her
something different hey you want to know
a secret about Nana you Nana's mommy has
skated over of geezers she got to keep
her necklace from her and so if it's a
short necklace mana probably wear it
cause she wears her mommy's necklace
that has been holding across you know
what I'm talking about yeah okay so we
probably don't get her like a short
little necklace like that because she
probably won't weigh
maybe a bracelet we can look at her
bracelet sure that's a tricky thing
let's see are there any hearts over here
what's your job before up there it was
looking for bracelets and said okay this
is a cool little viewing this is a door
huh Josie can you say bracelet what is
this alright you could say to Andres
River is wondering where you going back
to home with me everybody misses you man
yeah people are even watching no comment
was going on there
you know the funny stuff cities coming
out with Mel Tuesday
Andrew can't go ladies of the surgery
and because it's Christmas time is super
busy for his job
we just got home I got a room through
the rain hitting his babies in bed don't
you
oh no there she is hey you back then
I've been sitting on about the one she
should watch
it's such a fun day I loved our family
outing these last two days I swear it's
just like the sweetest of joys to me
these days julia is getting older and
it's easier to go out with her and like
skip her naps or let her nap in the car
and everything's still really smooth it
was so sweet I loved it thanks for
joining us I am going to go wrap some
Christmas gifts now I've got them lined
up I'm trying to get really organized
because I want to get a lot squared away
tonight but first let's do a comment of
the day and it goes to fully shimmer at
9:45 a chicken dance is giving me life
right now we also love Juliette's
chicken dance she did it today at
Gaylord Texan at the ice show and it was
just so cute so if you haven't watched
yesterday's video you've got to go check
it out it is the cutest thing when
Juliet does her chicken dance on camera
for the first time
show us the chicken dance shoot the
chicken niche and now question of the
day do you have any tips or hacks for
wrapping your Christmas gifts let me
know in the comments below
I am the Christmas gift wrapper in our
family in fact there was a time when
Sam's brothers did not have wives yet
and I wrapped all of their Christmas
gifts for all their family that's a
pretty fond memory of mine I like being
able to say that I go so far back with
the family it's time reading the vlog
and we will see you guys tomorrow for
more festive Christmas fun it's gonna be
so fun and the kids have no idea where
we're taking them they are gonna like
flip their lids and like go crazy when
we pull into the parking lot you guys
just wait and see mark my word come back
tomorrow you're gonna see the kids flip
out in the parking lot of this place
we're going so anyway so see you there
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other
what you want to do it on eBay I don't
think messes like that anymore whoo
you do not do that to mommy
yes plan we tried you took a drink
