a little hold on wait wait for it here
you are my sister made by the same guy
love butter thing
we've got to give
the world will know
in this together what are you doing
hat put your hat on ha ha every men are
wearing hats this morning where's your
hat a broom yeah mommy asked me over
here reading it up reading for at the
past hour she likes to read and like
make up her own stories but she doesn't
always do it with me she's a super
babies yeah what with me today oh ha ha
just got back from tractor supply about
the dogs a couple new toys hopefully
they won't be able to tear this thing
out this thing is tough and a supposedly
indestructible big dog bone
indestructible same thing that's what
she needs huh because she destroys
everything
I spent 60 bucks on the dogs today does
one thing I really did consider what's a
monthly expense of owning a dog now we
have to it's just really expensive I
don't realize is how to think about it
honestly but yeah I'm not complaining
just now to say this huge dog of back
food huge dog back dude
look Annie your new toy you guys play
tug of war with doggy bone here that's a
hard bone and this is what they did last
night they tore up my masking paper I
knew this would happen - I was expecting
it really hoping they wouldn't but they
did hey hey hey daddy already family
over Michelle oh really where and a dad
he's getting Peter up on the shelves
still hiding and
Sadie's here we gotta take you guys life
with your best friend as a stay-at-home
mom is so much fun all this stuff I used
to do by myself all the time and now
she's always joining me it's awesome
good job sperm loves the baby yeah yeah
to his feet oh he has Chuck's on his
feet I thought he just like one still
gobble him up oh gentle man baby hmm he
doesn't have shoes baby are you trying
to teach him about shoes
where's his words his hand a broom here
they're going for puzzles Symphony loves
it that I let her go by herself it's
behind the desk and she's taking care
she's like it's a very awesome it's
somewhere very secret yes so cute
Abram is just going to town with Kate's
library no I didn't know you could get
your own I've never done that before I'd
no idea right pretty small
good job you wrote your name on your
first library card look baby that's so
cute here comes the rain guys it's a
beautiful sound but not while I'm
working on the house that's for sure
here's how much I got done you guys
ready oh look at our house it looks like
an asylum right now doesn't it
good big score just in the front of the
DOE as it looks like from this angle
one of the neighbors just came over and
give us a little fan of color schemes
from Sherwin Williams that's cool no
turning back our house is really dark
right now because all the windows are
masked off hey guys so I'm getting ready
for a women's Bible study and we're
gonna be doing like a fellowship evening
tonight so some of us are bringing
desserts and I wanted to bring something
that was kind of springy and like bright
colors so I'm making a spring fruit
pizza you just get a crust and bake it
and then you put cream cheese topping on
I chose pineapple cream cheese a lot of
desserts right now for spring our Center
ground mango and strawberry probably
mainly because they're in season and
let's be honest they look really cute
together I am super excited to get this
going
I'm gonna make one for ya - and there's
the rain
I literally just finished all the fish'
in the front of the house and on that
side and then as soon as I finished it
the rain came pouring down that means
about to leave me with the kids hey
buddy hi it's raining so this is the
rain they said it was going to come
three days ago I'm glad I didn't listen
because I get the whole house Prime
except the park top parts of the roof
got a little done today though I feel
accomplished so I'm ready to go take a
shower actually got it yep this prayer
this thing is a half so it'll clean out
whoa whoa honey would you make for us
that's where women's meeting but I am
making you one too don't worry so Cassie
blueberries up there you are making one
for stuff yeah
so what is it like a different future
yes
Wow delicious you actually cook it you
just cook the crepes you cook the crazy
you put cream cheese on the top when he
was leaving I kind of questioned whether
she's actually going to a church meeting
or not like how cute she looks
whatever in the register shoes you like
all of it you didn't have blush on
it doesn't look kind of bluish that's
just a primer but I think it might look
good I'm kind of a blue we're thinking
about gray the blue end of grey for the
bricks and white for trim and maybe like
a darker grey for the under trim looks
better already my opinion simply come in
the tunnel hurry oh I can't cuz it'll
drop to the ground sitting here
a little wait for it oh here come to me
come on hurry
I'm gonna add two knees the dirt here
what does a reason why Mormon it put
blueberries nothing don't be so good on
here
the strawberries pepperoni the mangos
pineapple and the blueberries are olives
why are you saying that like a real
pizza huh Pizza is that any say pizza
happy a pizza so everyone's gonna eat
this pizza you and eat it what hey
simply just taking off the frosting or
cream cheese did you like it
take a bite bigger than bagel frost
everyone look how daddy does it
stop knocking off the blueberries hmm
nope
no no no no oh don't waste of fruit like
this you can have the fruit here mango
like that either it strawberry la
strawberry no strawberries no no I guess
hmm okay knows anything no no oh oh what
are you gonna do man
just gonna suck it like that no you had
a mango on your belly about this pizza I
think I just prefer to eat the fruit by
itself without the trust yeah it'd be
better if she just put frosting on their
cake frosting instead of bagel frosting
like Sydney calls it our cream cheese
but um that's alright alright guys
thanks for coming along with us today
Abram finally went down it took him
quite a while tonight he's really upset
wasn't he simply sickening are building
a Star Wars Lego said that Nia got me
for Christmas I love doing this with her
I did the head backwards you did yeah I
didn't know it was that way you didn't
know he's supposed to face his toes mmm
so much fun doing this with her I got a
deuce more often every time I do it I'm
reminded how much I love doing it with
her she's just so good at it I was just
reading the box it says 6 to 12 years
and she just like really good at it she
catches on so quickly she belt that
little guy all by herself
look paint you huh yes you got the gun
pointed down yeah I did have to put the
body on because it's too hard to snap
yeah gun goes like that there you go
mm-hmm there we had our tea little
droids people a little hardest and you
have Lina's body back
so he's balanced alright guys don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
say bye sent me
we shall just
