what are you getting ready for big girl
you are my sister made by the same guy
loved by the Savior
got to live
we've got to give
where
in this together butterflies gonna tell
me you don't do you have caterpillars in
your tummy
no cacoon cacoon I always got
butterflies in my tummy before a big
test day don't you think a alligators
huh you probably have alligators like
little bitty ones lay at floors I don't
have those in my tummy
more of course do you mind who knows
maybe while you're sleeping they slipped
up your nose look at this guy you learn
how to buckle and unbuckle this watch
good job I'm proud of you no I'm buckle
it look at him look at this yeah d I
think April is gonna be staying home
with me right yeah the teacher had that
are the lighting setup somebody's
appointment suggested that I keep your
child doesn't like to sit still it's
probably not a good idea to bring them
during the assessment cuz we're just
gonna be waiting in the library doing
how many work outside yeah okay
what's the word of the day Symphony
thanks good day well the word of the day
is obey it's very important that you
obey with a teacher tells you okay right
it's almost time to go five more minutes
are you excited to meet some of your
friends and your teacher do you want to
know her name mrs. Morris can you say
miss Morris missing from morning
that's right uh-huh once in my life I'm
leaving really really extra early
probably waiting for a while like how
long her hair's getting you guys she
looks so big okay guys go ahead and put
your bets in how many times do you think
I'm gonna cry you think mommy's gonna
cry she's gonna be jerky in her mouth
Sam was watching Abram and he's in the
back I don't know if he hasn't back
there to distract him from us leaving or
not so I don't think I'm gonna go back
there and get Sam I know he wants to
tell symphony bye I'm not sure what to
do
cover your nervous
are you excited our kids are gonna go to
big kid school today are you nervous no
I'm so excited I have this been so up
and at it this morning just getting
ready and getting her ready what are you
all doing today we're going this school
are y'all happy to have each other there
now you will be strangers to everyone
you have a friend this is a milestone in
our friendship we're taking our kids to
assessment oh my gosh it's time for them
to be in school we met in school I never
seem to go to school how many times you
think we're gonna cry anyway no I don't
think I'm gonna cry though I bet she
will I've got a newborn that cries I
know if I think they might not even get
in true because the way this school
works is like they have spots I don't
understand it if you have an older
sibling that goes there then the younger
sibling automatically gets in King can
go so there's 18 kids in the class
there's already nine older siblings so
nine slots are taken so there's nine
spots left and pretty much at this level
they're just seeing if they can like
pay attention how well they listen you
know how they behave well I guess
they're being read a story and then like
the after part when they're the kids
like talk to each other oh are you ready
have we been having a lot of talks this
morning in the car what have we been
talking about about hairy night toy and
about what kind of attitude to have huh
us happy yes and good cat enough nerve
oh don't be nervous baby come here don't
be nervous
and why are you nervous what do you feel
nervous about is kind of merriment but
why don't be nervous it's nothing to be
nervous about it's gonna go great okay
oh hey I love you give me a tip you too
yeah it's gonna be just fine you're
gonna do great baby I want to take a
picture of her I'm going to trying to
find a sign somewhere where do you think
we should take the picture at that time
all right stand right there so I can get
the picture
where do you want to sit with me there's
lots of new friends in here now what do
you think is it making you feel shy
there's a few new friends in here do you
guys think that's your teacher yeah do
you remember her name mrs. Morris you
could say hi miss smalls
by my husband my baby okay Oh see I see
it Oh to see the tears they're coming
yes I do
are you waiting for
oh there's so much like an hour wait and
we're looking at readers this is what
they're reading symphonies age group
right now and within a year they should
be able to read the book right what I
understood you should be able to read
the whole book tax bunkbed yeah the kids
are done with their assessment and we
are trying it's like pulling teeth
trying to get them to tell us what
happened in there I don't want to budge
so did you guys read stories adult
symphony so did y'all read stories did
you answer questions like what happened
did you play okay did she take you by
yourself and ask you questions she did
would she ask you but let her did she
ask you about your lashes you probably
know all sorts of letters okay
everyone's really happy that we're home
get me I get this greeting hi oh you
bending down to alright here you don't
didn't you
are you happy at home you are there
wasn't a normal waiting up that's long
fly they read you a book
were you with cuff the whole time oh
sorry Bobby what else do they make you
do made you write your name did it make
you color anything I have a shape and
then after we cut it and then everything
has been recovered okay you did they
read your cut she wouldn't tell us
anything change
what else do they make you do did the
teacher talk to you all by yourself yes
do they make you count they didn't did
it make you count at all tell me
we're called
so they like gave you a lemon I asked
you what it was no what is on paper yes
and I showed it to you he told me there
was did you know all of them well I know
a number it's one and was it like a
leaven or something yeah it was like a
tea number oh so they make you do need
like jumping jacks hmm
did they make you do any push-ups well
I'm gonna have to talk to that did they
show you a clock no are you applause now
the Sam how was it with you that's good
I got a little bit done he didn't want
to hang outside with me very long why
why mean you stayed actually a little
bit get all wet daddy
Abram daddy is doing the roof okay
usually down there bed okay hi that's a
cool shot can I have one please
oops Nia ran to Home Depot for me and I
thought they'd be sleeping the whole
time and I could be working but that did
not happen
Abram woke up and just like total to add
a total meltdown kidding me Symphony sip
feels like I'm not gonna listen to this
he literally close the door hmm
you're a silly kid
look at that okay so Symphony went
outside and she made a home for the
caterpillar she really wants to watch it
grow into a cocoon we still need to put
some twigs in there right so turn around
and I'll get the caterpillar off your
back okay do you want to put it in the
new home here look you okay there is a
twig yes we can hang is cocoon exactly
that's exactly what I was thinking when
I told you needed a twig going back and
maybe you like the caterpillar Ebro be
careful do you like the caterpillar
thank you it's so cool it's so fuzzy you
guys see those hair sticking off of it
hey you little guy coming into focus Hey
gee take a picture of the caterpillar
get your camera hmm
good job alright so you put it right in
there maybe we should break it because
we know if we don't do we want it to
come up like that or do you want to
break it so that there's to what make it
so it could be easier first cook honesty
how about that oh cool that's awesome
all right here we go wait wait wait wait
are we sure are we sure everyone says
this to preach it up there goes oh my
gosh Wow
look at that I wish I could do some this
is a life right here guys you get an
updated house and a really good show
while you're at it
Wow
so are we gonna paint the wood the same
color as the brick unlike the previous
owners of the house that red wood right
there oh no oh I kind of like it to be
solid good question honey you know I'm
full of those that's angry I'm really
known for having good questions in case
anyone didn't know that about me you
have the back of the brick to get all of
course really you are gonna be so busy
you have to go back to work in a few
days turn off the think about it honey
all the places step I stepped right in a
fire ant bed there's a whole bunch of
space for me to stand and I stood in the
fire at bed gosh tiffany is so cute I
heard her come over here and tell Abram
no this is pearlies playground so she's
got the caterpillar over here with some
leaves and she's giving it some playtime
Sam hey okay wouldn't be alright
good this guy worked so hard today all
day long that hard but kind of hard I
mean I work pretty hard just not like
that heart what I do know what's really
hard it's not bad I mean it works really
sticking hard up there but I want to say
that we're getting here picking colors
and we still haven't decided on one I
feel like we did we went with this one
we were like this is it and then
suddenly we changed our minds for a
little gray and a white gray white tub
scheme and maybe navy accents then we
remember a roof is red yeah and gray
might not look good with red on the roof
and then we started thinking we should
produ earth styles because there are
roof is really earth tell ish and then
when you look at earth tones of the red
roof you pretty much are looking at a
Mexican restaurant even so pizza what's
all that
food is also yeah but not for your home
I mean really the earth tones with the
Red Room citizen well thanks for coming
along with us today I hope it wasn't
super crazy for you guys oh it wasn't
like too crazy cuz it could get like so
crazy around here I can yeah thank you
kids in this woman me pretty crazy yeah
but we love you oh I remember to love
each other you guys think of this idea I
cut these shutters in half and put each
like the cut end to the ground and put
it around the whole garden
let me really now I think that'll be
enough so only half of it would be like
right here look just like this but it'd
be lower
would we take up these bricks I don't
know about that cuz I would
