would you do it Nana's house but y'all
play I played played out what else I
made a long Rapunzel oh wow
it was a maze oh how I wish I thought
made by the same guy
we've got to dance
to give
and this together morning everybody good
morning guys morning she doesn't want to
get a camera right now I'm sure so it's
another rainy morning my project is that
yet again stalled but I'm gonna go to
Home Depot get some paint peelers stop
you like to paint the pillar stop on the
peeling paint that keeps it from killing
Sega prime it and you know hold that
chipping paint off the alligatoring is
what is gold
what's your cooking just getting fresh
chicken enchiladas great everybody what
you got going on today
sweepin this morning see Lu these things
I cannot paint over this there's no way
it's ever cooked a prime I thought about
just replacing the post completely I was
like oh man I'm just getting into too
much work here and in over my head and
expense and cost just keep building up
so I'm just going to keep these here and
clean them up and paint them and E
sitting in here not shudders just
picture this you guys somehow you get
that stuck in the ground like that and
that's what you see on each side of my
garden that would be so cute Sam don't
you want to do it I love that idea
oh he likes my idea why don't we just go
ahead and visionary it for him oh it's a
little heavier than I thought well so
there's that side I love recycling stuff
from our first house that's such a cute
idea guys come on
talk them into it it's really cute right
it's funny because you kind of don't see
the difference in the house that much
but you do at the same time hmm
interesting what we should do is paint
these right here bricks yeah and and all
this concrete stain it how do you stay
in concrete concrete stain one of the
viewers talking about that Thanks
I'm gonna go to home deep okay leap leap
he loves Home Depot Sam thinks the house
looks bigger without the shutters but I
think we should just paint it do the
frames around it see how the bricks are
naturally expanded on the windows yeah
but not that one the babies that we're
gonna paint the trim all right guys here
we go I've got my peel stop no turning
back at this point starting in the front
I didn't plan on this and a painting job
begins start with this one work my way
to these ones Abram are you ready to go
get Symphony no guys I'm telling you
laundry after Hawaii is insane I've just
been cleaning and preparing getting
ready for Heath and Amanda to come over
I'm making chicken enchiladas verde and
that is one of Sam's favorite dishes I
get really nervous when I cook for
people like what if something turns out
that was my chicken strike what if they
don't like Farraday sauce I don't know I
just get really nervous about it if he
totally opened this up I don't know what
he did
do you like oh that's how you do it he
I'll be back later
I love you too bye oh my goodness Abram
can't wait to see you you look like a
soccer girl are you happy to see Bobby
did you miss him you missed Abraham's
little toes Oh would you do at Nana's
house but y'all play I played play-doh
what else I made a long oh wow it was a
man
oh I wish I saw it I shake an item I
move the bottom they all remember that
guy's fuzzy and puzzler my husband two
caterpillars think the kids are really
intrigued
hey Madeline baby buzzards going summer
to take off its skin it's like me it's a
little finger it hides him to make its
butter force his cocoon maybe just
picked up its whole body I'm pretty sure
that the colors on his skin is what kind
of wings he'll have just to give you
guys a quick update i masked off the top
part of the roof and put some peel off
all up there I still got to peel off all
alone there I think I masked off the
roof that took a long time yes that blue
tape along the edge
the whole backyard and he tore that one
up again or she torqued the other one
just tore that one hour yesterday now
this one's gone it's like I'd redo that
so I'm almost ready to paint the side
the downsides of having a dog guys all
these holes by the back door such a
bummer
keep stepping in them thank you
your your back has dinner ready yet it's
not ready yet I have to put my
enchiladas like yeah Sam is a little
picky about the texture of his tortilla
he doesn't like it soggy like not even a
little bit so I usually put my
enchiladas in the oven for 15 minutes
then take them out put the sauce and the
cheese on and cook them for another 15
minutes instead of cooking them for half
an hour with all the sauce on sorry
guests are gonna arrive any minute now
he is really nervous about it we rarely
have guests at our house we've just
always thought about our house being too
small to host guests but so we probably
won't do much blogging while they're
here just out of respect for them you
know and you know nobody wants to come
in somebody's house and expect to be on
live television
vvv fish here's the finished post I put
peel-off up there too it's pretty much
like a coat of glue any of that what do
you guys think of this idea I cut these
shutters in half and put each like the
cut end to the ground I put it around
the whole garden I think that'll be
enough so only half of it would be like
right here don't look just like this but
it'd be lower
could we take these
I don't know about that cuz that would
were wrought pretty quick yeah go down
the slide everyone's keeping us
entertained by trying to go down this
little slide he's actually getting mad
about it who's getting up there and
screaming cuz he can't go down it go
down the slide squealing where does
sniffing Eastham go I asked you first
no you did it
yes I did
I don't appreciate this bird therefore
I'm going to keep it is that his little
nest no it's just something I saw a
guest just left guys they let me make
sure they're gone they just pull out the
driveway church friends over for dinner
it was his first time having someone
over for dinner like a family we just
met like me and some of the kids food
was delicious
I can't there was all of it's gone she
still does not believe in next is
bedtime Hey so today I hope to get some
really good rest wake up early to a dry
day tomorrow so I could really get going
on this painting process I really want
to start the priming make sure you
supposed to rain tomorrow no it looks
like sunshine tomorrow's Wednesday right
awesome sunshine and if Thursday it's
supposed to storm and Friday and
Saturday
so tomorrow's my only chance to get some
stuff done and tomorrow we have to get
in bed soon and get rest for her what
we're gonna do is wake up and have a
good yummy breakfast we're gonna be
active and also kind of relax during the
day I want to have some activity for her
but have like you know lots of
relaxation time for her so you have a
big day tomorrow sweetie um this is a
big day for you this is your first very
first test day tomorrow's your first
test day you're gonna have so many test
days as you grow up can you believe that
tomorrow
what a mess
