fire fire blow it harder thought but
yeah you are my sister made by the same
guy nobody say whipped up
we've got to give
world
in this together guys how's it going
today do I look like I just rolled out
of bed because I did seriously Abram
woke up this morning like I think at
4:30 in the morning and he went right
back to sleep so I went right back to
sleep so I woke up just kind of out of
nowhere and looked at my clock and it's
9:45 I'm supposed to pick up Sandhya at
9:50 it is 1002 and we're almost Sadie's
out so I don't know I've already
accomplished hi baby
are you ready for a playdate I really
like your outfit with Doc McStuffins I
missed you
oh hey boardgames what are you playing
first games you guys have you guys need
to agree and pick a game to play
together Symphony I know you oh that was
nice Lea puppy's getting Hungry Hippos
ready over there you guys are silly are
you going night-night
no no no never a drone it's definitely
not time I don't know what we're going
to be doing after this but our kid Avram
is like whoa can I Betty good morning
guys how you doing today I'm not doing
too hot woke up pretty late actually
hate when I wake up late they flip my
whole day just was wasted now it's
almost evening time and now me and I are
going on a date pretty soon and even
though it's been raining off and on
since this morning
I really want to come out here and do
some we're taping as you can see I taped
off a couple of windows I got this one
taped off and this one and look what the
dogs did I can't believe Annie look at
her this thing took a little bit of time
to get these up there because the
surface of this is so rough and so like
not straight and yeah it took some time
but Annie here will find anything to
tear up
and now I'm just kind of reluctant on
taping the other windows because it's
supposed to rain the next couple of days
I cannot keep stuff away from these dogs
look at this they'll just find anything
and everything what the heck is this I
didn't know whether they got this that
does not belong in our yard yeah you can
have it I do need to get more toys but
it doesn't matter I throw toys out here
and this is what they do to their toys
they bite it to smithereens crazy dogs
and then she took her bed you guys
remember this right before we left for
Hawaii I put this outside for them to
play with destroyed it took their bed
out of the doghouse and destroy that
completely they still sleep on it like
that which is so funny
they haven't destroyed that you had at
least such a mess out here so many
little things to pick up
I really just not in the mood to mess
with this looks like it's going to be a
couple weeks before I even get this
house done at least a couple weeks I
seriously doubt it's going to be done by
time I go back to work especially with
the sleep schedule I have I don't know
if the jetlag or what but I'm gonna wake
up late every day since we've been home
and as you can see knees in here trying
to get the house clean in a hurry haha
we have some guests coming over tomorrow
and he always gets nervous when she has
to make dinner for guests she's such a
good cook though I don't understand why
you get nervous about it
push your cuz I'm not he's just used to
it so he thinks he's good oh my gosh I
hope that's not the case I do eat out
some time so I know hey guys what is
going on here baby
come I get you I want to get you ok I'm
leaving I'm leaving a broom hey oh yeah
you know fire
hey fire blow it harder thought but yeah
hot fire fire you blow it blow it yeah
no he doesn't want to I think you have
to introduce fire to boys a young age or
their grow up wanting to you know abuse
it like I did wish to light everything
fires boys yeah fire look blowing blood
afire yeah yes blow to phonier said hmm
do it yeah blow it she feet he doesn't
want to plow a fire anymore he that was
good boy see your tradition to it early
and they do ventures don't even mess
with it cuz it's not something you know
cool anymore it's cool when your parents
don't want you to do huh mutt let me
throw you okay come here
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo de doo de
doo doo doo doo doo doo doo doo come on
April McKean is here oh yeah who is it
he knows what's about to happen what's
about to happen buddy
ya know it was so happy he just knows
mommy's leaving he likes mckaela hey
mckaela never cries with her mm-hmm he
still getting sad about he knows we're
about the quiet
he's been so loud with me I'll bring him
okay Bobby we're horrible
shall we wittle buddy
oh man it's never been that bad before
so like he stopped he just knew it was
coming the Sun go to and like normally I
don't kiss him goodbye I just kind of
sneak out then I thought why not try to
change it up and to suit advises for
should have done that I should've not
Lee and I are going on a date we're
gonna go see what's called the gold lady
the moment in gold the woman a gothic
old lady you know what though it's funny
cuz like we have people coming over
tomorrow which is really awesome I'm
excited about it I'm not being debbie
downer because I'm having to clean but
it's like the perfect motivator to get
you going like after we've been on
vacation let me just tell y'all I have
been so unmotivated to do anything I've
done wreaths and laundry and that's
really it
look at our seats you guys so cool
this was like the place to come watch
movies when I was in high school and
look at this it's like totally all
decked out it's been renovated for like
over a year and age is our first time
you okay I'm the girl jazz I swear
sometimes I think I'm on a date with my
brother he's such a goofball sometimes
can you believe this woman I guess I
brought in your hand in hand for brother
dudette oh wait actually the security
yeah I can't believe right here a
million kids let's go upstairs
actually you can I'm not ready to
exercise good run he wants a sharper
pants or skin type and do the necessary
digging care you cray
we get pretty lucky getting in here it
was only like five theaters with the
cinema suites and our movie happen to be
it there's only one showing of this
movie right now only one theater playing
there's a play lucky getting the seats
have seen I'd like the best season ever
y'all are on the middle
I think we'll just leave that down Hey
he's lost read too much too much chicken
the food is really good guys is really
good the movie was also very good I
would totally suggest a cheese story
based on true events yes it was was
based on a painting that was taken by
the Nazis from a woman who lived in
Austria and it was just awesome I just
didn't know that big story existed it's
such a big story the painting was worth
135 million dollars it was a really good
movie you guys should definitely see it
but we're going to go pick up some food
now Sonia thinks I slow her down when
she was shopping yeah she did you paying
attention to you who like if you say
fucking step oh it's my fault because
you can't stop paying attention to me
she's just over his flat Romero and she
said you go there get onions I can't
shop on I did not say so but there could
be more I said I could be quicker if you
go that way it's tough and I go this
week it's tougher he said actually said
she'd be quicker and I disagree I'm
helping I'm helping her are you shopping
for anyone's 11 ratar-o
for tomorrow's double date night at our
house keeping his wife and the kids are
coming over if we haven't already made
that clear and he is going to make our
homemade chicken enchiladas
so far it's okay here put the Tucker
surf bar chocolate syrup makes
everything yummy see you on my camera
okay thanks man
it's got a little screen of that thank
you
well you brought in a cheap on uh Best
Buy is that that's an IV can appreciate
these you go flip it yeah you flip it up
and down ii see yourselves you can't a
you making something a selfie selfie and
we doing it well mommy wall more up will
sup yard away I'm gonna put this on
Facebook right yep here's the picture
the real thing oh girl girl hair all I'm
saying
Sandra Samuel okay I said we're just
shopping for chicken enchiladas I know
it we try to make a burrito Oh everybody
wants that Mexican food we'll see you
yeah does a nice couple wasn't it yeah
so we're trying to sign I want to get
the Prince Nia ask them what are they
drink for dinner
and they said Coke and Diet Coke both
and we don't keep either in the house
we're having to buy a whole case of coke
and a whole case of Diet Coke oh he
doesn't know same boy school yeah I'm
sure we just tell him to bring our
drinks I'm gonna make sure he doesn't
wash this home say he don't watch the
video of us preparing for your dinner so
what do you guys think I mean what do
you guys do in a case like this you go
out you just buy a case of coke for each
and then you just give them one a dinner
and tub and bring the rest home I think
that would make sense
just give me both their coke and say
here you go you can take the rest home
as a gift slug
since I've been washing the house I've
been seeing all of these slugs yeah so
guys we're gonna say goodbye now hi guys
my honey down there's done the laundry
Oh
unfocused there we go we'll see you guys
tomorrow don't forget yeah we love you
and remember to love each other
we shall just
for msg
