wait daddy he likes you you are my
sister made by the same guy loved by the
same
to give love
in this together morning Abraham what
are you doing you're stirring they were
missed airing of our eggs this morning
and yes I'm starting X in Tupperware
how's it going going good see this crazy
wiry hair uh-uh
oh they camera turned off and I fixed it
and yeah that you're wasting good job
whoa morning everyone it's her shade I
tried to get up early and it really
wasn't happening but we're up early
enough I'll make you breakfast daddy and
sister still in bed oh they did sweetie
he came to me this morning in bed Oh
King kick and get right in our face and
kiss me twice Hey Bruce
oh no so the last eight months pastures
from destruction and praying with the
pastures of Emmaus church specifically
pal with a big idea of merging our
church families to form and plant a new
low church its Abram its it huh yeah the
end we're hanging out at Nana's house
after church so that's the big news guys
our church is merging with another
little Church in Rockwall so we're gonna
come one big family pretty exciting the
churches are similar size it is you know
very similar beliefs obviously yeah so
let's begin
somebody's gonna stay here for the next
couple nights yes what are you doing guy
dodo keeping silly dad no chipping what
are you making there's a garage baby you
could put your cars
oh there goes a chicken
Oh everyone's playing with this toy nin
it has Symphony played with this a lot
as a baby I remember it
I used to pick her up after work and
this toy would be all out and she'd be
putting it together we're spending a
little time outside today it is
beautiful outside
well ball this weather today reminds me
of being in Hawaii so it got me thinking
that while we were in Hawaii Abram
learned how to say a number of new words
and I'm gonna see if he'll say them for
you guys
Abram where did we go whoo Wow Wow can
you say Beach can you say ocean happy
ocean can you say lizard mmm can you say
beach me can you say swimming can you
say swimming Abram don't cross the road
don't cross your arms you cute boy
that's another thing you learned was
don't cross your arms can you say uncle
yeah he'd learned totosai uncle let's
see what else did he learn how to say
can you say tire Wow he learned tire
uncle Michael taught him tire he learned
quite a few new words over in another
state I'm just feel really proud of him
and like it's just so cute to watch him
learn and grow and his environment was
different so he was learning the new
words he possibly wouldn't have learned
out here this early anyway
Oh coconut that's another one coconut Oh
whoo eel dirt Sam is still out here
working on cleaning the house
wait daddy he liked it gotta give the
little brother a hard time for not
helping out up there
look everybody he's like a grown boy now
he's a month old today baby Kate he's
showing his kicks stretch your legs the
sandy just got back from a road trip and
so he's stretching out look my best
friend up there guys
such a good friend
doing all that work for me for curry he
just came over and offer to help me this
is his only day off
this was a lot more work than I
anticipated for sure the pain is so
horrible I think the last time this
house is painted is probably like in the
seventies or something I know I asked
you guys this once before on what color
we should paint the house but I forgot I
was a long time ago and we decided not
to do it or something came up
maybe that music video or something but
now I'm painting it officially painting
the house and I would love to hear some
of you guys the suggestions on colors
I'm painting the brick I'm paying it all
so if you guys could give us some
suggestions I'd really appreciate it the
thing I'm most worried about is the roof
the roof is kind of a reddish color or
purplish reddish color I just want it to
go with that I don't know if I should
worry about that when deciding on the
color what we're thinking about is like
a light blue should out like a light
blue for the brick and then for the trim
bayshore like a tan color and it may be
like the shutters I'm going to redo the
shutters put different shutters up maybe
a different color or maybe adorn
different color more like three tones so
if you guys could give us an idea that'd
be awesome
so we got this brick I really want to
get rid of this brick and do one solid
color what do you guys think I really
have no idea we're kind of just playing
it by ear right now is your moment we
mad at you you're soaking wet
oh you're frozen
Fixer Eric's thanks thanks Eric I really
wanted to get the start at a time I go
back to work in ten days that I have off
work but I'm it's supposed to rain a lot
this week which is so stupid
that's the rain when I decided to start
painting the house isn't that
frustrating guys frustrating labrum
hello
you dirty deaf but here comes rain a
neighbor I'm still outside playing with
the wire brush don't be scared
yeah really nothing no no yeah oh yeah
oh hey guys what's going on guys see you
there
you're just hanging out the days over
it's quiet everyone in bed
Tiffany's at Nana's house for the next
couple days so if you guys come to our
blog to see symphony she won't be here
for the next couple days so you can take
a break from watching the vlog actually
you guys do get to see her tomorrow
because I get to interrupt naina time
and have a play date with symphony and
two of her little friends tomorrow oh
yeah okay nevermind so we went to church
and we found out some pretty big news
for our church family and I have just
been thinking about it off and on all
day I'm really excited about it and I'm
just really curious what that means for
me as the coordinator for a little
pillar and so I I just keep thinking
about that so then we went to Nana's
house and hung out we had some fun drop
symfony off that was kind of like um
like a momentous moment to me because
Symphony hasn't been to Nana's house in
like I don't know what six or seven
months so it was really cute seeing her
there playing she got a little emotional
on point cuz Nana was paying attention
to Abram um
so then do you want to recap the next
part of the day so then we came home the
abram wait first you stop that sonic
again so I scrapped the two members that
was really good I'm on a diet guys ya
know just has not been working out for
me
I'm on a diet so funny how you said in
the car today
you don't miss listen he said in the car
today you were like it's like I say I'm
on a diet and it just makes me money
more it does just like no she said no
you eat a lot anyway she said that to me
oh you're scaring me said that Meghan
you're vlogging while eating jelly beans
oh yeah just I don't know what it is I
just wanted to keep on eating my nose
just it's the stress that's in my life
right now
age thing is it an age thing is in the
nature in guys when you turn 30 to start
want to eat more and more your
metabolism slows you just kind of want
to sit around and eat more I don't know
good I'm going that way too so yeah I am
trying to die a little bit guys not diet
I'm just trying to watch what I eat a
little bit better
Oh mrs. razorblade I was looking for
today I guess we'll see you tomorrow for
another crazy wild day huh
Sam Ania right oh my fingers doing much
better I try to get something to look at
it church today but the guy who I wanted
to look at it wasn't there don't forget
we love you we do and remember to love
each other
No
my mister
we shall just
