take a bite huh
watch sissy she'll take a bite mmm look
at that juice take a bite you are my
sister made by the same guy
no butter stay
got to give
well
and this together
happened guys my fingernail came off oh
my gosh you're showing your camera
mm-hmm are you okay
burns a little bit oh my gosh
I was unraveling the extension cord just
pull it right off guys soon as I started
to get to work and I got to wrap it up
before I start working oh man that hurt
that bad one came off but when I looked
at it and saw that it was dangling off
and then it finally just fell off
started to hurt pretty bad and while Sam
works on the house outside I'm working
on a pretty cool rate if you want to see
can anybody guess what this is for its
opening week in front of the Rangers so
that means baseball season and so I
wanted to make a wreath I was hoping to
show it sooner than I am like like last
week but we went out of town so I didn't
get to do that and it's okay so I'm
going to be posting this bad boy for
sale later today
and sneaky hello what are you doing
buddy you pooping you fixing your bed
fixing your blanket no but no window
mm-hmm No Oh bubbles the ends are
bubbles did you have a good nap you did
okay
did you sleep good no did you dream
about anything did you poo-poo no do you
want to get out do you wanna get out of
bed bed okay bye bye
what-o these desperate hands first I
have to show you something all right
follow me meet you you know just
different
if you want it you can read this place
what is it I don't have oh shoot I
lost it I was gonna show up my
fingernail that I lost but I have been
spraying out in here I forgot I washed
the way never mind honey booboo long
I've been out here spraying the walls
getting ready to prime it as you can see
it's nice and clean and crappy-looking
I got a big job ahead of me to wait for
the driveway it started and I got a tape
everything off it's going to be the hard
part
I think hey Annie I was Annie Dylan
here's Annie guys I bet you miss Danny
Annie of the viewers missed you girl
- missed you you'll come inside
where's Oreo pie Oreo Andrew took good
care of her
look our source pretty much gone do you
even have to take her to the vet whoa
Danny's power washing mouse whoa Bobby
Leena baby whoa uh he wanted to go
outside really bad and then he realized
that same was doing he's kind of over it
I'm on the front of the house now he's
gonna go get me some waterproof
band-aids because I really got to keep
this thing covered I'm kind of nervous
because there's a little bit of tissue
coming out I don't know if it's adipose
tissue see that mm-hmm
a little dot mm-hmm don't worry on me
and there's about it I was right
underneath the nail may have to go see
the doctor about that and you know
what's interesting when you're married
you see like the sides of each other
that you never thought you'd see like
you saw me have kids and I'm like what's
in yours oh good coming under your hand
and we got the mayonnaise and a few
other things you all know it I'm going
to Walmart without getting other things
and we come home to this
there just came by to check on Stan
band-aids sir you're welcome
huh I should have known this was coming
you say splash so good all right guys
I'm all done with it as you see the
water is just all over the place the
kids are playing in the water yeah look
at your hands little wet booty over
there
hey Ramiro a wet Tish so I just got
their posting this wreath on my Etsy
shop and we'll see if I sell any today
I'm hoping to sell a few this season I
usually do every baseball season I sell
at least like two to four Rangers
wreaths and sometimes from that I'll
sell wreaths for other teams like one
year I made one for the New York Jets is
that baseball purchasing dinner now guys
has been a kind of a relaxing day Eric
just taught me how to well for the very
first time I welded stay with Eric he
also taught me how to cut some metal
with a torch it was really scary at
first I was like really nervous about
using the gun because it's like high
voltage I didn't realize that but um
there's really fun do you know welding
in Symphony yeah well you're gonna learn
one of these days oh my god one second
tink you don't know what welding is
either buddy you know anyway what are we
eating here honey I had frozen some
leftovers that we had a while back some
stew and I thought it out when we got
back from Hawaii and mixed it with some
rice I made corn on the cob garlic bread
and I were just coming that's what we're
eating
Lulay and Sam really likes that I
thought he wasn't gonna like it I made
into my own okay so I took cream cheese
here with some Louisiana sauce mixed it
all together and made a delicious party
of another are you need your corners
teach your corn buddy you might corn on
the cob remember you sexy got some dirty
grand gob on the Lord
Avram here eat your corn on the cob
buddy eat it you like one on the cob
Abram look take a bite huh watch sissy
she'll take a bite mmm
juice Oh take a bite it's good oh yes
bhikubhai buddy a big bite big bite even
if you don't want it fifty gonna eat it
all just wanna eat all your corn you
don't so good anyone before
tell me you do a good job little Mia I'm
coming for you don't you do a number or
a min for this don't you dare don't do
it mommy just swept the floor Symphony
hey Yugi all over the floor mommy's
gonna be upset with you okay I won't do
it put your Sam baby put in the sandbox
put in the sandbox
I'm so ticklish is so cute you want to
stamp it at me
stamp it huh oh I'm telling mama mommy
you're big dudu yeah big dude you know
you're in doodoo bye guys
don't forget how we did it like I know
so I didn't get to start painting today
I power wash the whole house tomorrow I
hope to start the priming process after
church yes the thing is going to be
other church here haters come to church
with us mom that's true is he come with
us I mean yes I don't remember what the
plan is we got to take your mom's car
and his girlfriend has a car we have so
many cars to little people but yeah
that's cool Angie's gonna go to church
this girlfriend
angers never been in the church with us
before he has been actually but um and
tomorrow church we have a big
announcement that everyone's really
curious about we do alright big church
announcement coming up tomorrow I'll let
you guys know tomorrow alright guys well
I'll see you tomorrow for another just
crazy crazy day at the Raider house this
money if by crazy you mean to run with
lazy on my part not your part I was
wasted to the to my washing but guys
don't forget we love you we do we do
thanks for you know come along to us and
we'll see them on don't forget we love
you you know to let each other get to
work
for a mess
