made by the same guy loved by the same
we've got to live
we've got to give
and this together I got my doctor's
appointment for my finger we're gonna
get all the stitches taken out and he's
gonna let me know if I can have another
week off work which I'm going to try to
get obviously our little Albert Einstein
got all of his beauty sleep last night
he's in such a good mood at the doctor's
office tiny shorts you see the ocean
putting it the ouvea wall say wah wah so
doctor said ten more days I need to at
least ten more days off work and then
we'll go from there
all the stitches are gone think the next
step of the healing process is this
fingernail falling off that's definitely
going to come off I'm really like just
nervous and I guess a little scared what
its gonna look like then it falls off
it's really good except for that thing
almost my pain is in this finger it's
really weird really look like a monster
Hobby Lobby is right down the street
from Sam's doctor's office so he's gonna
make a few calls to his work and
insurance I mean
little buddy you're gonna get some crap
I have three orders to fulfill and then
I need some vases or some extra
materials and stuff that I have at home
and then I want to get rid of can you
say Hobby Lobby can you put that in the
buggy for me thank you so much big
helper hey is this your hat no it was
well ago I took a shoe off back here put
your shoe back or we're gonna have a
family game night tonight so we gotta go
get some supplies like any suggestions
for games guys family games what do you
guys play at your house with your family
we played a lot of sequence with Michael
and ahndrea
so we're gonna get that game and hear
the suggestions
let's help me get your suggest it'll be
too late but just picking out some
plants for our ugly yard and trying to
spruce it up a little bit
hey Brook come here I gotta show you
guys some watch he was playing with a
piece of trash he threw it down he saw
Carlton here and started screaming at
Elmo I got to show you this can come
here oh man it's gone Oh the car's gone
you came running through the pit st.
Elmo's there's an orange car out there
just like Michaels BC Uncle Elmo's car
aah
it's gone now oh you guys wanna see what
I'm drinking my coffee out of our knees
down here doing the planning with
symphony watching I'm great you know I'm
a pineapple nog look at that Uncle
Michael got that for me some more I
picked it up from him over there
actually I found it you said I wouldn't
get that for you Mike cool that was
handmade by a woman who lives in Kona
where we were at
you guys wanna see what games I got for
tonight's game party I got don't break
the ice classic right I'm so excited
about that frozen version of trouble
and then tab you guys are probably
wondering why I'm dressed up in my paint
goes huh you guessed it I'm getting
started on the exterior of the house
today I went out bought some primer
bought a pressure sprayer and my plan is
to start working on it tomorrow
it's a heck of a job I'm about to tackle
heck of a job I just looked around the
house as I can't be I'm about to tackle
this but I am just not going to think
about it I'm just going to do it and get
it done because it really needs to be
done and I'm gonna paint the bricks
that's why I'm looking at it like it's
gonna be crazy
there's the same bricks as these limbs
outside and there were so much trouble
getting covered up with paint so much
trouble but I'm going to do it so real
quick guys I got to tell you yesterday I
posted a thumbnail of today's vlog
taller severe jet Lego I posted just a
picture on my Instagram and on Twitter
and I asked people to give us a good
title for it and the person's title that
had decided to use was Daniel James he
actually has a youtube account it's not
very active the last video he uploaded
was a year ago but he uploaded this one
video that I watched I want to say
probably a year ago when we first
started Daniel James has been like
commenting and very active on our
channel for a long time but I'm gonna
put a link to this video that he made
it's called revolutionary new way to put
on a fitted sheet the start of the party
just arrived looks like
my sister Rachel thank you sister
Darrell and everybody go the kitchen
Sydney has an announcement to make too
much every show looks if you got
everybody's cup please don't mind the
trash right there that one's mine which
one's uncle Matthew which one's mine
Tiffani delicious water geralyn's don't
you that was Derek cheese subpixels cup
jerilyn you get the princess company's
first board game she's playing frozen
treble I'm worried good job she's
winning - she's got one peg all the way
to the top so we're starting a family
game night with a symphony game I say
she goes to bed the real games will come
out
happy national siblings day guys uh next
game we're gonna play taboo pitcher love
to do this then they go and they always
have a trip to the snowboards how are
you yes we sure got that word virtual
knows us very well it's a type of thing
you put on your foot and it rise up
tolling it ties up it's just a good type
of Jewish no it's not a brand I'm
skipping it sneaker yeah hey this is
what you do when you want to well when
you want to cut the bread
bitch I'm logging on vlog in you I don't
care it was really annoying guys turn
here we go okay this is something as a
type of internal Oregon at torn food
goes stomach ache okay this is something
near goes and gets done once a day
because the team is distracting the
other yeah please take it easy guys it's
a manicure manicure before guys this is
a very manly type of making metal you
keep enough sheet okay this is a a
person come like an effigy you'll put in
a few no gets the bird scarecrow
we win mid win Andrew come on the guys
way I think what a call tonight it's
pretty upsetting me it's kind of set
because you want to play a bunch of
games but with our family there's really
not a party was we played the games with
Tiffany until they got here exactly
tomorrow you in there you marry again we
may play no go party huh sure but don't
forget guys we love you and remember to
love each other
xiaochun
