just like he's always he plays playing
this guy's really out of it Kenny you
wanna come with Daddy come here oh hey
by the same love my to say
we've got to give
world
in this together I was a long trip but
we may never hear and I'm in the
driver's seat who would've thought that
we've got to get along that sleep it all
up here to roll we got breakfast / lunch
coffee for everyone let's go let's go
let's go what do we always say everybody
everybody yeah
well we're home we're halfway impact we
had so much mail waiting for us
Andrew didn't check them all up at all
and within all of that we had a package
from one of you guys Julia hey since
individually wrapped
things for us and they were awaiting us
when we got home today so thank you very
much for that symphony was very excited
and Abram loved his little car Sam went
straight to the bedroom and I gotta say
I wish I could join him but the kids are
outside playing with Nana and so I'm
gonna try to sneak a little snoozer with
him for a second when when he bought
these tickets and he was like okay we
get back at our 5 a.m. or whatever I was
like okay we have to be fair with the
naps when we get home and this bed hog
over here just nap all day came straight
to the bed he's lucky I've got some
energy although it's starting to really
fade out I'm like this is gonna take a
few days for us to get used to I think
getting back to our normal lives getting
back on a regular sleep sleep schedule
there's a five hour difference between
here and Hawaii so we're already
suffering from the jetlag like already
as soon as we got here we should have
been sleeping in bed in Hawaii who why
when we got here
around noon I didn't get any sleep on
the plane every time I fell asleep
something startled me because I was just
kind of uptight already being on the
airplane though I'm doing my rounds I'm
watching the kids Nana's here too to
help out kids are doing a lot better
than we are actually it's pretty funny
everyone's getting real awesome - his
toys where's uncle Elmo boom where is he
mama human Barbie do you miss uncle Elmo
just like he's falling asleep like he's
playing this guy's really out of it
Kenny you want to come lay with Daddy
come here oh hey guy hmm
he's tired he almost passed out why he's
planted Legos Oh was sleepy guy but this
guy's hmm we just passed over here what
do you do I die
it was still forward while he was
putting the Legos together T's seriously
just pass out this is awesome
guess this guy does have some major jet
lag going on Oh buddy I love it so much
right now it's just so presently just
came over you're passed out so nervous
that you do them in port all these
little Legos there he is
pastel powers lighthouse there's the
proof oh my gosh it's just too cute this
down here guys is definitely one of the
biggest benefits of blogging I cannot
believe I just got that on camera that
has never ever happened before ever and
I happen to be vlogging with it I'm
going to happen for the first time I'm
just so excited I got that on video
that is a moment when we look back on
forever I think look at that guy use the
song down episode the Legos I just can't
believe there's just a cutest thing I've
ever seen
can't even take it I can't take it guy
okay I'll just leave you all now bye bye
dude you do too you know
look what Andrew did I think that's God
he fell asleep while playing with his
Legos how did he get it all over his
body then before he fell asleep just
crazy to me
hey wait he's gonna block they're all
late girls except for that
I've never seen him before
he's usually cranky when he's that tired
but he was just so relaxed and just
totally just passed out
mama your thigh he's tough sipping you
gotta come see this
look he's a thing he feels like my
father's Legos he does past that with
those Legos we can't let the Legos in
place
oh my gosh you passed out dude did you
feelin guy nice so my first experience
or just passing out random would be
those so cool hey cuz there's some have
narcolepsy oh we're here like was
everybody staring at me where am i one
way out here huh look you're back the
plane look geez dude hey guys it is
story time now we're good
ready to do our bedtime routine it's
probably about 8:30 here so in Hawaii
it's what like 3:30 and so it's a little
bit earlier than we're used to going to
sleep but April actually went to sleep
about 40 minutes before 8:00 and here in
Texas he usually goes to sleep at 8:00
8:15 and so he was just done he was out
I think I saw earlier
I honestly think we'll all sleep really
well tonight are you glad to be home
Symphony she's been so happy and
rambunctious and just so lively in our
home
she what are you the most happy to be
home and to you too I think I'm the most
excited to be home to our bed I just
love our new bedroom it's so comfy Sammy
any last words yeah did you know Beyonce
and jay-z were out on the Big Island in
Hawaii we were celebrating the seventh
year anniversary we should've found them
this thing with the hotels that's crazy
yeah I was just reading the news not
like it really matters but then it's
kind of interesting that is really
interesting well yeah I was definitely
most excited about the bed - I was the
first one in the bed all right guys
I guess I'll see you guys tomorrow I
think today's vlog might be kinda short
because you know we're trying to get in
the swing of things but um don't forget
as always we love you and remember to
love each other because they're keeping
