Thank You sand monster hey em you have a
fun buddy he is just loving it today
here comes everyone look out look out my
brother you are my sister made by the
same guy loved by the same
not to live
we've got to give
in this together we can making some eggs
thank you what's inside yeah what's your
side um
macaroni and not macaroni macaroni and
eggs sausages oh okay
morning guys today's a very very sad day
- please don't cry because if you cry
I'll cry tears a love stone hawai think
for the last day today we're it another
black sand beach go parasailing we're
thinking about going um ziplining we may
even go bungee jumping and scuba diving
for last day so what you guys doing you
don't want to do anything it's supposed
to being a nap if you want take a nap no
you have to you're cranky we're gonna go
to the beach buddy and you're too cranky
to go to the beach do you want to go to
the beach guess we'll just go I thought
your charter putting down don't eat with
it are you gonna miss uncle my flavor
can he say bye uncle Elmo you don't want
to say bye huh do you want to say bye oh
if it mean either
you can learn it too good now he just
feels on way because I will figure to
the chance to burn this my mom will be
there Silver's talking to Nana Dan is
back home so I want to see her when we
get back home that's the view or when we
say goodbye to what
we're going to miss these lizards
they just run around the house for a bit
everyone loves them we would yeah see
you buddy
we see you peeking out of buddy I was
just telling you right before I tuned
you guys in that she better be enjoying
this last day at the beach because we
won't be going to the beach for a very
long time again after today this is the
last time honey you ready are you sure
you better really enjoy it put some
sunscreen on do you enjoy when Abram
doesn't enjoy it
you excited Symphony you better enjoy it
okay mm-hmm ginger you ready Abram - are
you excited yeah
CM is excited uh-huh can you say Hawaii
why ha
today's our last day and ha right
hey thank you happy
you see a monster
hey yeah yeah before buddy he is just
loving it today here he comes
everyone look out look out is he okay
still dead man I did not see that coming
otherwise I would not have my camera out
there bless you buddy he's been such a
trooper out here tell us about how much
fun like the last day of our trip of
course
he warms up he's been going on to the
shore where the water can wash up on him
like really big waves washing up on him
he waits for yeah he just waits her
splashes around him that was just a
little too big for him obviously the
doggy's name is sherry can you say
sherry so sherry died sherry you do just
won't leave that doggy it's a tragic
poop was so lucky you think looks like
boop boop beep
mmm-hmm open okay let's go
that was insane try to get these kids
clean I knew this was going to be crazy
let's get out of here let's get out of
here bye bye yeah bye my booty cheeks
it's raining out here guys how perfect
that it would rain on such a sad sad day
symbolic for the tears that are
streaming down my soul Michaels final
moments with a room and of course he's
being dangerous with my son my god I was
just thinking I'm white my house is
gonna be very good tomorrow morning so
to present myself a little
okay
that's it this last transition that was
it
you don't have a stupid goodbye for the
viewers yeah person this way see Mike
Love You Man
