by the same day
together that's right we are off to the
center
sickly and I just made a deal and
Michael do we say we would both buy her
new toy and she went down the slide one
more time with me and are you going to
do it so proud of you you're such a
brave brave girl
man we had such a great time just good
time Nia she mostly had a whole day room
because he's a little bit died he's
passed out oh man the salt water was
kicking his butt so we're gonna go to
Walmart now we gotta take back our
rental car to go to Walmart getting it
Tiffany her two toys that Michael and I
promised her I had such a great time
with symphony on that boat it's just it
was just so much fun she was just such a
pleasure be out in the water with just
kicking around in her flippers she
insisted on wearing her flippers every
time she got on the water even though
she could barely use them but she was
just such a true Pratt that I couldn't
believe it she was on the slide twice
with me and just I don't know she was
just so much fun she got on the boogie
board she used the noodles she did
everything that they had to offer really
something off a high jump oh sweet high
symphony
Tiffani's showing us the way cover this
one Symphony yeah oh girl time okay
simply you got to pick a toy you got to
pick a tough one so after you talked
about that one man this is a much longer
process than I thought it was gonna be
show off the air between your toys -
that's what I mean even put it in the
middle two hours later we got the toys
we're going home now
she chose which toys she wants us each
of us to buy thankfully I got the cheap
one are you happy you went down the
slide good I don't hear from you guys so
Mike how do you feel that you ended up
paying double the price I paid Mike will
pay more for the birth and address for
the first Oh too funny here you go Siri
take me to the end of the world this is
the battlefield that that captor was
talking about on the tour that we took
more clips that we're going to check out
and these clips are known as at the end
of the world you cutie Mike you're going
right there all right
not a great shot right here yeah
that was it bad
good job
nice there's Nia and aundrea with Abram
in here we are way over here and Sammy
is getting ready to leap contemplating
do it Sam
oh my group
we're just sitting over here while the
boys cave dive or cliff dive that's what
it is
symphonies playing with hearts and
Abraham's trend on Andria's hat he was
also fixing his hair while ago with
uncle Michael's mustache comb style and
bubby I wanted to jump it I was gonna go
down there and jump but then I saw what
a hassle they've had climbing up and I
think I'm gonna skip this time it seems
really hard you got to be a good swimmer
to do it I'm not terrible we brought the
wrong stroller on this hike up the
cliffs so here's our solution works for
the baby he loves it clean that's
awesome guys
as a guitar so there you go buddy
got some cool lights on here and the
best part about it our feet in the sand
our first day we did one day Bobby's
other fish yeah yeah this is our last
night here kind of stuff so we'll be
here all day tomorrow we're leaving
tomorrow night
