just do so last-minute Christmas
shopping and this girl is just about
ready to perform at her piano recital
there you are would you what our fans
are the beat to the a to the si si
Merry Christmas guys we're off to the
North Park ball and we're gonna go just
do some last-minute Christmas shopping
can I get some stuff for a couple of the
family members and there's a bunch of
Christmas events going on at the mall
we're gonna go check that out that's
still early
it started at 10:00 and 11:00 and then
there's some stuff at noon all day thing
that began at
we made it to our destination yes we
definitely have to go there look at the
little Christmas trees they're so cute
there's a large performance of some
ballerinas let's go look at the choir
our first store of the day we're in the
ugh door I've never been in the door
before my dad requested for a new pair
oh my gosh Sam
honey but we're here for your dad did
you already get me sure hi my stocking
please anyway I'm here to find some
slippers for my dad that's what you
requested and I want to get him some
pieces I always get him like a little
bit of the cheaper ones I see I'm not
care yeah these are exactly the ones I
wanted I was looking online before we
got here
leather so you can wear them outside
let's go outside and stuff in the
morning sit on the patio the weather
will be good for her awesome
they have real birds in here in the
corner
whose Symphony look at this massive
gingerbread house
oh yeah they're all laying on top of
each other you see a big reindeer
Abra's bring a stick on a belly button
so few what are you shopping for here
babe one for Matthew and Andrea wants
the Rachel an amazing it starts right
here
yes right this way ma'am there you are
yeah uh-huh
you know how say I'm Christmas shops boy
boys for himself
my baby her hair so messy it's never
like that she got some stash in the back
of her hair and because she's riding in
her stroller I guess her heads rubbing
up against more than like what it
doesn't we're home late and so it's very
messy looking at the rear never looks
that messy but we're having so much fun
by our family it's so fun to like pick
things out that you like and you know
that they would like and really gift it
to someone it's like one of the biggest
joys of like my heart I'd love to give
things to people and this is so fun
doing it as a family you're picking
things out together bringing lunch now
guys I'm gonna show you what I got for
Andrew for Christmas I'm really excited
about Christmas you know and I'm sure
Andrews gonna be super excited when he
sees what he got Andrew if you're
watching turn off I know you're probably
not because you're not in the video but
just in case turn it off
there Barry I'm like now just go
somewhere else I'm not looking at
thousand-dollar personnel
- go start a million-dollar jacket so I
asked Andrew what he wanted besides the
cash keep he told me he wanted cash the
paper is car stuff but I don't like to
do have a Christmas so I asked him again
said Andrew what do you want man besides
that he said I don't know gift card for
clothes so I got me good card a metal
guitar and that's sweet some metal gift
now we gonna wrap no definitely wrap I
got him a new remote for his xbox
already and I just got him in there
three bucks 2018 this is the Xbox one x
one terabyte of space it's the first 4k
system by Microsoft
here means that I'm a little bit jealous
she's getting sleepy minimum when you
want that himself get it
gateway mouth
- mini Nespresso machines
alright Christmas shopping has
officially come to an end just have to
get my mom one more thing or one thing
she wants a new couch and your parents
oh just your dad's hockey and then we'll
be done and the Christmas will come and
go and the next year we'll buy it all
over again
all right we've changed out of casual
we've added some faux fur and this girl
is just about ready to perform at her
piano recital symphony is about to go do
her recital so we will say a little
prayer for her when she's not nervous
I'm already you know what's there anyway
that you'll continue have confidence up
there that you'll do well lor Heavenly
Father thank you for this beautiful
night I pray father that you'll be with
symphony on that stage just give her the
confidence but she needs to play and
perform as well she did at home and
should remember all the notes remember
all the hand movement movements and I
pray that she'll just reflect you as
well and I pray you'll be with Aaron
bubu make you feel better
Jesus name I pray amen amen
how do you feel you did Symphony Oh lazy
you did do amazing you've never put on
my panel well only on their side oh
really
I played ran a different piano upstairs
good for playing on a piano you're not
used to
you sure did baby can I take that one
yes symphony gets to pick where we go
have dinner because she's the pianist
I am I totally forgot about that place I
didn't expect you to do that hey you're
gonna play piano or not you ran around
like crazy little kid no worries I
really wanna go down so we have to go
so I've got cupcakes into baking eggies
women make viewers would you ever have
the superpower of jumping really high
and going down real slow
or did you rather have the superpower
involve is small and you could might go
anywhere oh yes like grab yourself into
a tiny ball she has a bowl yeah I would
totally rather be able to jump up high
and come back down really slow hey daddy
oh no whoa
Leonard you have tiny tiny bouncy ball
and then backyard by myself and then
grab some candy and then go buy it
I would rather of being a tiny ball size
because I could be a master of height
you see
would you rather decorate a Christmas
tree with the Grange
sitting in the living room while you're
decorating it and when you go to bed it
destroys your tree or you protect your
right ear tree while little bunch of
bugs on your tree already
bacon going for the bait I'm on a diet
guys it's called the same no diet
basically it's anything I should make to
I want to say no to the broth of a bag
of toys you ready to store this one for
each of the kids they ate the rest of
your that's a waste on that could I eat
that hot sauce oh man she ruined those
pancakes for me so I couldn't I was too
full to eat them he does took this tried
to say no to
hey guys Merry Christmas
I'm gonna say good night here by the
Christmas was just so beautiful
alright guys let's do come another day
what do you say comment of the day goes
to Bella I haven't been watching for a
while and I can't believe that Juliette
is so big it's heartbreaking me too is
crazy we went back and watched a couple
whole vlogs and we saw symphony as a
little baby she was well was she great
you realize how much like a baby she was
at three years old and then you go back
and watch you realized the difference
between three and seven is huge
especially because we've been so used to
like her more grown-up talking from like
five to seven it was also very
embarrassing watching some of her videos
so that leads to a question of the day
would you guys ever want to see us sit
and react to some of our own vlogs
because we had some pretty hilarious
moments and we're curious if you guys
would want us to share that with you and
if so what's vlog what do you think we
should watch a good reaction to see you
do this tomorrow we got some fun plans
in the morning but a really cool thing
to do with the family and then we're
gonna do something really fun in the
middle of the day don't forget guys we
love you and remember to love each other
guys
Oh
is the difference between boys and girls
look at Abraham's mother
No
