look at these Daredevils what do you
guys doing over here what are those guys
what are they pineapple pineapple oh
okay
I've done a pineapple pineapple this is
the pastor so we shoot to the box is
made by the same guy love butter thing
we've got
we've got to give
Murrell
in this together I was you love the
syrup wine I'm a girl good night
coconut serve are in Hawaii YUM we're
having pancakes this morning okay this
little one was a troublemaker last night
Abram was up for over an hour
pretty much just screaming the entire
time it was crazy
me and Sam were both like might be
trying to figure out what was going on
it was just uh it was a mess we finally
went to sleep around 2:15 in the morning
and we slept it until 8:00 but hey don't
cross your arm oh my gosh your arms the
first time we've ever seen you do that
he's so cute
do it again Abram don't cross your arms
yeah dad
put it down okay okay don't do it don't
that one under one we forfeit all right
guys you're gonna walk with me to the
pool
we're gonna go better carry those little
bitty pillows good job buddy the park
accused in like four or five hours and
aundrea is not here so I'm trying to
help she told me some things to do and
she gave me a little bit of a list of
how she wants things in the house so
it's hard for me to do anything in the
house when he keeps wanting to be
outside though
just like at home it's really hard for
me to get housework done because
everyone wants to play outside so much
well go down the stairs one time okay
just one time you want my finger okay
this is his little thing was here he
likes the stairs and he wants one of our
fingers awesome yeah coconut then he
comes over here and says coconut claps
his little hands Abram don't cross your
arms oh no oh no that the cutest thing
I've never seen - all right guys another
day in Hawaiian what a Mike and Ike
doing scavenging at the Del Michael X to
scavenge through trash like I do well
it's not trash people giving away stuff
they're going to throw away but instead
give it to this place okay we're at the
dump and not trash yet people give way
to get stuff here looks really firm
actually I come here every single time I
go to the dump
oh really yeah I usually find something
Mike's on a board game cribbage I'm sure
they know what the cribbage I've never
played last solo do we find Mike some
very nice little glasses probably worth
about a hundred bucks mr. Meyer oh
that's a hundred percent pure Kona
coffee bag just put stuff in spats cool
I like that may I have that support just
give it to me
game board game never heard of it
timeline let's buy inventions and spoke
the writers an invention I can use and
see me brought to the dump cool I got me
I got these cabinet knobs they're
probably worth about two bucks that
don't Depot some cash on my glasses they
give me like a quarter Oh Michael got
these glasses to Sam Adams glasses
Michael like Samuel Adams I pretty much
got this for free we got everything for
a dollar
I've also got a broken radio he's gonna
take apart it's pretty cool one buck hey
guys good afternoon him just woke up
from a nap he's in such a happy mood
and we're all outside of the boys are
cleaning the pool area hey they're just
scrubbing down the furniture look at
symphony you guys really put her to work
didn't you even Abraham's helping go
take it to Uncle Michael Michael okay so
here you go thank you everyone thank you
can have that we're blogging about the
ball Mike what's wrong
volcanic ash I think I think that just
blows in the air that's just like fog
but it's a steam country volcanoes and
acting the Penn stink smell like sulfur
here's something I gotta show you
something what is this yeah what is that
you don't know hmm what are these you
see those are you sure think about it
we have one of them inside the house
okay try again close
pineapples the pineapple plants go
awesome they are I've never seen a
pineapple plant aren't they cool sippy
cup cools our guys pineapple plants so
Mike's having a party tonight some of
the church members are coming some of
his friends supposed to gonna be pretty
big like 30 people
all right breaking open the massive
avocado here we got see what's inside of
this sucker I was feeling a little baby
or 80s girl from outside just like Oh
alien sac Wow think that seed I saw a
picture work I went to go stab this and
we're always throwing always there's
hands you guys see that picture I swear
just we'll do it like that
there it is excuse me beautiful let's go
swimming
where do you get the little man that's
not fair
oh wow that was sick bro we have perfect
party weather out here I think when
we're dating the shows for us and then
our internal organs will start to somber
but this is just perfect we got a nice
overcast it's bright but not raining so
that's good Tiffany Justin this is
amazing
sugar forever you are hey buddy jump in
somebody broke out the animal noodles
Sydney's alligator Sydney you got a
killer well we had you BP Tony and I
have been discussing moving out to
Hawaii
oh I already have a job lined up really
mr. Tony over there
he works in a nursing home he said he
could give me a job Toby said Tony how's
the food guys
yeah except you got chicken nuggets on
the grill YUM as you guys can see we
accidentally got black bean burgers
instead of real meat as well vegetarians
here tonight hope you guys don't mind
veggie burgers dude
that was an accident mine and Michaels
fault we don't know what real burger
look like actually just Michaels fault
he took it I was like what why are they
all black it's already cooked
look at these Daredevils what do you
guys doing over here what are those guys
what are they pineapple pineapple oh
okay
well do you like Jace is any choking
back here mrs. Travis the pastor at UH
shorebreak shorebreak Aloha so Travis
what we've seen about the pineapples
already knowledgeable pineapple right
yeah I just bought a flying wouldn't say
I'm an expert but basically you get one
pineapple point that takes well you're
gonna have to go which is why they're so
expensive in the store well but here's
the thing and why we keep all the best
pineapples for herself and we ship I was
I having to do that's true
forget all the bad ones in Texas yeah Oh
especially in Texas
Oh Jill things we get the worst of the
worst attacks hey Kayla are you buddy
I'd rather be close
and he disappeared II want to go in the
water so we're just hanging over here
when he came to your fake napping oh no
he pulls this onto my shoulder and he'll
fake nap show him go Nana are we had a
swimming party and swimming swimming
mother human did it go bye-bye I started
raining while ago rain at a pool party
and nobody left nobody went inside or
anything it was just like it was nothing
hi hi Oh jumping in the pool why would
you let me throw you one you don't want
to fly like all the boys Dania I'll do
now look like when I'm sick six or seven
how about five and a half and you have a
deal yeah all right
all right fine you went inside it got
pretty cold out here there's a breeze
going and the rains coming down there's
no Sun anymore hi
what are you doing up there buddy you
done - looks like our kids gave up
before all the other ones that's Texas
versus ho I kids for you Network pool
one of the pastors kids just came up and
call me uncle I was like I think you got
me confused for Michael and he would
just tell me that they call all the
older males uncles in the older women or
the women aunts what's what is that guys
it is it's a Hummer yeah us oh oh
almost got him out I can't catch because
my hand you don't try this is what we're
ending the party with guys is that not
beautiful what it's so gorgeous out here
a lot look at that
amazing yes I'm doing a time-lapse right
there I got green and saturate
everything is
all right the day's over knee is
cleaning up we get ready to play a board
game if you guys played sequence before
so finds a card game it's really fun
it's kind of like a card game and bingo
sorry
yeah and connect four and connect four
foot yeah so we got some big news guys
some big big news
so we've been vlogging for over 365 days
now and I think tomorrow is the best day
to take our first vlog break mm-hmm I
agree we're not gonna vlog tomorrow guys
so we decided we're gonna take a break
for Easter and put our focus on my
little excited about us taking a break
so ya know vlog on Monday where I could
have vlog come on Easter so you guys are
going to stuff a vlog for Easter to
watch but really what we want you guys
to do is open up first Corinthians 15 if
you're not familiar with the
resurrection of Jesus Christ and his
death and the significance of that we
would love for you guys instead of
watching our vlog to turn to first
Corinthians 15 just read that chapter
and you know our vlogs are about 10
minutes it'll take about 10 minutes to
read so if you guys can do that it would
be awesome I mean it's probably very
beneficial to you obviously but um and
we're going to be reading it too so it's
still like you'll be hanging out with us
you'll be doing the same thing we're
doing so what we're going to be doing
tomorrow is going to church to learn
about the resurrection of Jesus and
instead of logging at every chance I
think about vlogging instead I'm going
to read about the resurrection and get a
better knowledge of the importance and
significance of Jesus resurrecting from
the dead and so that's going to be my
goal tomorrow instead of vlogging
plus it's also a good example to set for
Symphony just to show that you know
Jesus comes first and you know we can
put blogging aside for one day just to
mm-hmm
yeah yeah we're going to make sure
siftings understands exactly why we're
doing this well thanks for coming along
with us today guys
we'll see you on Tuesday right right all
right anything else I said
well don't forget guys we love you and
remember Jesus loves you too to love
each other
