by the same guy loved by the same
to give love
well
in this together we're starting up for
day today at the beach hey bro hi buddy
the beaches here are different they're a
lot different than anything I've ever
been to you have to drive pretty far to
get to a sandy beach because all the
beaches are full of lava rocks like
those black rocks you guys have seen you
just look around me they're everywhere
the piles of them feels Hawaiian but uh
stuff for sure I had a 24-hour virus but
does it look like it's going to be 2 or
4 hours hey peaches may be really rocky
but the water is just absolutely
beautiful look at this water
look how blue it is this is a different
Beach we haven't been here yet
just like stopping at all the popular
beaches in the area and this is the one
we'll be at today this is the nicest
Petrie been to so far there's actually
going to be room for the kids to play so
that's gonna be nice see this is white
sand beach the only white sand beach all
a wife this is the only way down no
stairs I guess I'm gonna have to go get
symphony come on guys I'll carry you
from over here we have a crippled baby
on our hands get it all set up this is a
beautiful beach and the weather's
amazing right now it's not very hot out
here
who brought boogie boards this time too
so we're gonna get to go boogie boarding
what's wrong buddy you eating the sand
already
nice gonna jump off this huge tulip out
here what is that about a hundred feet
back 800 a - there's the drop guys it
doesn't look like a high drop because
the water so clear
yeah sound really pretty school fish on
the way over did you see him yeah the
white ones
yes prios that's a little short - yeah
let's do a swimming - really that's when
I saw that shark - and I should have
fast that's because we're twins we all
swim faster kissy shark was over here
building pregnant belly
where you build a bike like any
particular kind of aller
that's not really round it's getting
kind of oval actually from circles it
gets a little oval it looks like a
little Easter egg okay right sippy what
do you not weather's awesome out here we
got a lot of clouds behind us to block
the Sun sorry I'm getting horribly
burned
I took the worst swim shorts on this
trip lady this is what happens when you
sit on the beach Gilardi shorts they
fill up with sand but can you see that
see those weights in there the sand is
going in these little holes and it's
hard to get it out look at that
I said on the beach just for a little
bit I got sandbags
don't cut my leg this is awkward
sigh cutting like cutting open a fish
we're gutting a fish here free the sad
there now I'm not weighed down by my
shorts symphonies helping out
I really want to go there was there but
I can't do with the flippers on I really
taking them off so you're gonna die this
time
okay so Avery was down for a nap tips
and really cranky and just like totally
needy and whiny
so he's my lead over a nap and look at
him in here he played damn you can't see
him but well like oh he was sitting
straight up just really quiet really did
you see the top of his head and a bunch
of curls fluffed up on the top of his
hair oh so cute oh do I look really red
guys be honest with me okay I'm not
afraid of the truth
never have been but I'm hurting all over
and I used a lot of sunscreen but as you
can see I have like these strange tan
lines because I put sunscreen years no
one knows it all around here because
that's what I'm most concerned about
when I'm burned all here here sim fees
over you're talking an Anna you missed
nano Symphony are you guys talking about
you would talk it for like an hour to
everybody talking about when Katy got
big Abram had kind of a meltdown today
we took him to the beach he's probably
just not used to this weather or being
outside in it at least but on our way
home it seemed like he just had a break
and he just screaming he started
screaming this voice that I've never
even heard before he's a little bit sick
like I am and being that son was not a
good mixture feel bad we were out there
for a long time he wouldn't get in the
water for nothing either you know what
can he do good evening guys we are all
getting ready to go to church
it's Good Friday today you guys know
what that means it's the day that Jesus
was crucified so we're going to go to
church with Michael and aundrea and hear
a special sermon on that what are your
guys as traditions for Good Friday how
do y'all celebrate
and remember Eastern the real meaning
behind Easter hey you may go to church
Oh donut done anything daddy but I think
you're saying donut you're not in the
best mood today are you so we're going
to Michael's Church what your church
called it's called short break
short break short break short break
Church shore break short break shore
break I like the ocean break on the
shore so what I'm about to do Mike we
are going to celebrate Good Friday that
was Good Friday Good Friday is Good
Friday because Christ died today and
will be risen again in two days or the
third day right it's not good Friday
because he died it's Good Friday because
he's going to rise again right also
known as Holy Friday because some people
like to call it good because of what was
done but the results were awesome
obviously as good as good can get
April's trying to close the door right
now go ahead buddy close it close it can
close it
