near salon near me
yeah these are cute color mama what
salon know so I mean waiting for nail
salon you are my sister made by the same
guy love butter failure
we've got to give
well
and this together morning guys I just
thought I would show you my view I had
this morning I started my day out right
here drinking coffee on this wraparound
porch that goes all the way around and
reading the Bible with the kids it was
so relaxing it was like I don't know so
surreal I was like why haven't I been
doing this every morning we were out
here for about an hour this morning
while everyone slept and it was just so
peaceful so good so me and the girls are
going to go get our nails done while
Abram stays here and has some male
bonding time with Michael and Sam as you
can see boy time didn't last very long
Abraham's aunt out on us so Mike and I
are just hanging out Mike's working on
some kind of article for trademarking or
something like that
and guess what I'm about to do you guys
guess what I'm about to do just take one
wild guess yeah the ladies are home
let's see your nail symphony let's hear
your nails look at those are beautiful
except you're already bit one daddy
daddy
yes oh why what if we do in fact I was
looking in the cupboard yesterday look
what I found guys our sponsors right
there
and Michael and Andres covered naturebox
look they can naturebox hear that cool
so Mike do you choose your snacks or do
you let them surprise you with snacks um
surprise me and I choose my like I think
it's like you choose your sweetness
purpley little icing yeah yeah probably
same as mine yeah almonds and stuff you
guys have a favorite are the Greek
yogurt blueberry pretzels overall me too
really little definitely my favorites
yeah yes you want something here buddy
ticket for those of you who don't know
what naturebox is it's a subscription
service that delivers nutritious and
delicious snacks on a monthly basis to
your doorstep and we love nature blocks
not only because they are delicious and
wholesome ingredients but because they
vow to donate a box or a meal to the
feeding hungry foundation for every box
they delivered
right now here's some honey crunch
crisps Michael can we have some yeah
we're missing out all ours at home are
going to be sitting on our doorstep when
we get there these are the snacks that
they were surprised with honey crunch
crisps sticks and stones roasted nuts
and sesame sticks sweet blueberry
almonds and cashew power clusters so if
you guys are wanting to try nature box
you can click in our description below
for a free trial version of nature box
how do you do so what's on the agenda
for today guys Mike and I are going to
go play some tennis yeah he's down
you're working on electronics Michael's
into electronic right now tonight's
supposed to be a special day because
it's our one-year vlog over Surrey today
we've been vlogging for one whole year
and today we're going to be on lip sync
battle the premiere show is tonight and
we're supposed to be excited about that
but how'd it go oh we're getting ready
to play some tennis
I guess Michaels warming up but um I
have a virus Oh kind of virus I just
feel crappy that's not it felt really
bad I try to get to bed early try to
sleep in today but they want to get the
nose down so let that really happen
down
for what not only my Sigma Symphony fell
down running through the pool she got a
little brazen on her knee she was so
upset watch Abram cares so much about
you sissy it was just a dime-sized
abrasion check like she broke her knee
is pretty bad we're at a farmers market
in Kona and we're gonna go get some
fresh fruit and look at the UM you know
cool souvenirs but right now the boys
are trying to figure out the stroller
it's pretty hilarious there's gotta be a
button somewhere it looks like right
here I think you just kind of throw it
up in the air let it hit the ground
what does it hit one button figured out
really yeah yeah yeah okay hey you hi
buddy
go get your stroller yeah mr. fuck yeah
let's get some more papaya Mike and I
already finished all our papaya that
would fit I know you gonna find
something I've never bought for pie here
my life oh really how much are like tire
light being here I've never bought in
your entire life those are called Apple
bananas let's go see the baby bananas
there's still bananas look at these
organic avocados I have goes huge here
we would never ever see an avocado even
this big the Texas the only ones we see
are about this big that's the biggest we
see Abram eats a baby banana
are you eating baby bananas
baby everyone took two naps today two
naps he's kind of sick - I think we
actually had a pretty late start to our
day today we've been lounging around all
day just because all this don't feel I
think it's a jet lag for us but we came
out pretty late it seems like it's
already closing you're an abundant
banana Manny Manny gonna baby banana
minute matches a little baby banana
monkey banana company we're sniffing 800
here
a long time ago like seven years ago I
came to Hawaii with my friend Emily and
I got a ukulele at this very same um
farmers market it's the one you guys
seeing all Vaughn's we always like that
it's so cool
daddy spoiling his little princess oh
well hey look a melted let me see baby
oh I'm gonna get this for aunt Gracie Oh
precious it looks like the shape of a
moon that's what she said that oh it
does
we're just walking along the beach on
the lava rock where's Uncle Michael mom
the Hawaiian girl
how's your knee doing good it's not
hurting did daddy make it all better
I just kinda okay
for me to stop for some Kona coffee
coming out here Hawaii
City Michael isn't called Kona is known
for its coffee right Mike we're gonna go
see like a coffee farm we should do that
if any we're all right here
Kona
and that's where we live and we're right
here in this tiny little town tomorrow
when I go up here all here to a little
spot up here
yeah just like you
daddy's a good dancer
alright guys well since today is our one
year of log reverse very we can't end
the vlog without answering some of your
guys's questions unfortunately we did
get
unfortunate we didn't get to make a
compilation video so we're just going to
answer some questions what do you got a
mobile app saved I know more questions
let me go get them question number one
comes from Sophie Dahlberg do you ever
get tired of vlogging daily do you ever
feel like quitting YouTube and living a
normal life I guess I don't really
particularly feel like I get tired of
vlogging daily but some days it's more
challenging like I feel like it's gonna
be a boring vlog when Sam's working or
sleeping I don't know I just feel a lot
of pressure to like stay active with the
kids but also take care of my you know
daily duties as a housewife and stuff
like that
just like anything that you're doing
routinely constantly you know on a daily
basis there's hard times that question
question number two comes from Kelsey
k-96 what has been the best thing about
vlogging what are you looking forward to
in the future with vlogging Sippy wants
to be a part of the QA come on we're
kids the best thing about vlogging for
me is that we started this at a time
where like Abram was really young and I
was kind of dealing for a little bit of
postpartum issues and it just like
forced our family to be close to get up
get out of the house and be close and I
feel like me and Sam as a couple and
then also as parents we've grown so much
closer since we started vlogging I'm
gonna get teary-eyed talking about it it
really has it's brought our family
really close this medicine really
close-knit bunched up one of the best
parts for me was also on top of that is
it gives me a reason to be creative
every day with my family and I love you
know being a family man and I love
getting creative on the computer and so
I can combine those things with vlogger
that's my favorite part
what are we looking forward to in the
future I think just you know building
our channel getting to know more of you
guys learning more about just what we're
doing getting better at it
I really wing to that one last and final
question guys comes from comes from
coca-cola five five one Nia would you
ever be willing to share your story
about it happened with your real mom
a lot of you guys have been asking that
and right now the answer is no I don't
feel like I can talk about it on camera
and if I'm going to do it I should sit
down and like vlog with Bebo and talk
about it because it's kind of a serious
emotional thing for me and my family all
right guys well thanks a lot for
sticking with us throughout the year a
lot of you who did guess that's it for
today tomorrow we're going to do some
exciting things go exploring and some
caves and stuff right Mike
right then cool Bay and then cool Bay
whatever that is and to continue this
vlog reverser e1 your vlog over sory
that we're having tomorrow I'm going to
announce the top subscribers that we
have on Sam Ania according to our
analytics on the channel but anyway guys
we'll see you tomorrow don't forget we
all love you and remember we love each
other I know
with investing
