a proposed on you made by the same love
by the same yard lift up
we've got to give
well won't
in this together your basic a proposed
coffee combination oil topped off with
come look at good prank number one of
many after service
I'm just kidding out no fall doodle but
this is what I had planned for if we
were at home I was gonna go outside with
the kids and play put some dirt down in
his cup good morning guys welcome to our
April Fool's Day Nia has already got me
twice I can't believe that she got me
before I got her I feel really sick
about it real sick I got her again guys
bought that stuff while you're out
yesterday to get me you gotta be joking
me something else
what's this what is that well maybe you
hold upside down
so trying to blower what you were to go
turn on the sink it last time to turn on
let's say she got sprayed of water
pretty special water does she know I
should do that again what was behind
there honey would you burn hey we woke
up this morning to find us on Good
Morning America a couple of our friends
at those videos of us from last year's
April Fool's prank when I put the
jellies on the fridge let's go get the
coconuts my foot love coconuts you
sanitize your hands first always
sanitized before we open coconuts right
I don't know
get real sanitized
come on rub it in sweetie oh yeah well
you got a rubbin named kitty mr. Hanson
Fezzik thank you what's me it's stinky
what do you mean stick is just hand
sanitizer just like you've always used
wait so sandy Syria this kick keep
running into girls away
he's a greener outside I did what makes
you think that all he says I need one
squirt of so yeah but this is hands of
ties everything baggies sleeve well
April Fool's that's a hand sanitizer
babe you know pretty thing it's corn
syrup oh I tricked you you have syrup
all over your hands I'm gonna clean it
up
we had some old coconut so this is all
dried out and hard you're all railroads
a little bit sausage Oh super hurt okay
good what yeah simply look daddy's gonna
do it I've never done before it's just
water
this is thick soil
there's a little sour it's like sweat Oh
gross
some things that good no it's not then
oh no I just said Tim here we give it to
me I don't want dignity back up
April's prank again I'm gonna spoil
everybody's food today is that what's
gonna happen where's boy everybody's
food drinks all day long he opened it up
what a prize
let's cross screen yeah we all think it
doesn't it's just a strong food come cut
it open
I still get cutting open kitty what what
your default no biryeo get ready to go
to the beach preparing some snacks for
Nia some delicious snacks cut out Center
for you
toothpaste in center Ohio reassemble
Oreo
you can see this guy's living it already
this is a black and white sand beach
right get some Oreos or something cause
he is he wants if you get him yeah you
tell me how it is a naughty boy
he says it's just saying I got in the
Oreos you may
my gosh Rochelle annoying what it kind
of tasted good I was like I didn't know
we got mint Oreo laughs I said did you
get a good chunk of it kind Neverland
oh you doing get the most of it you ate
it kind of good
my heart was mint Oreo take another bike
oh it's just two guys on it brush your
teeth my stay at the beach that worked
out so well not really she liked that oh
she wasn't supposed to like it but you
know he did that
baby it's okay she's all alone just sit
right in front of her say can I help you
trying to get symphony to go sit with
her surgery clothes for your urban
Wow why should you do
it's a part of her
but now the leanest gutro you went from
lock it was helping build a castle we
will show
smash it smash it abram special your
head special your head
you know what's going on you just get
more more Barry
a breeze out you suppose my dear cute
Mike stopped on the side of the road
he's going to pick some papayas from
this tree I think it belongs to somebody
you don't think it belongs somebody oh
no thanks
what's this private Robert there but yes
really this the sign is behind a tree
table
the sign is behind the tree or hash it's
right on the same line but this is the
sticker hide there demikhov so just to
go ahead of the beliefs pull it out and
pop it open a door yeah I could climb it
like this lizard is coming out of it
shake oh oh they smash really easily
don't know crud did you just do that no
no fill in that pipe what they're so
good
Kiki come to puff up a pyre come on keep
shaking that tree sorry
hi tandem bike school do you need a
harness that's too high you think so no
why he's gonna do this Scott loves
papaya Sam's up next shaking the oppa
pie tree Oh got it
is it good don't grab one more there's
two more orange ones up there let's see
if you can get to catch one Sam oh good
catch
all right guys we're gonna eat the
papaya that we hand-picked from the
neighbor's tree all sorted with many
before oh yeah we're gonna try with
mayonnaise that's weird yeah everyone
look Minnie I read that it's really good
with mayonnaise so Mike and I are gonna
try it out
cities are cute yeah in airplane you
like the book hey eat it with the Vice
yeah let me have fun so you can eat the
most mayonnaise on camera oh now your
gag I don't like this but I always love
papaya
do you like mayonnaise cuz I like nice I
dare you big scoop of mayonnaise guys
mayonnaise it's good for the soul mmm
we love discuss feed actually kind of
strong we get that much hate that much
mean any kind of hurts your tummy yeah
he's something you sicko what what did I
mean yes not really not make attention
you should because it's gonna make you
can Justin Tiffany on a body manners no
mayonnaise look at this come at Raya
it's good me another bite oh my gosh I
gotta bite it you eat another bite
alright go go it's good that's why it's
good for your card that's what I read
we're just talking Viacom is so
important to do today please take a bite
haha I don't even like the papaya or
mayonnaise I don't like either one don't
like why are you kidding me
not that one it just kind of where it
tastes like cantaloupe I love papaya
when it's in a can so a little bit of
papaya little mini what the heck oh my
god
you got you good
you got me real good honey
so the poem is I like an April Fool's on
you okay
for their mister
shop
