you are my sister made by the same guy
loved by the same
got to give
well we'll know
in this together once you go through the
beads now I do is Mikey yeah romantic
guys we are in Hawaii thinking Michael's
beautiful home I get to stand look at
that view every was obsessed with a pole
but I'm upset with this ocean view think
that was even a lizard sitting right
there does Michael working on his brand
route company right that's exactly right
thank you you're welcome the free
advertisement hi honey morning guys we
got a pearl leis on what am i late
Michael picked us up at the airport last
night and brought us leis and they cool
these are real leis somebody like stitch
that together with leaves hot low so
today our plan is to go to the beach of
course and Michael and I are gonna go
get haircuts together because that's
what we do that's tradition for us we
get together we get our haircuts done
I'm so white compared to just kind of
embarrassing no white I am yeah late he
is pretty white oh sure new ID Hawaii
Shh let's create a man
whitey do you get it because you're
white just add like what Oh Wyatt the ND
@ YT ye okay yes yeah recover whitey
so we woke up here at around 5 a.m. we
slept in big time can you believe that 5
a.m. your time that is our time now
12:12 p.m. so we slept in is really
weird getting up that early and feeling
like you overslept I really did I woke
up with a headache Nia woke up with the
headache
he loves that word he just can't stop
saying it why that's Michaels computer
buddy you can't play with that come here
get over here
look at this guys like the house is just
so beautiful out here so we're having to
take two cars because there's so many of
us Mike and I are going to ride in the
Land Cruiser was a shout out for Mike's
company brand recom guys check it out
that's the old logo look at the new one
where's it at I bred recom sailrite.com
how custom website new design same great
taste what so what is brand route Mike
um I sell business names too
startups and uh you know entrepreneurs
looking for a name for their business
that's it
dead calm yeah the dot-com domain name
leaving those beautiful hills up there
look at that as also I'm going on top of
that hill
you do a family photo shoot love the way
they hold hands
Lexia my gosh let's take on we'll take
our shoes off symfony do you want to
yeah I do
so imagine the black sand beach and
Michael's not very pleased with it has a
really long drive that's why we drove
like it 2 hours almost to get here I
think it's cool it's really hot but it's
pretty soft it does get really good down
here up there is pretty sharp sitting
here everyone Abram let's go see the
Wawa daddy
whoa a good way all right buddy we're
coming up here Sydney you see the
coconut some trees behind you
we're going to go look for coconuts when
we're done look up in the trees black
sand
it looks like soil and you think it's
going to stick to your hand but when you
let it out that's an that's just tiny
pebbles how cool the sand is awesome but
this is another part of the ABP inside
that water
Avram
hi
their ghost Amy and Michael into the
unknown
oh my gosh how cool
I don't know if Sam's ever been
snorkeling before I know I've never been
in
who want to go Tiffany's been talking
about coconut since we arrived in Hawaii
or before we arrived in Hawaii I kept
moving to bring my GoPro we were out
there snorkeling for the first time ever
you can I didn't bring my GoPro out here
Hannah something and I was so making
sure that I brought my GoPro but um
anyway would ago again had a better spot
Michael said and I'll get some cocoa for
fish this I'm cracked open ones right
there
yes listen right there back there come
on cutie think how beautiful these trees
alright so awesome I wish I live there
these Michael does Tiffany found her
first while coconut it's not exactly a
great one but still a coconut right
so proud my little Explorer most little
girls wouldn't get in here
but your pioneer girl huh if you simply
look I found a dinosaur bone look at
this dinosaur bone it's a dinosaur leg
in that coat you want to touch it
I'm kidding sound ice furball it's part
of the trees see the big leaves up there
it's from those big leaves it's a
coconut
we found some we found three good ones I
think I licked it
no thank you coconut is it net nut you
piece it's a nut
don't lick it buddy ain't no yucky not
yet buddy we got to break it open first
guys we're gonna jump all the stuff
right here into this abyss not really
looks like yellow looks like a blueberry
jelly out of the wall - into the cities
in the sewers Wow look at this guy's
nervous for here was the kids here's my
job
was it scary Matthew bad did you lose
your stuff no way down
I'll start your foot oh man Travie goes
crazy yeah a little bit too brave a
thing it was like wow it would take
every ounce of bravery either these are
professionals to cliff divers come on
just say yes please
Oh Oh see there you go right there that
was enough to keep me from going events
got it she was rich
he's a father
any pointers just go nope
did you like start to shift in midair
Sam's contemplating he's get a little
nervous
you can do it Sammy Michael's still in
the water what he needs to stay down
there you're brave need you to tell me
to be brave huh
tell me Matt tell daddy fiebre bring me
there your brain
here go Sammy he's up next he doesn't
have to think about he's so brave he
just like jumps right in sort of feels
like at the edge right at the leap just
do it man Sam is recording man Sam
you're erasing a lot of tape I know it's
been recording I'm not stopping we're
going to see you again you're going to
come right back out we love you I'm
ready go you got this
I'll be waiting with a big fat kiss
I hope I got it there they are the
fearless brave boys Samuel how was it
you don't want to do it again I'm so
proud of you that was awesome Oh how's
your hand
Oh No oh man I'm still alive
you did so good how bad oh my gosh some
salty water so once I jumped we had a
swimmer here go underneath these rocks
and get up over there you have to use
the water to help get you up that's the
way for the right ways that comes to
lift you up onto the high rocks and I
got over to my rock rose I'm very still
edge another way came I pull me back
down Wow okay that was so exhilarating
but close amazing you run away home now
that was wild that was just so crazy
Mike I was talking about the feeling you
have before he hit the water it's like
you're completely beside yourself you
can forget your existence at the last
moment
but I was taking up my face my head
because you were at the bottom of the
store dinner supply system yeah that's
what I feel like my little faces the
stores like my to make fun of me when I
come up out of water for sure I also
felt like my body was like being
stretched do you have like a stretch
sensation looks like it's like here
because big pull down but I want to go
up yeah I think the second clue
we're home now and we're all looking
like tomatoes especially me
feeling tomato honey look at my shoulder
oh my gosh yeah that's right we weren't
even out there all day but our battery's
about to die guys we got to tell you
guys April fools the joke's on you we
got you guys our vacation was actually
planned that was not spontaneous alone
it was still very fun meeting it was a
week in advance we kept a secret we
wanted to make it an April Fool's joke I
think we took it maybe a little too far
I don't know but what does have fun we
started planning like yeah let's pretend
a book get up and be like whoo let's get
her clothes and put it over here and be
like oh yeah I already got impact we
need a walk in the hallway with a
handful of clothes those are already
pre-packed
playboy guys April fools on all of you
we got you all right guys we'll see you
tomorrow don't forget we love you and
remember to love each other tomorrow
we're going snorkeling and hang out on
the beach again probably not a great
idea but we're going to anyway cuz it's
just amazing out here anyway we just
feel so fortunate that Michael and Andre
opened our home to us pretty incredible
anyway we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
guys
you
