okay the rules for our garage sale day
are we both get 15 dollars to spend and
when we're done with our trip we're
going to see who spent it the most
wisely
and you guys are going to be the judge
of that my brother you are my sister
by the same guy love my disdain
we've got to give
and this together good morning guys I'm
trying to get ready for my call I'm
doing another live Mommy and Me chat
with baby league this morning and once
again it's on baby sleep moderator ok
ready ready look at knee is set up guys
she's seeing a box as the tripod I just
got back from a senior photo shoot this
is my first time actually shooting with
my hurt finger and it went well
just held the camera like this this
finger just kind of resting on the lens
so it wasn't that hard I thought it
might be painful because the camera is
so heavy I'll have to show you guys some
of the pictures when I'm done uploading
him but I'm on my way home I saw a bunch
of garage sales I'm trying to get need
to go to some garage sales with me today
when she's done with her little live
talk it's all one place is a daycare
going out of business and they were
selling a bunch of toys for children
they had like a little four-wheeler for
like Abraham's age I really want to stop
and get it but I don't have any cash so
when he's done doing that that's
probably will do guys this is my fourth
grade teacher mrs. Butler she just came
over to get some reads how crazy is that
I know I'm gonna know when I see you in
the vlog I still think that's Nia like
you're still near the fun you were like
creative and I just think that's still
Mia but I was trying to think all the
way over here who was in your class I
know Caitlin Caitlin Jordan Richard yes
he's ready to go bro selling we're gonna
ROG selling guys on this beautiful
beautiful day out here we have guns are
chillin in a very long time in fact you
guys were with us last time we win we're
like yeah that's the last time we win
are you sure it's been a long time would
you find Symphony a kid yards down the
kid huh here's the garage I was talking
about guys but the little dresser sold
it's not out here anymore
so happy see the Elmo there's a nice TV
honey Tiffany do you know who this is
G Tweety yeah how much is the Pooh Bear
forty forty okay
that's out of my budget this week's
Bible verse be you kind huh one to
another
yeah to one another's I was supposed to
say see here's not a garbage still right
next door
Odessa garbage why'd you say that they
look brand-new you get anything you like
because anything you like let me know
pick it up and send it to you yeah a
panda look guys I stumble across a
woodworker he makes cabinetry he's gonna
show me a shop Oh Oh shadow chop this
big and with the forklift inside look at
this huge shop Symphony this is kinda
like daddy's woodshop but much bigger
didn't know this was over here how cool
this guy's a real woodworker so he does
it all by himself huh found a shirt for
Symphony go green don't you want to go
green never room so you had everybody
Sam thinks that he's found his $15 worth
of stuff should we check it so how's it
work did you put your feet under it
don't you like that don't you put your
feet under it
No
like that's how you do it this is too
easy is that really how you do it huh
let me try
yeah delay back honey
mmm like this no I think supposed to lay
on your stomach this is how you do it
right okay so we're at the Genesis
center now we decided to come here
because that's a donate a bunch of bags
of clothes that we've had our little
closet what you excited about that got
cute this is guys a black & decker
workbench cut it go watch your fingers
you won't touch me like that again the
drill press buddy mm-hmm here's a clamp
over here you know the screwdriver oh
here's a saw here the saw cut the wood
cut the wood cut the wood good job
good worker why are they calling her
code your baby so I'm replacing our
doors here soon and I thought I found a
really good find a bunch of interior
doorknobs $5.00 half price 250 each so
when I open them up all they have inside
the path during all this one's goal the
other ones are silver but just half and
all of them somebody donated a bunch of
half doorknobs
CJ's sue we got here baby hey where you
go having a hard time figuring out how
to pull it and make the music come out
oh you don't turn it off silly head pull
the string there's really nothing here
Thank You vetal you set sighs we found a
nest a cell we are gonna go inside this
house and check it out see if we can
find anything so far the competition is
really like one sided Sam is totally
kicking my butt I have bought one thing
and it's not even for myself and it's
not even something that we totally
needed and so yeah I am determined that
at this house I'm going to find
something that I need or want or can
make amazing yeah Oh what what they
closed that five I'm gonna try to work
my way into their hearts
there you go
there's Nia we found one more grow cell
this is the last one
everybody else is closed the only thing
I see that's cool here are these boots
what's inside the magic box afternoon
ooh
nothing all right so we're home now guys
we went to several garage there's a lot
of prospects but a lot of them were just
like does know we went to s they sell
they turn us away they were close we
went to several cross sells we just
started too late that's what it was but
we got some cool stuff I think we think
huh I think we did show us what you got
first okay I'll go first here's my pal
over here guys
I spent a total of five dollars and
seventy five cents all right show so G
got polka dot dress one second
sweetheart I got this polka dot dress
I'm going to try it on for you later and
and show you what it looks like before
and after I accessorize it okay I got
Abram this little book and all of the
buttons work it tells you the colors you
open it up it's a really good condition
and last but not least I got the chef's
master stove top stop girl you know top
of the burner you can cook things on it
as if it were a grill so I'm gonna try
it out for too much can't be as seen on
TV looks really old but looks like it's
in brand-new shape inside the box
yeah it does it looks an apron love some
book as you can see so here's what I got
guys an old planer it's like a smooth
playing craftsman toy I got a purse I
tried Drive corner tool for drawing for
my kit this is only a dollar i brand-new
on amazon cost $9 so I've got these
shears metal shears for cutting material
like aluminum or plastic or anything
really well I try not so I'll have these
in the shop if I need I bought these
four quarters that they're really cool
they're so cute little tacks
little wood and I got this is the best
time at least I got a pair newcomers
converse five bucks teller that must
look brand-new they fit they're my size
our perfect fit they have just enough
wearing tears really good to have enough
winter for one they have just enough
wear and tear to look like you know worn
in pair converse we all know converse
look their best when they're a little
dirty and a little worn in that's true
and all that I spent $9 well you got the
toy in the book don't don't cheapen out
on an overtime okay you did get the toy
in the button right like it was for
everyone
she's very old so I couldn't say no it
was only a quarter $0.50 it was uh yeah
that's fifty cents and I got symphony
this Bonnie favorite mother Goose rhymes
for clothes no ten buck 975 total why
okay so you got one two three four five
six seven things for 975 that's in junk
yep and I got three so who's the winner
guys you guys be the judge who won Sam
or Nia I think we both the curtain I
think we did pretty good but I gotta say
I'm jealous commerce I made a homemade
chicken pot pie today hopefully it'll
turn out good okay guys so here's my $2
garage sale fine for the day come back
tomorrow to see how I transform it for
church into a neo version of this dress
that's adorable cutie mmm will you lose
cute this is hot that's embarrassed how
about that - Dada
yeah fifty really good black and white
and polka dots are in style no matter
what age or era they're from seriously
though thanks a lot for coming along to
ascribes we really do appreciate you we
appreciate all the positive comments you
guys leave us we read all the comments
and we're just so uplifted by you guys
thank you so much for just being a part
of our lives and until tomorrow
don't forget oh yeah meet Kristen
everyone this is Kristen stump guess the
tree
at an old basketball court thought that
one was kind of interesting that's cool
and I made her laugh BAM you get that
real smile I'm just cool kind of show us
her shy side we did some inter capping
down thought that was kind of
interesting we had to do some on the
train tracks we were right next to it so
we just went for it then we started
break out the model shots get the model
poses going here we really went for a
model shot here I really like this one's
kind of really cool when I'm done
editing it model pose that's just a you
know personal shot so that's basically
it and remember to love each other
but then nesting
but then mister
he's still working
