biggest boy he flirting yeah anybody
ever blow a kiss
oh that is my sister made by the same
guy
nobody say
to give
well
in this together yeah good morning buddy
dipper boy mean me
good morning Symphony do you guys want
to see what I did this morning yes we do
it's already boxed up so I can't show
you and I wanted to vlog it but I just
wasn't dressed in stuff Oh get ba get
look at this week I made this is gonna
be the new signature Mia spring wreath
it's called nautical blossom oh wow
isn't that so cute yeah your eye level
so it's in focus think that that's
really cute isn't it cute guys it's for
Samantha she ordered it and she gave me
free rein she said I just want navy and
lime-green in it or bright green since I
love me look guys were growing flowers
when's if I were going to bloom that's
what I'm wondering
ah it's blooming it bloomed it bloomed
what a beautiful oh we got another one
hey bruh pick that flower and bring it
inside pick the flower Abram
oh there's beautiful sweetie okay guys
let me just tell you so I just sent a
picture that rates to Samantha and she
said oh my gosh I love it my jaw
literally dropped simply just noticed
that I got paint on my hurt finger she's
very disappointed it's so dumb because I
could get paint anywhere on my hand
except one street right there on my
pinky I'm sorry I did that to myself
tempting will you ever forgive me
Torche Italy I was tortured lately now
visionary what is torture maybe okay
totally
all right thanks how's everybody doing
today we're having a really lagging day
today we are not having I knew she's
gonna say that I am but I'm catching up
you are he's been so productive I just
got home like 20 minutes ago
if you're looking on her schoolwork mean
Abram over here we're working on the
house come on Abram he's my little
hopper today it's really sweet
come here buddy come help me work there
you go you want to do one whoa come over
here come over here all right here we go
okay you ready
gotta put an L right there one two buddy
oh you want to hold all by himself
look I got this dad leave this little
man uh get pull the trigger you ready 1
2 you gotta help me I need your help
buddy I can have you you want to help me
sweetie go ahead hold it
Oh one two three whoa you pull that
yourself look at that big girl good job
and so sweet i following me around
helping me he wants to do the hose but
but stuck his booty stuck so this is my
first time I teach symphony something a
little more depth as far as vocabulary
and grammar goes and we're going
sound-alike words they sound exactly the
same but they have different meanings
she learned the word T Sun toe tail hair
and blue six different words we talked
about today and I feel like she'll
remember them pretty well because she
knew what most of them were just by
going through them she could tell you
know picture word orientation that's the
site like this is us a son like Abram is
mommy son okay Nix is the friend that
goes up in this in the sky and what's
different about the two words what looks
different about the words are they the
exact same or are they different
are they spelled differently ah-ha-ha-ha
bound has an S oh and that one has a s
and it's gonna end uh uh s you and it's
the biggest part of sweetie I've ever
made what are you logging right now I
was what tricks come on amber Oh chase
come on in welcome to our mess alright
have fun getting doors launch a if we're
going to take a hundred thousand people
with us so this is cherry
guys you guys seen him a couple times in
the vlogs he's one of my oldest buddies
we've known each other since like middle
school little school right
first rate and he's been a good friend
off and on yeah so I'm gonna go get some
doors I decided to replace all the doors
I was just going to get like two one for
our bedroom and one for the bathroom but
I say you know since Chase is your with
the truck might as well just get all the
doors it's gonna be a lot of work cuz I
got a paint Amal
this truck is really loud that's why I'm
screaming look at all these doors the
cheese from do I like this door look at
this door checks it's nice and solid and
just like squarish too heavy he wants me
to bring my electric we can measure them
and make sure that we're getting all the
right sizes which makes sense you got to
cut all those doorknob holes and all
these doors run in different sizes
especially my old house their problem
not going to fit just buying them
straight out here today so I'll have to
go take off my doors and bring it back
look Annie nor you so good any as a
friend you get along so well
hey guys hi
hi Annie
Oh yo come here girl are you so scared
of us like that's what Annie does when
try to call were you clear clear clear
Oreo don't be scared come here a lot of
you guys have been asking us about us
getting a second dog we announced a few
vlogs ago that we picked up this girl of
the streets every time we let Annie out
she'd come back home with her and then I
took Annie over into the backyard locked
her in the back yard and she kept
showing up in the front yard just
looking for her so I think she's I don't
know if she's dumped over here or what
but she's definitely abused so she's
definitely a better place now either way
if she had a previous owner well I'm
glad that she's away from there
they drink so much water now just put
their water in a big Home Depot bucket
cuz these thing is gonna last but like a
few minutes for these two girls what is
it my daughter why simply doesn't like
when I call her my daughter you're my
daughter
that's how the Irish say right guys
you're my daughter oh my god like can
you say that way how would you like me I
say it's Anthony where is my daughter
there I'll say it like that okay has
anybody seen my daughter yeah everyone
gave the keys to Annie look around her
neck Annie come here come here
you crazy dog
you tell her Avram yeah get the keys can
you get him hey Annie
be careful so what a boy come here and
he let me help you there you go buddy
can we take out the other night Abram
woke up screaming and he and I both went
to his room is a different kind of
screen we knew something was wrong we
went to his room he was tangled up and
thread those crazies like around his
neck around his arm arms and he's like
stuck in the corner of the bed just like
screaming as I hope how the world of
that happen I have no idea you know what
is life okay I'll move it for you
dig dig we you guys in a swingset don't
you this thing is getting old leftover
stew for Annie oh man it's like a dream
come true / oh wow she ain't the whole
thing right there biggest boy you
flirting yeah anybody ever blurry kiss
oh that is ticking oh my gosh here
little daredevil he's a flirt here take
a look a pretty girl Annie you know
their names
what are you doing guy you love's
outside please
I'm just now opening up our mail from
the PIO box from earlier today and we
just have to say thank you to the harder
family they sent this very adorable card
and a generous gift on the inside thank
you so much I was so sweet was cuff
everybody hey cup come introduce
yourself but you want to be a blogger
there's no original gonna be a blogger
right
hey room is being so loving to the baby
look they come here I'll make it better
is it your little daddy no no bubby Oh
baby that's so sweet thank you for
trying mommy to the rescue oh I have a
cold I can't hold them like torture okay
today Sidney show them how to vlog honey
chill not hard
sure they weren't three shells we liked
your movie kick in the balls
Oh home home okay they can't see me and
um it was really really fun in it at the
end he's so cute
that they were looking for her her mom
and and it was so kidding me you guys
cry oh well I didn't cry I just had
tears in my eyes oh Christ
yeah he really glad like four times did
he really
uh-huh he gets it up his daddy Eric's a
very sensitive guy he hides it behind
all that beard scared a bloom look at
that scared face it's so sweet he was
playing with the remote actually change
the channel
oh dude you gonna get mad when you put
the Remo Jersey that is what he's
connecting it yeah Eric does nothing
okay it's not that time you'd simply are
going to say our prayers and I've got a
little cold
symphonie to sneeze when I go in I
thought oh no I hope she's like getting
it cuz Abram kind of has it anyways guys
we're gonna tell you goodnight for the
day thank you so much for coming along
with us make sure you come back tomorrow
to enjoy more fun with our family don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other laney in tomorrow after
breakfast
