I heard hi it's all done already did
everybody its work yeah good
hi guys can you turn your bedroom you
are my sister made by the same guy
but a stay
we've got to me
we've got to give
in this together you guys see this we
have lotion one of you guys sent us that
lotion all over here I've already
cleaned up the big huge pile that was
right there little Abram what did you do
see ya look at that messy guys you want
to take a bubble bath you need one I was
just on the phone with symphonies
potential school for a primer and while
I was on the phone Abram got this lotion
and made this mess so exciting news
Symphony I'm gonna be doing an
assessment for the school not this next
week but the week after that and I'm so
nervous and excited for her symphony is
really smart and intelligent she knows a
lot of different things that you know
her age should know and um I'm just
really nervous for her to sit down with
someone and have to answer questions and
I'm not going to be there to like coach
her through it white bubble
good morning by the way I don't know if
you can tell that even has a little cold
and when I got him out of his bed this
way there was throw up in it I heard him
cough in the middle of the night one I
had no he's throw up and you didn't cry
for me when he did that big fall good
morning guys how are you guys doing
today it's not really morning but feels
like my morning cuz I'm getting a really
late start today hey buddy I just woke
up from his nap I hate getting late
start out so much to do today
I gotta go outside paint the doors hey
buddy what's up man what's up dude sup
dude Oh
I got you I got you thank you sick you
okay you okay
mommy's fixing up our new bedroom as
soon as she's done guys will get to show
you what our new room looks like but not
until then what's so awesome in there
smells so good baby that new room smell
so nice looks so good in there looks
like a little getaway so we're about to
go pick up symphony but before we go do
that I want to let you guys in on a
little secret I have a little surprise
planned for symphony for tomorrow
tomorrow morning and I bought the
tickets on score big calm save on every
ticket every day and that's exactly what
we did for these tickets I'm not going
to tell you where we're going until we
go tomorrow
this is score big calm first of all I
didn't know that this event was coming
to our area until getting on here so
that was really cool
on score big calm you save up to 60%
below box-office price on tickets for
NBA Tickets NBA NFL NHL Broadway shows
music theater and everything in between
you go to get my tickets pick my seating
and then you could go down here and bid
on it you name your ticket price for
example I want to get the tickets for
$60 my success potential is about 50%
but you don't have to bid on the tickets
that's just one way to do you can also
just buy them straight out for a
discounted rate we saved about 30%
compared to other ticket agencies online
we paid $25 less per ticket on average
when I compared it to the other ticket
prices so that was really cool that's
$75 about 3 tickets for the show so if
you're looking for something really fun
to do at a really fun price guys check
out score big calm it's awesome I
promise you'll love it and score big
thank you so much for sponsoring today's
video and for making this event tomorrow
possible Cynthia's going to be so
excited and I think you guys are going
to be excited too it's a really cool
thing that's going on in our area let's
go pick up sissy come on you ready
he's still not feeling so hot but we got
to go get her and since he's not feeling
good I know he won't want to stay here
with daddy without me and daddy is in
the back working so he can't go right
now we're ready to get our cystic
hi maybe Oh we get no sleepy girls good
they missed each other so my Symphony
wants to come see our room I'm not going
to show you our room yet guys I want to
show symphony and show you her reaction
Wow somebody cares a lot about me guys
look what somebody sent me one of you
guys I'm sure whoever it was thank you
so much
I really feel cared about by getting the
stock house as you guys know I hurt my
finger so I'm unable to build dog house
right now and somebody thought of me and
sent this out I was really kind so I'm
going to put this together for the docs
right now since we have two of them I'm
gonna build the one I'm gonna build is
gonna be for Annie I'll keep this one
for our new dog miss Oreo right here hey
buddy
somebody's peek at me in the window
popcorn can I have a bite can I have a
bite hey guys hi cutie
I'm out here painting I'm letting the
primer dry right here and while that
dries how many get started on this all
right hi it's all done already give
everybody its work okay hi guys
can we turn our new bedroom yeah first
you have our new light switch boom
second you have this amazing amazing
okay Sam is so good oh your laundry on
the inside this is it cubby for Sam's
Club pajamas swimwear pan clothes snow
clothes t-shirts shorts belts belts are
gonna marry okay then come over here you
have our new room our bed and operate
Brown bed set here's our dresser here we
have close to say this thing mainly
holds my clothes this is Sam's one
drawer here really yep the rest I don't
know about this yes we have our own
personal nightstands
this one's mine I guess oh okay oh
really if you're just docked in books
here that just little slide up via here
ever since the over here marine Sam's
mother was a Marine
I might update that to match the remote
Rosemarie and then this is my son I keep
my son hearts in there and this is our
wall over here the blank wall this is
our new little daughter here isn't she
beautiful
we love you you are new we love you can
we keep you forever this is our new bed
set this is the mirror John seemed it
was a pain in there it was hi guys I'm
shirtless the weather's great so all we
need to do now is get a new door for the
bathroom right here a new door for the
bedroom and then I need to touch up this
stuff I still need a paint me this is
just primed scan worked so hard on this
room in so many different ways alright
evening I gotta show you something
outside follow me everyone come here
buddy let's cross hi what in the world
is that what is it
it's your new bedroom that's where you
gonna sleep for now on QT you get to
sleep outside yes that's what it is
smarty pants hey bro come here he's
spitting inside that bowl come here
Abram get the doghouse gonna get inside
again thank you whoever sent this to us
she owes her awesome
she hasn't warmed up to it yet I try to
put it in there a couple times
hey Annie Amy
no no no no yeah go inside go inside the
doghouse look hi
go inside Annie hey Annie Annie Annie
Annie hey there you go that's how you
warm her up you got to go in there with
her
oh hi Annie
you like your dog yes what is this
here's our dinner for tonight grilled
avocados stuffed with our cousin open
wine yes I made a Mexican port wrote
pork roast in the crock-pot and I
grilled avocados nothing great
good job sweet girl thinking if he's
already ready look at his finger this
over while he's trying to pop yeah you
can't picture those in pretty same time
you know what's amazing everything daddy
um when mommy gets done reading I mean
putting a broom to bed she's gonna read
me a story that you got me for I don't
know if you want to come with us to read
it or not I do want to come you want to
see this music video sure this is a
really good song you young ladies would
very much love it I think it's called
while we're young I'll learn about it
while I was working today it's by one
girl nation it's a Christian song it's
just so good it's about um loving Jesus
while we're young it's about living
without regrets and without a heartache
and it really like kind of feels
familiar for me Nia I think because both
of us we live for Jesus while we were
young and neither one of us have any
regrets whatsoever
we lived life to the fullest and made
decisions based on what God would want
for our lives and just it's been amazing
this up to this point I've absolutely no
regrets up to this point and this song
is kind of about that I'm gonna show
symphony it's such a beautiful song you
have to check it out I'm gonna put a
link down in the description
we have to check out kind of sounds like
our opening tour
Oh
see this my way
Wow
cool girl huh Symphony and I had the
coolest revelation tonight do you want
to tell the viewers what happened while
you're getting ready Symphony what
happened while you're getting dressed
for bed tonight you picked out your Sam
and Nia shirt I picked out my Sam and me
sir and but and what do I hear my mom
singing huh the Sam and me a song when
I'm warning my family Shh what is that
call something like that happens what's
it called what's called a coincidence
quit thinking it's not a coincidence
that you happen to be wearing the
salmony shirt while mommy was seeing in
the Sam ania song one coincidence guys
she was so excited when we both realized
that I was singing it while she's
wearing a shirt she literally ran to me
jumped on my arms and we started
spinning around jumping up and down and
she was like can you believe something
like this happy mommy bitch he rang in
the room and told me all about it she's
so cute and I love her oh I did love
this girl but his gift to God not the
Christ and you can give when Cain saw
that God like tables present but not his
own he was angry sorry guys I'm really
I'm sorry to interrupt but I'm gonna say
good night on the vlog do you guys like
the floors opposed him look at that nice
and shiny I have a special surprise for
you in the morning we're getting up
early okay
we're going to go somewhere and see
something as a family alright guys we'll
see you tomorrow morning bright and
early
don't forget we love you and remember to
love each other right me too
again this too
