so the only thing I'm worried about on
this visit is that he's gonna tell me I
can go back to work I want him to tell
me that I'm gonna be up that's what I'm
hoping for when it comes in I'm like
look so bad dog there's nothing that's
helping the pain just nothing I'm not
wanting pain medication or anything
by the same guy we've got to live
got to give
in this together what do you think
people's birthday is today
Oh your Bevo's birthday presents so
you're a birthday president right so we
have that Campbell guy coming over Cable
Guy and guess what the culprit was to
our internet service being down just
take a wild guess guys this is what
Annie's been up to digging holes tearing
wires tearing up pillows she just throw
up another pillow over there
clean up the other one but she bit right
through our cable wire right here and it
was my fault
I had it drooping right here because I
replaced the siding outside of my house
right there cuz it's rotting Annie get
over here you know we were inside we're
all frustrated me and ander trying to
figure out where the internet was down
and is all because of you I don't know
if I want to give you breakfast this
morning now do you want breakfast he
doesn't like this Sam you see we see
your juice Bubbe
is the Sun frustrating you are your eyes
hurting Abram has since it arrives just
like this guy is so sad will come out of
Walmart sometimes and he just starts
first thing and he'll like bury his head
in my body as far as he can
I have photophobia sensitivities like
pace to where were stasis for dry eyes
it creates tears I've never had
sensitive eyes not know what it's like
anyway we're on our way to Sam's
follow-up doctor's appointment with the
hand specialist
you nervous
yes here pretend like I'm the daughter
losing Dave he's probably gonna be so
upset with you and look like you and
rotten does it look better to you and is
exposed
okay time ago that when you got good
news this is all they used honey was a
band-aid I don't like any but it was mad
at me rapid rapid am I'm gonna
unsubscribe if you don't wrap it this is
what the doctor did just a band-aid it
looks like it's gonna hurt when they
take that off though
I know this is people's birthday and
attention should be on her but I got to
share with you guys that I photograph
this whole menu I took a picture that
boy so I got the heat is on the front
page little pictures of alcohol
beverages here not so proud of some
nachos enchiladas quesadillas pretty
good
happy birthday Bebo how old are you
seven I was going to guess
that was
thank you
they just came around the corner singing
like a big singing choo-choo train we
even know it's coming
don't leave us okay well I can't wait
have fun okay
just a follow-up on yesterday's vlog Nia
is now changing that corn infested
diaper right honey right there in the
back seat hang in there buddy nap time
is over and it's playtime every day
after they're an absolutely avery women
symphony even playing outside only this
time a room is so low and he's rocking
the man drug if I do say so myself he
rocked it bless you come on
oh my gosh let's see you what this
mister is up to in here oh very nice
what you working on ah be careful
- so these are the cabinets for our
laundry area that I'm working on cool
and I'm just dressing them up a little
bit with some nice mud in here looks
really good it's gonna look really cool
it's just basically framing it I'll put
some nice handles on it then I'm gonna
prime this and paint it I was gonna get
some new wood front because this was so
ugly but I didn't feel like paying out
the money for it honestly I thought
we've been putting too much into this
really yeah quite a bit so I decided
just to keep the boards to clean them up
and paint um you know dress them up with
that and I'm cleaning the yard and a
broom I say mama mama what do you want
bubby what do you need baby
oh okay guys so I turned the pull over
and kind of flatten it out so we could
put the toys in the pool and sit outside
of it Abram cut in and started saying
ma'am yeah ma'am yeah he thought he like
cute in here and so do i that is Annie
hey buddy
what you doing guys in just a few more
hours we're gonna have bedroom furniture
and super excited I've got to go get our
bedroom ready for that so I'm gonna give
you that well the boys have your outside
since y'all here I'm Mary Ann seriously
doing stuff with this saw isn't he what
are you doing in here you're working
with the saw don't like it do you guys
like it doesn't it make you just cringe
thinking about what if his already hurt
and got stuck in there again oh that
make you cringe I'm gonna walk out
though I'm gonna go in the house real
quick okay Abraham's in the pool no
water do
today's the big day guys we finally
found a bedroom set I wasn't sold before
we got two so today Eric and I are going
to go pick it up
and I'm just reading the text messages
that Nia will send me back and forth
this approach was person chosen still
available like yes she's like yay I'm so
excited the whole set right yay it would
be my hubby and his friend and a white
pickup okay sounds good and gives the
address so yeah we finally got the sad
not exactly the one we wanted but we got
it for a really good price and we
desperately need furniture and it comes
with everything we wanted it comes with
a dresser mirror two nice hands in the
bed the bed frame is really kinda made
to make our bed
sometimes I make sometimes she makes
them he works at night I wanna make the
bed just room to get right back in it I
get up when you get in sometimes you get
into some way everybody makes a bid so
you get back in it no that is the moon
by a remaining moon our furnitures here
the boys are out there unloading the
truck so I'm excited I'm kind of nervous
it's gonna be loud it is asleep no it
looks nice
thank you Eric dress right here goes
tiny corners in the hallway Oh what are
we gonna do what are y'all gonna do well
this is what I was working on today the
doors for this put up this trim around
it mmm yeah so all right guys well don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other forever
