the house your friend so she's an
acquaintance if you just met her she's
an acquaintance not a friend symphony
hey 439 for too long I don't even know
what to do I put it on and I go oh my
brother you are my sister
by the same guy
by the same yard we've got
we've got to give
well
in this together where you guys going
mr. fireman mmm apart I'm going to stay
here and do what's best yes recover hey
close that for you guys though it's
interesting having Sam home on these
days I get up with the family cuz
normally he is sleeping or working and
so he's getting to see like I guess like
my routines and the things that I do
late at night and early in the morning
all the things he doesn't get to see the
like last night I had like five loads of
laundry to fold and I usually watch
Netflix I'll do it and I was like okay
say no I'm going to sit down and do my
stuff who are you gonna do and I don't
know it's just interesting it's so
different those of you who have husbands
who work out of town or overnight you
will relate to me it's kind of a new
thing to get used to when your husband's
off work and like up and Adam with the
family but I love it it's amazing like
we woke up this morning we snuggled in
bed we had breakfast together so much
fun and then moments like this like dad
a because symphonies here today you guys
look up at me I've been fixing your
bangs and like flipping them all
backwards okay I can't look on her and
she's got a braid in the back it looks
really cute too when her hair's all down
she told me one day mommy I want to have
my hair like yours and I flip my whoa I
flip my hair back when I curl its eyes
are doing it turns or hers does really
good at curls real bouncy and stuff guys
like how cute our doggies look
they sure are so cute look at the baby
can you guys see him ton of there oh my
gosh look at that he's so cute sandy
such a trooper 11 days and she's up and
out and heaven thing I spy a tiny little
person over there it is so weird seeing
Abram be like not the baby anymore like
Kate the baby oh my goodness
where's definitely some puddle like crow
within to the side you look at April
shorts all the front oh man I ran back
oh oh no he'll dry symphony is being
such a good big sister she is insisting
that she stays they burn because she
doesn't want to leave him sure we left
today
she said Abram is gonna be our puppy man
if we're gonna play puppy to show me
today she said guess what Mommy when I
have my first baby I'm naming it cuff
Cade and she named her dog Crocker she's
getting the picture about my name's so
such a girly thing to do finger kids
I started thinking a baby name say - I
don't know what me started flooding into
my head like what what if I need a
reserved lists from the uterus up to the
brain I know this name popped in my head
and I do not like this name I'm very
sorry if it's your name
I just don't want it for my kids but it
keeps her in the head what is the
Timothy no Taylor but then I did that
kar lor that keeps coming into my head
hailer I don't run my oh my it was a
quite frozen and she played your game
already so now it's your turn to play
her game they made up I think them I
think they're playing frozen I just
heard them talking about the castle this
little guy is spilling up a cup with
rocks high ground he loved that
the baby got to come out of his little
cocoon where's his face oh my gosh she's
so cute can't hold a ball it is like
some crazy Texas weather lately but you
don't know was gonna be hot or cold and
it is really hot today and I got to go
to the grocery store kid-free I'd like
to tell you guys having Sam home all
week long has got some major perks I'm
really sad the way that the perks came
about but it's so cool I got to go to
the grocery store say it just seemed
like half the time there then it
normally takes and I was way way more
productive than I ever ate this is my
view of guys well I'm just cleaning
eating my lunch he's so busy he sits up
every now and again it looks around to
see if everyone's outside making my
sandbox really won't make a sandbox out
here what wha your toes in the water huh
does your toes that way I'm not you're
working in the woodshop working on our
laundry area and I'm using the table saw
and I'm just like oh really just like
shake it up every time I try to use it
every time I use it just kind of makes
me really nervous but I'm doing good I'm
being very safe keeping my hands away
from the blade and now I'm down to
basically a band-aid it is seeping
through though so it's because I bumped
it I don't tell me it she's like where
is your dressing at think honey it's
okay she was you are not a doctor maybe
I should put it back on there and I like
pretty bad I'm stripping these borders
to make trim because the trim that was
originally there and shorter than the
pieces Home Depot offers I'm having to
strip it down I don't like being
disabled
all right no more of those dangerous
cuts I did not like doing that but I had
to be done hey shoot me that wasn't very
nice can you help him get his fire truck
to turn safely guys can you tell said
yeah but yeah oh Wow
kill the boy
he took up all the frosting do you hear
him
he's part of it ah yeah nut you know I
just got back from the library I had to
go upload our vlog it took over an hour
to get that sucker up do you know what I
did though I took my laptop in there and
asked him to hold the laptop over the
counter I ran into Home Depot so I have
to sit there why uploaded those knots in
them to hold it for me
our internet what now we're supposed to
see internet this should be rapport then
hopefully between 8:00 and 10:00 what's
up what's new honey what you've been
doing
oh just cooking dinner waiting for you
we tried a new snack that we got stay at
Walmart is really good call him up corn
chips delicious and I make videos for
dinner so much now yours mom same
already oh sorry yeah so would you make
a little son on a stick oh is it a Pluto
Saturn is it a yellow moon a yellow moon
Oh stick hey that's that very nice line
Oh what well now it's a bellybutton
would you guys like to see Abraham's
first time to eat a corn cob the cutest
thing you ever did see now
Oh buddy is it good
is it good yummy
yeah that's good that's real good
that's delicious truly delectable for
truly adorable your close-up of him who
see you love a double yeah he's gonna
have some cold poopoo tomorrow you ready
honey cuz I can't change it the best
thing in the world to eat over here at
the dinner table look over Abram and he
was just staring at me waiting for my
attention
now look at him he starts to like show
off like this see zoom stared at me and
then we'll look at him I see you
he just loves making daddy proud don't
we all we all love just we all just want
to make her that proud I make sure every
time he trusts my attention that I
noticed him I put my eyes on him and I
respond I make it a conscious effort to
show him that I'm proud and I always
will for the rest of both of our lives
well at least for one of our lives
because one of us are gonna go for the
other I'm sure Josh maybe was like that
today we're talking about how like one
day these little people we love so much
out there good and die one day whether
we're here to see it or not well or I'm
gonna cut off their can this get
depressing we're trying to be positive
here honey
this is a positive Channel we don't talk
about depth of our baby can you hear me
people like isn't that crazy
yeah keep it up there every day
we talk about something
when birthday friends
birthday my dream what friend
no her name yet
the house your friend so she's an
acquaintance if you just met her she's
an acquaintance not a friend symphony oh
boy 30 I'm for too long I don't even
know what to do I put it on and I go oh
how about you're off the burner honey I
need a nominee no GoPro water gosh let
it burn what let it burn let it burn let
it burn of course you have to make a
frozen well I dropped the camera and the
corn and I had to choose one people the
day's all over with here's my medic
station here mm-hmm look like it's
improving
maybe a little thanks for coming along
with us today guys
oh I just won't let you guys know we
have a couple surprises come up a minor
surprise this week a little bigger
surprise later on but um just stay tuned
for that we're going to be announcing
that pretty soon but um hey we wanted to
do like a Q&A for a one-year compilation
video like kind of like incorporate
incorporate incorporate incorporate a
Q&A inside of a compilation one-year
compilation video so why don't you guys
start asking us your questions in this
video related to vlogging for a year and
we'll do kind of like an interview type
deal in between like clips from
throughout the year or something like
that I don't know but anyway guys we'll
see you tomorrow don't forget we love
you and remember to love each other
No
but then this the
