we have it easy off it's an oven cleaner
that's got to do it right there that
will definitely get it off this doesn't
do it I don't know
we've got to give
and this together good morning we're
headed to church how's everyone doing
this morning Symphony has serenaded us
the whole way little Johnny's phone
how's it go
you guys know that Nursery Rhyme nana
thought that to Symphony it's weird
because nursery rooms from back in the
day are kind of gross on some of them
and they don't really make sense like
have y'all heard the one about John
Brown's baby John Brown's baby had a
cold upon his chest so they rubbed it
with Kampfer aidid oil a conversation
with my dad last night went really well
we talked for like 20 minutes basically
what we talked about was table saw
injuries he recently had a table saw
injury about a year ago and then he
apologized for being insensitive about
my injury it's money out here look as
bad as the second one that I posted on
Facebook which is true he didn't realize
the extent of the damage at first but
went really well it was really good here
for me it was like we haven't even
stopped talking it's really cool we
laughed a lot it was cool but really
good conversation I think I'm gonna call
him back later it was kind of late so
I'm gonna get to talk for very long he's
about to go to bed your own little belt
did you make that belt it looks like you
made it
look at super mommy over here oh dude
Esther speech she's still nursing her he
since he got sick right since he was
sick it just totally backtracked and he
cannot you know burn to bed without her
seizures okay we gotta maintain these
chunker's she will maintain the chunky
laughing babies awake yeah you're gonna
get him
so I just unwrapped my hand and it is
itching so bad guys that you I just want
to grab it and the doctor told me that
I'm not supposed to get it wet right now
but as a nurse I really hate it when
people try to tell me what to do
medically okay so I'm gonna slip my
hands in this really warm water here we
go okay oh oh man I should not have done
that I should not have done that it's
funny huh you're so cute you're so
worried about me oh my gosh all day
today he's been doing his crazy things
with his hand like we backed up a broom
like this put his hand around a rose I
picked him up I still have a thumb and
index and middle finger for you now I
gotta find something to get this blood
off without scrubbing it they don't have
any like epson salt or anything so I'm
having to use like what we have we have
easy-off it's an oven cleaner that's got
to do it right there that'll definitely
get it off this doesn't do it I don't
know what will
you want you know what let's try some
bleach Oh
ooh nope that burns too bad put that
back in the water so Sam just showed
Symphony his unwrapped pinkie what did
you say that was like I kind of hot dog
oh no she did say that you guys want to
see what do you think it looks like I'm
down to one finger look all I have one
finger traps I don't need to wrap this
one any more does not hurt do you guys
agree much because I don't agree with
that showing really fast hey sweetie
those of you who are on my side you need
to get in those comments
tell them about that video
right here do you guys see what's gonna
happen any minute he could just bang it
right on this door uh-uh daddy wrapped
it up okay wrap it up
do y'all see what I see while he does it
watch where his hands are at one wrong
move and he's gonna bang him on that but
I think it's so cute he's recently just
been growl is that good he's just
recently been crabbing him lately and
just showing me these are my feet does
that taste good bunny no why are you
biting it then think cars that you do
roll it he wants you to roll it do that
under some Union so I was in the bed
minding my own business trying to take a
Sunday nap and guess who tries to wake
me up she did she tried to wake me up I
said honey sleeping is good for the
healing process and she said okay honey
I'll wake you up in a little bit I did
and told it was ready so dinner's ready
now we're eating Japanese sliders Asian
chicken sliders Oh Asian so then could
Chinese and Japanese sliders cute these
are guys see she packs them with her
little concoction here think it's hot in
here
brother time brother bonding time so
cute
he's coming into yoga night
bunny Abram tell him night then please
turn to go no night what are we going to
be reading tonight we have our Bible
stories from the Old Testament and lift
the flap questions and answers tonight
we are on why he lifts up the flaps and
it gives you really cool facts let's
read one with a Beaver's you want to why
do bees like flowers because that's
where they find their food bees eat
nectar and pollen they suck nectar
straight from the flower and carry
pollen away on their eggs that's why
it's neat huh no I don't think they do
it on their feet well I guess maybe I
think they do it their antennas though
right Oh on their legs yeah it is on
their feet good job don't forget to come
back tomorrow guys for another exciting
day with the Raiders we are going to be
doing what are we doing tomorrow
I went to the park with Sandy and Cuffy
and the new baby and I don't know what
else we have planned
thank you guys for coming along with us
today we'll see you all tomorrow don't
forget we love you and remember to love
each other
