how do you feel in honey annoyed why are
you so annoyed it's not like there's a
police car behind you
she just got pulled over guys made by
the same guy
by the same
we've got to give
well
in this together over time good morning
everybody
morning buddy look at him over there
pretending to school what you working on
over there buddy mathematics English
really Oh Oh kevie Larry sorry Tiffany
what do you work on good morning
everyone so Sam decided to take a shower
all by himself today and it's kind of
fun you get a look
he's really learning how to work with
that mangled hand of his life I was in
the shower he didn't help hey bro what's
in your hair oh he wants to see bug well
you want the bug come here and talk to
mommy about it yeah I know that must be
kind of frustrating hey we can't have it
just cuz you wanna come here baby
and you guys Symphony's nothing she
found it she was so excited that she
found it and he's been trying to take it
from her ever since let him have it cuz
he's the baby ah yay now he feels better
we distracted him with the outdoors
he's kind of venturing out there there
you go he loves it outside oh so I am
getting ready to take my wreaths and
other orders to the post office and
that's why he's getting to play outside
well I do it I woke up in some pain this
morning last night while I was sleeping
we have our bed up against the wall our
mattresses on the floor and I went to go
turn I guess put my hand underneath my
pillow I like to lay like this and when
I went to go do that the tips of my
fingers just went right into the wall I
was like yeah pretend didn't happen but
it hurt all night long I was trying to
keep it elevated and everything so I
woke up took some pain medications and
feels a lot better now so we got to go
out and donate some stuff again for the
most part I'm starting to get a little
bit used to having one hand I don't have
one hand of more than money and I've one
hand and a half I still have my thumb
and pointer finger which I've learned I
do most everything with I'm able to hold
my talent dry myself off I'll make it up
okay not wash cuz I gotta keep it dry
hey what are you doing out here hey you
he's dead of running when I came out
here
what are you doing i simpiy are you
ready to leave oh hi Anna
hey broom can have a kiss mmm did you
hear him guys please get his outfit you
guys Abram was just so made for summit
weather look at that outfit look at his
legs coming out everyone says it's so
boring to dress boys but I don't think
so I love it I love dressing him up like
a little boy putting its tennis shoes on
and get dirty how do you feel honey
annoyed
why are you so annoyed it's not like
there's a police car behind you she just
got pulled over guys I'll break fighters
out
all right brake light is out and I left
the house in a rush didn't bring my
purse which means I don't have my wallet
or license oh yeah dad
here comes is your license under a
different name Oh Nia she'll yes I go by
the I'm sorry NIAC HDL oh I didn't get a
ticket yay here's really nice he was
very informative and he was just like
just so you know you need your license
for this reason he was just so nice
about it is there any reason why your
registration well to like well not a
good reason though like he'll take care
of that for me you can't take care of it
without um closure it's hard so we got
to go get that done we are totally
behind it's all because of logging yeah
that's my excuse you uh
Oh God
I took it uh-huh hey guys so for like
only the second time of my life the
other day I got some really fancy makeup
and I want to show it to you guys so
some of you have been kind of like
giving me tips about my eyebrows and I
know what the problem is I was using
really crappy eyebrow pencils and they
were just really horrible like the line
was really thin and when you went go to
like put it on it was like just too
sharp I don't know how to explain it but
I just have really weird shaped eyebrows
I always have and I've had people look
at them like for waxing them and stuff
and growing them out it's just not an
option like I don't know anyway so I use
eyebrow pencils and so I got this one
from Ulta and I wanted to show it to you
guys so like my other pencil would leave
really sharp lines as I drew in the area
like right here I feel like I've got a
big gap in my eyebrow and so I like to
kind of put a little bit of pencil on
there my other one just made such a
sharp dark line I know that um they
still don't look like perfect because
some of you have very nicely giving me
tips and advice on my eyebrows and I've
always had trouble with them so it's not
offensive and it doesn't embarrass me
but I do try to find my products that
work the best for me in this area
because I'm not a makeup B girl I never
happened but anyways this is the most
exciting part I got some Tarte fearless
blush and it's like a wax it's called
cheek stain and I love it oh my gosh I'm
so excited you basically just like rub
it on an area you want see how it's like
a really like dark thing just rub it on
and right now I look kind of like a
clown and you just kind of like brush it
on where you want it alright so there
you go I feel like this side looks
darker than this side let me check one
out
can you drive the car
Sam's changing out our rear taillight
back there brake light whatever change
it
yes would have hit the brake
Oh daddy's teaching Symphony and he'd be
nice to her did you guys see that we
adopted another dog
she just been roaming the neighborhood
for the past week or so and she just
doesn't seem like there's a home so I'll
let her stay back here in the backyard
before I injured my hand my plan was to
get started on a dog house at some point
first I needed to finish our room then I
needed to build a workbench but I think
before the workbench I'm going to build
a doghouse and I just noticed that I
have a concrete slab outside in my
backyard or I we've always had it but I
just realized I could use this as the
foundation for the doghouse it's like a
perfect size look at this right here and
you get on there let's eat see look
perfect size and then we should gets
bigger be big enough so I'm pretty much
going to build a miniature house right
here it's going to be a dream doghouse
and I want to build a little deck for it
in the front I'm not sure how I'm going
to do that yet but I'm gonna build a
slanted roof on it I want to be able to
take the roof off so I can easily clean
it and just spray it down with the hose
so that's something I've been thinking
about probably end up just like drawing
out the plants and on the back side of
it over here I'm going to put a window
so I could look out my window and look
in her window and see her inside the
doghouse it's like such a perfect size
I'm really excited about it if I
finished my cleat for my wooden mallet
here it is this is all I wanted to build
and I left that on there on purpose
because I want to always remember the
piece that took a part of my finger I
put my sweat blood and tears into this
piece so here's what it is as you can
see these are all custom-made for the
different hammers don't put this one
here right there my mallet will go right
there Oh somewhat right there something
like that what do you guys think oh man
I love you love these ha ha
the da ah day
oh mama alligator alligator alligator
what at the Abram went poopy can you
change his diaper for me oh can I come
where do I get how do I get an
invitation if you have to check it if
you got it you dick okay well would I
guess is that it right there
open it up yep I'm in vain' Tate 'add to
the parade of Stacey's birthday yes so
excited let's go is that it shut the
parade no that's over here no that's the
things well where she sleeps at her
birthday would you make under here she
miss a memory phone what a store
birthday what are you talking about kids
it's your birthday where there's a store
and it's a birthday well he's about to
go to the store and get me some
non-stick dressing I have this dressing
nice like me hold it sorry will he with
his unwrapped hand oh yeah oh I have
this oil emulsion dressing and it's the
psycho but it's just drying so fast and
it's sticking to the wound every time I
take it up and like take some with it
it's hurting so bad and he's gonna make
the run to the store get some nonstick
that that doesn't look like this it's
solid so at the end this vlog after the
insight I'm going to put some
trip footage in there for you for the
people who want to see it it's gruesome
yeah morning pretty bad it's some of the
stuff that I left out that looks really
bad you can really see the damage to my
finger and those in the end of footage
so those of you are interested I'm
letting you know it's at the end of the
in slate in this vlog alright guys and
you just went to the store I'm gonna
call my dad back
I've watched is cracked I'm gonna call
my dad back if you didn't get that
alright here we go
I have him under daddy I will father
pops daddy oh
it's kind of late there
and he said tried that right
dad hey good that are you
mr.
I'll be
but they missed
you
