last night need my dressing Benjamin or
Benji for sure oh so I want to take a
bad binge today I'm you ready are we
really saying goodbye to him oh well did
get a new guy never putting a new one on
I guess I could still be Benji yeah
Benji will get a new outfit today
nervous guys I came here so you do know
you are my sister
by the same guy loved my to say
we've got to give
where I won't
in this together good morning everybody
how's everybody doing I'm feeling extra
thankful this money just really thankful
to be a lot of things we'll have a
family thankful that I can hold my
vlogger with my other hand I'm thankful
that I have insurance I can go see a
doctor
you forgot to wake up extra early
because she has to get three people read
you right now not just two right honey
right you guys see this hair this is
hair I did wake up early enough do you
guys see this her Mia fits it I went in
there to go do my hair and put the wax
in my hand those like me I need your
help I forgot I can't do this with one
hand are you ready to see what's inside
of here really kind of creepy out a
little bit
I'm nervous guys I'll let you know right
before we do it obviously it'll be
obvious before we do it so you guys can
skip over it if you want to but for
those of you are interested I'm going to
leave it in the vlog I know knee is
interested oh yeah I'm not a blood and
guts kind of girl but I'm a Sam kind of
girl so I am interested in his hand come
on just step over it what just step over
sweetie come on look there's a little
passage right here yeah don't be scared
come on be brave you can do it come on
baby
she's had some bad experiences with ants
we're following the leader what do you
think of that statue right there Wow
oh yeah what do you think of that does
it look like anything to you
does it does it look like a person oh
yeah
does it look like the pregnant lady hmm
look at these two crackles oh yeah
which horse looks like the hotel tonight
that had a dream had polka dot polka
dots uh-huh
what color were the polkadot black and
brownish brownish don't want reddish
there were reddish did it look like
blood kind yeah they did mm-hmm I was
Donna think Symphony predicted my injury
through a green nervous guys I came here
so you do know you fracture the right be
really hoping I don't have surgery on it
but we'll see what happens
that's me come on are you asking me hey
don't
good good good here it goes guys dr.
Rodriguez here you two let's see you to
pieces
let me go down there yeah okay
Benji and a little cut right there
kitty using a bandit II think it might
slide off not yet yeah it's like a
tamale what happened here's the bone
right here shattered okay
right did you see your x-ray headed yeah
so there's nothing to put that bone
together it would heal the good thing is
you know you save the nail the nail acts
like a splint he took it off and put it
back on yeah
it works like a splint Oh gotcha okay
that's holding the bone is right
underneath the the nail right it's going
to be deformed well there you know the
scar there will be scrub I don't think
it's gonna leak the foreign to me right
now it's swollen so just clean this all
this oh wow look at that sweet love
bah-bah-bah keep your hand out of your
web of your chest all the time thank you
bah bah bah bah mmm Wow sweet little
hands love their daddy no daddy hmm okay
guys no more squeamish stuff I promise
but you got to see this dressing
look at this guy's it literally looks
like it just fell into place looks like
Abram did it that's what my mom said I
was like is she serious right now like
she really about to be done there's a
math you just said he said
it looks like you dip your finger in
toilet bowl water for toilet paper
and that's the paper that got stuck your
fingers that you took it out it does
okay dressing done here I go
trash time cuz Sammy's hand is all
banged up Oh rose it needed the empty I
got a new bandage one more guys don't
buy my words and here what is all about
the time it looks much easier to manage
like that not it was so big if I hang it
down over the blade so do you guys
notice anything different about my face
take a good hard look do you notice
anything different
I'll show you what it is this healing
process is fun so far I've been
snuggling in bed for the past thirty
minutes so I want to share something a
little personal with you guys the other
day when I cut my finger a thought ran
through my head and I shared this
thought through text with my family and
I thought I'd share it with you guys I
just had this thought that if only I had
a dad growing up I was growing up too
man to show me how to you the tables all
this would have been avoided so I guess
I kind of got a little angry with my dad
when I cut my finger it was really
strange it was just just this very short
thought and I just shared it with my
family and and everybody was just so
concerned for me and hurt for me and
then my dad wrote a message and he said
something like I hate to hear and see
this on I hope all goes well and that
really upset my mom and she like started
writing back like really Tom that's all
you have to say I hope all goes well
what does that even mean it was kind of
funny because it really didn't mean much
yeah but um I got to think about it my
dad rarely ever texts a group
the only time he gets inside the group
and writes us is when he has when he's
built something he's also this carpentry
so when he finishes a project he'll send
us a picture of it and we'll get will
just feel like oh cool good job dad but
that's that's the only relationship we
have with him just seeing his stuff does
this look funny me waving around but
but today he called me and I did answer
the phone cause I was nervous and I was
actually in pain at my desk when he
called and I just wasn't in the mood so
I let it go to voicemail and he left a
voicemail and I thought maybe I could
listen to the voicemail with you guys
did you cause you want that but so
that's my dad guys what do you guys
think should I call him back I think
what happened was my sister or somebody
in the family wrote my dad and told them
how I felt that I was a little bit hurt
that he showed very little concern for
what happened
I think somebody told him so he decided
to call me who knows Sammie over your
canang he is so tired oh yes he can
listen he is ready to pass out for the
night and I'm gonna go finish up some
laundry and housework and see this cutie
in the morning it's so cool having him
here at night I'm not used to it and
it's just kind of neat coming in the
room taking care of the things I have to
do and he's laying here I don't know
it's cute it's different I like it don't
forget guys we love you and remember to
love each other
you
for msg
