and then I grab the handle here to open
it I could open it because I was holding
my hand and there's some proof of that
blood there blood all down on door jamb
there there's some more blood hey even
got blood inside that bowl I should put
my hand inside the bowls like saved my
blood you know bring to the hospital
maybe they can transfuse it
by the same guy nobody say
got to give
where I won't
in this together nurse knee at your
service good morning everyone I'm
getting ready to take Sam this part
Kristen bed and see how he's doing he
slept all night long as far as I know I
got up a few times and checked on him
when he wouldn't roll around but I don't
think he got up at all to take pain
medication or anything I'm pretty sure
that he did okay throughout the night we
didn't even go to bed until like 2:00
a.m. and now it's like 9:00 or 10:00
a.m. but um yeah I'm going to take him
missing see how he's doing
so what did you think about everything
else on yesterday we were having to rush
and get dressed
can you tell me what you're thinking
about can be my prayer plan
did you pray for him did you pray for
daddy
are you scared what sickening she's
helping you because of you know these
are my pants Bobby came for my pants
ha ha ha come here baby thank you
welcome first time for everything you
guys even washed it for me to put my
head in the sink no I was like taking a
shower cuz I got to cover those up I'll
take one tomorrow God okay so don't
worry about you don't have to smell me
you guys do oh I stink sniffing smell me
I did okay good girls a rose I'm not
sure if I'm smelling a rose and he made
us snow in her backyard
so no Avery was careless oh I know he
took one of our pillows that were
throwing away not to clean all that up
so this is what happened yesterday guys
let's replay it all my kids right here
playing thought you're being a boy
picking it up and dumping it I'm gonna
let my boy be a boy so a lot of you guys
don't approve of this but I think it's
cute and this is what boys like to do
they like to play in water and they like
to
dirty so that's what he's gonna do wah
wah sipping II was over here being a
little girl riding her little horsie
being honor right and he was over there
eating food and I was in here in my
woodshop cutting a cleat for my mall the
mall is like a wooden mallet this thing
right here for my chiseling and this is
what I was cutting I was trying to cut a
notch out of this piece of wood as you
can see I haven't marked I was trying to
cut that out and I was using my table
saw which was stupid Ivan used the table
saw for any of them so far but for this
one I wanted to start my cut just to
make it easier I mean instead of doing
all by hand high
sit things interested and so I was
making my cuts had this cut here I was
cutting from here and like an idiot also
I was very tired yesterday just remind
you guys and then I took my block and I
put on this side of the saw which was so
stupid I kept calling myself an idiot
the whole way to the ER so I came over
here which cut was that yeah as you can
see that's where it caught put over here
I went like this with my other hand of
course like this mmm and I was cutting
and yes and of course I caught it
because a blade spins this way I had my
hand my fingers behind the piece of wood
and bam they got caught in the blade
with the one and this piece of wood came
flying went boom that was my first
concern goes like ah that made me scream
cuz they hit me so hard I was like oh
now look downs like oh gosh I'm bleeding
it turn off my saw and I looked at see
what the damage was and blood was just
dripping everywhere as you can see I
have the blood marks I guess I started
over here kind of didn't know what to do
so like hit it this way I'll Charlie for
a rag that's what I was doing to stop
the bleeding and then you can see all
the blood marks leading out of the out
of the wood shot right here there's some
here all the way down there ran to the
house ah
and the neighbors were all outside over
here
on the trampoline so they all heard what
happened I was running out I said simply
come aside I think or something and she
started crying freaking out too and then
we headed off to the ER from there I
said Nia grab the camera anyway there's
my story guys I'm probably going to be
off work for the next three weeks at
least because I have a bad fracture of
the typical finger I'm thinking three
weeks though we'll see I'm excited about
that
but I'm not excited about the fact that
I'm not gonna be able to do very much
long off because it's my right hand it's
really hard for me
you
they're making a waterhole for Annie out
here Dido got it good all over him and
the egg bring back that Cup he's gonna
stuff it all up before he makes it there
look time gets there's gonna be empty
oak you buddy he's working so hard such
a hard-working man throwing up that hole
buddy you're working so hard here he
goes
let's see how much you could get there
this time should be already oh poor guy
oh you realized it fifty buddy you need
a bigger Cup Oh Stephanie Stephanie sent
me she's making the water all muddy
why'd you have to get it muddy Symphony
how can you it s our girls do it they
play in the mud mm-hmm Pioneer girls do
it like that huh cuz they're serious
right that's right they're curious and
they work for what they want
I gave them bear cub back hey you're
welcome anywhere are you running in our
yard
your guys she's such a cute ear look how
cute that is falls over I'm just gonna
put my socks on she has to do everything
for me today pull up there yeah thank
you
shoes thank you I'm looking over those
ones but thanks probably me I'm wearing
the ones in the kitchen can you get the
ones out of the kitchen can you get my
brown ones out of the kitchen
see understand what I'm saying
oh thanks guys
yeah put them on my feet I can't thank
you for your help
ladies my girls taking care of me you
got it and that's exactly why I want
another girl I know I ever will do that
for me when he turns four hey not your
shoes for you oh he did you did buddy he
tried well we know you did leave that
bad boy get over here dancing the
neighbors drive away he is crazy about
his outfit today
sweet ah let's get the sweet go ahead
Stephanie will come thank you sir
you lost our sweet frogs and taro so now
we have to come to mesquite to get our
main crops and so here we are what you
want imps but she laughing there they
are visible freaking coconut alright
that's good
what do you want Abram cookies and queen
for a don't know what I want this is
what we got I got mango strawberry and
banana no I got mango raspberry banana
Tiffany got coconut and cheesecake whose
is this mommy got wrinkles and almond
flavor everyone here comes here comes
there's yours which one's yours Abram oh
whoops
now I can taste each other's we could
just turn the table and taste each
other's like if I want to taste
symphonies Oh everyone's getting
frustrated about it there you go buddy
in my little Manor hanging out - sweet
Brahms we just had our ice cream
I mean Lina's shirt here messy boy he's
got a brown shirt on that was white now
it's kind of brown guys I'm afraid to
open this up I'm not going to open up
till tomorrow I have a specialist a
meeting with a hand specialist in the
morning I'm really nervous about looking
at it I think it's gonna look pretty
nasty because they got really like wet
Gauls in there it's probably gonna look
really raw nasty swollen see you later
buddy yo yo gender you could sit there
good night Symphony can you take it out
to the viewers hey just say good night
mmm
what you doing honey hey guys mr. Han's
we have Matthews picking Pete's maybe I
am just folding laundry and working on
Reese over here got my Netflix going
we'll see you tomorrow don't forget we
love you and remember to love each other
then this
where
but then this
