there's a chance that the very tip of
his ring finger might have mediu mutated
that's what she said to me and I don't
know what she said to him because she
wouldn't tell me a first but she
we've got to give
and this together what are you guys
how's it going today we are just
chilling at the house getting some
housework done I am getting ready to
make some new laundry detergent I use a
deep bowl with something to stir with
washing soda borax and Zoet flakes and
here's the recipe 1 cup of soap flakes 1
cup of borax 1 cup of washing soda if
this is a 1 cup measuring cup and we
need 2 cups how many of these do we need
we need to now all that's left to do is
stir it up I spend about 8 dollars every
6 months on the homemade laundry
detergent so now I spend 16 dollars a
year whereas I was spending about 200
dollars each year isn't that crazy
symphonie dressed herself like a little
soccer girl today and she is addressing
envelopes for her Easter surprises I
love it that Symphony likes to
personally write the names on the
envelopes or cards whenever we make
stuff because she is proud that she's
learned her letters and I think that
makes whatever we're doing even that
more special because the grandparents
get to see her handwriting in it she
actually took the time to write it you
want to tell the viewers about your
nightmare huh I was all asleep my eyes
are closed then I came to check on my
floor and get some nice little viewers
like one of my my American doll horse
and um I made kind of a loud noise and
then it moved I had a towel on in a
because I was wet and I try to catch it
but was he cute fast permanent so I came
to going mommy mommy
right after I swept him up for the day
look what happened this precious mess
maker the roof has a yoghurt on the
ground it's washed over there and then
up to the door not to mention that it's
all over him as
why do we mop ladies seriously or man
whom up why do we do it
hello they don't never know
guess who's 18 months old today you guys
this guy is hi miss Avery boys a little
after that one right there yeah that was
actually cuffs when he was a newborn
baby
then it was symphonies and then it was
Abrams and I am getting it ready to give
back to sandy for Cade if she wants it
it's been through three of these babies
already so we were thinking maybe it's
time to get a new one for our next round
of children but I don't know it's in
pretty good shape
do you guys have any idea what time it
is lunch time dinner time I just woke up
guys I'm like up in the middle of the
night and he wants us to go into a
furniture okay you guys just want this
guy says rightfully so we desperately
need it he said we could go and he woke
us today I did yeah before you I said
when I wake up would you go so today I
woke up I woke up things change I feel a
lot different when I wake up do another
is extra soft today
Stryper to you because you can't really
touch her it's here soft Gus guys guys
guys guys guys
we say guys a lot darling we really do
appreciate you guys helping us out with
Annie we've been kind of irresponsible
with her I have to totally agree with
you guys letting her out of the front
and to the front yard and stuff and so
mostly because we have a bad fence to
get out there so difficult to close all
the way like yesterday Andrew was
leaving and he left the wide open and
Annie went running out there I was like
Andrew get back over here close the gate
man just let Amy out we can't let her in
the front of more she's running into
other people's yards like we live in the
front for a little while before cuz you
just sit on the porch and there's a good
place for her to stay out of the weather
now I decided I'm gonna make a dog house
I am hope you guys see a brand new
coming up here soon or in the next few
weeks or something just remember it's to
help out with stuff like that okay
that's expensive all dog houses are real
expensive I don't want to own one myself
just a lumber to build the one that I
want to build it's gonna be like 300
bucks something like that okay once
again this little guy just proving that
there's no need for this mommy here to
mop
welcome applause I'm glad you guys want
anyone on that what you do
the neighbors obviously heard you flying
ahead hit me right a chest x-ray what
did you do did you just like stand there
for a minute and run in would you do
know what was going on over at shock for
a second did that board hit me right in
the chest bleeding the soft when I
looked at it okay oh my goodness
gracious you came in and said that so
calmly I thought you were kidding it was
in the bathroom and I couldn't see you
you're like yeah I cut my hand like you
said it real like you know kind of cool
I seriously did done it was crazy
I'm just really hoping I get well fixed
here
that nurse told me you probably were
gonna have to the redhead she said
you're coming in etiquette okay so Sam
is in the feed yard he's gotta haul that
as you saw and I'm taking the kids home
and Michaela is gonna come over and sit
with them because they don't have a room
for him and the kids cannot be in the
hallway and they have a full waiting
anyway so basically Hospital there's a
chance that the very tip of his ring
finger my Hampton PD mutated that's what
she said to me and I don't know what she
said to him because she wouldn't tell me
at first but she just said it does not
look good
by the time you're seeing this he will
already be stitched up and have all the
answers we're waiting for so please just
keep him in your prayer as far as pain
goes the you know this is a new hobby
for him so we don't want him to be on
this urge during any kind of in your
prayers thank you it's just ok if you
like you gonna pass out that's fine just
lay back hope I did
last one man
you can take a swim um got all the
fingers I point to the least it just got
a little nick nick in the pointer and
then it got those likes right there on
the inside of my middle finger just the
ball not the end of this finger the
distal end is pretty much shattered and
then this one is flipped I just put in a
blender
yeah just right there what's that this
one is good yeah that was good the
waiting room
I'm all ripped up and he is performing
surgery on my face you can see his
pimples really good under this light
it's so fun she asked for the light so
she really got my pennies here you know
this is John ru videos it yeah man so
you like not gonna work anymore
heck no bro did you videotape this
something like you saw do evil yeah I'm
ready to do some uppercuts some jabs
some where does this wink all gasp I
have a cut right here on my pointer
finger so I'm just a band-aid there he
did a complete ablation of my ring
fingers now I'm up he saw some footage
of that take the scissors stuck it
inside underneath them now and just
spread the scissors out multiple times
until it came off from the paronychia it
was horrible I didn't feel it but it
looked so painful and I know that
tomorrow I'm gonna feel it it's gonna be
pretty bad by the way guys I'm on I'm on
dilaudid right now this is about ten
times stronger than morphine it's a it's
a prescription a heroin I'm not proud of
it but I'm just thankful for it actually
really talk right now I was trying to
find something I could like attach my
elbow in my way sir just walk around
like this but they'll sell them here see
yes these are so sweet
she has awesome sister smell next to me
while they were going that just made it
so much better we have that's all we
wait for medicine
benadryl we've been reading at one point
when they take your fingernail off they
didn't just take them out but they like
opened up his finger did you see that it
was so weird I never would have imagined
that the inside of our fingers looked
like that it was just like I just wasn't
watching that was just real fleshy meat
I was not expecting that for some reason
thought it would be like liquidy just a
bunch of like liquids held again so yeah
did we ever tell you guys that I broke
it every time you put my ring finger the
end of it was pretty much shattered
there was really nothing they could do
for the bone so I'm thinking my ring
finger is actually going to be a little
bit deformed when it's all said and done
this guy's not feeling too good at all I
made a list of things I had to do was
that make laundry cabinet doors it's not
gonna happen get furniture we can look
for furniture but I ain't getting get
towards that install hmm nothing that's
gonna happen either finish baseboards
nope build any stock house it's not
gonna happen
repair fence nope Ben and Rachel's
photos huh
that I could potentially do but he's not
ready and they're gonna make it a slower
process I can help you touch up do
little touch-ups that sets me back quite
a bit guys I'm probably not gonna go
we're gonna work next week all right
guys well I guess I'll say good night
now
yeah I'm so glad that he's okay you guys
have no idea that could have been so
much worse than it was and I'm just so
not used to seeing being I'm I rely on
him so much for being in control of all
the situations that happened in our life
like completely and I didn't realize how
much I relied on that until tonight like
we're trying to get out the door go to
the ER and I'm sitting here panicking
like literally I was saying you can't
figure out what to do with the kids it
was understandable but oh man I was like
Andrew we were trying to get you to go
with us all right
I was thinking enters should take him
and then I'll stay with the kids but I
wanted to be with him they did good
thank you Oh just so thankful that
everything's okay look guys tomorrow I'm
going to show you exactly what happened
and exactly what went wrong and caused
this horrible injury how about that you
think about tomorrow and don't forget we
love you
Oh
