step on it Gary I'm brian Stelter from
the casinos reliable sources when they
asked me to moderate this discussion I
thought Gary B needs no moderating go
ahead and then play along and as I asked
you I think might be a tough question
you did not want to hear this question
ahead of time so will be a surprise tell
them how improv I really am you use for
you did not want to know I was trying to
prep you here's what I want you to do I
want to tell us something about your
business and your brand you never told
anyone before oh shit that is hard
that's all ready to get acquainted this
morning um the single I uh I talked a
lot about making a lot of money selling
baseball cards but the single biggest
profit play I ever made as a youngster
before I got in my dad's business was
the dollar stores had just come out in
the mid-90s and they weren't selling
product that were made for dollar stores
they were still dollar stores where they
would buy old inventory in warehouses
bring it in and so they were complete
hodgepodge random stuff out of nowhere I
used to go to them look at them and see
if i could find some baseball card or
football card stuff to sell it shows out
of nowhere in the height of Shaquille
O'Neal's rookie year when there was Shaq
toys for some unknown reason a dollar
store in phillipsburg mall got a
crapload of Shaq figures at a dollar
apiece now this is 1993 i buy them and
then walk oh I don't know probably from
here to to the curtain over there which
was where the dollar store was versus
where kmart was in this small store and
I in between my walk I switched the 10
figures out of the dollar store bag and
into a Kmart bag that I went and got
from Kmart and went back to the dollar
store and returned them at kmart with no
receipt because he didn't need one back
then and kmart was selling them for 999
apiece
and for a three-week period I made
almost ten thousand dollars buying Shaq
figures for a dollar and then selling
them back to kmart for 999 cash now tell
us how we can do that in this current
economic environment where do you see
that that Harbor trust opportunity I
think garage saling is the big roi
plague yes good the garage sale ebay
conversion has some of the biggest
margins in the world I truly believe
that it that every person can make a
thousand dollars a week by waking up at
five o'clock in the morning garage
sailing on a Saturday for four hours and
then posting the stuff they find on eBay
oh well let's get into what that's a
serious thing I think it actually is
because a lot of people like how do I
make money like it's right there like
literally become educated on VHS and DVD
and CD like arbitrage on ebay because
everybody's selling them at garage sales
for like three bucks for a box of them
and you will make a thousand dollars
every weekend it's very who wants a
thousand dollars sub really very
practical session already i love it i
like practicality people know you on
twitter people online that i wanted to
i'm actually divvy up your day what is a
day you were life they're all different
uh they you know today's right here's my
day we've got this right worked out this
morning we got this I have to rush back
now in a meeting with the new CMO of
north america for Pepsi for an hour then
I've got a couple of in-house meetings
then I've got a call I'm raising a new
fund so I've got some LP calls trying to
get some money then I have to run to
Mondelez the former craft in New Jersey
a client we have a four-hour session for
the future of ecomme with them that
we're consulting on then I have to drive
to newark airport i have a couple calls
in there i fly to vegas I land in vegas
i have a quick meeting on somebody i'm
interviewing then i have to wake up in
the morning and i have two speeches in
vegas time if it's always different i
speak but I run vaynermedia I run Vayner
RSA and then you know I d rocks over
there we create content i do the show
I'm
on the flight to Vegas I have to edit my
new book and get the final touches so
you know eighty percent vaynermedia and
the and the fund and then a little bit
of wine library and my personal brand
stuff like every minute is so precious I
have a full-time assistant everything
it's very intense like he locks on the
glass if I'm a few minutes behind like
every minute is so precious and then on
top of that she we actually working 18
hours a day like my I left the office
last night at eleven forty nine you know
and so like that's real like I think I
think the thing that I spew a lot and I
know a lot of people by the faces here
no my spiel like I just I'm trying to
connect the dots in my own mind how to
get people to really understand
especially if your startup or trying to
start your own thing like the amount of
people that have start-ups in this city
and our new york city the grind hustle
city and are really willing to stop
working on their company at seven
o'clock and then go out for drinks or
whatever it blows my mind that people
really understand the level of time and
full all-in commitment it takes to have
the number one best thing that can
happen in your life professionally which
is living on your own terms owning your
own business that financially pays for
your life and your happiness and you're
not willing to put it all on the table
especially when you're still not in a
chapter in your life where you don't
have as many responsibilities it speaks
to what i know is going on right now
which is this is the single greatest
generation of fake entrepreneurs of all
time
it's true it's a and the reason I want
to say it is I want it to be on all
these cameras because in six years when
we all look back at this generation and
post game it will be like that was the
greatest generation of fake
entrepreneurs of all time mainly because
it's so easy everybody coming out of
school now you know how old are you I
just turned 30 so your youngster I'm 39
my generation people didn't think they
were going to start their businesses
coming out of school you wouldn't got a
job every single kid that I run into now
that's under 22 years old defaults into
an entitlement that they're going to run
and own their own company and on their
idea people are going to give them
millions of dollars to start it it's a
broken game and it's gonna be straight
carnage is it the Millennials are no no
Millennials are fucking rad I'm all in
on Millennials just check by the way
this is happening with 40 and 50 year
olds too there's a lack of
self-awareness and it's been you know
what there's something else it's not a
Millennials fault if you're 22 right 911
happened before you can remember Alma
right the last economic bus you know
2008-9 we're starting to get far away if
you're 14 when that happens you're not
really thinking about that right and so
it just the times just have been too
good in the tech sector we're not in
middle america like the game is great
like the economy is great like people
are what happened is people make money
every dentist and lawyer and rich guy or
gal is looking for their mark zuckerberg
they're playing the lotto they're being
affected by what happened they want to
write a fifty-thousand-dollar check or
25,000 are checked they have their
friends there at work they're 52 they
have money their friends like my son has
a big idea and they're like oh I want to
invest in that until that 22 year olds
getting 100 k for me lawyer Johnny McGee
because i think i'm going to turn that
hundred thousand in 248 million because
i read an article about uber or Facebook
guys there's like seven companies that
have put like made it insane and then
there's 70,000 a week that died and so I
think we're in a very
and I'm trying to navigate this because
we're after everything I just said
you're investing all day because there
will be and here's why because at the
same token there will be hundreds of
businesses built this year that will be
worth hundreds of millions of dollars
because this is the Second Industrial
Revolution there is a land grab every
business is going to be disrupted so
you've got a really difficult game I
wish it was as simple as it was the
first web one point oh bubba because i
would just sit on money and wait for the
carnage and buy things on a nipple on
the dollar the problem is that's not
what's happening there's real shit being
built real opportunity so you're
navigating through a very difficult
minefield the sounds of it the best of
times but it was a certain of times for
for you as a non oriC absolutely for me
I'm good because because I'm a wartime
general meaning i built both of my
businesses during down times i built
wine library after nine eleven where my
entire business was Wall Street and wine
so like I navigated through that I
started vaynermedia right after the
financial crisis and I was selling
social media nobody wanted to buy it I'm
immigrant I like zero I like being a
wartime general so I'm actually weirdly
just waiting for shit to hit the fan
like I want to wake up and hear that
Wall Street did it again we're all
fucked you know I'm waiting for that and
by the way like you all know that's
what's happening right like those
fucking characters talk about the rest
of the country mention middle America
yes mentioning the earlier there's
reasons why you have an office in
Chattanooga first yes is that I think
that agencies are broken in their
strategies because most of their clients
sell in an American market to America
right and and all their offices are in
LA San Francisco in New York and those
are three complete outliers as cities to
America they just our client's energy
Pepsi right Unilever you know craft
Mondelez Toyota I mean every business in
America cells to all of America unless
you're a niche product that sells to the
coasts because you're the milk of a
monkey's ass right you know and
and it's forty seven dollars for a
couple you know so you know what I mean
Brian like every big business any
fortune 500 company relies on their
sales in every state and and wait I mean
all of us that are here we are in a very
different mindset than when you know the
benefit of doing a book tour is what
people consider second third fourth year
I don't need I don't even do Chicago and
Dallas I'm trying to do a mapping and
now my head it's like Des Moines and
Columbus Ohio like this is real places
where dollar general and walmart and
costco rule the day and i want to make
sure that my agency understands where
this stuff is being sold and the
psychology of somebody who literally is
saving every dollar and every penny
doesn't buy eight dollar juice and is
living that lifestyle i mean i I've kids
network for me that I know what they get
paid I know them personally so I know
what support were not support they're
getting from their parents I know
they're living on a budget they have
four and a half roommates and they're
buying $11 cold coffee every day and I'm
like fuck these kids are in a different
shit right and so that's cool and not
only are they buying $11 cold coffee
they're going to coachella the Kentucky
Derby and 17 weeks and fucking amps rim
because we don't have a vacation policy
right so so they're playing a different
game their minds in a different place
they value different things and then I
think about a 36 year old bomb in
Arkansas who every fucking penny matters
and she stressed because she's a mother
and cares about her children and the
pressure of how we have to feed our
children and equality food and the
expense of that versus what she can
afford and how do we help her how do we
motivate her how do we educate her how
do we lead her towards whatever goals we
have in business those are two different
psyches and it's hard for me to assume
my 24 year old that grew up on the Upper
East Side in Manhattan with the private
schools and networks at vaynermedia can
have the empathy to deploy himself to
the 36 year old mom in Arkansas yeah you
know though it's actually by that's
interesting way you put it like to me
it's all kind of been the same which is
reverse engineer how to bring the most
disproportioned value to whoever's
paying attention to you around the
subject matter so it's the same thesis
for wine library it was wines bro
in America nobody cares about wine
because everybody talks down to people
about wine I know a crapload about wine
I'm a Jersey boy I'm not gonna talk down
to anybody let me start this and talk to
people about wine and maybe we'll
convert some of these young dudes that
may now think wines cooler than just
drinking a beer or liquor and that's
basically what happened let me use
YouTube when it just was invented and
let me do that that worked social crush
it when I wrote it was hey there's a
real way now with YouTube and Twitter
and Facebook to build a business on your
terms I wrote that and now with
vaynermedia it's like hey big businesses
mid-sized businesses there's a real way
to not waste money on all the marketing
behavior so I'm and even what we talked
about there you know back to our
conversation before we came here you
said hey there's London there's this I
said let's not talk about that let's
figure out how to bring them value if
you default into bringing value to your
audience regardless of what your subject
matter is you will always win because
you've won the leverage game of
providing value first what is your
strategy for creating content you've got
a sort of a virtuous cycle of this right
yes always producing we came up with a
pretty good concept obviously a lot of
you watch the show and node Iraq and
India and they're part of a team that is
basically a production team for my brand
but we needed something to be a starting
point in the reason I started the
askgaryvee show was I knew that it was
the best way for me to start producing
content that wasn't naturally bubbling
up in my own head when you get to ask
the questions you're asking me different
things that aren't on my mind I put out
the show that's a piece of content but
then those five answers are starting
points to other content in India or
Steve will come to me and say hey that
second answer you haven't talked a lot
about parenting they'll ask me five or
six other questions that becomes the
framework of a medium post or LinkedIn
post or Facebook long-form posts so by
doing the show every day it's my seed to
create the level of content on and
listen it's been interesting all my
successful friends all my people that
are paying attention I've especially
last 3-4 months so many people coming up
to me like man the level and the amount
of content that you're putting out just
seems insane it's because there was a
really smart strategy 15 months ago
let's start a show that forces me to
consistent put out content let's then
use those seeds to grow out more pieces
of content and we've literally are you
know d rocks filming now yes we may show
this in its entirety or I might have
just said something and that will turn
into three different articles we're just
always on collecting and using those as
the gateway drugs to longer form content
so daily is a model you have to force
yourself to in here to to keep creating
I think it's very hard to create
compelling content on a daily basis and
I think that everybody here knows that
it's not easy and so I think Q&A is a
very intriguing way to get there because
you're using the incredible skills of
others what do you find is the is there
a is a most valuable platform for you
right now comes the distributor Facebook
above ah yes facebook facebook is the
beast facebook is the foundation
facebook is grossly underestimated by
the the most intense tech people because
they want to be on to the next thing but
the scale of facebook the ability to
spend a little bit of money and target
if i want to target i'm getting a lot of
TV offers right now because i'm running
the askgaryvee show against paid against
production companies on TV now i don't
want to do a TV show i'm just doing it
mainly for my ego but it was really more
of a test to see if I started running
this show against employees of
production companies when I start
getting more cold emails about doing a
TV show and it's been insane it's a heck
of a way to get a resume or I'll a real
yeah I mean all these people like how do
you raise money from a VC how do you get
a TV show how do you get a book deal
easy have them come to you you say easy
i'm very sure well easy AKA if you don't
have talent you're not gonna get any of
those fucking things so i love that you
know this is back to like everybody
feeling they're entitled to being an
entrepreneur like like if you're not
smart and charismatic and compelling to
listen to or watch and you want to be a
personal brand you lost it's a
prerequisite I want to be the
quarterback of the New York Jets I lost
like like you know I love when people
like Gary I'm gonna do what you're gonna
do I'm like you didn't even look me in
the eye when you just said that your
weirdest fuck you're not doing shit you
know like so so i think i think
self-awareness is something that needs
to start being talked about a little bit
as well absolutely they get a lot of
valentine really depressing I'm so next
I'm an investor and snapchat heavily I'm
a huge believer in snapchat I'm spending
just to make it black here's an
exclusive I am negotiating on a daily
basis to try to get a snapchat show on
discovery because I want every 16 year
old entrepreneur to think i'm the guy
it's the gateway drug like CNN you know
had it you know 1990 iran in iraq war
there was its watershed moment 24-hour
news the internets had it's saying like
snapchat i like when people write
articles snapchat is this generations
MTV they're so wrong snapchat to a 14 to
22 year old is the entire cable industry
I mean every 15 year old girl America if
you're just curious about what they do
they go home whenever they're done if
they have after-school activities
whatever but when I'm gonna get home
whether it's four or seven or whatever
the second they get home they go to the
room close the door they jump on their
bed they grab their phone and they stay
on snapchat until they go to sleep
for hours and so people are grossly
under estimating 125 million daily
active users that are spending hours on
the platform looks like and so there's a
gross underestimation of what's really
happening there and yes I'm desperately
trying to impose my will into that
platform because I will have a
disproportionate lead as the
entrepreneur to that generation when
they start hitting the market five six
years from now let's go to question to
the audience of my last oh snap that is
what's the whole story about how they
got to this point to some older people
it's as if snapchat snuck right up on us
uh here's a memo that's I'm really glad
you asked this question everything that
you're about to watch for next 30 years
with humans is pendulum swings social
media everybody tell everybody about
everything right momentum went this way
happened for a couple years all the
momentum all the conversation everybody
bet on it every app tried to do it and
then all of a sudden snapchat came along
and said no wait a minute in real life
when we talk those things disappear
privacy has value let's push the other
way and so they found their white space
I actually am already starting to figure
out what's the swing back to open in a
post snapchat world five years from now
on that note because that's the audience
sorry occur yes a good question
inspirational amazing 18 hour days you
talked about how do you fight you
looking well thank you and so how do you
find time for health and wellness in
action well I wasn't doing health and
wellness as a you know June of last year
and finally I've been thinking about it
for a while and I finally figured out
what was happening which is I believe
with health and wellness and probably
most probably everything you're either
accountable to yourself or you're not
bless you and so in every other part of
my life I'm accountable I feel
accountable especially with my
businesses like the rigor the the sense
of responsibility I have for the other
550 employees is greater than my own
well-being and when I said that notice
even how I said the sentence I just said
I'm accountable myself but I explained
it as I was accountable to other people
and I what I just did with you by
accident is how I figured this out
was like what's the matter with me I'm
gonna die like I'm gonna lose like the
last like or I'm not gonna be able to do
as many cool things like this is not
gonna work this this is black and white
I'm gonna treat my body like a business
I've audited I'm gonna lose I've lost
and so then i said why is that I'm so
good at every things and I realize holy
crap the things I'm best at our when I'm
accountable to somebody but not myself
so I realized i'm going to introduce a
person i'm gonna hire a full-time health
person and i'm more accountable to Mike
than I am to myself the reason I work
out every single day is I don't want to
let Mike down I have to be down at 5 45
because Mike's gonna be upset and so i
hacked myself and so where do I find
health I just I found it like I just do
it every day there's an hour every day
scheduled like period end of story I
work out every day of my life and I
changed my eating behavior because of it
because fuck if I'm gonna do the work
you know and and that's how I hacked it
i reverse-engineered what I was doing I
think I think everybody here is either
accountable to themselves or accountable
to others and you need to self audit
yourself and figure out if you're not
doing well in business maybe you need to
hire a couple of employees because maybe
you'll feel a sense of responsibility to
them maybe that's the motivation you're
looking for vegas marwari you will work
out at that time you know your grace yes
a mic isn't going on a fly and usually
comes she travels with me the whole nine
but there's a quick in and out right but
I will have to face time with him while
I do cardio because I truly if I don't
won't do it as well nice touch next
question let's go here so we're all here
with a very huge influence our to us who
influenced you my parents and that's it
and I know it's like I get mad at this
question because I feel like it's either
cliche or maybe I always ask myself am I
too egotistical to give it to somebody
else it's just the truth like I don't
look at Elon Musk or sucks or Cuban or
the President or III I don't do that
it's just not real it's just not true I
look at my parents I know their truths I
know they came this country with nothing
you know I know I know that my dad
worked every minute I didn't know him
till I was 14 I know that my mom is the
foundation of my self-esteem which is
the driving fuel of my success I'm
there's just there's not even a close
second to the entity of my parents and I
don't know these other people another
public persona in the same way that a
lot of you don't know me as I'm affect
the thing I probably happiest about in
the world is the people that come into
vaynermedia that have some sense of me I
think like me a lot more two or three
years later when they get to look under
the hood um but I'm too scared maybe to
even give that away to somebody else
without knowing that I don't have the
time to look under the hood there's a
hand right next to the visa so I'm a j1
middle-aged guy like you yes I deal with
the younglings yes and I've kind of love
your commentary on and I'm finding than
saying to them you're not very skilled
so this brain powers little short you
don't work very hard you know show up
they don't like it when I tell them that
and so the interesting part is that what
I'm working with them and some of them
have a chance what's your perspective on
dealing with the younglings as a day one
guy how do you get to do stuff without
telling that they're stupid and lazy I i
actually I actually think of it in
reverse I mean most of my 22 and 23 year
olds would look in your face and think
that you're finished and let like fuck
you like
yeah I don't care my money fall out of
the sky they tell me it's irrelevant but
the pleasure it's not that it's not
about cool or what have you you what you
define as money might be different than
the way they define is money like okay
cool how much one you gonna make for
your 23 year old give me number probably
about 40 million bucks for this year no
no not for them Rick doesn't get 40
million dollars how much does Rick the
23 year old get and give me the truth
because the number isn't high owner of
the company i mean i don't know if i
have been tryin to 3 billion bucks
compensation this year explain let's go
further i want to know how a 23 year old
gets to the thing i got a company
founder okay right i have an old school
web strategy yeah i know what works yes
and the email do this but in the time
every day don't want to do that either
resistive it it's a communication
problem for me so me ask you a question
yeah want you just do it for yourself
yeah that's the real question right like
cool if you know what the fuck you're
talking about do for yourself I do I
work harder and I'm smarter than all my
22 year olds I'm better at social media
than everybody at vaynermedia I'm
looking at them right now just to remind
that like so so so honestly I think
you're rolling with like trying to razz
them rats yourself like why are you
trying to funnel through a 23 year old
answer thank you
you
