hey Bridget Willard here with you too
can be a guru you asked for more
questions here's one you're going on
vacation so you'll be gone for let's say
just for the scenario more than three
days and the question is do you schedule
your tweets and we spawn when you get
back from vacation do you schedule your
tweets and then respond as you're on
vacation or jus just not tweet it all
remember you too can be a guru thanks
Gary you're welcome ah Bridget uh I
think it's number four you tweet and you
respond cuz that's what I did she's on
vacation for two weeks first of all you
never schedule I'm gonna say it again
never in your life schedule a tweet
here's why you're on vacation for three
days you schedule a tweet of like hey
what's your favorite book and at that
exact moment we have the next national
tragedy happen at that second I had
multiple friends scheduled tweets
touring the Boston Massacre so here's
the Boston Massacre it's a terrorist
event on US soil the whole world shuts
down right and and my friends are
tweeting like you should buy my new book
it was yeah it was disgusting at best
and it was just it's devastating it just
it's and then and that's the extreme
what about like a lightweight version
like you scheduled a tweet and right at
that moment on Twitter uh the Cowboys
score an important touchdown and the
Governor of New Jersey is bouncing
around and hugging Jerry Jones and
that's all that anybody wants to talk
about and you're a cowboys fan or from
New Jersey and you're tweeting about
like what's your favorite book and it
makes you seem out of touch there's no
value in scheduling a tweet I've never
done it I don't believe in it I will
never believe in it period now you're
more than welcome like i have on half my
vacations to check out completely and i
highly recommend that i was so excited
about doing that I told you that's what
I would do but unfortunately or
fortunately I caught the Wine Library
bug
and I enjoyed myself talking about wine
constantly on my vacation when xander
and we shall run the kids club and doing
their thing there or you know while
Lizzie was getting ready for the dinner
or finding my pockets going my way so I
think that um it's a personal thing but
boy do I hate do I hate scheduling a
tweet like don't do it please don't do
it push oh crap wait subscribe do I need
subscriptions because I can't push this
many right hooks in social so subscribe
