I want to ask what would you do if you
were in your dad shoes and you didn't
come to us until you were 23 you know i
wanna i want to believe that if i came
to the US in the way that my dad did
which was not only a 23 years old but
also with a child and another one on the
way that I would do the same thing that
he did which was completely work as face
off to allow the next generation to kind
of build on top of that and so you know
I don't think I would have done anything
different um yeah I think a lot of its
circumstance my dad had a great-uncle
who had a liquor store that he got to
work in that great uncle passed away and
it was just all these kind of different
variables i think circumstance has a lot
to do with what i would have done but
the one thing I know I would have done
is work every hour of every day oh crap
wait subscribe I need subscriptions
because I can't push this many right
hooks in social so subscribe
