Christopher asks what are your thoughts
on employing friends Christopher this is
a great question for a lot of people who
watch my stuff they they make that
connection on the family business thing
I get enormous amounts of excuse me
email from people that are the sons and
daughters of business owners because
they knew my narrative now that I'm
running Vayner with AJ I'm getting some
more brother and sister stuff and I'm
getting a little older I'm even getting
some of the perspective from the dead
and the moms I have employed friends at
both Wine Library and vaynermedia
vaynermedia was started with five of
AJ's dear friends and I think the the
number one advice I'd say is you should
absolutely I'm emphatic about this and
and you as you guys know I'm big on you
know do what works for you but I'm a
huge fan of hiring friends especially
early on to establish culture to have
those teammates in the trenches
especially if you're willing to practice
meritocracy right so the key to friends
is that here we are five years later and
AJ's five to six high school and college
friends that started the company with us
are in different places within the
organization and not really treated any
differently at the highest levels than
anybody else and and and very honestly I
hope they're not listening or watching
the show they may even be treated
slightly harder and worse than everybody
else because I'm so sensitive to it in
the other direction I expect the six of
you not to hit me up for a race and so I
think that I'm a big fan of it I
recommend it it is risky you I have
fired my friends in the past Brandon was
my best friend growing up he runs Wine
Library risky it you know it really
comes down to here's my belief my belief
is very simple if you lose a friendship
from somebody working for you and not
working out and you having to fire them
or them leaving then your friendship
wasn't as strong as you thought and that
is the bottom line because stuff
I didn't do it I didn't do it oh crap
wait subscribe do I need subscriptions
because I can't push this many right
hooks in social so subscribe
