Robert asks why do you release the
askgaryvee show in the evening are you
trying to target to East Coast commuters
Robert great question I appreciate you
having the respect in me to think I have
that much strategy I do like to say
everything I do is on purpose this one
though on the other hand happens to
completely beyond the heads of Zack not
usually Zack actually there's actually a
very little to do with it yeah it has a
whole lot to do with d Rock who's on the
other side of this and has to do
everything with my schedule here we are
at nine thirty or 940 taping today's
episode yesterday when do we take the
iraq well 1 p.m. yesterday obviously
that came out later it's 948 I expect
the Arak specially with only one video
question today to bang the soundness
should be up by two or three or one and
will be out soon so completely
predicated on the insanity that is my
schedule
