Stephen asks as a man I find it
extremely difficult to accept that other
men use Pinterest anyway I can overcome
this bias Stephen there's a way you can
overcome this bias it's called stop
being a dick that's all I've got for you
man you know I'm not trying to razz
probably trying to get a little time to
talk about the truce pecos 2012 Grenache
abut there's not much to go into it I
mean I you know I get it but if you're a
man that is trying to market or sell or
story-tell or create awareness to women
women are spending obnoxious amounts of
time on this platform at scale a major
leader and so if you're targeting
fifteen-year-old guys to 19 year old
guys to sell them sports equipment you
don't need Pinterest but if you want the
audience that lives there well then you
need to play there and your bullshit
bias is surely not helping you
