midi wants to know what motivates you to
continue any project like wine library
without seeing any significant growth
prior buddy you know for me that's a
very easy answer which is I just believe
in my holistic purpose right I'm blown
away by how many people are crippled by
one project or the other to me this is a
net net game I have a very clear vision
professionally where I want to go but
overall I just want to be a good human
being do business the right way the
right process put in the right hustle
and I control that if I don't get
results well that means I made a wrong
strategic decision but that doesn't
cripple me either because there's a net
net I know where I'm going so for every
one or two times I decide to get in the
wrong business or invest in the wrong
thing I'm going to figure out a win
alongside of that and that's all that
really matters to me
