nasir asks sometimes my passion is seen
as aggression how do I walk the line do
I change to someone more passive this
here Monsieur first of all don't change
for anybody now finding that balance of
grace and having that tack to be
consumable is a process I somewhere
around eighth grade into sophomore year
didn't hit the right tone anymore I was
too intense for my classmates and I
literally I could taste it because I
have empathy in kind of self-awareness
and it's an ongoing process like you
know for example mighty notes are
interesting I just referenced them I'm
actually evolving that cadence
throughout the conversation of the tone
because I'm reacting to the body
language of everybody else it's not
about how do you become more passive
because I'd hate that suck the passion
out of you which is a huge variable to
success controlling it and people saying
you're just a little too much I have a
feeling that that's predicated on you
caring too much for it to be valuable
for you and let us say that again for
everybody the only reason I think that
I'm able to pull off this is because
there's a healthy balance of caring
about you when you care more about your
audience than what you have to say you
start winning right when you when you
care more about your global audience
listening or watching and it's not about
the 15 minutes and what am I going to
get out of it and sure in a right hook
world it's always there let me let me
actually use this question to find
something that I don't think I talked
about in the book I live in a world of
Jab Jab Jab right hook let me tell you
two interesting things of that I don't
necessarily feel that I ever have to
throw a right hook and I don't expect
the need to throw a right hook based on
my jabs in micro levels at the holistic
level I do also there's another part
that we never talked about is there
which is what happens when the right
hook doesn't land I'm actually not
disappointed what happens when I do all
awesome stuff for these guys or anybody
else I don't have any expectation that
they're going to do something awesome
for me and
eliminating that lack of expectation
opens up a world of where you can
provide so based on your question based
on my intuition my vibe on this question
it has a whole lot to do with you caring
more about then the people that are
judging you that are telling you to
chill out there telling you that because
not about your passion because take it
from me and many other people people
love passion they don't like selfish
passion I'm a brat wait subscribe I need
subscriptions because I can't push this
many right hooks in social so subscribe
