z asks if you were to jump in a time
machine
travel back to speak to your 21 year old
self and only have one minute what do
you say Z I would tell that person to
hook up with more chicks and not work as
many hours and I know that can be crass
and I and obviously you know what what
that crass statement is really saying is
have a little more fun right you're
gonna accomplish your things you're
gonna pull it off you know we appreciate
that you do have business patience but
you need to spend a little bit more time
with your friends you can go on one more
vacation you can go do a keg stand you
need to live a little bit because you're
gonna have a family which is gonna be
amazing
you're gonna be busy as crap and you're
gonna run out of this time you're only
21 once oh crap wait subscribe I need
subscriptions because I can't push this
many right hooks in social so subscribe
