the attention graph is all I care about
where is the attention of the consumer
where are they spending their time
snapchat to me right now March 2015 is
slightly below Instagram in the overall
game but when you're talking 13 to 23 it
is number one by the way I wanted to
echo here it is number one in attention
and so I'm a big big fan of snapchat
it's mobile first the mobile device is
the king and queen of the game and the
video product in it is quite unique
because this is one of the places where
you can actually do creative on top of
the raw video function so not only am i
producing video but then on top of that
can I draw a little funny pictures on
top of myself can I like animate on top
of it that is a very huge creative
output so the attention of 13 to 25 and
the ability to be creative on top of the
video make it very unique
there is no drawing on top of any other
video on any other planet
