you know Instagram falls right into the
bucket of the forementioned snapchat it
is absolutely the number one platform
for attention right now video is not
native to Instagram and we see that in
data we see people over indexing and
Harding up pictures over videos but
doesn't take away from the fact that if
you're putting out a video on Instagram
and you have an audience whether it's 42
people are 422 people or 4222 people
forty two thousand two hundred and
twenty two people four hundred twenty
two thousand twenty two two two people
they will see it 60 70 80 percent of
those people will watch that video and
that is enormous ly valuable 15 second
restrictions forced creativity you gotta
say in 15 and that's a big factor as
well what I love about Instagram right
now is that Instagram is massively over
indexing between the 12 and 40 year old
demo Instagram is Facebook in 2017
everyone all of them
you
