Facebook is the greatest data company of
all time from a marketers perspective
the reason I love their video product is
if I want to make a video with me
hanging out with Brandon Marshall I can
only target Jets and Bears fans and Gary
Vee and Brandon Marshall fans and that's
called not wasting the content of people
that don't give a crap about it every
other platform has the potential to be
shown to somebody who doesn't give a
crap about it this one really does it
facebook's surgical targeting to make
sure the absolute perfect audience sees
the content is unparalleled at scale the
fact that I could make a video right now
and show it to all Bears fans and jet
fans is incredible for my reach and
awareness and it's surgical and its
depth and its width it's got both
Facebook is right now the biggest scaled
platform the absolute strongest tool to
get video out there
