mark asks who are the items of the
people that inspire you did you ever
have a mentor mark you know for people
that watched me or have followed me over
the last seven or eight years this is a
very easy answer I've been very hardcore
about this I have never really been a
big fan of any business idols including
the before-mentioned more Cuban or you
know really the tool entrepreneurs or
people that have ever kind of over
indexed to me where Walt is the and
Vince McMahon because they were heavy
storytellers and turned businesses out
of that I like that but to say they were
my mentors or I looked up to them there
is no Steve Jobs or Donald Trump's or
Carnegie's or there is nothing like that
in my life my life is really focused on
two individuals Tamara and Sasha
Vaynerchuk tomorrow from the HR people
skill foundation sasha from the work
ethic you know we mentioned that in
Episode three or four so you know
they're really my only mentors that's it
