nam asks how did you deal with working
in a family business nam very carefully
family businesses are difficult I'm in
my second one my dad my brother I look
forward to my one with my kids one day
Misha and Xander if you want to be an
entrepreneur call me um you know I I
think the real answer is Nam the reason
I've had two successful family
businesses is very simply and kudos to
my dad and kudos to my mom and kudos to
just a lot of fortune things that
allowed my dad and I and now my brother
and I to allow our love to trump our our
pride our competitiveness our business
POVs somehow in our specific situation
probably predicated with a lot of hard
work specifically for my mom more than
you would think and my dad and then the
incredible natural DNA that they gifted
me we have created a situation where
we've allowed at the end of the day for
us not to lose focus on the fact that we
love each other more than we care about
getting our way
