what's up everyone it's gary vaynerchuk
doing an interview series with founders
i I'm not making a prediction that I'm
going to do this often because the truth
is I like to hear myself speak more than
I like to hear other people speak but
figure we're at South by D rock is sad
that I didn't take many askgaryvee
episodes so I decided to make some
content obviously for the askgaryvee
show near cat has become a new amazing
addition for the behind the scenes
obviously I've been paying attention to
it very heavily it's been the whole buzz
at South by Southwest I've been
following Ben's career for a long time
since since this product was an
iteration couple of iterations ago so
then why don't you tell the vaynernation
a little bit about yourself and what
you're doing now so we're working the
live video space for over two years two
and a half years now I'm trying to
figure out how can we form a new habit
for people to go out of the comfort zone
and live stream because this is
something that people don't do often I'm
27 from Israel originally study look
great you look 24 go ahead and site
architecture I dropped out of college in
my third year to build yellow which was
the first iteration of this product
why he bbl/d rock show a show show it
how it used to be good and what we
figured out over the time with the evo
we have a grew to like 400,000 users but
we thought that there is no heartbeat
and what we thought that our vision for
this thing to be is not it's not what
it's going to be so we go back we went
back to our Investor and say you know
where an F have half of the way down and
we think we should close that flat
platform and we need to do series of
iteration based of what we learned so we
set up this six experiment and the first
thing that we put out was meerkat but
just kind of the whole team was working
on a different experience 12 friend
which was in big use case of Java and we
could just took off it was built just by
the CTO the client not the back in the
back end we worked a long time on that
and just took off and after five days we
decided to focus the whole team on that
what was the first day that it was
launched when the taking off started
exactly 16 years 16 days ago 27 27 up
ever februari 27 yeah and since then red
bull American Idol Ronnie Hart the
Secretary of Commerce the governor of
Florida Gary Vaynerchuk Gary Vaynerchuk
why don't we show the leaderboard right
now yeah
jerry vander killed it yesterday with i
think the largest amount of concurrent
Watchers ever more than that more than
15,000 was amazing so what what do you
think the biggest misconception was the
biggest misconception of meerkat right
now to three weeks in we're just getting
going a lot of opinions yeah you know
Twitter's gonna shut you down periscope
I don't get it why not you stream what's
the biggest misconceptions you're
hearing right now I think the biggest
misconception is under estimating a team
that was with a product outside and had
400,000 users and had the chance to eat
irate and make mistake over and over and
over again in this we had to let go for
four person of our staff reduce it it
was we've been through a lot of and
the biggest misconception is under
estimating how unpolished product could
be and under estimating what a team that
had a product out for two years and
closing products right different thing
can do the context of all those
learnings the context of all this
learning just
this is one misconception like this
forget about you know what let me take a
spin off because I think a lot of the
people that watch this are less worried
about where you're going which i think
is right the business world yeah what
about them on a day-to-day basis normal
people yeah let's go that route all
right so this is the biggest
misconception and people ask why now why
now live stream so we were kids we had
cameras our parents had cameras we know
what standard of a good photo we know
how good photo should look like what is
the mindset diet would follow what are
the standards of what it means a good
photo so when software substitute came
like Instagram it was an easy transition
for the habit forming to go to the
software side we know what a good photo
should look like we know what it means
live streaming is not we didn't live
stream when we were kids our parents
didn't live stream and the biggest
misconception
don't worry we're all right
d Rock sure yeah
don't worry keep it rollin d Rock you
know how I like it alright then I like
it be straight all right I like it live
stream no problem I love it real time
for I love the real why do you
think I like what you do like a long
time go edit tell him don't edit d-rock
don't edit g rock go ahead alright so in
the early 20th century people didn't
smile on picture it was weird to smile
and pick or in Russia in the 60s and 70s
because they were miserable keep going
and that means how habit needs time to
evolve and we're just now unlocking this
habit of live streaming live streaming
how people are going to be live
streamers what does it mean what is a
good stream what does it mean to be what
does it mean to discover live stream in
real time and I think there is a lot of
this for us to learn and there's a lot
of this that we already learned and I
think that the biggest misconception is
thinking that there is that there is not
going to be a new medium here because
because we are unlocking you sets of
having what percentage of normal people
do you think don't think live streaming
is gonna take off I don't I what's your
guess what's your guess I don't know I I
assume a lot of them because they're not
they don't know what it means to go long
they don't know what it means they know
what you think I just do you think do
they think and live streaming bandido do
you think 12 13 14 15 16 year olds are
more likely to say this is gonna happen
because that is the snapshot which is an
amazing company they just went with a
big machete and just pave the road did
you guys go with your yellow color
because a snapchat no because because
meerkat is in the Kalahari Desert and
it's very yellow but and it's just like
made sense and then the first time we
said like oh did we made a mistake
it's when you try to open a meerkat and
you open snapchat and then you say and
then I came from worry and he said
setting worry I think I think I think
maybe maybe it's not a good idea that
it's yellow and it's a good it came from
a very true placing the heart and so
leave it that way so leave it that play
yeah man yeah good luck to you my friend
thank you guys thank you for having me
cat it up
you
