good morning uh first and foremost
really quickly just want to create some
context how many people in this
auditorium have no idea who I am raise
your hands that hurts actually
if we can keep the lights on that be
amazing I'd rather see the faces I
figured that was the case so I'm going
to take a few minutes to give you
context of where I come from and then we
can go into the the spiel and then I
guess we'll do some Q&A I was born in
Belarus in the former Soviet Union
I came to America when I was three years
old and I was extremely poor as you
could imagine my family lived in a
studio apartment in Queens New York with
uh with eight family members my dad got
a job at a liquor store getting paid two
dollars an hour and that's where our
American dream started he eventually
saved up all his money over five years
and bought a small liquor store in New
Jersey which is where we moved where I
grew up I was always a business kid
salesman selling lemonade baseball cards
whatever I could do to make money when I
was 14 my dad dragged me into the liquor
store that he owned and I went from
making $1,000 a weekend selling baseball
cards to making 2 bucks an hour bagging
ice for 15 hours a day so went from a
thousand a day to $30 a day I call those
the years somewhere around 16 17 I
fell in love with the idea of wine and
more importantly collecting wine at this
point to take it a step back I want
everybody understand by the time I
decided I wanted to run my dad's
business I I was probably 18 or 19 years
old I had never even owned a computer in
my life I have probably spent less than
five hours of my entire life at 18 years
old in front of a computer I'm a little
bit older than some peeps in this room
and so that's just the way it was I mean
there's a lot of people in this room
that don't remember the world
pre-internet but it existed and so
and so you know I I thought that I was
going to open up a hundred liquor stores
100 wine stores across America you know
one day sell it and buy the New York
Jets which is an American football team
which is my my business and life goals
still to this day in 1994 I went to
college and I was in my dorm room
playing Madden 94 on on Sega Genesis and
my friend ran in and he said you have to
come and see this and so after a couple
of uh after I finished my game I went
into my friend's dorm room and him and
7:00 and my friends were sitting in
front of a computer and it was the first
time that I had ever heard who couch
which is old-school dial-up internet and
my friends stood in from this computer
and my friend Joe looked at me and he
said the words that changed my life
forever
he stood him from this computer I had
never seen the internet before I said
these profound words is this the
information superhighway you know that's
what we called it then and he looked at
me and he said yeah he goes and these
are the words that changed my life he's
in front of a computer he looks at me
and he says we can get chicks on this
thing and so we proceeded to spend seven
hours on AOL talking to what we think
was girls
somewhere about five minutes into this
process i sat there again this was old
school like there was a guy in front of
a computer and seven people like hanging
over it I stood there and about five or
six minutes and - ever seeing the
Internet I said holy crap I think I can
sell on this and I decided by that
night that I no longer needed to open a
thousand liquor stores that I was going
to figure this thing out there was
something here by that summer in 1996
about a year later excuse me and into
that summer in 1996 I launched
winelibrary.com which was the second
ecommerce wine business
in the United States in the the site
cost me $15,000 to build in 1996 in the
first year of operations the entire site
sold $800 worth of wine that's exactly
right
I don't know how many of you have a
Soviet father but Sasha was not happy
with that ROI um what was interesting
was that nobody was committed to it I
was still somewhat in school I still had
no idea what to do with websites
and most people were not comfortable
with putting their credit card into a
computer back then what's interesting to
me and what I want to spend the rest of
my time talking about is how did I go
from 1996 that site doing eight hundred
and fifty dollars in sales to the fact
that when I did take over my dad's wine
business in 1998 it was a three million
dollar business and in a five year
window from 98 to 2003 I grew that
business from a three to a sixty million
dollar business I did it with all the
tactics and skill sets that most of this
room has in 1998 most people weren't
thinking about you know email marketing
they definitely weren't thinking about
Adwords or banner retargeting or all the
quantum stuff that many people think
about here look I wasn't really that
kind of character
I think I'm more qualified
this data and all these other things
were really the backbone of how I built
this business the thing that I want to
spend most of my time in this talk
though about is as I got ready for this
conference and I started understanding
who's in the audience and I followed the
hashtag and tried to really bring value
here today the thing that I want people
to understand is there's two core words
that I spend a lot of time thinking
about right now the new thing that I'm
spending most of my time on is something
that I call the attention graph right at
the end of the day we're all battling to
create a conversion to sell something
whether you're hardcore DR and math and
quant or if you're trying to build a
brand and play the long game a lot of
people in this room as I was digging
down the rabbit hole on my flight and
looking at what you did for a living
there's a lot of people in this room
that have really figured out conversion
right really understand the value of the
current state of the internet but the
thing that I spend almost all of my time
on is lifetime value right because the
thing that's happening right now with my
smartest math driven quant friends is
there's a disrespect to what happens to
create an actual brand or business for
the long term if this was just a math
game Groupon and LivingSocial and Zynga
would have won this a long time again
though so what I'm really trying to
figure out is if people are really
understanding the mix of the two and the
value my friends is in the attention
graph let me explain
I've 1.2 million followers on Twitter
that's in 2015 in February in 2007 when
I had a hundred thousand followers on
Twitter I was getting dramatically more
conversion because the supply of noise
was so different we live in a world
where I know more than anything guys let
me take a step back you don't mind what
let me just take a step back more than I
know that the Sun will come up tomorrow
I know one thing marketers ruin
everything and I need everybody to
understand that how many people here
have done email marketing in their
career have done email marketing
understand it raise it high get hit with
me I want to see this
perfect in 1997 I had a 240,000 person
wine email list that had ninety 1.1
percent open rates Thank You Germany
have a good night
and I and and this is why this is a fun
room for me because I know who's in this
room seventy-three percent click-through
ratio to the product or the Buy button
1997 now I'm sure all of you know that
those numbers are not going to be
touched you know why in 1997 in America
marketers hadn't up email yet
right at that point when you got it you
read everything for all the old-school
people here in 94 95 we read every
 word of every email that's right
and when Google AdWords came out I
bought the word wine on Google AdWords
the day Google AdWords came out for five
cents and owned it for nine and a half
months before anybody bid me up that's
how you win that's the arbitrage we're
sitting in a room here right now we're a
far majority of people don't understand
the arbitrage value that's going on
right now they understand the tried and
true of SCM or banner retargeting or
buying on the exchange they understand
those things because they've been
established but it is stunning to me how
many people are disrespecting Facebook
dark posts unpublished post and
retargeting right now in a world where
I've seen bigger D our conversion rates
through that channel that I've seen
since the beginning of Google AdWords as
the best conversion funnel I've ever
seen yet most people are struggling with
it because the far majority of the
skilled practitioner in this room
understand dr and conversion but they
understand it more in a banner and
google world not in a facebook world
that is completely reliant on the
creative right because understand one
thing right this second facebook is
sitting on the biggest data and most
accurate data set we've seen ever it is
stunning
how far down the rabbit hole and how
much we can use our other data and in
and create look like audiences and
create conversion yet even though for
the last 20 months the best
practitioners have been exposing this
the market is still not aware so I can
still drive two and three and four
dollars CPMs to websites right now off
of Facebook but they were dollar fifty
five minutes ago and they're gonna be
eleven dollar CPMs in five minutes as
the market corrects see the game we need
to keep playing and the reason that I
was able to build that business and the
reason that I've been able to continue
what I've done and the reason I invested
back in 2006 and 78 and things like
Twitter and Facebook and Tumblr is that
it's just always the same old game my
friends arbitrage right it's the same
old game where is the value while the
rest of the market doesn't understand it
you can play catch-up or you can be a
leader the leader has the opportunity of
getting dramatically bigger ROI in the
short term but the problem is you have
to be willing to take the risk you can't
wait for the white papers to come out to
tell you how to do it you can't wait and
so I implore a lot of you in this room
to really take a step back and really
think about what's going on because what
is happening right in front of all of
our eyes right now is we are living
through this single biggest culture
shift of our time this internet thing is
grossly underrated by every single
person in this room the rock star
sitting here me included this is only a
20 year phenomenon the Internet as we
know it for the consumer is a 20 year
thing I know there's some nerd in the
back and side actually garyun in 1950s I
know nerd but I mean normal
people 20 years 20 years how many people
in this room remember the world
pre-internet raise your hands I mean
it's jut does does anybody understand
what's happening here it's just started
and people think it's over I remember
being at a conference and I go Facebook
and Twitter one it's over right in the
36 months since the idiot said
it was over Instagram Pinterest snap
chat it's just started everything we
talked about everything every person in
this room talks about didn't exist 10
years ago maybe 12 12 years ago 12 none
of this existed so I implore
everybody to understand a couple things
one if you're not thinking about
lifetime value your play only lasts for
so long and so while you're converting
or doing whatever you're doing
and-and-and-and more importantly
actually I'm gonna take another step
back marketers brand people add tech
people please can we start making the
conversation about depth versus with
like I'm so tired of how many
impressions or awareness this is created
I don't know about you guys but like
when I was building my wine business
there was no justification to Sasha that
a lot of people heard about it
he was very simply like how many bottles
of Pinot Noir did it sell right super
simple and so what's happening in the
marketing world is we're scoring for the
sake of awareness and we're not
understanding what it's doing for sales
on the flip side on the flip side for a
lot of people in this room we need to
start debating what's the emotional
connection what brand are we actually
building how is it not just quant how
are we building something that lasts
when our arbitrage or our quant doesn't
work anymore
right so look here's the world I live in
right now if you're in this room and
you're trying to sell stuff and you
haven't realized that on an everyday
basis Instagram continues to grow and
become the leading social network you're
not living in 2015 we're watching a
completely sweep and look I did as much
homework as I could on what's happening
in the German market the growth is there
but just to give you an insight I'm sure
this is at some level the rationale why
to bring American speakers to this
conference look I have a lot of friends
in Europe and I always tell them and as
you heard earlier being born in Europe
I'm I'm completely fascinated by the
notion of how you can see trends happen
in the US market and then take advantage
of that
to understand one thing no matter where
you live so many of the human behaviors
are similar obviously there's cultural
differences obviously hey look I come
from a place where people want to keep
secrets because you want to be safe but
the bottom line is so many things
translate so please pay attention to the
fact that Instagram is growing at a
rapid pace but for a majority of this
room
you don't like Instagram do you because
on the post level there is no link out
to quantify your conversion right
there's no link out to drive your sale
yet we disrespect the attention graph
that at the end of the day the consumer
is spending an enormous amount of time
actually consuming their photos on
Instagram and though I have only 55 or
60 thousand followers on Instagram I'm
able to drive a lot more awareness and
results because by owning a wine shop by
owning my data on how I sell books by
owning all the funnel and understanding
all the way through though I can't
quantify against the link because that's
not how Instagram works I can isolate
tests very easy and understand I am
creating my conversion funnel because it
all comes down to attention attention is
what I give a about I run a company
called vaynermedia right now we have
fortune 500 companies you know Unilever
and Pepsi and Toyota
big big brands Michael you know it's
insane it's insane what's going on with
television advertising in the US an 80
billion dollar industry and all we're
trying to do look no matter what you do
in this room no matter what you do every
person in this room has one job the job
is to grab somebody's attention and then
tell them your story and then sell them
your whether you're trying to raise
money for your school or sell sneakers
or whatever you're trying to do that is
your job you need somebody's attention
and then you get a chance to tell them
your story and the fact that matter is
what's really interesting to me is that
people are misunderstanding how quickly
the attention is fleeting away from
things just now people are sitting in a
conference room around the world saying
we should really get serious about our
Twitter strategy right
I mean that's happening that's real talk
meanwhile you just heard what's happened
to my interest graph or attention graph
from 2007 to 2015
bigger results at a hundred thousand
followers than one point two because the
supply and demand of how many tweets and
how much one can pay attention to so
right now I am spending an ungodly
amount of time on Instagram and snapchat
and in 36 months the rest of the US
market will say uh let's start getting
serious about these things and then I'll
be focusing on Yik yak or something else
that has emerged because the opening
moments are always the most valuable
then you hit critical mass you get value
out of that and then it starts sloping
on the other end and so that is the
rinse and repeat of marketing always and
forever from radio to television to
cable television to the Internet to web
102 web 200 to social media it's the
same old game over and over and over
again and the winners in this game over
and over again are not scared to waste
their time I spent 41 sleepless nights
two years ago trying to figure out
Socialcam Socialcam was going to be the
next big thing it exploded in five
minutes in the US because Facebook gave
at a disproportionate advantage in the
newsfeed when it first came out and
everybody was on it and I didn't sleep
for the big thing that I'm proud of
with myself is when I see something and
I believe in it
I completely shut down go into a cave
and figure it the out right and
what that means for me because I work 15
hours a day is 11 p.m. to 4:00 in the
morning and so I spent a month from 11
p.m. to 4:00 in the morning figuring
Socialcam out and then it was dead right
dead and a lot of my buddies who know
this is my thesis they got a real kick
out of that because they were sick of me
talking about how I want on Facebook and
Twitter and Tumblr but this time they
got to stick it to me and they did and I
wasted my time
however only nine and a half months
later something came out called vine and
all the things I learned about the way
the consumers engaged with Socialcam
became enormous IP for me on how to
figure out how
people used vine and even though vine
ironically is starting to slow down and
lose its luster it had an 18 month run
where there was a lot of value I did
start a agency that represented all the
vine and snapchat stars with a guy by
the name of Jerome Jarre and built an
enormous Liebig ten million dollar
business in 24 months all on the IP that
I learned because the truth is the
psychology of the user is always the
same the platforms may change but the
behavior is similar and that's what we
need to figure out back to TV
80 million billion dollars spent how
many people in this room besides live
sports
now watch TV on their time not what it
airs but you watch it on Netflix or HBO
Go or DVR PVR what do you guys cook what
do you call it DVR what do you call it
DVD great how many people watch their
favorite TV shows not when it actually
ears but when you want to watch it raise
your hands
Oh weird everybody and how many of you
in the last year every time you get a
chance
fast-forward every single commercial
raise your hands
yeah and so this is what's happening my
friends 80 billions dollars spent to try
to tell stories to a world where we all
run away from it how many people here
can't wait to open their cell phone and
click the pop-up banner ad that takes
over the page they want that's what I
figured yet plenty of people here give
recommendations to use it my friends
it's cops and robbers Mouse and cat we
as consumers don't want to be bothered
we don't want to be interrupted
the reason Facebook has worked so well
is because as the world's gone mobile
and the ads are natively in the feed
they're not disrupting us from what we
actually want to do right I for example
will never buy a Samsung item again you
know why because this is how marketing
works in 2015 last year the New York
Jets my favorite football team we're
going to trade a player so every day I
was going to espn.com on my phone in
between every meeting
just to make sure I didn't miss it of
course I had all the updates and
followed all the things but I just did
not want to miss it so 20 times a day I
would go to espn.com every single time
that I did a big fat banner popped up
for Samsung right all of them and as you
guys know the banners on cell phones
they're small and the X even smaller and
our thumb even bigger right so eight out
of the twenty times when I went to exit
out so I could go to where I really
wanted to go
I missed the X and I clicked the Samsung
banner back home at agencyland
and samsung land and quant guy'll and
they're like look at this impressions
look at these 20 impressions he clicked
it eight times
that's an incredible click the ratio all
right so back home the math looks
phenomenal right back home the clicks
the ratio is through the roof
but in reality I called my wife the
eighth time and I said Lizzy you listen
to me this family until I'm dead we'll
never buy a Samsung item again
we all know it right we all know it and
I tweeted out to my million point two
followers 18 times
 you Samsung that's okay if only a
couple thousand saw it back to the
problem but then I took a selfie on
Instagram said you you Samsung
more people saw it and I've gone on for
the last 15 months to conferences and
telling the story - you Samsung and
my hope is that two or three of you are
affected deeply by this and never buy
another Samsung item what that means is
the ROI on that 50 percent click-through
is horrible and that's how it works
isn't it right there is so much wrong
data right there's so much wrong big
data we
talk about it we look at it but the
problem is we just have a whole lot of
marketers who just like to market and
the problem is we just have a whole lot
of math guys and gals who just like the
math of it but at the end of the day
aren't we really all just sitting here
talking about actual business like how
the do I sell this sneaker huh how
do I sell this sneaker I sell it by many
different ways and sure I can have
somebody go to my website look at this
sneaker cookie the out of him
follow him around the internet until he
 gives up and buys it I can do
that and I like that that's one way to
do it but that can't be the only way to
do it because that person might be after
the 19th time that he goes on a website
and sees another banner for this sneaker
that person might turn it into Samsung
right we have to do other things plus
more importantly more importantly we
live in a world now of an alternative
listen I have no vested interest in
Facebook doing great or not great I
fully believe that I will be making fun
of Facebook dark posts ads in three to
four years when the ROI swing goes the
other direction but I implore everybody
to at least understand the psychology of
why it works it works because it's
native in the stream it works because
it's a mix of the two groups of people
that are in this room the quant
and the qua right it's targeted as
but you still need to put the right
video in the picture and the right copy
and the right creative to hit them in
the ear it's always the brain and the
heart it's always the brain and the
heart and way too many people are either
on team brain or team heart and you need
to smash them together and when you find
platforms that allow you to do both
allow what Facebook does right now
you've got a very special moment and I'm
sure that Instagram or snapchat or Yik
yak or whatever else comes out in the
future will pay attention to the value
prop here and it is a major value prop
and so if I can get anybody here
especially on the quant banner
retargeting math side to please take a
deeper look into that world you will see
humongous dividends but please go into
that world with much bigger eyes to
recognize you need to respect the
creative because the creative is always
the variable to the conversion all right
so there's
what else can I do in my nine minutes um
couple other things I want to talk to
you about why did I hate Samsung it's
something I want you guys to spend a lot
of time on and ironically the answer is
time I invested in uber pretty early on
I missed the first round or two which is
a huge mistake on my part because I love
Travis but then I finally invested in it
and I'm still going to do great and I'm
excited about it
but why did I ultimately make the plunge
after I passed on it to invest it was
because my brother who took the first
uber ride in New York which I think is
amazingly interesting we I remember us
thinking about how would ever work in
New York in a world where we have the
best transportation system in the world
and what I realized a couple months in
was oh my god uber doesn't sell
transportation uber sells time the
reason I take an uber is because I'm
guaranteed it's going to be there and
I'm taking away the risk of waiting
three or four minutes for a cab uber
sells time the reason I was pissed at
Samsung was because every time I click
that banner it took me another hundreds
of a second to exit out the website and
go back to where I wanted and that
hundreds of a second really matters to
me if you take a step back with me my
friends right now and journey with me I
promise you you outside of the health
and well-being of the people you love
the most and second your money the thing
that you value the most in the world is
time think about the last time that your
phone or your laptop where the internet
was a couple of a hundred seconds slower
than normal
think about how pissed you were right
it's crazy how these seconds have become
so valuable in a world where we're
getting pounded all the time where every
minute counts how many people in this
room is back to the old-school
pre-internet I mean I grew up
pre-internet I was at I worked before
the Internet completely took over how
many people here remember when you work
nine to five nine two six nine to seven
that that was it that the day was over
remember that world that world doesn't
exist anymore you're getting pounded
24/7 365 and so what's happened in the
world that's become so intense is we
value time so much more and so
why am I telling you this I'm telling
you this because that's why my open
rates on email have gone down from
ninety-one percent to thirty five
percent it's why my tweets are being
engaged with as much
it's the supply and demand of attention
and the core the core pillar of that is
your time so we as marketers as business
people as who we are in the world we
need to figure out when we're doing
executions are we actually respecting
the person on the other side's time are
we actually caring about that at all
because every second that goes by that
is becoming a bigger and bigger
importance and value prop to the end
consumer and so many of our tactics
completely disrespect that and it's
something that I want a lot of people to
think about so what else outdoor media I
know this doesn't sit for a lot of
people in this room but it's a perfect
example for me of behavior change
because we're living through the biggest
culture shift of our time billboards
multi-billion dollar industry around the
world do me a favor when you leave this
conference if you happen to be driving
in the next couple months look around I
promise you there's not a single person
that's a passenger in a car anymore that
is not looking down at their phone so
how can the ROI of a billboard be as
valuable as it used to be when the
attention is going in the other
direction because of the technology
ships we're living through as a matter
of fact do me a real big favor when
you're driving make sure you look over I
promise you another thing forget about
the passenger
three out of every five of the drivers
they're also looking at their phone so
my friends people are looking at
billboards anymore they're not even
looking at the road
the average twenty seven-year-old in a
recent survey could not recall anything
on the right side of a website including
the most important information why
that's where banners have lived for so
long and literally it has become a blind
spot to the end consumer a literal blind
spot on the screen because we grew and
the 27 year old grew up with facebook
pre desktop when it was there and could
not recall anything
including the most important information
at scale tens of thousands of people
surveyed could not recall the right side
of a website because that is the blind
spot
arbitrage ROI I want to talk to you
about another sector that is becoming
massively important and is being
disrespected and has a 24 to 36 month
window for you to get a bigger return on
your investment I call it micro
celebrity I don't mean people with a
million or two million followers I mean
the long tail of influence I have seen
enormous conversion rates great brand
building sales the we should all
care about by engaging people that have
five hundred nine hundred thirty seven
thirteen thousand and one followers
especially when you do it on Instagram
I've seen very little on Twitter but on
Instagram completely over the top back
to the point of attention and so I
highly recommend people in this room
that are trying to create ROI and
understand sell brand market for you to
start going down a path there's a
company I'm desperately trying to invest
in right now I think I'm going to get it
otherwise I wouldn't say it out loud
it's a company called Co everywhere you
may want to check it out
they're using instagrams API you can
literally circle a location on a map and
I'll show you the most influential
people in that area on Instagram using
instagrams new open API of location it
has been stunning to me how you can find
the most popular girl in high schools
give her a free t-shirt and get an
enormous ROI on your campaign even if
that free t-shirt is 50 bucks even if
they're that free t-shirt is five
hundred dollars for a lot of people in
this room that rely completely on math
and the quant and the ads you'd be
stunned how the math works out on an
acquisition that looks like that and
sure I know a lot of people are sitting
here and thinking it's not scalable but
let me promise you something my friends
the best stuff the stuff that sells the
most is always scaling the unscalable if
it's scalable everybody else is doing it
and that ruins the supply and demand of
attention and so we're living an
interesting
20:15 how many people in this room
including when they're sleeping are
never arms-length away from their phone
raise your hands raise it high look at
this I mean this is crack cocaine
right I mean and this starts the process
if you really understand it that gets
really interesting which is it starts
here and eventually it's gonna I think
it's going to be here and eventually
it's gonna be here and look honest
pisses anybody that we're going to be
 robots but it's going to happen
right and what you need to understand
about this is why and how come and
what's really important about that it's
the attention right it's always the
attention if all of our eyes and ears
are here and you're not thinking mobile
furred guys if you're not thinking
mobile first guys if you have websites
that you give a about that are not
mobile friendly that are not mobile
native in 2015 you're just not living in
the world that we actually live in right
you're just just not and look I probably
have two or three websites that are
mobile-friendly right like like I know
we all do it but that is another call to
action from this talk we've got to fix
that this is absolutely the entire
market the whole thing and then let's
think about why Google is nervous
because if you think about it right now
if you take a step back this is this has
been fun to do in crowd especially
educated crowds like this this is
stunning it is fascinating how much less
I actually searched on Google on my
phone versus the way I did it on my
desktop the behavior is so different
isn't it and that we have to learn from
we have to learn from that behavior we
have to understand how to be mobile
first we have to understand that we're
just starting I saw an end with this and
then we'll go into Q&A just saw startup
because I do a lot of investing in the
US they've got smart pants right so we
all know about smart phones right are
you Germany ready for smart pants let me
tell you what your smart pants do your
smart pants talk to your phone let me
paint you picture of what's going on in
the u.s. sent across the world we
I think everybody here can agree that
within the next half decade to a decade
all of us are paying for everything with
this right this is how you pay now let
me talk to you about how your smart
pants talk to your smartphone so you put
is that is that how you guys do it here
oh it's you doing it just give me a
dress my job give me two minutes do
please I promise okay thank you
all right try your best ready smart
pants you put on your smart
pants right in Germany like now you give
a talk you go to the airport right after
that's just like I do and I try to go
eat something I am supposed to be
putting on a little less weight I've
been working out
I run to Burger King I want to buy some
food I say give me a whopper and some
fries great I order it 659 great I take
out my phone I go to pay for it ping
declined and my phone says from my smart
pants on attack say eat a salad fat ass
everything everything in our lives over
the next two three decades
we'll be smart our wine glass will tell
us to drink the wine because it's
getting warm our pants will tell us to
eat a salad we have to understand in a
connected fast-paced world attention is
the only asset and if we as marketers
continue to disrespect the consumer and
continue to force them to click our
buttons and only rely on the math and
make us feel good and not recognize that
we're hurting our brands not helping
over the long term we will lose and I
implore you not to lose thank you
