let's start with this I fully fully
100,000% with no hedge do not believe
that you can teach entrepreneurship
right so that's awkward you know it's
crazy for me that that word is now
considered like cool and good I think of
entrepreneurship in a very rugged very
raw much dirtier way twenty years ago
entrepreneur meant that you were a
 loser that was figuring it out
watching what's happening to the world
right now where this has become a hot
topic is interesting to me and like I'm
super-pumped I grew up a DNF student and
the reason I grew up a DNF student was I
was unable to sit in a room like this
and listen to whoever was sitting up
here because all I wanted to do was sell
 I've had no other gear somewhere
around fourth grade when I got an F on a
science test I literally like that day
was like yeah that makes sense to me
because I don't give a about Saturn
that's not who I am
