doc asks in episode 62 you asked if we
were going to submit a question via
Instagram I said no because I don't have
a smartphone so I can't get an account
so I borrowed my daughter's phone to
open an account and upload the stupid
question my question is are you happy
now Gary doc you and I have been jamming
and interacting on Twitter for a very
long time and the fact that you care
enough about me and this show to jump
into new waters is in essence the entire
thesis of what I do for a living would
just try to get people to stop drawing
lines in the sand and not be religious
and jump in and do new things and taste
them and then decide if they're stupid I
am happy but I'm going to be a hell of a
lot happier in nine and a half months
when I go back to your account that you
just put up and see enormously beautiful
selfie shots from the dock
