Lex asks Gary I've got a question for
you who is the historical figure you
would have lunch with if you could and
why Lex great question first and
foremost but two things one Lex I really
think you should put a URL in your
Instagram account so links out and to
vaynernation you should check out his
Instagram it is a tremendous tremendous
effort great pictures I mean we're
rolling with heavy truth in episode 64
the answer to this question is nobody
and I really really really hate giving
it because if I'm on the other side of
this camera I'm looking at that and
saying you think you're so great that
there's nobody you want to meet and
weirdly there's probably a truth to that
it is actually fundamentally completely
insane how little energy i have of
meeting anybody all time there's plenty
people that I find ridiculously
fascinating you know Winston Churchill
is super high and interesting Randy the
Macho Man Savage is a big one for me
pete rozelle the former NFL commissioner
i just read his book I don't read a lot
of books I read a book when me Lizzy
went away in November I'm up to nine you
know there's a million walk you know
Walt Disney's interesting story telling
like there's people interesting but it's
crazy like if you said you could have
dinner with any historical figure we're
talking Abraham Lincoln Walt Disney or
the Jets could be you could be not
playing in the Super Bowl that's what
I'm going you could be in August right
now and watching the Jets first
preseason game I'd rather do the Jets
preseason game think about how insane
that is like preseason I said it's
there's something really broken with me
and I think it comes from ego DNA I do
or just speaks to like a theme that I
think a lot of you know which is I'm
like this right like I'm um I mean I you
know I'd rather look at christine's
Twitter account for 19 minutes and bring
that value to the people that have
bestowed in me the interest in paying
attention to me then for me to go and
spend you know
nice meal and drink some nice wine with
you know Joseph Stalin so I could tell
me was piece of crap I mean I don't know
like like I don't I don't I don't uh I
don't feel it I've never felt it I have
no interest it's just super not
interesting for me
