Ben asks Gary what if your children
taught you about life and business first
of all that was a great video big ups i
think the Instagram videos have huge
potential as well the creativity is
coming through more than the YouTube
videos were just person space so that's
a lot of fun you know it's funny i took
that this question as well because i
think my answer is going to be super
unpopular i think i think a lot of
people are going to be you know
everybody's looking for the romantic
answer right like you know the truth is
i love my kids insanely but i love my
wife and i love my parents so insanely
that you know i love them more but like
the rocks always scared when i go
politically incorrect now do you
recommend is the true that I promised me
very honest on this like do I love my
kids more to my parents it's a really
interesting debate for me it's much
closer than the normal politically
correct or answer that I hear from
others so it's not like they taught me
how to love I you know people say that
all time I was loving everything
before um I guess some you know I guess
at the end of the day the things that
really really uh you know what this is
the trancer the the thing that my kids
have taught me about life and I guess I
believe this very much in business and
so many of you that have been jamming
with me for a long time no they've
taught me from the other side how
powerful DNA really is watching my kids
do the same exact things i do like misha
when she performs in our living room
she's spending more time trying to pay
attention if we're paying attention then
on her actual performance that's what I
do when I give talks I'm like looking in
the crowd to make sure they're not on
their phone like you know Xander's looks
of like like I got you like just crazy
so like they taught me how powerful DNA
is it's you know and and maybe they
taught me to uh you know maybe they've
taught me a more extreme level of
respect for Lizzie I'm it saying she's
an just an incredible mother and just
watching her how she's executing in her
role with them is is uh has taught me a
lot about her um but for me you know
they haven't taught me jack rap about
business and other than the reason I
been on people is based on
my intuition around their DNA and then I
watched their DNA come full throttle I'm
just a big DNA guy
