Daniel asks numbers of monthly active
users aside do you think Instagram is
actually a larger social network than
Twitter Daniel I think that a its rim
and Twitter are tremendously different I
think Twitter is kind of the town hall
the cocktail party of our society when
things happen in the world you know
that's where we're going you know
unfortunate hostage situation in Sydney
I'm not running to insta to see the
pictures I'm running to Twitter for the
conversation on the flip side I do not
believe there's a social network in the
world that exists right now that has
more of the end attention of the
consumer that Instagram meaning we're
looking at those pictures pretty
carefully in this world by comparison
you know it's you know this episode's
going to tie nice together because
nicely because I know the other
questions and I know my push for insta I
think it's about attention on the gram
and I think that's where it's really
winning I think people are really
consuming content and paying attention
one of the reasons that Twitter is
evolving is you know I used to be able
to send a tweet six years ago and even
though with substantially less of an
audience of reach I had more action
because the attention was more serious
now the fire hose has gotten so intense
so those are the variables you know from
a net net game of attention I think it's
pretty close but Instagram is clearly
going in the right direction they just
put that differently that's all oh crap
wait subscribe do I need subscriptions
because I can't push this many right
hooks in social so subscribe
