Daniel asks what's the best advice you
can give salespeople in social media dee
Gordon would sell my friend just want to
give you one more shout out for that
time we hung out years ago at your
family's business I enjoyed it thanks
for the question biggest piece of advice
that I'm willing to give to sales people
in this world is actually ironically the
Jab Jab Jab right hook it's cliche I
think you guys know where I would go
with this I mean the truth is
everybody's trying to close too early
it's just lack of patience it's not
providing value why in the world am I
doing this show is it that i missed the
limelight of a daily show by the way
this will not be a daily show just to
just to kill any lack of confusion i'm
going away in two weeks of my family
unlike Wine Library TV days where I
would tape ten episodes that will not be
happening you'll be missing me at the
end of august but i will come back with
gusto in September it's because I want
to provide value it's because I can be
regurgitating the same old stuff that I
believe in core principles or I could go
to this format and give me value on a
daily basis on things that you're
looking for and so you know to me a
couple things one understand Facebook
dark posts the segmentation is
incredible to Twitter search you can
pull people out one by one three
LinkedIn's coming soon with their
product where you'll be able to focus
based on titles so you can hit up every
single person that's a CFO of financial
service company in their stream that's
the hit up not spamming them in the mail
on linkedin so be tactical but
understand the religion right which is
provide value up front how many of you
who watch the show provide value put out
stories entertainment free stuff reply
to people and aren't just hitting up
people who have more followers or more
exposure than you to try to get exposure
to self how many of you are trying to
actually provide value
you
