I really only curse onstage mainly
because I grew up obsessed with Richard
Pryor the more people that are in the
room the more I tend to curse
let's fucking provide value right the
fuck now too busy for my fucking dick
too busy for my fucking dick fuck you
that's a motherfucking culture shift you
know I curse a lot on stage and it's
kind of weird
fuck you nerd hurry up dick shit shut
your fucking mouth god damn it I've
psychoanalyzed this and I could pinch
myself that well at least I only curse
on stage and I don't curse in real life
and that was true you start getting it
to practice on stage and starts slowly
sweeping into your regular life that's
so fucking awesome and I'm giving 3
cents here motherfuckers well hey dick
face that they want fucking things to
happen I think human beings overthink
shit you're not getting shit people that
are talking shit and stop being a dick
there's something to using my piercing
as a filter to filter out people who are
only willing to look at surface level
we're not usually the kind of people I
want to do business with in the first
place I'm a fucking fire
