here's the problem of culturing all this
is psychology right so like I was born
the Soviet Union right and so like for
as much as China loves to talk about
it's capitalism there's plenty of
communist tendencies still in that
country there I'm an investor in a
company that control and then
somebody wired into the government who
was competing with that app decided that
was a bad thing and I just disappeared
right that doesn't really happen as much
in the u.s. right and so I think that
culturally we have to understand a lot
of differences for example nobody in
America cares about privacy let's start
with that we think we do but our
behavior shows we don't because the only
do things Americans really care about is
the health of their family and money and
both of those things have been solved
with a more open world not addition for
example how many being here on that
credit card fraud in their lives our
strategy right quite a few if every one
of these people didn't get their money
back they would give a about
privacy but they all have their money
that right and then when you look at
kidnapping or crime because of all media
companies now right that we can record
kidnapping is actually collapsing it
across the country because it's hard to
kidnap a kid in the ball at four
o'clock is between nine hundred pictures
right so however so this is important as
so what that does is it allows us in
America to share to put out more stuff
if you look at the behavior in other
places those countries in the Middle
East where people are very scared to
share something and even in China the
shareability has
different things so culturally there's
so many variables we work with a lot of
global brands we spend a lot of time
understanding the slang the nuances you
know pop culture the US on Sundays
football pop culture in the other
sundays cricket there's all these
variables I basically call it down to
like slide right it's just knowing the
nuances you have the North Star when
you're trying to kind of achieve but if
you are unable to translate and
culturally you lose so there is no
distribution not only doesn't have a
pulse rate it happens for platform the
same picture doesn't do as well on
facebook as it doesn't pinterest as does
an Instagram as it does on Twitter
there's very different context to the
person while they're looking a 27 year
old woman on pinterest looking at a
picture she's window shopping or the
intent or aspiration to buy what she's
going through stream on facebook she's
keeping up with her world you would the
message totally different if you want to
sell based on what platform she's on
based on if she's on mobile versus if
she's on desktop so we're grossly
underestimated all these contacts points
we just think you know everyone says
content is king that's ludicrous content
through the proper context filter is
king and that context filter is takes a
lot of data and understanding like how
many for example I know that picture on
Instagram with a primary color of red in
the bottom left corner has a better
chance of succeeding than not right but
that takes a lot of testing and being in
at that the reason I know that is
because we manage 150 accounts and we
have scale of metrics and all we ever do
knowing that Facebook has all the data
is we're trying to figure out the
creative data right how many how many
words in a post how many hashtags on
Instagram all these different variables
and it becomes
pretty endless when you go to
geo-targeting I mean America segmented
if you use the word pop you know when
you close in South Carolina it will do
better that if you use the same work
soda in New York it will do matter and
so you're going to the heavy so nautical
slang marketing it's very intense when
you go China America America France
because the cultures are fundamentally
different things messaging resonates
very differently you know us is very
conservative when it comes to sex I can
tell me French posts that are risking
crushed right and so it's a lot of these
stereotypes that we've all heard they
work but yeah blanket just taking
something and posting it even if you
completely translator word-for-word
never works because you took out the
contact all you do is translate the
content
