Ekaterina wants to know what role does
internal culture play in the company's
success can you give one concrete tip on
building that culture you can Tarina how
are you doing it's always great to hear
from you I'm glad you're on the show
company culture is actually you know
it's funny it's funny this questions
coming up today I actually on the way to
work today said you know what the book
that I'm gonna write that's really gonna
like but you know I always think is
crush it Thank You economy's gonna sneak
up on people I know as I sit here today
the book that I write on culture and how
to build an organization through humans
not CFO cash tactics is gonna be my book
legacy so whenever I get to that so it's
everything to me as an operator I'm all
EQ over IQ the one concrete tactic I
have is way too many people make
decisions on who they fire or hire based
on money oh we have the budget to hire
another designer or camera person or
like it's a financial decision all my
decisions on hiring and firing are
emotional
what is it gonna do to the collective
community you know if I fire this person
who's so popular internally because they
have great people skills will that hurt
everybody else and can I can I
push that person into another direction
to help them get another job over 90
days instead of firing them abruptly in
one day that costs me a lot more money
but does a hell of a lot for me in the
culture and so that is my one concrete
kind of curveball I haven't heard a lot
of people talk about that kind of stuff
example
