yeah the question was if you're a
developer how do you find business
people to help you that's funny to me
because I think businesspeople suck shit
and are always swarming after developers
like you know like I think it's a lot
easier to find that I think I don't know
I feels like there's so many of those
kind of characters running around I
think the better question is once you
put yourself out there and get that how
do you filter and get rid of 90% of
their that are Street full of shit yeah
that's a good point I thought I were you
I just go out and build it and launch it
and then then try and at that point if
you start getting gaining traction
you'll have you'll be swarmed by
business people that want to work with
you I mean I also think the whole like
I'm just shocked you know I'm big on the
small town rules little Jetsons
Flintstones thing like honestly I would
ask the to 230 people that you're the
closest with and just start that process
I'm surprised how in this world where
we're all friends and acquaintances
I still think for something as important
when you go into business with somebody
you're marrying them it's a lot bigger
deal than I think people think
especially when you have success and so
I would really spend a lot of time
vetting who you want to go into you know
war with you know and so like for me
those questions go to my friends who I
really really trust not a tweet like who
wants a team up
