Steve XP see what other things that
really struck me is that you said this
riveting look to add so much value it
like I'm at business school student
that's going to one of those oh we add
value but I saw it sort of themes and
everything that you talked about which
was like communicate communicate it was
like communicator your wife do with your
employees communicator people want to go
to Napa and then the other part of that
was like really get in the trenches with
those it was like wow vs. if you're on a
message board and respond town today
it's not glamorous to sit there with
your wife's calendar and try to match
those up so sort of adding another
response like so that kind of
communicate and really pretty it's being
a practitioner right like nobody talks
about that part like everybody just
things you're going to build it good
ships gonna have like an apple store app
something Goods gonna mashable's didn't
mention that doesn't work and so if
you're playing with marathon you need to
be prepared for a marathon and that puts
in the work you know and everybody's
training for a sprint in our space key
amount of people have literally reverse
engineer we're going to do this in flip
it and that is the perfect blueprint to
be out of business pretty quickly
especially you guys are the most
vulnerable is your time now where you're
about to start now we've had a nice
little bubble room here right you should
see what happens in three years or four
years legit it's the fan right and then
nobody for anybody and that one right so
we're looking at a complete false
reality and start a plan for the last
five years and that's dangerous for a
lot of people that want to be successful
you have you the kid in business school
good kid with a good hustle there is
your version he's running around the
world right now let him tell you this
what he was doing in 1998-99 2000 out of
business school how he had 84 trillion
dollars on paper and Valium and then
April came and it was all gone and then
he worked at IBM or Fox right I know 7
billion people like that and right now
which is complete lack of awareness from
us that that is our narrative then we're
going to do this we're not going to
happen the economic thing will happen
like it always does going to live job or
you do the non glamorous stuff you
actually build a business
instead of a toy right and you have
enough money to sustain that and then
actually really killing because you went
through the back part got a land grab
you know the companies like Amazon at
ebay that like one in 2000-2001 and to
write that what sounds more interesting
to me
