you're watching the askgaryvee show can
somebody play some music with all due
respect to my fans I don't want it yes
that's not a good thing to do this is
quite simple I'm given to be sent to
your mother don't be a looker are you
willing to make the commitment to
allocate dollars into humans this is
like a humble brag question it just
comes down to what are you good at this
is a big unknown thing to a lot of
people I am so flabbergasted
the answer is gosh I don't know I
mean you can crush it doing video
blogging thank you I'm getting very you
to be pink
Gary honey I like it anyway you with a
little bit wait I was about to close but
the question of the day say little rusty
from all that kind of like they came
that was me looking at my tan if you
were wondering what the hell that was
question of the day what is your
favorite episode of the askgaryvee show
you with a little bit of me we're
changing the QA world whether they like
it or not
