gary vaynerchuk a big big big deal in
the wine business and also in social
media check this out several years ago
is very creative he took to the Internet
to promote his family's wine business
one library calm in a pretty unique and
compelling way these videos as they say
went viral and kind of had a real
devoted following it and also turned his
family's business since from four
million to like 50 million dollars and
so Gary here is not just a wine expert
anymore he is a social media expert is
the latest book by the way got a lot of
attention there it is Jab Jab Jab right
hook no it's not about boxing it's a
about getting your name out there and
selling snow my dancing social media to
your advantage correct guys alright Gary
Vaynerchuk is here we're talking what do
you think wine yes and social media / do
it which Gus comes first though let's
talk about the wine um hard it's finally
here we go so actually before you snag I
see you guys went quickly let's comment
down for a second let's grab the second
one it's a rose a here you go second one
go if you want to pass and right there
to the end appreciate it brother this is
sin so so everybody watching right now
you talk about Chardonnay Pinot Grigio
but since so the base of this now let's
give this a snippy snip and that's a key
guys you gotta smell okay now you're
getting a little raspberry you're
getting a little rose petal on the news
what else are you guys picking up oh it
smells fresh it smells like rose a I
mean Gary why we have to smell I mean I
figure you know we know this is good one
you picked it the restaurant usually
does a good job this is science my
friend you smell it it opens up the
taste buds it allows you to actually
taste it but what I'm really here to
talk to you about is a mix of wine and
kind of technology and social media
there's an app I'm excited about I want
you to grab me a bottle over there
anyone you want I'll show you something
sir how about the uh yeah mundo whatever
let's do it the sparkly Rosa that's that
hot wine comes now watch this I don't
know if you guys are gonna get this on
the screen I've got delectable open okay
okay don't let them know that if they
gonna do up there
I'm not showing any that's right so now
watch this you take the camera right you
point it you want hold up one I love
that you point it watch this one click I
was blurry let's see what happens watch
this check learn more about this wine
this app delectable which I invested in
so you know I'm fully behind it okay
recognizes wines within two seconds so I
don't see more information look at this
look at us it's got a rating the whole
this so this is what I've been trying to
solve since 2006 which is let's call it
what it is when somebody gets a little
bit into wine they become a straight
jerk off yeah really get dangerous right
what is right right take it ease into
the words well I get it I get I that was
actually me filtering okay so you'd okay
and so I've been trying to find a way to
help people become to both wine
technology is gonna solve this we showed
them the ipad but it's on the phone in
two seconds you get to see what the wine
is that's gonna make people more
comfortable i love it you can make
yourself knowledge of all before you get
drunk haha yes but you're still have it
on your apt and so afterwards you can
remind yourself what you drink a magical
interesting imagine going to the store I
guarantee ninety percent of the people
watching right now pic by the label
we're by a reading now our price the
price on this right now give it three or
four minutes you take six or seven
photos 10 photos you get feedback the
best users the best sommelier zwei
makers are using this app and I think
it's a big change in the wine most
electable now is gonna be is it cool
right now to take out your phone and
take a picture of a bottle I guess it is
going to be pretty cool pretty soon it's
cool to take out your phone and take a
picture of anything yeah i mean let's
call what it is hey you know what had
food and wine pictures everybody's did
you see the spread by the way well this
is gorgeous where'd you get this wrong I
mean these guys know I wish I did these
guys are cannibal I mean this is
incredible stuff i'm just-just starved
so what we need a little something to
kind of like eat my word yeah me look
Perry White let's talk about that for a
second these are the perfect pairings
across the board on these four wines
we've got a reasoning which is number
three let's let why don't you try this
Mustang this is racist wondering
can be but done half one of the best
places in the world we don't allow
chairs let's give it a little world what
are you doing you need somebody okay um
i'm perfect i'm letting my palate taste
everything and notice rosanna not sweet
that is prejudiced you're a prejudiced
wine drinker my friend you thought a
Riesling was gonna be sweet but it's
boat bone dry don't make it sound like I
just give in to the hate crime I heard
that it was a sweet wine I mean look and
the fact is eighty percent of Rieslings
are dry again tons of misconceptions in
the wine world we're here to break him
so on your f these these ones that you
brought us got good ratings like this
one got an eight-point-two out of 10
yeah i mean look that one did the the
fourth one might have not I mean to me
that's the part right I loved becoming
America's wine guy and people followed
me I'd much rather this be democracy and
people actually drink what they like
nobody asks what the rating of ribs or a
hamburger is you just know if you like
them and that's how wine should be but
we've been so scared by it it is a
little intimidating no Rosie can we get
back to the road day yep is there a
favorite Rosie that you like the summer
because I feel like we have a short
window to drink for SA well first you
don't let me go I mean look it's a
summer thing because it's fun to play
but the truth is if you like salads if
you like shellfish Rosie's great
year-round that being said that being
said the roses have changed so much in
the last five years cuz everybody used
to think of white zinfandel and thought
it was sweet these dry roses are great
go ahead my friend no see wonderful
tonight dry Rosie's um I'm all over but
more time five o'clock o'clock so i have
a clock one more time i want to see your
book cover jib jib jab right hand out of
here um what is the right hook part
about selling I mean everyone you know I
mean everybody's on this Twitter and
Facebook and Instagram and snapchat kik
and the truth is that's great but if
you're unable to throw the right hook
look I just SAT there before I went on
the air and I went to cyber dust I went
to insta
ram i went to facebook I went to Twitter
and I said look I'm gonna be on that was
able to that was my right hook I wanted
people to stop doing what they were
doing and tune in and watch us you and I
are wearing green on this you know
mainly for the New York Jets I'd like to
everybody understand that the Jets am I
thinking this thursday that that by my
son is my its fan might not we need to
talk to him okay right hooks matter my
friend if you can't bring it into a
conversion tune in to the show by the
book you're finished and seal the deal
so melody alright so I know you're
involved with the delectable yes what
about rezzy because I heard about this
new app yes rathi so rezzy resy i
co-founded with ben Leventhal Mike
Montero here in New York it is an app to
help people get into restaurants that
they could normally not get into why
can't they get into really why not well
because when you go to open table it's
available at five thirty and 1030 but if
you want to get into gotham bar grill
imitative tavern or or or you know
Rosemary's or charlie byrd and you want
to get in within 10 or 15 minutes this
app allows you to do that do you have to
pay to be a part of it yes how much the
app is free yeah but if you want to get
a table the tables range between ten and
twenty five dollars a head so you're
paying for the access but the truth is
everyone's completely unaware of what's
really happening here in New York which
is it's all be IP you really can't get
in and for a couple bucks you're getting
the best tables at the best time I like
the app if it fails though a twenty
dollar in your hand hello Rosanna and
still x that's and you know what we want
that to be part of the game but let me
tell you something when you get out of a
meeting and at six thirty on a Thursday
and you open the app and you're able to
get a 730 table at the top 10
restaurants in New York that becomes
interesting all right if people are
watching right now at home and they have
a startup business how best to use
social media to your advantage I mean
you took your family's videos they were
doing well yep but now they're doing
extraordinarily well yep what is the
cave the keys providing value jab jab
jab is give give give and then ask every
single person is just promoting on
Twitter everything is watch my show look
I said watch the show but all weekend
all last week all for the last 30 days
I'm answering people's business
questions I'm giving them wine tips I'm
taking pictures and selfies for them I'm
doing whatever you have to
before you need to leverage give then
you're basically guilting people into
converting so that's every tweet can't
be you know two men this morning we're
on you guys have to look you guys are
icons in the city just single well I
don't know well you're an icon in the
side now I'm sorry okay so and so it
just saying hello to somebody saying
they're watching right now when this is
over for you to go searching your name
and somebody said great show today and
you see Thank You Zack see a way to do
it and nobody's doing it guys nobody
who's on television was a celebrity or a
politician is actually giving a call on
a second you gotta read Rosetta's
twitter feed I should addicted to it I
didn't respond I oh yeah I I don't
respond and I also because I learned
that I know you did I watched you have
amp your game and guess what it's
endless they really care they watch you
every morning you're a part of their
family and you jumping and saying sorry
or can I help you or thank you these are
real human emotions she has to say sorry
a lot that's nothing Gary Vaynerchuk
everybody good stuff cheers pal okay
congratulations on everything
