I don't give a shit that's how you
didn't do it this is the way we do it
now you don't know every fucking thing
just yet and let's combine in some sort
of Ultron like everybody cares about
top-line numbers impressions followers
people care about dumb fucking data I
think we're living through a very
attractive time to be an entrepreneur
Marc put on a hoodie and a movie came
out and you know Instagram made a
billion dollars after five hundred days
and everybody decided they were an
entrepreneur for every Instagram there's
five million in stash it
we're grossly grossly grossly grossly
grossly under estimating what's
happening I mean listen we're all gonna
become fucking robots Google glass
that's preview shit we're gonna fucking
I'm gonna put your shit all on Me we're
gonna be fucking robots and I mean that
