that's right well because the spanners
table this is not an all-or-nothing game
right but if you were asking me can I
reach I can tell you right now it's
about with and that right I can reach
and then all the hours that I've been
here to get here and all that I could
have reached a hell of a lot more people
than on reaching right now but the human
spirit is real right like there's a
looks trap and I about a relationship
six seven years most of it digital right
I'm I've had let me just how many people
here have known about me for more than
three years but have never seen me in
person before raise your hand so here's
what I think a lot about I did all those
things technology wise as a gateway drug
to this moment right and now I get to
make it even deeper than it was before
and so because they both work got it
that's how I think about it
