I have a website selling luxury sex toys
and design a bedroom accessory yep like
okay calm if anyone wants anything um
it's a really nice privacy is bad really
niche mark and I was interested in what
you're saying earlier about going round
the sort of I have be pretty big
competitors you can throw a lot of money
at stuff and you have discount and I'm
trying to operate in a more luxury
without being you know yes too niche
what advice would you give someone on
tent content is the game you have to
like that wait yeah
yes like listen this is what she sells
she's got no problem what's your problem
I'm shy I'm saving myself yeah I get it
right wait what I just go to that to put
something in I don't worry I think that
you need to really you know to me it's
about content so you think of something
iconic like playboy right it wasn't just
the pictures there was other things that
fed to the demo I would do really if we
were working together I'd actually look
at who's actually buying the product
because I set up a female focus website
and still 60% of the people who buy from
me and men yep and it's how to really
harness harness that market for me we
could rather than fighting to harness
another market that won't come to me
citizen I think I think that there's a
lot of tasteful ways for you to be very
successful in using things I mean I
would tell you that Pinterest
infographics for you for the female 40%
is a complete no-brainer I would tell
you that you've got to do a lot more
blogging than copy it listen to give an
answer that will benefit everybody every
single person in this room and every one
of your businesses slash organizations
your teacher whatever you do every one
of them you and the business
you are in the media business you're not
in the sex toy business you're in the
media business comma sex toy business
got it
media business comma DJ shy sex toy guy
right
so so the second everybody in this room
the Michelin tire company the Michelin
tire company one hundred years ago had a
business problem people weren't driving
enough yet to wear out their tires and
thus they didn't buy tires do you know
what they did they started the Michelin
review the reason there's three star
Michelin as my friends is because a tire
company needed people to drive and so
they went out to the countryside and
started reviewing the best restaurants
and all these things and made it up
because they probably wanted to say the
best foie gras was the furthest place
out then they took the books put it in
London in Paris and got people to draw
somebody would pick up a book at the
fancy you know place and be like oh the
best foie gras is in Burgundy honey
we're going to Burgundy this weekend and
started drug they literally fix their
business problem of using tires by
getting people to go far away by using
media one of the things you could be
talking about you should be talking
about cigars and golf and what you call
football and I call soccer you can be
blogging about this and you should be
looking at things like BuzzFeed who make
content that's viral right you should
have a blog post putting like the seven
best balls you know right and so there's
a lot of plays that you can have but you
need to become a media company the only
way you're gonna be able to beat
competitors that can throw money against
search which I'm sure is a huge driver
for your industry the only way you're
gonna be able to compete with that is to
become the authority of content it's why
I started Wine Library TV right I became
the Wine Spectator Jancis Robinson
Robert Parker right no need to do that
but you don't have to just do it as
direct as I did with wannabe TV we're
pitching a client right now that sells
crackers to become the leading reviewer
of cheese right and and so like you can
play with things that are within the
world of the thing that you actually
sell yeah for sure but you have to do it
right like like it's like exercise right
like this book and what I just told you
is right right but so is the way to get
a six-pack in your stomach right there's
a right way to get a six-pack for your
stomach there's exercises
right and there's a diet I know what
they are
I'm not doing it so so I I can tell you
what to do I can write for $30 you can
find out what to do but the problem is
back to that other question where I got
kind of like in my zone its execution
you know what the answers are maybe you
don't there's plenty of people that look
like myself that can give you a lot of
good ones but you have to pick them and
actually do that period London we got
another question back in
