I'm stunned by how many people look at
Twitter and just try to be funny and
don't realize that all the
characteristics that we like in people
are attractive on social networks you
know vulnerability is an attractive
trait empathy self-awareness kindness
there's a lot of ways to roll everybody
thinks that's snarky and witty Orly I'm
please trying to be more witty than the
next person on Twitter exhausting I'm
like this is ludicrous
you know the truth is you can get a lot
of value by being human you know
conversations the humanity of everything
is here because we're so close we're
just a screen away and the tone is
getting we're getting more and more used
to the tone you see people being less
confused by the tone on tweets and
emails I kind of look at some of that
data that's been interesting to me we're
actually forming into understanding the
tonality which is wild we're living
through interesting times yeah I think
