so again what I'm trying to get at here
through this gentleman's wisdom is that
the creative class that culturally aware
creative class is at a massive advantage
for cutting through the noise because
you got other people out there saying
buy my coffee mug on the flip side
because I've so many creative
over-indexing creative friends a lot of
them are too romantic to have marketing
skills or weren't born with that you
know there's very few people that are
blessed to have both and can do it and
you know I tell a lot of my creative
friends I'm like you need to find a
business partner give somebody 10
there's so many people out there
marketing yeah go find one of those
people and let them market your great
stuff yeah and give up 10 to 50 percent
if it takes that much because at the end
of the day if you're trying to make it a
living it's a business and if you don't
know how to run a business or if you
don't know what to do oftentimes it
doesn't work out well
