if I'm if I'm marketing a film I'm
spending nine as you're making the film
I'm storytelling I'm making animated
gifts every day on tumblr around your
film the stuff that you may even edit
out and I'm storytelling on these
platforms daily just giving out stuff
I'm doing a spreecast or a Ustream or a
Google hangout with the actors or
doctors or whoever you have in a film
months before the film comes out you
know how to sell a book sell it for nine
months before it comes out and then it
actually sells not okay my books out now
it's time to sell games over you don't
enough time so same thing with a film
for as long as you're fit the future of
film marketing is as you're filming it
your storytelling on these platforms and
then when the film comes out you've
actually built a community and you come
out and say buy the tickets
