it's not about time it's about the time
that you allocate and the value exchange
right on the way here after I landed I
had about 13 minutes and I tweeted out
to my audience tweet me your phone
number and I'll call you and so a bunch
of people did not worrying about privacy
right putting out their number and I
called eleven people by the time I got
to Chase for breakfast and then I was
you know when I got here as I was
getting ready for a shower because I
needed the shower I just quickly checked
all my tweets and one guy said some guy
tweeted and said you know you didn't
take care of you a lot of time but now I
am an advocate for the rest of my life
and I that phone call cost me I don't
know 39 seconds right so you can make a
lot of impact with a short period of
time you can do nothing for a with a
long period of time there's people that
live their whole lives without making
any impact right let me also call
something out
