value it's about value right it's you're
either entertaining people right you're
either creating a utility I mean why
didn't Instagram really work it wasn't a
social network it made us better at
taking photos which we care about and
that utility made it extremely popular
and then all the other layers came in so
you can either be a utility you could be
escapism because all of our lives are
busy and intense and we need a little
bit of escapism or you could be
entertainment and if you don't
understand that just look at the front
of your phone I promise you the things
that are on the front of your phone sit
in one of those three categories and the
front of your phone what is on your home
screen on your phone is the single
clearest gateway into the psychology of
what human beings care about in today's
society Wow oh yeah I could be smart too
I don't I I can be entertaining and
curse but I've got some thoughts
