hey UK it's gary vaynerchuk super
excited about being at Vayner world this
year really really hope you can come out
and join me a full day of like keynotes
q a book signings as a lot of you know a
lot of maniacs no I don't get out into
London as often as I'd like so I hope
you enjoy me this holiday season I'm
gonna bring my all and I really really
really hope you join me uh you know what
you can expect is just a ton of
engagement um yeah I mean you guys know
what I'm about if you're watching this
video you have a pretty good sense of
how I roll I'm basically gonna put on
the greatest event in London history and
I don't give a crap about Beatles and
Rolling Stones and flash or I'm talking
you know Beckham I'm something global
ever these single grand not the single
best business book event the single
greatest event getting a little
hyperbole but the reality is this I
think a lot of contemporary American
businessmen underestimate how incredible
the London market is I'm very flattered
to be there I'm very flattered to engage
and talk about agency world brand world
startup world small business world it's
all covered in Jab Jab Jab right hook
and since the you know modern day
Heavyweight Champion Lennox Lewis ends
up being the modern heavyweight champion
and so it feels appropriate to put a
huge event in the UK in London hope you
schlep out listen this is a European
thing if you're watching this like you
know with all the train infrastructure
you guys have I wish we had that here
she could train to Chicago make you know
get there quickly train infrastructure
of Europe I hope you I hope you slept
out and join me take a pic ask me a
question pick up the book but more
importantly just engaging and hug it out
and so I hope I see you there
