cultural shifts really good as human
beings in drawing lines in the sand how
many people here by show of hands have
reconnected with somebody that they had
not talked to in five years because of
Facebook raise them don't get lazy
please stand don't lie if you said the
following to yourself ever in your life
please raise your hand I'm not getting a
Facebook account why in the world would
i need a facebook account how about 10
years let's really think about this
lying is the devil please don't be lazy
on me you're leaving after this look at
that almost everybody you're not going
to want to stand for this one but I need
you to do this for me how many people in
this room don't lie stand up how
many people said this doozy I will never
get a facebook account please raise your
hand right now stand if you do not have
a Facebook account don't you holy I
found them sorry give me one second one
oh I see it I see you nice work I have
no idea why the you seven people
are here I'm not getting a cell
phone how many of you said I will never
get a cell phone why would I want
anybody to contact me anytime they want
please raise your hand the phone in this
audience raise your hand holy come
on play with you hear you tell the truth
wait holiday nib 12 do you want a mobile
phone are your parents here what if I
bought you a mobile phone good thing I
don't work it out fight it guys seventy
percent of this room don't be lazy if
you said that to yourself raise them
higher has reconnected with another
human being I'm going to wait a second
because I know there's a couple of you
bullshitting don't sit down yet that
they had not talked to in over 20 years
because of the growth of social media
please stand up bill I how many people
in this room love Pinot Grigio raise
your hand don't be scared please do me a
favor suave SOA ve after price don't buy
the bowl of suave and a big bottle don't
be cheap like the eight to twelve
dollars suave from Italy 2010 vintage
really strong you will stop drinking the
PG horseshit okay we as human beings
love to draw lines in the sand we hear
new and we say we're not going to
do that and sorry about the person
