yes what are some of the other business
models people are missing do you think
like you know wines you technically easy
here's a product sell the product tell
them why they need to buy the product
you know media is reasonably easy I have
an audience you want my audience you
give me money to get to my audience what
are some of the other business models
that people need to know about that
there may be miss it um I think that
let's take a step back so I think it's a
great question I think it's the question
listen I remember I look back I got
sucked into being a little bit more
romantic to back in oh seven eight nine
I was like what are all these people
doing they need a business and then I
got caught up in the fever myself but
like maybe forgetting about it or not
worrying about it as much or maybe I was
just so damn busy but you know it you
know when I hear you say that all that's
happened has made a hell of a lot of
sense to me
you know you know to me if you don't
know how to if you have something to
sell now a lot you could sell yourself
you know and the few elite have been
able to do that and whether they sell
books or public speaking those are all
ways to monetize but you know it's kind
of like interesting like when I hit you
up the other day on Twitter and said the
magazine thing you're doing is
interesting I was been thinking about
that quite a bit I've been thinking
about the hacker news reddit just for
marketing like there's things to do
right um
I think a lot of people don't know how
to sell a product so here's a couple
things I think one I'm always worried
that a lot of people default into
selling information products and they
over price it right
they were like a thousand dollars for
their ebook when you and I are putting
that information out for free so I don't
want that a physical product is always
interesting right so listen there's a
lot of people who could have sustained
it here's one it's not where I went but
I either could pay rent or elude a day
job by selling t-shirts of my favorite
quotes that I've said right if you're
big enough you know so there's products
that you can turn out of the things
you've done the other thing you can do
is for me I applied it to the business
meaning I created vaynermedia but I
didn't make it about me I actually built
an actual business an agency there out
there so you can build an agency you can
you know and the other thing that I
think you can do is and I've been
waiting to do this cress and actually I
see this being a win for you and your
career as an outsider watching
I'm very into teaming up with a product
so I'm waiting for somebody to come
along and say on sting this and say this
is a new catch up and it's delicious can
I give you fitna you know and I just
think this is it and I jump in and I own
50% of it and I use all my marketing
ways to build you know if there's a soda
company up in Boston that teams up with
you you get 10% of it so like Timmy's
that with vitamin water William Shatner
with Priceline all these you know
legendary moves like that you're totally
right but those guys unlike us in my
opinion you get endorsement deals and
I'll take those if somebody wants it if
somebody wants to come and give me a
point to do an energy drink for the
entrepreneur nation on the crush a guy I
could I could consider that but I'm
actually talking about you taking a year
and becoming in essence the CMO the
marketing partner you know to me I can
apply like we all spew all these ideas
like my long-term plan is to execute it
to building brands and so you can apply
it to that I mean listen let me give you
another example there's a lot of people
in space that I respect that I've gotten
day jobs and I say my god if they would
have just went to a day camp let's say a
camp a summer camp and said you know if
they were actually business people
that's the conversation here and said
give me 15% of this day camp if i market
this stuff on Facebook Twitter Tumblr if
I do content marketing if I do Outbrain
upworthy if I do all these things this
business will be worth more that's
something that's on the table for a lot
of people if they want the risk right
right it's a it's being a businessperson
and that's a truth I was thinking
