I want to know how you got the first
like the first episode while every chain
yeah uh i think it was 27 um I was
 pumped I was like twice and
people watch this holy awesome I
mean listen I'm telling you there is a
complete ridiculous awful thought
process in our startup environment right
now like when you 19 followers on
Twitter 19 people 98 human beings want
to hear your dumbest random
thoughts you know how thankful you
should be and so I'm in it like it's
funny I could bought about this that
here asked this question I was pumped
because first of all one thing you know
like do you know why I want to buy the
new york jets it's a long journey right
i know the journey I don't like I
don't want to buy stuff I'm gonna car oh
my friends I don't want to test them
 test you know what you know like I
don't want those things I I like the
journey to 27 meant tomorrow I better
get 49 right like I'm the kind of guy
who look hates going backwards you know
what I fear going the other way like I
don't like winning a lot I don't like
where I'm at right now and selfie right
I like wouldn't like I loved coming into
the agency world because nobody knew who
the hell it was right there like oh
that's like you know like I love I'm
like good good sleep sleep mommy
you know like I like that that's room I
am I don't like this like oh you're good
and like you're great like I hate that
you know like Jaime let me start over I
love it
I love it I love the admiration that
lovely engagement I love that it gives
me an opportunity to engage with people
to see people that I really I love it I
do love that a boy do I really love the
climb I love the climb and so none
nobody about me nothing for you to
have forget about that let's talk about
real a year and a half and not a
lot was going on it was slow it wouldn't
listen things were tougher to get viral
at some level so he was it in place
Facebook was kids in school eating you
only Twitter wasn't here yet right like
you know yes I could get like a blog
mention I'm you know but I wasn't good
enough like anything I didn't get my fat
right that first time when I went
outside and takes the coin in the snow
and like I was like if this doesn't get
me on dick I'm gonna kill somebody and
it did thank God but you know it was
like things like that I'm just being
strategic right like you know obviously
Kevin Rose and alex albrecht we're doing
a bunch of stuff for all the techies in
here on diggnation it was trying to
figure out how to like get into that
circle of video bloggers and so on until
the time and by the way it was happening
while my business was starting to go
sale for the first time ever because the
high wasn't paying attention com anymore
in a store I was trying to build my
brand so it wasn't happening when I was
22 and had nothing really worried about
other than maybe you're sharing
apartment and with your friends that he
may be can't go out as many nights again
mine was optional lose money and still
like it took like a stomach to like be
like this is right yep
