it's a good story my brother AJ and my
mom went out to dinner the other night
and they called ahead to the Mexican
restaurant they said we're gonna be
there 8:30 great boom boom they get
there
and AJ walks up and they say it's gonna
be another 40 minutes and they were on a
tight schedule so AJ takes out his phone
and starts I think he was gonna text me
because I think we had a meeting on the
back end but the hostess freaked out ran
to the back got the owner and AJ and mom
were sitting down in two minutes
now I'm telling you this because I want
you to use this move because it's
tremendous but what I think is
fascinating is the cultural shift the
fact that she was scared he was gonna
negative review on Yelp or tweet out is
very fascinating and is very telling and
more imporantly I'm not joking use that
move it's fucking butter smooth
