um my question is I know you talked so
much about you know never just always
pushing and doing as much as you can
what about none of your dad how do you
turn off easily my family is everything
to me right by the way the only reason I
always talk about pushing and like you
know this whole more like balance thing
is I know everybody you know you're
listening to me for two minutes and 37
seconds on YouTube the rest of the time
you're pushing very often in the other
direction we're all worried about life
work-life balance it's by the way it's
the only thing I care about this was
tough for me today this was this moment
has been very tough I'm sitting through
a tough moment right now now now that
this is the fourth child between my
sister and I I know that you don't have
to be there right that second to still
have it but if this was our first like I
wouldn't be here I would have cancelled
like I've learned a little bit like you
know like you're always bad you're
always making decisions do I let me work
down on all the people that wanted to be
here tonight is that the right value of
exchange for being there an hour or two
earlier like you're going through these
every day like I'm struggling with it
every day but I'm also not spoken with
it which is meaning we're all doing the
best we can write and nobody can tell
you that like for everybody's like oh I
spend more time with my family like you
ever that I spent more time than you so
who won did he win like like we're all
different we all listen my wife Lizzie
is amazingly independent she's just
amazingly independent woman who like
this very similar to me it's like in her
stuff and like loves her stomach she
doesn't need me here every second
probably doesn't want me there every
second you know and so right and feel
like what it's amount but I will tell
you this there is one age there's one
real answer communication heavy over the
top all in communication I check in with
her we talk about stuff I check in with
the rest of my family members and
friends you just have to talk a lot and
like because you're feeling things they
feeling I you know for a spouse you know
heavy communication for your children
when they're younger its heart can't
have
talk necessarily but I'm super aware of
the lack of time I spent with my dad
growing up and I know until I was 14 I
know what it felt like to be the only
kid in my lead to not have his dad come
those little league games I know what it
feels like so and it was flying by the
way you know like that just reliable so
I was cool with that I was like dad's
trying to make it like even at that age
right and mom was enough and like it was
fine i was scared of like that anyway
and so you know I just think it's
communication when it's a very touchy
subject I talk a lot about hustle all in
I always get worried that people you
know luckily I think people have a sex
of what I said on family but like you
know me and it involved I'm taking every
day except for six often August this
year to go up to a house in Connecticut
spend time with my family that's more
days off that I took for 11 years in a
row combined right or so you bought a
different exactly what I don't want to
tell you these laughing is probably
going to be emailing every one of you
individually and that month asking you
to buy my book you know so like I'm
going to hustle as well but I'll be
hustling with them around it so you
gotta you gotta ball there's a
revolution to this
