I like analogies you know me right so
that's why I made that video was fun I
was thinking about this I was coming out
of a meeting where I was proud of myself
which happens often with the way I feel
about myself but something happened
where I really worked out for Boehner
and I was just happy again because
everything on paper said that we should
worried about XY and Z and I didn't and
it really were just we're going to get
again people are spending too much time
worrying about things that don't matter
1% of the things that are happening in
your business Matt 1:1 and like like now
I don't know how to like teach I'm not
good at teaching you what that 1% world
if I join your business like tell you
two minutes right six weeks then I have
it it's why Boehner works because I
think I'm good for the businesses we
work and forget the social I think I got
other businesses better so that's what
that meant what I've learned after
having a second child is we're not
micromanaging every little thing that we
did with the first shopping Sanders look
at me Sanders like on the street when I
cool you could accident you know like
Misha couldn't like go one step we like
I mean you know we look to see when we
look at her face burn power right there
perfect so I mean I would add Alicia's
move seven hundred times in the first
couple years like just making sure she
was breathing right like you just get
scared it's just like context luck with
business I was mature already with Wine
Library back to the base bookmark stuff
I knew and I'm just trying to help you
out with entrepreneurs so just like take
a step back I realize okay like I've
always told my team like okay and good
they'll hire us we're still rolling
we have plenty of your business I care
more about your feelings don't get too
pressured like so I just just trying to
figure out you know I'm always taking
stabs I've tried to tell a story in a
certain way that might hit home that one
was actually directed towards it a
little bit of an older crowd because
they have has two children and they know
exactly what I'm talking about because
the first child you know it was perfect
the second
like eating dirt outside with your
inside right and so that's you know
obviously when you're going through it
your first time you'll have that context
of what that is but you're gaining
context by the way when you're into your
business you can look back and all the
things you've worried about that weren't
that serious try to apply the past into
future decisions
