because there's one thing I know more
than anything more than the fact that I
know that the Sun will come up tomorrow
the thing that I know is that marketers
ruin everything
it's true right how many people here by
show of hands that know half-ass hands
again how many people here signed up for
Groupon LivingSocial daily candy one of
those sites raise your hand
great remember three four years ago how
you couldn't wait to get $40 worth of
sushi for 20 bucks that it was the
greatest thing that ever happened to you
well you don't open those emails anymore
right
you don't care if Groupon offers you a
million dollar home for a hundred bucks
you're like delete spam unsubscribe
because they sent you so much stuff that
you didn't want at scale right and so I
mean Google AdWords such an effective
scalable way to market and and they're
down 15% this year
I mean Google's reporting themselves
that clicks on AdWords are down 15%
habits are changing
