here's what's happening life is very
simple when you think about business
it's supply and demand and attention and
storytelling simple the reason I've been
successful is because I'm stupid I need
go to a lot of classes in a lot of
schools and learn do all the things that
fuck us up
I kept the basic it's very simple if you
have something people want they'll buy
it and then you push the price you
should assume in it how did I launch
vaynermedia when clients started coming
to me like how much I'm like $5,000 a
month they're like okay and then that's
what I'm like ten thousand dollars a
month and then they're like okay then
that's a very good and then the next one
is like $15,000 a month and they were
like okay good looks like yeah and then
this is now oh nine I was like $20,000 a
month and they were like fuck you as a
