we need to understand that we are living
through the biggest cultural shift of
our time you're gonna walk into your
refrigerator in a couple of years and
you're gonna open it and your
refrigerator is gonna be a smart
refrigerator just like your phone's a
smart phone now you know how this is
different than the brick that we used to
walk around with eight years ago
remember that this is different than
this right you're gonna walk into your
fridge and your fridge is gonna
understand that you're a pepsi drinker
and when you pull out your last Pepsi
cuz it's scanning it it's gonna order it
for you directly and it's gonna be
delivered to your home smart
refrigerators do you know that's bad for
Walmart Costco Target
I think we're massively under estimating
how big this culture shift is
