hey everybody this is Gary Vaynerchuk
with your social media State of the
Union update I don't I just made that up
but I'm gonna be the universe of my vana
folks I just want to make a statement
quick little video just trying to help
marketers out there it is a definitive
statement so get ready if you were
targeting the 13 to 20 year olds I just
want to clarify it for you right now the
only thing they give a crap about right
now from storytelling platforms the way
I look at them is Instagram and snapchat
vine as well a little bit those two
rates Instagram snapchat and vine this
is not a Facebook Twitter conversation
for that demo so you're just learning
about Facebook and Twitter and it's
already passing you by understand what's
going on there if you're trying to reach
them
