you can't please everybody this is a
statement I hear all the time I've been
told it virtually every day and so my
real question is why not and here's my
theory about this guy's I think because
this statement has been so adopted and
accepted that I find that people don't
even cry anymore and I think that's
where the big problem is I actually
think that this is probably the
fundamental core of why at some level
I've been successful in everything that
I've done business wise and life wise of
course not everything but you know what
I mean right like globally I'm
successful because I really really try
to please everybody I'm uncomfortable
with being disliked and obviously having
a big personality and and being an East
Coast guy and having that flavor and
that intensity and that passion is a
little too much for some people um more
importantly I just AM confused on why
people don't try now I understand being
thin-skinned you know that's just a DNA
thing right or not liking it or maybe
you're so big you can't fundamentally go
after everything but for me
ego surfing you know following your name
everywhere whether it's Twitter Facebook
and especially Google Alerts especially
in the blog Google Alerts is essential
not because you want to read the press
that you're awesome and amazingly
good-looking and all that no no not that
you want to do this my friends because
when you see something negative I highly
recommend that you go and read it with
an open mind understanding who you are
don't lie to yourself and then
respectfully get in contact with that
person this has been something that I've
done very often not because I think it's
brilliant or it's good marketing or all
that because it's it's it's the right
thing to do right I mean I love coming
back and accepting and respecting other
people's opinions even about myself does
it hurt it does you know does it stink
that not everybody really knows who you
are of course it does but we're all
putting ourselves out there don't get it
twisted we are all now personal brands
the second you create a profile on any
social network you are now in the game
yes you are
the game and so I think it is imperative
to UM really go out and try I mean why
not give another another effort to
another human being give an effort to
another human being and really try to
get them to let them get to know you
right to come through to you know let
them see who you are let them see your
heart let them see your soul I think the
effort is massively lacking in our
society right now and as technology
breeds all sorts of opportunities for
people to communicate about you I think
it's more important than effort to give
a huge effort so you can't please
everybody but why not try I am
