how do you read through the noise this
is something that so many people ask me
because a lot of people come to realize
that I am answering you know five
hundred to a thousand emails a day
sometimes and I get very backed up and
so one of the big questions a lot of
people ask me when I asked a Q&A thing
for garyvaynerchuk.com the other day is
Gary how do you read through the noise I
mean how do you go through all those
emails tweets Facebook bounce myspace
everything else how do you find the
stuff that's relevant important while
getting through the stuff that's not as
important and it's very simple my
friends I'm gonna break it down to you
real hard and raw everything is
important way too many people don't
realize how one person even though they
have two friends and they're in the
middle of Idaho are very important
people because word of mouth for any
business was always the most powerful
tool even back in the day with Wine
Library before internet before 1997 when
we launched Wine Library calm not bad
pretty early right before we launched
that word-of-mouth was the king of
building a business a restaurant hey hey
anything movie at times sure there's
media but word of mouth is powerful
Little Miss Sunshine was on some
word-of-mouth stuff word-of-mouth is now
on 2.0 3.0 steroids Barry Bonds Roger
Clemens whatever you want to call it
word of mouth now is insanity
everybody can email out pounced out
Twitter out Facebook wallet a person now
can reach so many more people times
every person word-of-mouth is on some
crazy shit now and so to me I'm not
gonna judge somebody's email to me about
chicken that night compared to somebody
who's telling me they want to write a
blog post about me or talk about me or
make a biz dev deal with me every single
person that is taking the time to email
you is important and that's why how do i
weed through the noise a little it up
how do i weed through the noise i don't
all the noise is positive to me every
piece of it is important and I highly
recommend you think about it
because I think you'll be shocked when
you least expect it the one that you
would have deleted not answered the
turns out to be a tipping point have a
great day
stay well
