we become a society that feels that
people need to be one-dimensional and
one trick pony's why are we not allowed
to be double or triple threats you know
over the last couple of weeks a lot of
people been talking about on tech stuff
that I've been doing you know like wow
you know jeez you know about different
stuff besides some wine and it gives it
gave that a lot of thought how people
are branded and pigeon-holed into being
able to do one thing like how about the
people that are such great actors is one
thing you can't see them as anything
else I mean does anybody really think
that Tony Soprano is gonna be able to do
anything else
see James Gandolfini you know the whole
thing is that we get pigeonholed in this
society and a lot of people like look
you know now that you're doing this
whole tech thing which I don't even know
what that means
you know not to do the wine thing was
delighting this and it gave me an
amazingly interesting couple of weeks
where I don't think people realize we're
both high dimensional people you know I
know about the Jets I know about wine
heck I know about cheese and tea and
other things and yes I know about
business and philosophy I built a lot of
businesses from the hundred dollar
investment for my baseball card business
that became thousands of thousand
dollars a weekend I mean I just am
surprised that so many people feel that
they need to stick into one place I
think every person is multi-dimensional
and has enormous things that they're
good at and many different interests and
I think the best way to communicate in
this new social era is to talk about all
of them don't hide it anything I don't
hide the Jets thing from my wine show
though it might not make sense as a view
print for a successful wine video blog I
think people will always embrace real
and authenticity and I think the more
things you talk about that you know
about things that you're actually
passionate passionate about I think the
more that people are gonna get to really
know who you are and I think that
transparency is the key and so please
don't fear being multi-dimensional
speaking of a multi-dimensional person I
wanna give a humongous birthday shout
out to Jason freed a lot of you people
know 37signals
my link it up oh wait a minute Mott's
not here this is Gary Vaynerchuk calm
down why I live it to be so I'm gonna
link up 37signals she's a freed as
somebody who I'm just getting to know
but as a gentleman that shows amazing
amazing skills in business and in tech
and many other areas so I want to give
away
shoutout another great example of a good
guy that wins you know okay it's coming
in last it's so ridiculous by the way
anybody made expand what you're talking
about
if it's something you know you're
talking about if it's something that you
know you're talking about yeah see you
later see I'm real don't even edit that
part out
