so I suck I'm serious
I suck at a lot of things not a good
reader I can't pronounce crap
um I'm not that educated uh you know I
bite my nails I do a lot of things wrong
you know I live in the moment too much
sometimes I forget about outside stuff
as a matter of fact I probably sit here
for the next six years and talk about
things I suck but I don't I focus on
what I'm good at and I talk about what
I'm good at which is mine for example
and you know so I think a lot more
people need to stop worrying about what
they suck at don't worry about what
they're good at I think a lot of people
come to me and say well I can't do video
like you oh my god Brian so right if
that's what you're good at people
embracing what they rock at and stop
worrying about what they suck at is the
key to victory
think about it
