everybody was up happy a Friday it's
nice out ladies good and I want to talk
about talk about sorry I'm getting
excited already something that I think
is really quite interesting I'm always
fascinated when there's a big story over
here but the real story happened here
and when we look back and say huh we
were all focused on this but this was
the real real issue at hand and I think
what happened just a couple days ago
ironically actually made a video about
this two days ago but I did directly to
Facebook and it didn't load so Facebook
your video thing is hurting my feelings
but what Facebook is going through right
now I think we all know tons of privacy
talk lots of things I think for me on
this issue I respected people's privacy
is very important I understand however
Facebook is going to adjust I mean do I
have to mention beacon the ability to
adjust and the far majority shocking far
majority that either don't know or don't
care I think it's not going to make this
the issue that so many people think it
is that could be wrong I mean sometimes
these things snowball out of control and
I get crazy but think Facebook has shown
several times the ability to iterate
change move and adjust in these kind of
situations what I think is far more
interesting and far more important is
the five-year deal that they just signed
with saying that you know people that
pay me farmville and other social games
the biggest social game player in their
ecosystem the deal the side of five
years
seunga's not going anywhere and more
importantly the entire deal circles
around in my opinion from afar around
Facebook Credits because Facebook
Credits are going to be used in their
games their platforms and will spread it
through everybody else that's kind of
the big dog even though I see the part
of the numbers are starting to slide
they do have an ecosystem and a platform
to build new games in rocket launch new
products Facebook Credits becoming
standard and more game and when you look
at the profit margin that Facebook's
looking at taking 30% so designer sells
200 million dollars virtual goods that
Facebook ends up at six
a million dollars of this this is going
to be a financial explosion or Facebook
Facebook Credits
goes longer and farther deeper into the
getting into brands doing things where
they you know incentivize people's
credits
I think this segment deal the ability
for them to make a deal because they
need each other in a big way but for
Facebook this is an outrageous victory
I think credits has been potential to be
completely insane and I think many of us
will look back at this video I'll look
back to me like when I was younger and
better-looking two years ago its but
also say man I was so right
because geez everybody was talking
privacy but this little announcement
that's a little to some areas but kind
of little in the scope of what's being
talked about about this five-year deal
they made locked in the partner they
needed in my opinion will probably need
a couple more that really establish this
platform that it's going to be a
monetizing and cash cow for them that
will allow them to go to a completely
next and scary scary level see yeah
