today's USA Today did a story on people
making stuff happen with their shows on
the Internet's I was very fortunate to
get a plug for my show very happy and
excited but also very disappointed it is
the middle of 2008 my friends and I've
been screaming on tour for about a year
now about personal brand the gold rush a
personal brand and it blows my mind that
more people aren't attacking the space
the barber the lawnmower person the
landscaper whatever you want to say you
know the baby said in a sushi chef where
the movie critics SportsCenter should be
totally spoofed and may draw on web 2.0
video right now but yet there are still
hardly any niche shows that are really
dominating it blows my mind it blows my
mind that people have not jumped on this
bandwagon just like the gold rush for
gold this is gonna end it's gonna end
and the xxx family that came to
California despite that gold definitely
didn't make as much and so what are you
waiting for talk about what you love
you're a little niche and if that's the
University of Kentucky basketball that
could be a huge show to you we'll find a
sponsorship you will they're going to
figure it out the marketers are going to
figure it out I promise it's a little
patience my friends but start building
your audience start putting out a show
talk about what you love and then fester
and nourish that community respond to
the emails be a part of the conversation
in your little niche and if that's Alf
season 2 or the Wonder Years or small
wonder or whatever it may be it could be
anything
why Pluto is no longer a planet I could
care less pick what you're passionate
about talk about it every day five days
a week seven days a week
poop it out as hard as you can and
realize we don't know the gold rush
don't miss out
