hey everybody its Gary Vaynerchuk I'm
actually here in India and really
excited about my trip doing some
interesting stuff and just woke up and
was looking at my email it's an amazing
to me how many people ask me what makes
a Wine Library t be successful or fly um
has it done well what is like the secret
what is the move what do I need to do
and let me talk to you about one thing
I'm gonna promise you one thing it's not
the glitz and the glamour it's not the
camera that I use guys it's not it's not
the blogging you know software and it's
not the widgets it's not it's not the
widgets it's not the SEO guys it's about
the 2 c's content and community it's as
simple as out pump out great as
hard as you can every day five days a
week at push at seven I mean I push it
hard at five but seven is great too and
community every person that emails you
every person that is commenting about
you you need to search out what people
are saying you need be part of the
conversation and you need to give to
them as much as possible give them what
they want not what you want to give
makes sense you know everybody's talking
about how should I edit what software do
you use what camera do you use I mean
all that glitz and glamour stuff it's
not working do so many crap podcasts out
there with billion-dollar cameras and
editing tools for days it's about giving
from your heart with content that you
really understand and more importantly
giving back to the community that
supports your show never ever ever take
any viewer for granted content and
community and you can have a successful
show too on the internets
