so Brian Buchanan just wrote me on
Twitter and said something where I said
I wish you could everybody could wake up
and be pumped for the day ahead and he
wrote not today and ultimately he said
if I could lose the day job and only
focus on blue dynamic each cheer me up
oh cool look how that just happened so I
guess what Brian is saying is that he
really wishes that he could quit his day
job and really focus on his career
building a brand or building a business
online like so many of you out there
that are watching this right now
and I guess what I want to say today is
that you can do both you know I had a
day job when I was building my library
TV it was running Wine Library and
though they were much more connected
than let's say working as an accountant
and doing your video blog on gardening
or karate or 1970s music albums but I
really am surprised that a lot of people
think they have to quit their day job to
focus on building their brand or
building their internet business and I
guess that's what I want to talk about
today you can do both it all comes down
to hustle 2.0 my friends if you want it
you can do it you've got to give up
watching lost no more weeds no more
three hours of we know Madden football
no halo you know less time going out and
watching movies no Dark Knight I mean
it's all about the hustle if you want
this you can do it and you can have both
you can work a nine-to-five and
definitely get home and still spend time
with the family and then start building
your brand or your business and let's
even say 9:00 p.m. that gives you plenty
of time with the kids and family maybe
even watch you know a show or two and go
9:00 to 1:00 o'clock in the morning you
know are you gonna live on four or five
hours of sleep for three six three to
six months maybe a year maybe even two
years yes but if you want to win and
when I say win to live and do what you
want and to build your business that you
want for yourself well then you've got
to fight for it my friends the work part
is the part that nobody ever wants to
talk about you've got to work and you've
got to work real real hard I mean the
amount of things that I've had to give
up to create what I wanted for myself
has been a lot now I balance it I spend
time with my family
and like for example every Sunday I'm
watching the Jets I don't care what's
going on you could pay me 100 trillion
dollars to build your brand Apple and
I'm not coming if the Jets are playing
but I want people to understand you can
have both just because you work 9:00 to
5:00 in a dip and in something you don't
love doesn't mean you can't go out come
home and then hustle for five six hours
to build what you want and over time it
will happen and you can start
transitioning I've actually known some
people that I've talked to about this
that have gone from six-figure paying
jobs or even high five figure paying
jobs started building their things
started coming up with some equity some
advertising and actually took a job that
paid them less but gave him more time to
build their business so they went from
being in corporate America to maybe even
working retail at half the price but
we're then able to continue to build
their brand online or their product
online or their business online and now
we're completely transitioned out gave
up the retailing and doing it full-time
you can have both
