how nasty is the view out of my hotel
room here at Sydney Australia I mean
there it is right there and they're so
pretty pretty lucky I'm uh I'm one lucky
guy and I know it and I really
appreciate you watching this video and
this is a pretty big video for me
so get ready this is probably gonna be
one of the biggest videos I do in a long
long time and it really talks about
where I'm going the rest of this year so
what I want to talk to you guys about
today is my work work balance obviously
work-life balance is something we all
work on and I continue to and this is
probably bleeding from my work life
balance thoughts because this is a
work-life balance and work work balance
thing for me first of all I want to lose
some weight
yeah it's there guys so that's something
on my mind I want to get a little
healthier my knees finally healed so I
want to start playing some tennis and
basketball racquetball take that up see
what that's all about probably get crazy
competitive but what I want to talk to
you guys about today and what this video
is all about is to let the little
universe that actually cares about me
know that I'm making some changes for
2010 and making some big changes for
2010 and it's because the reason I got
to a place where I could write a book
like crush and people bought it or the
fact that people want me to come and
speak I'm here in Australia to speak at
a conference which by the way will be
one of my last of 2010 that's the first
thing I'm doing I'm not speaking anymore
this year I probably won't speak at
South by Southwest next year I'm
probably gonna do a whole year off the
circuit maybe with my book coming out
late this year cuz I'm about to write
another book that's another little one
I'll be a little chaotic here that's why
I roll but I do have a couple scheduled
but for example as soon as I'm done
taping this and uploading it I'll be
emailing my good friend Ryan Carson
telling him I will not speak at phowa
though he hasn't formally invited me you
know usually I do and he's the best and
you should go to FOA London by the way
it's an amazing conference but I'm gonna
really really trim down my speaking
circuit and what else I'm gonna do is
several things we'll get to in a second
mainly because I need to start executing
and I need to start learning again to be
really blunt with you guys I feel like
I've lost a little bit of my edge you
know being really honest with myself for
last three to four months I feel like I
need
smarter and the way I get smarter is by
reading and living putting my head down
and executing I need to taste it one
thing I pride myself in is the reason I
come with such badass conviction every
time it's cuz I'm not reading it on
somebody else's blog I'm tasting that
stuff that's how I roll
I live it and then of course I believe
it because I lived it and I saw it
happen I like to execute and right now I
feel like I'm doing something that
there's a great Russian saying there's
no real English saying seams you open
that see assets to yet which kind of
means sorry to all the Russians that was
butchered you know I'm putting my one
ass on ten toilets and I feel like I'm
hitting a lot of doubles and triples and
that's not the game I want to be playing
and so vaynermedia is very important to
me and I want to come through
dramatically for our clients we just
announced Forbes as a new client and and
Campbell's was sort of used to work with
and the National Hockey League continues
to be a clinic the Jets the Nets Nets
call me you know so I want to execute
for our clients because hitting homeruns
is what gonna make baby media successful
you know I've got other projects that
I'm working on whether it's corked hip
hop at lunch
something I'm starting to believe in
that's been incubated within vaynermedia
and the fact that Cinderella wine and
gourmet library and wine library I'm
gonna start toning down my own personal
brand now does this mean I'm gonna stop
interacting no way still gonna be
answering my emails to the best of my
ability but does that mean for example
that I'm going to be eliminating this
TweetDeck from my computer yes I am
because that little thing popping up in
the corner distracting cuz I love the
interaction I love getting in there with
the peeps and I'm going to continue to
do it still have it on my phone and I'll
still engage my principles don't change
however everything works when it's in
balance and I need to start learning and
executing I feel like I need to read
some more I just do I need to read the
blogs I need to I need to read content
because a lot of you have heard that you
know I may not read books and I still
may not but I'm definitely gonna be in a
place where I need to read two three
hours worth of news I need to get
smarter I want to be at the cutting edge
and and I just need the
I'm I need time to play basketball I
feel like I need to cut out all this
mentoring and and and these 30 minutes
Skype interviews and these one-hour
conference calls and all these talks
that I'm doing and I don't want people
to be upset this this video is probably
more for Matt my assistant anybody
because gonna have to send this to
people because I'm really bad at saying
no I don't want to say no I'm so
appreciative that people give a crap
that I want I want to answer them I
don't think that I'm anything special or
I'm so cool that I can't answer people
or I don't have time for the small
things this has nothing to do with small
things or big things this has to do with
the fact that if you don't execute you
don't win and I feel like I'm stretched
too thin to execute and I need to cut
certain things out and I've gotten a
four year run of answering all the
emails and engaging with everything and
not having any filter to what's
important what's not because everything
is important to me any one person
whether they have one follower eight
million followers is important to me
but the fact that matters is I'm
building businesses and that's what I
want to do I want to build businesses
and vaynermedia needs my attention and I
need to go there and start building a
business we have a lot of employees now
and they'd help AJ it's too much to
throw on somebody that young that raw
his skill set is insane but I've got to
help him I want to do it I want to build
quirk that I want to build this secret
thing that I'm doing I've got another
secret thing that I want to do I've got
a new book the Thank You economy coming
I need to write it and I want to crush
it because crush it was legit but guess
what 50 less things that I'm gonna cut
out this year that I wouldn't last year
would have made that book better and
that's what I need to start doing I need
to stop hitting cripples and I need to
stop hitting ground root doubles and I
have to get back to hitting homeruns and
that's what I need to do for myself I
still want to engage I still want to see
people I'm not going anywhere for
example one of the big things with this
new crazy structured life I have where
I'm boxing everything out scheduling
everything and having like you know time
slots from five to seven to make phone
calls but that's it like thinking I need
to innovate I need to go food and just
think I need to taste things I need to
know everything that's going on out
there I need to consume it play with it
and touch it and I need to get in there
and get my hands
because that's what I do I need to do
that but what you know already lost my
train of thought where I was segwaying
from but what what I know is this I I
want to execute and I want to come
through Oh what I was gonna say in this
new regiment regiment
kind of scheduled world I'm thinking
about starting a new show
one hour Q&A show so I don't have to be
disappearing from the world I want to
engage and all those people that emailed
me or hit me up on Twitter or asked for
15 minutes of my time you know now we
can do in that Q&A format with everybody
I want to come out with a schedule of
Q&A she would be three times a week noon
to 1:00 p.m. just you know I'll be there
I mean will can you build a big
community enjoy that I don't know a
brainstorming but here's what I know
I need to change things up I need a
Brian Matusz change up because the fact
of the matter is I want to win and it's
all I ever want to do and I want to come
through for my clients and I want to
come through for my family and I want to
come through and what I do as a career
and right now I feel like I'm just in
too many places and trying to do too
much more than one person and so I want
to get focused and fierce on it I'm
hungry I'm very hungry and I want to be
better I want to be better for all the
people that are asking me for their
mentorship and for their thoughts and to
help them with their business models I
want to be better for you guys and so
the only way I can do that is to get my
head down and do what got me your kind
of thing you know this isn't like oh
crap everything's broken this is not
like midlife crisis this is not like
which was what happened with my number
TV when I turned 30 this is much more I
need to shape enough this is like the
love handles you know I need to get lean
I'm gonna get lean mentally I'm gonna
get lean business-wise I'm gonna get
lean physically I'm gonna do this and I
don't think I'm really disappearing in
any way this is not my retirement from
being social in some ways I may be even
more social than I've been over the last
three months because I'm really trying
to figure out the real grind I want to
be good I want to be legit I want to
know what the hell's going on in every
angle I want to know everything that's
going on with iPad you know apps I want
to know everything that's going on
within the Facebook world cuz there's so
many nuances
I mean wait to Facebook Credits blows up
and changes the game there's just so
much going on and I don't have enough
time to get
Zen and think about it and devour it the
way I process is I play with it I touch
it I feel it I use it and I just need to
get better and smarter and the way I
need to do that is by putting my head
down so this video has made more than
anything else to really show the people
that are gonna keep hitting me up for
hey I'd love to buy you dinner you know
and it's a brilliant move and I love it
at just 15 minutes of your time or
coming to the store I'm gonna keep doing
this I've done just way too much yeah
come to store for an hour and it's great
and I love it I want to give back more
than ever more than anything more than I
breathe that's why I do it but for me to
give back quality I need these next nine
months for sure for sure for me to give
back quality
I need these next nine months and that's
what I'm gonna do I'm putting my head
down I'm gonna continue to answer my
emails to the best of my ability I'm
gonna continue to engage and I'll be
around on Twitter and Facebook and I'll
do all that I'm not going anywhere
as a matter of fact this Q&A thing I
think could be amazing but what I'm here
to say today is that um I'm working on
my work work balance my balance of my
brand too many
I'm addicted to bizdev it's like I'm
just addicted to the biz dev and the
opportunities and the networking so I'm
cutting out the biz dev and the
networking and I just have to I have to
focus on the cake that's in front of me
I'm trying to get too many pieces of pie
just the damn lemon pie Gary eat the
damn lemon pie the apple pie will be
there and as a matter of fact if I do
this over the next nine months I'm gonna
be quicker to grab that apple pie sorry
it's my apple pie so that's what I'm
doing I need to focus on what's in front
of me especially vaynermedia it's got my
name on it it's with my brother or the
highlights of my life is the fact that I
got to build a business with my dad but
I'm not getting that with AJ we're
working together you know and not with
each other and I want that with each
other I need to impose my DNA on the
vaynermedia team I want that I want to
know them the way I know my Wine Library
people and I'm just stretched too many
places too many interviews too many
podcasts
saying yes to everything because I hate
saying no because you know what I don't
want to be like I sold out or I'm not
available this is the right thing for me
because I'm not as smart as I was three
years ago I'm smarter in a lot of ways
but I need this I need I need to devour
content read put my head down
Yoda it up Touch and live stuff and I
need this and I'm focused and I'm I'm
ready I'm ready I'm very ready I don't
want to thank everybody and and I
apologize for the people that want to
pitch me that you know annual vesting
gotta focus on what I've got venmo you
know and and Tumblr and I'm just gonna
focus on what I've got the daily booth
I've got to focus on what I've got and
you know simplegeo I need to come
through for those guys I need to come
through for the people that I've signed
up for and invested in and that's not
only my angel investments but it's my
clients for sure I want to be crazy
happen for the Jets and the nets and
Forbes magazine and I need to I need to
do this I need to do less about it's
less about my brand enough with me I
feel like I need to go away for a little
bit you know I'll still be here I will
trust me this is not gonna be like I'm
off the grid I'm not off the grid but
but it's gonna be more controlled
interaction that's what it's gonna be
and I'm excited about it it's a very
pivotal moment I can't wait to look back
at this video in four years hey Gary man
you got a little old because this is a
another turning point this is almost
five years since I started while every
TV I had the Epiphany at 30 I feel like
I'm 34 and a half I'm a little ahead of
schedule
34 2/3 um I'm ahead of schedule this
time around I need to focus I want to
write the best book that's in me for the
Thank You economy I've got two or three
projects you don't even know about that
I'm gonna focus on and I want to pump
out good shows for Wine Library TV and I
want to get deeper into the wine
business I maneuver I'm doing with quark
and I want to know what's going on I
want to read I want I want to go to
hacker news and and read the titles and
not just read the titles and be like hmm
I want to read I want to be smart
and I need this for myself for my team
for my family and most of all ironically
I need this for what I've been doing for
the last 24 months I want to be awesome
when people ask me questions I just flew
and answered a crapload of all emails
and there were great answers but I want
to be cutting-edge I want I want people
to bleed when they interact with me I'm
so cutting-edge and I feel like that
could be anyone and that's it and that's
where I'm going so if you're watching
this video I apologize that I can't do
you know I can't come to your school and
speak which breaks my heart because I
want to or I'm sorry I'm turning down
that awesome twenty to forty thousand
dollars you're offering me to speak but
I need to do this and I'm sorry if I
can't just take five minutes I know it
seems so small but it's not when you do
it 18 thousand times a day and I'm sorry
that I can't do a quick tea or a coffee
and I'm sorry you know that I can't do a
15-minute podcast to only take 12
minutes or you want to buy me dinner and
I'm sorry to all the potential awesome
angel investments and biz dev deals that
I would have made but I need to put my
head down I need to grow that playoff
beard and I flirted about earlier this
year and I need to come through for
koalas of the world that I've invested
in to the clients and I know I'm
repeating myself as you can see I'm
instilling it in me this is how I go
I've been flirting for three months
again you hardcore vayniacs you saw the
playoff beard mentions it's been you
know kind of smoking the fires here the
fires in me I'm fired in a big way I
feel like I just fired myself and I
thank everybody for their support in
this please don't think I'm a jerk off
please and don't mistake this in any way
for the fact that I'm not gonna engage
cuz I am and the fact that I'm not going
to be around cuz I am so in fact I think
you know a lot of you have loved the
interaction on Ustream which I love I'm
trying to bring that back that's one of
the elements and I just love everybody I
wish everybody the best and I just want
to come out of this at the end this year
I want to come into 2011 as the best as
the person that really knows this better
than anybody whatever this is
thank you
