everybody's Gary Vaynerchuk sitting here
at vaynermedia
working away senator Ella wine stuff
anyway uh um what talk about something
that I find extremely fascinating which
is twelve days ago ten days ago or maybe
seven days ago but probably twelve days
ago Google Buzz and chatroulette did not
exist and that's probably been 50% of my
conversations over the last 72 hours
with different clients and people in the
space
I think it's massively fascinating that
people are trying to wrap their head
around social media and I'm creating
decks and are trying to lay out 365 day
plans three year plans at least six
month plan and I respect and understand
why but we need to start respecting and
understanding that Internet as a
platform is so different than television
and print and radio where you don't have
to have timing you know you don't have
to have plans
it doesn't take six months of production
before this show comes out that's going
to become pop culture and then we're
gonna have to adjust to it it doesn't
work that way
things happen fast they're happening
behind the scenes we don't know the
Russian kids breaking on chatroulette
we don't know that Google's like we're
gonna make our play with bus they come
out and they change the landscape
immediately because we're connected and
interacting in this thing called
computer you know so I think that one of
the big takeaways for me and one of the
fascinating things about Google Buzz and
chatroulette and anything else look
chapter left comes out everybody
starting to think about it got a little
porn now you know and things of that so
we're analyzing it but boom tiny check
comes out and adjusts to it you know
there's so much speed the speed of
business has accelerated to a level that
I really really honestly with all my
heart believe that most people have not
wrap their head around and more
importantly corporate America big
companies and a lot of large moving
battleships are really good
think long and hard about having like
those little lifeboats on the side you
know those little speedboats that sit in
your little yacht there and you throw
out there every company of big size is
gonna have to add that little ninja team
that Jedi team that little speedboat off
the battleship because you're gonna have
to react you're gonna have to move cuz
this stuff happens fast it changes the
landscape of the competitive model and
you know 12 months later six four months
later sometimes you blink and the whole
game has changed and a lot of people are
not prepared for the speed of what
social media does Google Buzz
chatroulette tiny chaps reaction to it
all we're not even real 10 days ago
