so I just you know sitting here in the
kitchen thinking as I do is how do I do
it I talk to a lot of brands this
morning and there was a common theme and
I felt inspired to make a video you know
a lot of people are starting to
understand the real line in the sand
between what Facebook to do and what
Twitter can do and what other social
networks and platforms can do and really
Facebook is so robust and they're
customizing the fan pages high up with
the customizable fan pages you know
there's so much more flexibility to
story tell but what's very cool about
Twitter and other platforms and even
leaving comments on your blog
I think that brands have completely lost
touch or more employees people have
underestimated the value but thank you
and you're welcome showing people
comments on the site Twitter where
people say who might just try this
product and it was delicious and then
watching these brand people look at me
and say what do you do with that you say
thank you or you say you're welcome when
somebody says our service was
unbelievable by UPS well ups get in
there and say you're welcome and thank
you for using us the power thank you and
you're welcome is so much higher than
people recognize and the ability to
saved is easier than ever so start
saying
