so some crusher books just did an IMU
seminar and I've been on this book tour
talking a lot about what I'm calling the
Thank You economy I want probably more
money from the bets i made that crusher
would make the New York Times bestseller
list the top 10 the print version then I
probably did signing the book deal
because so many people told me that
people would not die you know from
internet brands that I put out so much
content for free that there's no reason
to buy something like a book and that
you know old media people thought that
definitely and a lot of new media people
who bet me thought I want to get there
because other internet celebrities or
salinity experts have not done well with
their books either and so what I knew
and what I'm powerfully excited about is
what i call the Thank You economy I
think we're headed towards the Thank You
economy see content though King and
though probably more important than ever
because I think every business needs to
be in it the cost and value of it has
completely plunged because it's classic
economics of supply and demand there's
so much more supply now that the demand
to pay for it is considerably lower
however it is the foundation of giving
you the ability to bring people into
your community and then you have to
really care for them and love them I
know that eighty percent of the people
that bought this book and I know that a
bunch of you that are watching now are
going to buy more books and the holidays
as give as gifts not because it's the
greatest book ever no it's pretty darn
good I think but because of the Thank
You economy because you're going to
thank me for the eight hundred episodes
of mile every TV you're gonna thank me
for the hundreds of gary vaynerchuk
videos you're going to thank me through
all the keynotes that I put out and all
the you screams I've done and for all
the tweet backs and for answering every
email and I know I'm in July right now
sigh apologize I'm trying to catch up
it's a thank-you economy give great
service care about people in your win I
mean
apples in order to keep us just cared
and they built a pretty darn big
business so what I know is that the
Thank You economy is coming if you don't
give real customer service if you don't
love your customer you're gonna be in a
very different place because word of
mouth is how brands are built and
business is done and word of mouth is
now on steroids my breath word of mouth
is now completely exploding we're
connected more than ever soon we'll be
connected worldwide more than ever soon
we'll be connected on the mobiles more
than ever and the fact the matter is
word of mouth is going to change
branding and caring it good customer
service from your cashier to your truck
driver to your CEO is going to be the
game the Thank You economy
