hey guys it's Gary Vaynerchuk that
inspired first of all big shout out to
New York Jets playoff beard intact this
Sunday Peyton Manning the Colts are
going down and I'm going to my first
Super Bowl but what I really want to
talk to you guys about is consumer
expectations I've been talking about
this quite a bit means in the second
half of my book tour some people might
have heard this if you came out I'm
fascinated by consumer expectations see
what I know is this in 1998
I did free shipping on while I become
and people lost their mind people bought
wine for their daughter's weddings when
their daughters were 5 years old because
they were so stunned that they could get
free shipping see they weren't expecting
free shipping now every email you give
her a retailer is free shipping during
the holiday season you all wait for the
post black friday cyber monday deals
expectations change I know that if any
of you went to a hotel right now and
have dial-up internet that you would
factor pants and call all your friends
and be pissed but only a decade ago
you'd be thrilled
they had internet at all consumer
expectations now this is where I get
really focused and really intrigued
brands are interacting with people
celebrities are interacting with people
I didn't expect altoon my favorite
jeff's receiver 10 15 years ago to call
me or hit me up on my pager or ring my
doorbell and high-five you for being a
band the FOP Bengals fan there's at
least some form of expectation kind of I
hit him up enough on Twitter that Chad
Ochocinco is gonna say what's up
I never expected my favorite bubble gum
bubble young to like hit me up and say I
hope you like that flavor Bigley to to
say how's the grape today but I might
expect
Pillsbury now if I say oh these
Pillsbury Dough muffins are amazing to
kind of hit me up give me a coupon say
what's going on expectations of the
consumer are gonna change
climatic
over the next 36 months and brands
companies and personal plans stood ulema
T's Triple C like me or real big
celebrities are gonna have to adjust and
recognize what this means to their brand
and more importantly to their business
and what it's going to come down to is
the people that can scale they're
tearing and so you're not paying
attention to what's starting to happen
right now
this new oh my god it's not oh my god
the celebrity hit me up or oh my god my
favorite sneaker company just said hello
it's yeah and soon it's gonna be like
where are you consumer expectations are
gonna change the landscape very quickly
and if you're not ready for it
