so people are like coming up to me and
saying yeah I love all your videos and
everything you're saying is great and
it's practical it's not genius but it's
practical and you're showing us how to
do it and we appreciate that but there's
a big problem I'm not as charismatic or
you know over-the-top or handsome as you
are you know so what do I do and I
wanted to finally break something down
when didn't being completely
over-the-top and full of energy and just
massively explosive becomes so awesome
because a lot of people email me and
tell me how awesome it is and how they
wish they were like that but I've got to
be honest with you if you're an
introvert instead of an extrovert you
could be doing the same things I'm doing
you've just got to crush them with
content guys do you think it's a lot of
fun to be the way I am let me tell you
something I'm just embracing Who I am
and I'm accepting who I am and that's
what's so important you've got to really
just love your own DNA you are you and
if you've got good content and you know
what you're talking about whatever the
subject matter is you'll be respected as
long as you hustle and keep putting it
out there see the funny thing is guys is
that there are plenty of people plenty
of people and you know them behind the
scenes it's great that all I have all
this popularity a lot of people say nice
things it's cuz I really do care and I
do pump out stuff and I think that it's
got some value and I really really do
care and people feel it because I email
everybody back and I direct message
people but there are plenty of people
that think I'm a jerk off that think I'm
a douchebag that think I'm way high
energy or full of there's people
out there to think that and what I've
noticed over the last two three years is
that over time not that I've won them
over
but that I've continued to pump out good
content I continue to you know put my my
work where my mouth is or what is it you
know you know I just continue to answer
my email I continue to work hard I
continue to build brand equity I
continue to also give and do 15-minute
phone calls with people that just
randomly ask for it and I think when you
do the right things when your actions
speak louder than your words even if
your words are completely obnoxious and
over-the-top like some people think I am
or very slow and somber and articulate
and direct like maybe you are
it's all about the content at the end of
the day and sure I could be a showman
and all that and that just my natural
DNA but if you don't think I realized
that if I just toned it down a hair just
a hair that I would be more accepted
there's plenty of people that hate my
style
as a matter of fact there's a lot of
people that hate that over-the-topness
and it's too much and everybody thinks
I'm on crack or Red Bull I get it and I
respect it
and I think people need to understand
that you need to respect other people's
opinion and to be truthful yourself I'm
telling you if I was seven percent less
over to the top
I'd be ten times bigger if you
understand where I'm going with that but
I can't be 7 percent less I've got to be
me and the quicker you're you and
realize it's not the personality but
it's the content and the hard work and
seeing opportunity and networking and
however you do it that really separates
you from the pack I can yell and scream
and be all crazy and do all this but
unless they back it up unless there's
two results unless people go out there
and use me for consulting and then do
things and it actually works unless all
those things happen you lose so it's
about the chops do you have the chops if
you do it doesn't matter if you yell or
if you whisper
