Ryan Leaf Andre where Brian Bosworth
Purvis Ellison think about these things
do you know them a lot of you don't
these are guys that were drafted very
high in sports very very high Sam Bowie
drafted before Michael Jordan can we get
over the point of people thinking that
talent is enough like even contact which
is the most powerful thing which is you
know if you have talent you can pump it
out this whole notion of business that
you know you can't out hustle or outwork
somebody to be better than them is
insanity anybody that follows sports and
especially if they follow drafts in any
way at all
Akili Smith that I mentioned everybody I
mean seriously
anybody who follows sports and drafts in
any shape or form that doesn't
understand that I don't give a rat's ass
you're a better writer or if you can
pump out better videos and if you're not
willing to outwork and love it have the
passion for it then you're gonna get
beat by somebody who's not as good and
absolutely doesn't have the talent that
you have but it's gonna make a whole lot
more money have a whole lot more
opportunity I think the line in the sand
the defining thing in this whole game is
hustle and I wanted to pinch you that
picture because I know a lot of you know
those athletes I want you to understand
Jeff George anybody I want you to
understand looking at okay I want people
to understand that somebody's gonna
outwork you I'm definitely an outwork
you and there's other people are gonna
outwork you in your niche and if you
don't start putting in the hours and
something dropping if you don't start
dropping the Xbox controller and they'll
be paddle and your TiVo remote and that
beer after work in your hands you lose I
don't give a rat's ass if you want to
yell or you're the most creative son of
a baby
the person with Misha Misha if you're
the biggest you know best of all time
but you don't put in the work in the
hustle you're gonna get beat and
businesses that don't care and have
little small startups like Erebor
they're gonna beat you too
and so big confusion in our space
especially amongst a lot of bloggers and
a lot of web sites they think that they
better design and better functionality
and they think they're gonna win you're
not
