everybody's Gary Vaynerchuk I've got my
peeps watching live on ustream right now
and you can see on my youtube and i'm
about to talk about something that
really caught my attention um i saw a
tweet out from alan stratton from center
networks mot looks like upset or
networks a great website he also just
taped my keynote from the street
yesterday if you haven't seen that Matt
looks like that as well from New York
Observer that picked it up but what I
want to really focus on is a Howard
Stern six minute video on YouTube mott
like that up we got my main man Chris
smart doing a lot of linking up today
Gary Vaynerchuk calm we're gonna play
this full six minute video and I'm gonna
jump in and interact rewind a little bit
this might be a 10 or 15-minute video
he's talking about something very
fascinating to me I think Howard Stern
at the top of the monetizing radio game
for the last two decades this is a very
telling video this has a lot of impact
on where the world's going this cements
a lot of things to me and should cement
a lot of things to you I am absolutely
pumped and honored to call out Howard
Stern your game is laying my man you are
past and I understand he capitalized I'm
not talking about what he's done he
crushed it he monetized he put 100
million in the bank so I'm not gonna
diss on him he's absolutely brilliant as
I'll point out in this video but the
game is changing my friends and there's
a lot of people crying about it
including the top of the top let's
listen to this this is Howard Stern the
other day on September 17 social
networking sites or pornography sites
believe it or not I have to think I'm
taking against you that be social by
social networking me my face the line
space line space of my foot my face
Pilate the one he's full of shit he
doesn't know the names which part with
the age of 15 you shouldn't be on it uh
these people blog and pick up everything
in their lives like someone gives a fuck
everybody is so interesting um but yeah
yeah so you know I get a job at that
broad we just had in here she's cheap
all right let's start with where he's
gone right out what he's doing is he's
establishing a situation where you're
not me you're not as good as I am don't
try to do what i do see Stearns at the
radio game and what bothers him about
social networks
and WEP 20 in general is that anybody
now can be in the game see he had with
his wild style in the 70s or early 80s
had to get approved and how to have a
partner of crime a producer that
believed in him nobody needs to do that
anymore you just put your content out
there and you're in the game and the
ability to listen to me or you or
anybody else is now equal discern
actually Stern cost money now cuz he
capitalized in cash any good for him by
the way i'll never hate on making some
cash um but anybody's in the game now
against Stern and that wasn't the case
of what he's doing right now is making
sure that his lizard base doesn't become
ambitious and he's suppressing their
opportunity to do what he does he got
everything going if you're on my face
yeah if you're on my face like he
doesn't know what it is is guys will if
you're my facebook and you suck and you
don't work shame on you because it's
ours you should be working I mean really
if you I like that a little bit you know
I like the hustle I think you should be
working but there's a new way to work a
new way to brand and these websites
sometimes are your platform to do that
I'm for that you have time to work what
do you want to know it is creepy what
what's more pop really nice tradition we
be fine both sides about the porn sites
believe you're not a point huge on the
internet but I believe people are so
consumed with putting their own pictures
up a reading their own fucking waters
people read that shit but once again
leave it's the networking once again a
lot of people mocks laughing he loves
that two people will read that shit and
that's true a lot of people don't have
the talent but guess what two people who
listen to that shit on the radio too if
you suck so if you're not good enough on
the radio you'll get cancelled and been
put away just like in his world radio in
the online world video blogging social
networks social media if you're not
gonna know but he's gonna watch so you
have to have the chops the platforms
have changed not the rules so that's
what he's trying to establish a and by
the way the reason he's guessing social
networks is cuz he's paying attention
he's not a clown he didn't get there
because he's an idiot he's actually a
brilliant self Brander marketer promoter
he did a phenomenal job but so he's not
just say believe it or not it's bigger
than porn he's paying at
well internet research and built-ins are
analyzed information for more than 10
million web visitors and concluded that
young users spend so much time on social
networks that they don't have time to
look at adult sites my daughter's
friends all do that good to go they've
been doing it like when you Oh his
daughters friends right so he's paying
attention guys with 12 yay and now we're
saying 12 result of it seemed like an
Afghan but it's not just from twenty
percent a decade ago now the myspace get
this old Sonny knows your name at the
size your myspace page I can go look at
you know blows facebook facebook you
gotta admit that you look at your
friend's page really so even if I want
to look at these pages i'm not gonna go
on admit it I'm a good man with your
page got a guy for ya what is top
internet searches are now on site such
as myspace and Facebook how does that
happen like don't you just think well
you just go for your friends when you
see your friends out you said if you
want my opinion on the Democratic
convention you could just go to my blog
you know what it is pay attention here
every picture of themselves they want to
share themselves with the world they put
dick that's what he wanted to do what it
takes you talk about every thought to be
he told you at his mom he told you that
his dad he talked about his life that's
what he did every day and I even see
like radio guys should they keep blogs
there's such assholes let me jerk why
never you drive out on the air you
should that your blog go you're gonna
just old-school write your blog old
scratch the back he sounds just like
your dad power stering sounds like your
dashtam the great Howard Stern is
sounding like an old man to me write
such a pig tonight why doesn't the
financial ansible sausage dad you're
gonna write that I'm dropping f-bombs
isn't gonna change that
that's all him and Robin and this clown
man and what I'll probably that's all
they do is talk about their lives for
you I'm the radio platform but here's
why you do it on the online Python which
allows you to each month or more even
been with it plus you're competing
against a lot would you know anybody can
do it you just need a couple clouds of
kindness your little world and grave on
my first I music today oh man so drained
we had it I didn't think we had another
busy day we had it too wet holy like
he's so much better than the one he's a
member and was nearly draining and then
it was foggy and see if it was real I
hit on all of the girls and they all
rejected me cuz I'm a fat fuck ironic
everything he's doing now clowning the
person that he's making pretend is the
same thing Howard Stern did every single
morning for 20 years everything he's
making fun of in that voice right now is
exactly what he did day today and that
allowed you to get interested in Howard
and he gave you that connection what
made Stern popular what made Oprah
popular was they didn't just do their
world they brought you into their world
you knew about Stedman you knew about
sturms family the girls you knew that
that's not that movie it showed his life
his parents he brought you in that's
what blogs are doing it's bringing
people in and then you get to make
decisions of who you like and who you
think are interested but now because
it's using a platform that he is not
familiar with or more importantly I
think he's very familiar with but is not
positioned to leverage because of his
situation and listen again this guy
killed it in one I'm not disrespecting
Howard Stern in any shape or form in his
career he dominated it right it's like a
great 1970s basketball player but let's
take koozie from the 50s and put him in
the NBA today and I'm not so sold on how
great he would be I'm talking to Jeff
carlish such a sure he has no vocabulary
I mean it was at all just draining day
today was that training and he wouldn't
have time to write on the blog to pick
songs have to leave at five thirty to
get today man yeah exactly he goes one
in line you have a damn funny oh my god
I was just reading my mind fish I hate
talking to stupid people fat food yeah
it's kind of like that it was a classic
doing what
she could really rough day the way the
good Kansas this is the same stuff he
did every single day for 20 years he
just hits the back that his section of
that hair is now exposed to everybody
stop losing our me as a winner I'm not
saying what the game is changing and I
when listening to this hearing at the
original video it is boys first people
like cameos happy got out and I passed
out at night wyd o'clock at night lay
down we have buck you die fuck it's a
goddamn yankee game I can't go now I'm a
Yankee dick when you're doing this blog
a couple pictures up differently school
my school about cuz you want anyone to
know we're making major Howard that you
wanted everybody to know everything
about you almost Eurasian with my land
and it was my lemonade yeah I guess my
friends do peeps we are about to read
about people who care about me that's
what he says if I bring pictures to my
uncle's house they what would Howard
Stern is the exact same person that
would absolutely dominate social media
today if he was 20 years old and you
know what Howard I got something to tell
you you wouldn't have had to share the
revenue with all those douchebags you've
had to for the last 25 years so honestly
you would have crushed it even more
because your skill set is over the top
and you're interesting and your cost of
entry would have been zero and you would
have been able to come in and nobody
would have told you shut your mouth but
at the end of the day the fact that
you've already made it and you've cashed
in on your personal brand and their
skill set nice and the fact that you've
crushed it and made all this money and
did it and now you're standing on a
platform and not encouraging people and
putting them down and trying to suppress
because you just want to be that ego in
your own mind and that's how I look at
him a man honestly because you don't
want somebody to come up the ranks and
do what you did to Don Imus to you is
pretty fucking sad I'm just saying I
left a rock right before the free FM
flip to go to work
that's of the concert promoter Live
Nation that's somebody having a
conversation with me that's somebody
right here right yes yes your voice for
somebody yeah we're winners were you
right where's your blog that Jason cap
was fighting it it's for some reason
Facebook changed and I don't know where
he found it today was our final day of
taping and like every other day
unbelievable every breathing come on up
to it what good his business on the fact
the matter is Howard Stern lives in old
media and he doesn't like it because
nobody's talking about Howard Stern when
is the left you scream 156 people and
you scream right now I'm sorry I looks
interrupt let's get them on the screen
when is the last time you heard somebody
talk about Howard Stern honestly on a
serious level I mean give me a yes no
people talking are people talking about
Howard Stern give me a yes no so far I
see two years ago a year ago stern
equals a dinosaur no no when he got
married no no here's a yes no no no no
over his satellite radio deal I mean
that was what three years ago no no no
never who is Howard Stern no no long
time ago months ago Bubba bleak when he
went to satellite he sucks he's over
eagles family melicent these are people
that are using ustream in 2008 people
that are using things like Twitter
that's how they found out about this
time has passed for stern and the next
turn is gonna be built and you should go
out and take it don't listen to people
like Howard Stern that make fun of you
their social I think it's a waste of
time I think if you're over the age of
15 you shouldn't be on it I just trying
to suppress people from coming and
taking a piece in this case he's scared
and so are a lot of other people don't
listen to the haters you do it if you
believe that you've got the chops
leverage the new media's because there's
no gate keepers and crush in life that's
how you're gonna win in two thousand I
got both my face my hand my face
