thank God for the club they uh you know
thank you mom thank God for the oops
sorry sorry sorry thank God for the
voice memo thing that we talked about a
couple days ago I just remembered a
video that I desperately wanted to do
for my blog gary mitrik calm you're here
you get it um this numbers obsession
game that we're in this what I'm going
to call the Twitter society that we live
in where people actually truly gauge
their value or somebody else's value on
how many Twitter followers they have
somebody in my own organization today
said don't don't worry it was a negative
thing they only had 40-something
followers that is not the way to play it
this person is awesome so I'm not
throwing anybody under the bus but that
is not the way to play it because I want
you to understand something it is not
the number of emails you have on your
list or users that follow you on twitter
or fans on Facebook because I can build
a four million dollar business with four
people I don't understand from a
business sense why people think the
number counts I mean have you ever heard
of the heavy user have you do you
understand the top two to five percent a
lot of times completely wield the
direction of your company I really think
you need to stop taking the people you
have for granted and I think I've done a
little bit of that so this is a little
bit of my own little thing lately I've
been emailing everybody who leaves a
comment on wine library TV I think you
need to understand that it's not getting
more numbers it's not number grabbing
it's understanding who you already have
and cultivating those relationships so
please it's not the number of people
that follow you on twitter it's how
passionate they are there's plenty of
people there's plenty of people out
there that have four thousand followers
but 3,000 of them will go through fire
for them while somebody else has a
hundred thousand and only 200 will go
through fire for them think about that
understand that that is a very
substantial part of building a real
business it's just important that's it
it's all I got
