for immediate release I really hope that
means for immediate release for the rest
of time for any brand si press releases
are ludicrous in this world that is
giving a demonstration in a world that
is now working the room it blows my mind
in 2009 that people are sending out
press releases nobody gives a crap
so please corporations brands do not
employ people that write press releases
for you they absolutely have no impact
in today's world zero zip zilch please
I'm asking you stop it because what you
have to understand is that storytelling
is the way you build a brand and
storytelling is not dictating your story
in a press release storytelling is a
give-and-take have you ever seen
somebody give a good story yeah you're
right duh it's all-encompassing like
that big badass
Italian uncle who crushes it every time
a couple of glasses of Chianti that's
how your brand needs to be your brand
needs to be a big fat ass
Italian uncle you need to care and you
need to be out there need to be
authentic from the heart not a cold
minded press release that means nothing
to anybody hold on the phone's ringing
with Lizzie you know CJ so you know
having a baby in seven days I know I was
in an intense video today anyway
storytelling the same reason Walt Disney
and Vince McMahon and Biggie Smalls and
Tupac are the greatest of all time is
the same way that your brand can be as
well when you paint the picture of what
your brand is and the way you do that in
today's world is you get into the
trenches and you paint that picture a
million little times not just one time
and see the laziness of brands because
they want to send that press release or
put their PR team on it or spend eight
billion dollars on a commercial or
billboards or TV because that's
traditional is going to be the downfall
of those brands and the people that are
in the trenches answering their emails
getting involved in searching their name
or at replies on Twitter going into
their Facebook fan page and creating
action going to events meetups caring
they're the ones who are gonna win
they're telling their story every day
every second on a small level the people
that are looking for the ROI and how
many eyeballs are gonna happen have no
idea what's gonna hit them it's very
exciting to me and I just really hope
that I never get another press release
in my inbox tell your story tell it
every day and tell it from the heart
make it authentic care
don't and you have a business
