hey guys it's Gary Vaynerchuk on
garyvaynerchuk.com I haven't done one of
these videos in a long time so happy
holidays
Happy New Year I'm really pumped for
2009 everybody's crying about the
economy and advertisers and all this and
the bottom line is you know what put
your head down and crush it there will
be plenty of opportunities in 2009 this
is not the Great Depression let's go
find somebody old talk to them it's not
um what I want to talk to you guys about
today and I want to get really into this
and this has been you know the situation
of reading my emails over the holidays
I've realized something I'm getting a
lot of attention I'm speaking at a lot
of places and I'm excited about that and
if you want me to speak in your
conference or anything like that just
send me a link to over here on the side
of the video um and I realize there's
something really interesting which is
this one shoe doesn't fit everybody
it's kind of like wine it's like you
know here's my shoe right muck can you
fit in this maybe you can mean you can't
but most importantly it's like wine
right I like this wine you don't I like
White Castle burgers you don't so if
we've already established that flavors
tastes styles art with music and all
that sports teams I'm a Jets fan you
might not be if you mean establish that
we have different flavors what in the
world do we have to have one or two or
five systems to do business that is a
big problem and I'm really tired of
people asking me this dear Gary can you
give me five things I should do to start
my company we're three tricks that you
did to build wine library
what are seven ways you built up your
Twitter list what are nine things I
should do for my brand here's what you
should do you should listen to one
person in the world yourself the
intuition listening that we are doing as
human beings on a business level is
atrocious people look at stats people
look at other people's methods and they
try to do that nothing would make me
happier in the world that if you never
watched another Gary Vaynerchuk
dot-com video and you listened to
yourself because I promise you I don't
listen to anybody
not a soul well I look at certain
metrics absolutely but if my gut tells
me that those metrics are wrong or
there's a hole in those metrics then
there's a hole in those metrics do you
understand you know you know exactly
what you need to do to build your
business or follow your passion or build
your family or house you know what to do
the problem is you're not listening to
yourself you're listening to a million
people and you're not listening to
yourself the only thing you should be
listening to is yourself because
nobody's system works better than your
own your system for you is what works so
if you need to wear a tie to get a job
and that's not you then you don't need
to get that job and if you work better
from 2:00 in the morning to 6:00 in the
morning then work then do you understand
stop trying to make other people's shoes
fit on your foot execute what you
believe in do not listen to anybody but
yourself we all wear very very different
shoes it's simple it's repackaged from
the things that I say before but it
needs to be said again because way too
many of you are reading your RSS's and
you're reading different blogs and
you're reading all these books and
you're going all these conferences and
you're writing down all these things and
you know what you're listening to
everybody else but yourself
