some guys it's Gary Vaynerchuk for
garyvaynerchuk.com I know I'm in my Wine
Library uh setting so I'm sorry about
the tape and episode but uh I'm just
decided to pump out a quick video I have
been a little bit away from the camera
on these for a little while but
something hit me today I'm trying to
keep these you know I'm not trying to
talk for a sake of talking which is hard
for me but I want to really bring
content and value when I do these videos
and I kind of gets to the point of what
I want to talk about today I'm doing
more and more consulting AJ and I are
getting very close to launching
vaynermedia and something interesting
I've brought up today at a sit down Gary
how do you break through the noise now
you know you know what's happening guys
people are starting to understand how to
use Facebook and Twitter and Tumblr and
YouTube and Midler and all these
different tools you know it's gonna get
more competitive you know and that's
what happens and so people are saying
honey cut through the noise brands like
well how do we make what we do become
relevant buzz or the viral it's
ridiculous anyway here is how do good
stuff here's the funny thing now now
that everybody's understanding we're
done with that age ma you remember when
people like first started building
websites and all those guys running
around that new HTML we're charging like
eighty thousand dollars to build a
bullcrap website clearly somebody bought
one for Wine Library 97 wasn't that much
money but so all these social media
experts running around and making some
side cash making some Bank but really
have never built anything or know how to
execute so yeah no kidding you need a
Twitter page no kidding you need a
Facebook fan page no kidding you need to
be talking in this world there's a
shitload of customers in there but
here's the difference who's got the
chops just because everybody now knows
how to play baseball doesn't mean you
draft them to the major leagues so what
the difference makers gonna be now I'm
sorry to say is the people that come up
with good ideas and execute and
understand how to move the friggin
needle that's how you break through the
noise cuz everybody's coming and
everybody's playing but everybody has
the ability to play the piano and not
everybody is Billy Joel
