hey guys it's Gary uh time to do another
GV com there's a lot of things that go
on when you build a business and when
you're making business decisions but
rowdy Piper and I are scared of one
thing more than any other and that's a
very interesting part of your body in
your DNA when you're doing business and
that's called emotion emotion is scary
when you make emotional decisions when
in business you are in big trouble
because and I know this is not that
profound but getting into these debates
lately about journalism where it's going
or anything you know especially
journalism and when you start saying
things like oh the New York Times is in
trouble
you know that people are making
emotional political decisions people are
debating if it's a viable business based
on their politics its silliness and in a
day and age where the internet the
fourteen-year-old internet that we've
all underestimated so much is growing up
becoming a teenager and really starting
to bash all the traditional media it is
just funny to me when I see CEOs of
major companies that have a lot to lose
or employees of those industries making
emotional decisions instead of adjusting
looking at the picture and moving their
careers in different opportunities and
that's something that a lot of people
have to pay attention to when you make
emotional decisions whether it's
employees buying advertising I over the
Jets used to be so smart they would hit
me up all the time to buy advertising
and though I love them more than life no
emotion when it comes to business I
fired a best friend that worked for my
library at one point I didn't hire
friends that wanted to work for wine
library at some points I think it's just
massively important for anybody that's
running a business to make sure emotion
is completely sucked out when making
decisions and when you're debating make
sure you come in from a port you make
sure you know you're debating I mean I'm
not debating run-on sentences you with a
little bit of me
maybe we're changing the business world
