everybody it's scary vanishing for
garyvaynerchuk.com
and uh I want to talk about storytelling
PR you know branding stuff I love of
course
um I think there's way too many
companies it's starting to get obvious
to me there's a lot of companies that
really don't understand the importance
of telling your own story the amount of
brands and websites that I see being
reactionary to let's say a TechCrunch
article or Mashable article The Wall
Street Journal or Ad Age is baffling to
me I don't understand in this day and
age let me phrase that I do understand
most brands corporate structured
companies have PR teams that are really
playing by the old rules of PR PR
fundamentally changed there's so much
more authenticity in it press releases
are like doing smoke signals do you
understand what I'm saying
when you've got CEOs and personal brands
and brands within companies the face of
tech company maybe it's the CFO maybe
it's a CTO whatever it may be I don't
understand why they think they need to
have a filtered canned response to
anything I do understand when you launch
a new product or a feature why they
don't take a flip cam and just say hey
this is what we're doing I know some of
you might not like this you know
directing the story already knowing what
the stumbling blocks like getting
involved in he's consulting powwows over
the last couple of weeks where people
are like we're gonna launch this we know
what's gonna happen a couple of you
aren't gonna like this I'm gonna like
that but you know it's 95 percent better
this is just five percents gonna bother
some of the original users the data I
don't understand when they tell me it's
so real and they're coming from such a
good place and they don't want to hurt
anybody but they understand there might
be a seven percent retention of anger
over this little subtle thing I don't
understand why they don't take a flip
camera video and just say that and when
they launch it when people sign up to
the site you know that pops up and they
talk about it people are waiting for
people to cry about it and they come out
with a can bullshit response it's just
the whole thing is broken communication
is what keeps a marriage healthy a
relationship healthy be the first to
communicate if you're a business or a
brand and you'll always win wait for
somebody else to tell your story
and then you have to mold it is a losing
proposition please rethink the way you
handle PR in your company and here's the
problem and I'm gonna get a lot of flack
for this cuz I have a lot of friends in
PR a lot of them don't want you to
rethink it when you bring this up
they're gonna kind of dance you know
they don't want to change their jobs cuz
their jobs are changing everybody who's
in the PR business today has a different
job than they did 24 months ago see you
next time I'm Gary Vaynerchuk calm
