hey guys scary excited to do a
garyvaynerchuk.com video for the first
time with a live audience but I wanted
to talk to you guys about something that
I've been thinking about forever
and I finally want to do a little video
about it and it's talking about sitting
on assets and eyeballs
there's a company that's doing something
that I think is extremely smart and it's
not a company that I would say has the
hottest brand equity in the space and
it's not even a company that I'm quite
sure health-wise where it's going as a
business it's kind of going out of the
time-warner wing and its own and that's
a o L I'm sitting here today in 2009
saying Big Ups to AOL cuz I think you're
doing something extremely smart and I
think that Yahoo and Microsoft and
people like the New York Times and the
whole newspaper industry and magazines
as a whole and television as a whole
should be copying what a o L is doing
and what a o is doing is this AOL is
using it's not cool brand aol.com and
they're using it to build a lot of cool
brands AOL has been building new
platforms little blogs out there like
Asylum like Lemon Drop like popeater
on and on and on all these properties
that a was building many of them are
becoming top in their niche because when
people go to the AOL comm homepage
they're linking to it and they're
building up these assets that don't have
the negative brand taste in their mind
and it's brilliant because
what's happening is they're gonna be
able to monetize that they already have
they're selling quite a bit of ads on
these other platforms these sub sites
these little satellites it's almost a
little bit of a Soviet Union play little
Czechoslovakia we're a little hungry
over here and it's quite smart for
business I really think that Yahoo and
Microsoft would their mothership
homepages should really consider going
after that as more and more is gonna
become about filtering and niche and
hyperlocal these guys have massive
eyeballs but they're losing them every
single day
thus why I talk about the newspaper
industry my opinion the New York Times
every day on the front page
should be plugging and it doesn't have
to be Tokyo and Times Square it can be
subtle and classy but if they've got an
article about pop I mean there's daily
politics that area well just launched I
don't understand what the New York Times
in the Wednesday food section doesn't
have a little box and says to see more
about this go to daily food calm or
whatever is available or food for lovers
of loving food net I don't care what I
care about is they have eyeballs still a
lot of them less than they did before
and a lot less than they're gonna have
and before they just go down on this
huge ship and sink why not create all
these little boats that all your sailors
your journalists can go to and build and
build up with fresh brand equity what
AOL is doing is extremely smart and what
I think a lot of big platforms should be
doing is the same and now we want to
take it one step further now I'm
starting to think about it even within a
small niche like my own wine library
site should I be creating sub sites like
Cabernet today maybe I should maybe I
will and maybe you have a lot of
eyeballs that are maybe kind of going in
the right direction or maybe you're not
as happy with the brand overall or maybe
you're passionate about a niche within
that global play use that big mothership
to send eyeballs to these other islands
there's huge money going that way in the
future I promise you I made this video
so that I can show it to you in three
years and say I told you so I hope
you're having fun with your family have
a great day thank you
