so I'm sitting here searching my name
through you know Twitter search like I
always do and I find this post by Ryan
Miller and it asks a great question have
I sold out and it's a great it's a great
piece he really isn't being mean in any
way he actually says that you know part
of my brand equity in his opinion is
that um I'm very accessible to my
community answer my emails as he goes
into saying I know you guys can't see
this as he goes into saying somewhere in
here but here's where it gets
complicated I argued that his fans are
so passionate because in addition to
putting out great content he's
accessible he interacts with his tribe
on a regular basis he answers emails
every email it appears to be true I've
received many responses from his
inquiries blah blah blah and it goes out
to saying that you know it's about like
a band getting bigger and then you don't
know I guess I'm doing this video
because once and for all I want to
squash the conversation there is no
thing as selling out or Fame changing
anybody or money or more eyeballs on
them here's what it is guys it's very
simple more eyeballs more attention it
just accentuates it doesn't accentuate
it just exposes who you are it exposes
who you are so Ryan and anybody else
wondering yes I'm stretching my brand
I'm doing obsessed I'm doing different
things so what had a great comment here
from Rachel her fur she was the first
person she says what uh with when your
primary business is selling Warren Wine
Library TV calm is the next logical
brand expect extension excuse me corked
as a logical brand extinction an
interview show around celeb obsessed
ladies is not quite the progression for
Gary Vaynerchuk so I think he risk runs
the risk of not much selling out but
extending his brand far outside his core
competency also very cool but you know
I've got to scratch my own itch I want
to do lots of things but what I want to
stay really focused on is this point
it's you know what more money more
problems more attention only does one
thing it only shows everybody who you
are I promise you if the whole world
cares about what I have to say all
they're gonna find out is that my mom
and dad did a phenomenal job
see what happens is
the world just gets to know you that
much better cuz there's that many
eyeballs at you so I challenge and
promise the world to catch me on
videotape kicking a child or slamming a
door on the old lady it's not gonna
happen
you are who you are and your DNA defines
you and your upbringing defines you and
the more eyeballs on you is just the
opportunity to show how true and real
you are so Ryan great point I agree but
I promise you the people that become
famous or infamous or what-have-you
they just get exposed so the ones that
are awesome to begin with end up being
awesome to a lot more people and the
ones that were jerk-offs just end up
being jerk-offs so that's just the way
it rolls
