so I was searching vaynerchuk with a/c
because I know so many people search it
that way and i know i should be using
you know twit deck and all that stuff
but I'm old school and I came across
Tish Greer saying hmm I'm Tuesday Gary
Vaynerchuk railed old media's dead and
the same this am he's on the Today Show
what a hypocrite must have a good agent
now Tish I get it but I just want to
clear something up you know I'm not
saying that all media is dead today I am
saying that I believe they're gonna have
a tough time selling their advertising
ratios which is where they make their
money considering the RI roi considering
the eyeballs are stretching and going in
different places you know considering
that a 1 point 0 now is a good rating
Nielsen's when used to be at least a 10
and I don't think I'm being a hypocrite
I'm trying to help or who might help but
I'm just saying I'm trying to voice my
opinion that I do believe that everybody
can be a content provider don't give up
a lot of the percentage do your own
thing follow your passion and that
television and newspaper and the
gatekeepers are losing a little bit of
their competitive edge um I don't see
how that's being a hypocrite going on
building my brand using that I'll use
anything I'll go fly in a kite that
being said after Tish said that and by
the way I highly respect Tisha's point
of view because that's what's up I
respect it and then Derek followed up
Tisha's responds by saying at terrier I
have never understood Gary Vaynerchuk
other than having a big mouth I've never
found much value what he says so a
couple good lessons one always search
your name maybe there's different ways
people spell your name not every name is
as difficult as Vaynerchuk and number
two um a lot of people email me and say
they don't have the charisma I have
they're not extroverted they're not this
they're not that well guess what you are
what you are introverted quiet may be
poised probably a lot more polished we
all have our different styles own yours
because look just because I'm over top
and exciting and you love that well
clearly Derek alert thinks that I'm a
jerk probably or two over top or have no
substance behind me being so excited and
I respect that though I think Derek is
wrong because you know I've proven a
couple chops here and there but I've got
a lot more to prove and I respect that
two things definitely one always search
what's going on about yourself because
you want to get a pulse of what p
think I think you shouldn't care what
anybody thinks and you should care what
everybody thinks think about that and
number two um I think that it's very
important to always always always
interact respect of other people's
feelings and counter them just like I'm
doing now on Gary Vaynerchuk calm I'm
countering because I think Tish is wrong
I don't think being a hypocrite when I
see something is out there and trying to
help the people that are in that
industry get out and start building
their personal brand so when they get
fired by the newspaper when they lose
their inventory and they're they're
advertising dollars that they actually
have something to do and build on uh you
know just to go on the Today Show no
that's helping me build my brand that's
what I do and number two Derek jumps in
there and I respect that and I think
it's important for a lot of people that
feel like they're introverts and don't
have as much charisma or whatever the
heck they think that they should know
that there's plenty people that are
gonna respect and appreciate their style
a lot more than my style but I think
that we should really do is get out
there have a pulse of what the market
saying do what you believe in talk about
what you believe in crush your content
own you and but own you unabashedly just
owned you but respect others and I
respect pish and Derek and I'll link up
these tweets because I see that the
flipcam might not be that clear and I
wish you all a great day
