hey guys it's gary vaynerchuk again for
gary vaynerchuk calm and today i just
want to uh you know make a statement um
so your dose I'm a triple Z list
celebrity so please stop calling me a
celebrity or an internet celebrity or a
b-list celebrity it I've been doing a
lot of interviews lay there it was like
how does it feel to be a celebrity guys
I am far from a celebrity I'm a triple Z
list celebrity ninety-nine point nine
percent of the people in the world have
no idea who I am that being said this is
kind of where I think things are going
you know everybody talks about the
stretched eyeballs all these different
platforms nobody will ever get the
television ratings that they got in the
80s and that is so so organ going back
further so so true as a matter of fact I
think the far majority of people are
going to be triple Z list celebrities as
a matter of fact there's going to be
lots of triples ela celebrities and the
ones who actually arzhela celebrities
are going to be very successful and very
capable because with so many different
platforms and so many different places
for eyeballs to go today it's hard for
somebody to completely captivate
everybody there's so many niches out
there today that you I really believe a
lot of people going to be famous within
their own little niche and that's just
the extended way of where things are
going in this is very important to
understand because that's where
advertisers are going to start making
different decisions and so you're going
to start seeing a lot of very niche
advertising heavy campaigns for example
wineries and people in the wine trade or
people that have wine accessories they
should be emailing me every day people
that are into candy should be hitting up
I justinian you know there's all these
different niches out there and there's
going to be these cold like triple Z
list celebrities that are gonna be able
to help their brands and carry some
weight so as flattered as I am everybody
who's emailing me interviewing say how
does it feel to be a celebrity I can
only laugh very hard and say you know
what maybe I'm a quadruple Z list
celebrity but I appreciate it hope you
guys have the best weekend ever go out
and crush it this bad economy is loaded
with opportunity
