everybody it's gary vaynerchuck taping
at garyvaynerchuk.com
and we're about to tape it and PR as you
can see
don't you love their logo yes Scotty
Simon got it that you look good you look
good on camera why are you doing radio
you've got it you've got a TV face so I
had a great day here today for the last
hour and a half we did a little kind of
consulting talking about social media
and just fascinating now we're about the
tape you'll be able to hear us this
Sunday right Saturday on the 8 trillion
stations they have and the one thing I
came from here that I wanted to really
tell you guys about is I find it even
with the coolest brands in the world
like NPR a lot of companies have to go
through the same old thing and you get
into what I call the half pregnant zone
and that's what I want to talk about do
not get caught half pregnant if you want
to embrace the tools that are out there
today you've got to just go do it there
should be no excuses you probably work
in a company that has a lot of rules
lawyers the bigger the company the more
red tape slow moving but you've just got
to absolutely fight through and whatever
you can do to get into the space and
interact with your community that's what
you need to do Scotty agree yes
absolutely do you like the UH no he did
say I was I amazing really we're amazing
having an awful lot from it and and I've
learned that to be half pregnant I
didn't know you were pregnant before I
didn't even know I was close to get
exactly but no I think I think what
curry said is absolutely true I mean
this is this is the new way it will be
right so why delay well I mean why put
red tape why why put anything in the way
because you know what happens right go
to the watch oh yeah that's right coz
you know what happens just a matter of
time until you're dead
