anybody that's been in business ever
knows that word of mouth is probably the
most important part of building your
brand whether you're a product like Red
Bull you don't think all the club goers
the in-crowd built that brand or crystal
or Grey Goose or if you're landscaper or
a dentist or a lawyer
you think those ads that you buy in the
Yellow Pages mean anything mm-hmm word
of mother effing mouth now let's talk
about word of mouth in 2008 it's a lot
more powerful it's on steroids it's
Roger Clemens in it it's Barry Bonds in
it it is on absolute steroids in this
day and age with social products like
pounce and Twitter and all Jayco and
dodge ball I don't I just wanted to go
there Facebook and MySpace with
bulletins or whatever you use whether
it's Bebo or you know Orkut depending if
you're in Brazil right with the way
we're going now and with the SDK stuff
you don't think there's gonna be an
amazing billion dollar company that's an
application through texting eight
trillion people in two seconds HEC
Twitter is that now right um so the fact
that matter is where this world is going
on June 16 2008 um people need to
recognize companies need to recognize
that word of mouth is absolutely more
explosive more powerful than ever let's
talk about the biggest socialite in 1998
a decade ago heck let's go to 2001 the
biggest socialite you knew could only do
so much damage with her or his
word-of-mouth
what 30 60 80 an email is fine but very
very spammy but in a world where you
connect to people and you have the
option if you want to follow them or not
word of mouth now isn't a greater impact
to every business and brand than it's
ever been in my opinion and it's going
to continue that way and so that's
what's really important now for people
to understand how powerful word of mouth
is how important word of mouth is and
how people's reach what their word of
mouth has expanded to levels we've never
seen before or could comprehend where
people have 40 50 thousand followers
when do you think what
excuse me what do you think is going to
happen when real life non-internet
brands get involved with things like
Twitter when Lindsay Lohan when Tom
Cruise when Oprah Winfrey has a billion
followers on a Twitter like product I
mean what do you think is gonna happen
the impact the speed anybody using these
new technologies knows what I'm talking
about now
doctor listen 99% of the world doesn't
know about this yet what happens in the
next 24 36 48 months when the rest of
the world catches up and starts using
these social tools to get third
word-of-mouth into a greater space the
whole marketing and branding of brands
is gonna go upside down flip and
newspaper ads and billboards and radio
spots are gonna seem very unsexy and
brands where are you coca-cola Gillette
Procter & Gamble which is Gillette I
mean where are you where are you
leveraging these brands now why are you
not testing the waters in a much bigger
way when word-of-mouth now is so
powerful when no longer is it just a
celebrity pitching your product anymore
when three or four common folk with a
lot of following on the Internet can do
that kind of damage where are you
word-of-mouth 2.0 is the future
