hey some of those like big setups hey
I'm gay but let's just keep it Mon no
editing hey guys first and foremost what
I'm doing right now is thank you so much
before anything else for all the
communication I'm just so thankful for
all the emails and tweets and Facebook
statuses by the way the Facebook stuff
is really easy to communicate with us
facebook.com slash Gary
gry come say hey come say hey and say
that you saw this video I'd love to say
I have some time tonight after the Thin
Lizzy to play got to spend time with the
family number one I want to talk about
something it's funny this is probably a
passed around cuz I think this is
actually good good thought and all that
stuff in the beginning is gonna kind of
confuse them so just how I do it folks
it's just real so I know social media
worst thing that ever happened to social
media is the word media I want to talk
about that for a second because the word
media is in there now that I've spent
over a year with vaynermedia spending a
lot of times with different clients and
different agencies everybody wants
metrics everybody wants ROI and I think
that's extremely valid and I get it and
ironically there's plenty of things like
HootSuite and sprinkler and radian6 and
Nielsen's has its own version so should
we get you know stats are out there
hold on Justin don't leap I know it's
your anniversary don't leave but I think
the worst thing that ever happened to
social media is this word media because
what I do doesn't feel a whole lot like
media you know what I do what our
clients like the NHL and the nets and
the Jets that have been successful in
this space are doing what brands like
Zappos and Starbucks and Forbes afford
excuse me and and and Comcast and other
brands that have gotten credit or some
love Old Spice for being involved in
this whole thing are doing doesn't feel
a whole lot like media to me it really
doesn't you know it feels like customer
service it feels like giving a crap and
and I'm really curious it's one of these
things that I'm really number one like
you would call the internet the world
wide web I have a funny feeling and the
reason I called mom we just taped a
bunch of wine line B TVs I'm not get in
here I'm a weird feeling that social
media is gonna be rebranded I really do
I just don't feel like it's gonna be
called social media now it feels like
socially
we're one of the big things that we're
doing with a lot of clients is we're
extending in their media meaning we're
taking the banner ads we're taking the
print and the radio and the television
campaigns or extending the story into
the web and that feels a little social
media like to me you know you're taking
the creative and you're making it more
engaging you're sending it somewhere
where you're collecting the data and
you're interacting has a lot of value
but it doesn't feel like media when
you're answering people's question
because I never saw a television
commercial or a billboard or a newspaper
article answer a question or help when
they return or give a reason you got it
Kaymer you got it I'm sorry you're gonna
be bad for the but there's a lot going
on it it just never felt to me as though
what I've been doing is media I've done
media my whole life I bought billboards
I bought banner ads I bought newspaper
ads what I've been doing for the last
four years for my brand for my company
for my show and now for my clients
doesn't feel like media to me I just
think the word is wrong you know and I I
just predict that it's going to change
and I think that it's really hurting a
lot of people and I think a lot of
agencies and a lot of PR companies and a
lot of brand managers and a lot of
companies need to think about this
thought I'm actually a little bit
disappointed that this was so
scatterbrained because it's gonna
confuse a lot of people but I hope you
get the Genesis and a thesis of this
conversation which is that social media
is misbranded and by its terminology
it's confusing people they're trying to
find out the ROI which is great but it's
the same ROI as earned media and
guerilla marketing you know chatter is
gonna cause some sales and you're gonna
be able to tie that in and that's coming
but I think what's much more important
is what's the ROI on your relationship
with your best friend you know I'm
curious about that what's the ROI on
opening the door for a woman who's
holding two bags or when a lady gets on
a train you getting up and giving her
that seat what's the ROI of manners
what's the ROI of actually caring that
extra thank you that extra hello smiling
at the register what's the ROI
