hello everybody this is Gary Vaynerchuk
and today is November 15th and this is
my 120 and I've got two big things to
talk about let's first go to the UK
where it looks like our Prince Harry
three-year relationship with Chelsea
Davey has come to an end and is it
because the paparazzi you know the
mirror and the star out there have
caught him cheating on the side
uh-uh this is more about new technology
now it's changing our world more and
more every day and people are not
realizing it this is an instance of him
texting a little flirty-flirty action to
somebody on the side and she getting
wind of it it's unbelievable but if
nothing else what you should realize is
that technology has changed our worlds
and there is no privacy all of us you me
all of us we are now part of the
paparazzi world anybody can be caught
doing anything now you do anything it is
probably being caught and it's gonna
probably get worse but what's next is
there gonna be a Google Buy in my brain
and if I see a pretty girl my wife's
gonna know about it
the world's changing recognize part two
and this is something that's really kind
of interesting you hate to kind of pee
on somebody who did something nice to
you for you excuse me but CNN did a nice
story on wine 2.0 and gave me a big
spread and big feature and I kind of was
interested because somebody emailed me
about four hours after the story was
released I was like how did I not know
about this that's because CNN was not
sending any traffic to Wine Library TV
because they weren't linking us up as a
matter of fact more importantly there
was three or four other small sites that
could really use the traffic and they
didn't link to them either and so it got
me thinking I did a little homework talk
to some of my boys
Alex HTML and you know what they said
that they've gotten some big stories
from mainstream media and never got any
link love hey mainstream media what were
you thinking I mean what what well you
know Time magazine I had a beg for my
link I mean this is why your mainstream
and not hip and not cool because you got
a give to get it was nice to see The
Wall Street Journal adding Digg buttons
as an example of a bigger company maybe
starting to get it
you don't want to give love you're not
gonna get any love I'll end you with
that
