let's play two is the title of my Gary
Vaynerchuk com video today and I'm gonna
go into something that I think is
extremely interesting and I'm gonna
break it down for you cuz I like to give
specifics I don't want to just preach to
you first of all hope everybody had a
phenomenal phenomenal weekend please
make sure you hug and kiss every family
member you have that is what life is all
about and what was very ironic about
this weekend for me was that yesterday I
spent 13 hours in a room drafting
fantasy baseball players with a bunch of
my friends and that's where I want to
break it down how fantasy baseball is a
clincher and still an essential part in
today's age 2008 March 31st to a lot of
baseball fans a lot of people want to
talk about tradition and hotdogs and in
our culture and America America's sport
and the steroid era people hitting home
runs is why a lot of people got back
into baseball when I tell you right now
on a gut feeling and I might not be
right but I've got a strong feeling I
pay attention twenty to forty percent of
the people that watch baseball today
have fantasy baseball implications and
fantasy sports for football scam a huge
Jets fan so if you're a huge fan of the
Yankees or the Red Sox or Cubs or
whoever you are maybe for you it's not
but for a vast majority of Americans
right now most people are watching
sports especially baseball and football
because the fantasy implications and
that is the secondary market that I want
to talk to you about I don't talking
about fantasy sports I want to talk to
you about how your company or your
personal brand because now remember
every one of you is now a company your
personal brand Tom Stevens Johnny
Johnson what if you're a great coder at
a company right now and the market dips
and we do have a recession you get let
go and nobody knows about you why
weren't you block blogging or talking
about some of your personal ideas
everybody should be building their
personal brand it is your best
recession-proof mechanism anyway back to
the topic fantasy sports are the reason
I watch baseball I love the Jets and
that's why I watch football but for
basketball and hockey I fallen off
considerably over the last decade I
don't know every basketball player
anymore had I be playing fantasy
basketball every year I guarantee you
that I would I know minor league players
in baseball backups I know them all
strictly because of fantasies
for San at books what keeps me um you
know captivated now the NFL has done a
much better job than baseball they have
the red zone cam right because
somebody's about to score on directv on
all their channels they have savantis
eSports implications ESPN those fantasy
sports uh you know things for football
much more than they do for baseball if
you pay attention I think baseball has
missed a huge opportunity to build it
into there ballparks into their
marketing into the way they go out after
fans huge mistake huge mistake by Major
League Baseball by not embracing it more
there should be a lot more activities
around fantasy baseball for baseball
because I think your growth would be
higher and you're more potential back to
the real point secondary business why
your social networks important for every
company a lot of people say to me Gary
what social network should I be on when
they asked me to consult for them all of
them shouldn't you be everywhere you can
it's like saying Gary here's a great
question you're gonna love these guys
asking what social networks to be on
it's like asking ten years ago should I
only advertise on radio or newspaper or
television or guerilla marketing all of
them dummy we need to be everywhere
where people are so many people you know
the huge you could be in Brazil right
now if you'd go after bebo there's a lot
of opportunities a lot of mixed social
networks there's a Russian classmate
site that's on top 65 websites in the
world you want to be big in Russia you
can go there in a heartbeat and be that
king of that domain um there's just so
many opportunities to leverage social
networks and other opportunities but if
we're going to go even more classic with
your business if you're a lawyer if
you're an accountant a landscaper
understand that there's second-tier
opportunities in your business there's
other some markets going around that can
actually help you build your personal
brand or your company's brand and brand
building my friends is the key to
everything coca-cola they've been
screwing up that company for 15 years
damn and made one good decision they've
missed every market trend and there's
still a huge company once you build
brand equity understand it is very very
hard to lose it and to break it it's
harder than you think once you get there
the climb up is hard but getting down is
even harder believe it or not so what am
I trying to really recap because I've
shot a lot of different things you know
brains on Monday what do you want me
it's raining let me show you it's kind
of gloomy out there but you know i'm
excited because the fact of the matter
is is this it is so clear to me that
fantasy baseball is a multi-million
dollar if not billion dollar impact on
regular baseball and an exuberant like
this exuberance inside because that
means to me like oh my god like when i
hit me today i was like you know sir
brian my good friend brian l wanted me
to do this title let's play too and i'm
sure they wanted me to go in a different
direction but when it hit me was like
you know what what is out there for the
wine industry that I'm missing out it
wears that subculture maybe it's wedding
registries right that just hit me right
now I mean every wedding needs wine help
right why don't I do five shows on wine
to do with weddings on wine library TV
that would be very viral and a lot of
wedding websites would use that think
about where you can crawl and where you
can hang out where you maybe don't
belong maybe that's why this wine video
blogger got so involved in social media
in the first place right does it look
like you belong but you're wrong you
belong in every market now think about
which ones can work for you
