I'm gonna go a little bit more into
being true to yourself and to your brand
and understanding your DNA because
that's really what I think in this new
world of you know transparency is going
to be the key to any success of a
personal brand or a business or in life
uh you know I'm gonna talk specifically
about me a lot of people saying you know
theories how about some hard facts you
know I want to be a hard facts kind of
guy so I'll talk about my personal brand
it starts with understanding your DNA
and I understand myself very very well
or at least I hope I do and what do I
mean by that is you know I'm an East
Coast guy and we're growing up in the
New York metro area I'm extremely
emanated animated animated very
over-the-top and just full of energy and
no Red Bull no coffee
nothing no soda I'm just there I'm ready
to rock it out kill it that's just who I
am I know that and so when I do my video
blog for Wine Library TV I know the
first 20 seconds I lose people they're
like this guy's a clown it's cuz an
idiot he's too over-the-top and now as
i'm doing more garyvaynerchuk.com stuff
i'm sure some people would say that as
well as a matter of fact you know my
video I'm the uh what was it on being
good beats evil made front-page dig and
you know those diggers they're gonna get
you so you know you have to know who you
are
I know my voice captures some people the
wrong way I Know Who I am and so here's
where it gets interesting because I Know
Who I am and because I know how I come
off and because I'm not lying to myself
about the way I come off and Who I am on
video I need to get out there do you
understand people ask me why do you work
so hard why do you answer everybody's
email they're not gonna care nobody else
does it Kevin Rose I just seen Scoble
none these people do that not that I'm
on the class of any of those people but
um none of those people do that um why
do you answer and I get a lot of email
from Wine Library TV unless unlike a lot
of the tech people people blind
questions what to serve with this this
for the wedding this for my birthday do
I like this wine what should I try you
know a lot I open myself up to it right
above Wine Library TV it says email Gary
I'm open for that that's what I do why
do I travel so much why don't go to
every conference
I do these tastings for my fans why am I
so accessible and the answer to my
friends is this it's because I know that
if I can meet people they will get me
better I mean the people that are my
biggest advocates out there probably
weren't before they met me um because
you know even though the energy is so
extreme and over-the-top and could be
obnoxious to some people it's true it's
real and I love people and I love
interacting with them and getting to
know them this link and please scroll
down and click this link is a great
example from a wine industry standpoint
what people thought and reality and I
kind of hit me when I read this link
because I ego serve like all of you cuz
why do I ego surf by the way why do I
want to know what's written about me
because I can jump in and answer if
there's a negative aspect to it and
really give my real answer and again
touch that person virtually I'm a
creature that needs to get out there and
shake hands and kiss babies and hug
people because then people will really
get to know me and that will help me in
life I mean the more somebody really
knows what I'm about and Who I am
the more I'm gonna win every time and my
persona on the internet on my video
blogs because my Energy's so explosive
is sometimes gonna rub people the wrong
way but a lot of times those people that
most react negative to me in the
beginning end up being my closest
friends and so for me it's understanding
my DNA and going out there and hanging
out with people and doing the right
thing and coming from the heart and
trying to help people every time I roll
up on peoples are like how did you get
on Conan how did you do this then I'm
always there to try to help people as
much as I possibly can whether it's wine
or life or sports or whatever go Jets um
you know and so you know I try to bring
the Thunder as much as possible that's
why on the you know Santa garyvee thing
I'm giving away thousands of free gifts
units cost me a fortune I don't care
it's all about my heart wanted to do
something fun and crazy and free root
sounded crazy and so I did it and I just
understand who I am and are not lying to
myself and I realize that my best card
to be played is to go out there and meet
people and greet people and talk and
have intellectual conversations and
people realize you know I'm just not
that over-the-top drunky drunk guy you
know I might know me
maybe just a tad or two and I'm
interesting on different levels I care
about my family I generally care about
people instantaneously and I'm an 80/20
guy where I care more about you 80% than
my own and it's just how I'm built that
I'd love to take credit for it but my
mom and dad just slept together on the
right night and dna'd it up so what I
want you to do is maybe you're not the
person that likes people maybe you're
very popular on the internet or in
business right now and you know that if
they got to know you a little bit better
maybe it wouldn't be there as much so
understand who you are play it the way
you need to play it but don't
underestimate the real world you know we
play a lot on Twitter and Facebook and
everything the real world my friends you
know interacting bringing it offline as
they say has enormous value to make that
personal connection you can learn a lot
there's great interaction and that's
what works for me maybe what works for
you is being more creative not doing
video maybe doing um maybe doing uh you
know radio maybe doing my next meeting
maybe doing um you know pictures or
communicating through song don't lie to
yourself embrace who you are DNA it up
and execute the travel is killing me I'm
tired but I know what's important for me
at this point of my life and it's
meeting as many people as possible
because we're in a great gold rush of
community and interaction where Twitter
parties can happen two seconds and you
can live stream through quick amazing
stuff going on I'm enormous ly thankful
thanks for watching this video that
alone is stupid humbling think about
when you're a blogger or video blogger
the fact that people spend time and take
time away from their families in their
lives to listen to what you have to say
or bring to the community think about
how lucky you are that you have that
outlet of voice and people are actually
interested in listening to what you have
to say I will never take that for
granted not a single fan of Wine Library
TV and not a single person that watches
my spiel on garyvaynerchuk.com stay
healthy
kiss your family say hello to somebody
you haven't talked to in a while those
are the things my friends this other
stuff
