hey everybody it's gary vay-ner-chuk and
i am once again inspired here at 11 p.m.
eastern time a big shout out to my wife
Liz EV who allowed me to do this not
only that kind of pushed me to do it she
believed in this thought and I thought
it was exciting I just twittered
something out and that's where I'm going
with this which is the big debate that
I'm willing to raise right now and I'm
asking a lot of people which is that is
Twitter quickly stealing an enormous
amount of Facebook and at the end of the
day a better and bigger app something
that people would find preposterous is
now starting to look very real to me the
quickness of twitter is such a factor
the instant gratification the world is
moving so quickly that the fact that we
can get that response so quickly look
look AOL Instant Messenger still around
and strong right so is Twitter taking a
lot from facebook i noticed a lot of
people I kind of asked you know is that
the case for you and a lot of people
saying yes a lot now why is this now
some people are saying you know no
zombie invites in all the distracting
situations a lot of people saying
facebook seems real slow to them right
now now before you get completely
ridiculous before I make this
preposterous statement let's be honest
facebook has feeds right they've got a
lot of money right they've got a big
noxious talent big shout out to Dave
Morin follow him at at dave morin on
twitter um they need to figure out how
to make their feed Mick mechanism a
Twitter club you know like flat out they
need to figure out how to make their
feed situation a subset of Facebook some
that's quicker better more instantaneous
and we need to be adding each other on
Facebook or I think Twitter and things
like Twitter are really going to start
taking more and more and more of the
market share as mobile becomes far more
important simplicity is going to be
important and I think the simplicity of
Twitter's mobile application is is
dominant I don't know this is really you
know just kind of hit
as I was dealing with it once you get on
that speed of what Twitter does and that
allows you to interact quickly and more
efficiently and that's really what we
want I mean we love to play Scrabble and
there's a lot of things we like to do
and there's definitely that place to go
but that's kind of like going on
vacation do you understand what I'm
saying we spend a little bit more money
on our house than we do in our vacations
so it's just an amazing time where
things seem and can come from anywhere
and in others were off the big high of
South by in Twitter always gets a big
push from there but I think as Twitter
starts getting into mainstream world
because don't get it twisted nobody
knows what Twitter is we do you're
watching right now you do but most
people don't as it starts seeping into
mainstream I think we want to see a real
opportunity for this app to have far
more potential pickups to AB I mean him
and his crew those guys are killing it
every time it feels like even oh do what
they saw before come on let's be honest
they killed it so my question I'm asking
you tonight is is Twitter or something
like Twitter over next five or ten years
and that's being ridiculous over next 24
to 36 months have more upside and more
importantly are you like me and you
fully expect facebook to adjust to this
changing scenario because it's always
changing changing scenario and adjusting
their feed mechanism to look and act and
feel a lot more like the twitter
experience see you later i'm gonna kick
you some more knowledge this gary
vaynerchuk calm stuff we're just not
going to quit uh like P Diddy and Biggie
when I quit
