hey guys I know I look like Emperor from
Star Wars right now but a very high in
the air back from London headed to a New
York City I refer to a video mainly
because I've caught up with my email and
I don't like wasting time I figured you
know it's 2012 it's early boy my hybrid
is looking saving um it's early in the
year and I figured it's almost February
I'm clearly not excited about football
I suppose coming up and I figured you
know what why don't I Rand make a little
garyvaynerchuk.com video see if I could
bring any value just read a bunch of
emails I get a lot of emails from
entrepreneurs who you know a little for
advice trying to figure out how to make
it you know and I think about a lot of
things specially slights when I get a
lot done and I'm just thinking thinking
about my life thinking about what I want
to accomplish and figured you know hit
record see what comes out of this see if
there's any value for anybody I think
people underestimate DNA a lot you know
I think that a lot of my success happens
because I was born with it
I also think that people underestimate
how insanely obvious it is for some
people and how murky it is for others
what I mean by that is it's always been
obvious to me it's always been obvious
what caused success what I needed to do
you know every time I watch content the
internet on television watched over the
other night Lizzie was watching I was
working she was interviewed George Lucas
and he was saying the same shit same
shit I always say same shit I hear from
everybody who wins you know I think the
fear of losing Trump's the excitement of
victory for so many people I think
people are so scared you know it's kind
of like hitting on girls you know I uh I
get it right because I kind of was more
scared of hitting on girls than I was in
winning in business I was much more
fearless
in executing business models than I was
about going up to a girl and getting
shot down nobody wants the
section nobody wants to lose so I
understand the philosophy I understand
that string of DNA that doesn't want to
make you lose but I'm so desperate to
figure out how to convince people that
there is no loss and going for it that
yeah you might get made fun of and you
might have it in your own mind but
trying to figure out how to make people
drop that fear of going and building a
business for themselves in 2012 trying
to figure out how to make a video or
give a talk or send a tweet or write a
book just something that makes people
understand that executing the way it
always is following the school business
model just such warship is going to lead
you to a place where you're not going to
win um or that is a place where you're
going to win meaning some people are
meant to be B&C players some of you are
not meant to you know go out and win you
know I think this whole like if you try
it will come to you there's such worship
I'm worried that people are confused
that you know effort or the secret or
hustle is enough because it's not it's
part of the equation but talent and
skills and the ability to work hard and
having thick skin do you know how
noxious Lee think my skin is when it
comes to businessman give fuck what
anybody says about me or thinks of me or
thinks what I'm doing when it comes to
business because I trust my intuition
one could really in percent I know that
I'm built to win when it comes to
business I always win I'm gonna win and
people that don't understand my style or
don't think that I'm doing the right
thing or think that vaynermedia is a
dumb idea because it's good you know
it's a it's client services they just
don't know me they don't understand what
I'm going to do they don't understand
that it's early people just understand
how early it is 36 I'm a kid you know
shit but I want to be 25 like AJ fuck
you
but I'm 36 and 6 years I'll be 42 do you
know how much I'm gonna do in the next
six years just worry that people don't
have patience I worry that people don't
tap into their strengths my strengths is
that I tell stories I strike this that I
understand people my strength is that I
understand how to build organizations to
succeed my strength is that I understand
that people is what are.what foundation
of any business is my strength is that I
give a crack yeah I care about myself
can work I actually care about you as
well my strength is that I'm a
communicator but I'm showing that I know
how to brand that I'm willing to work
with dickless lis heart that I have
intuition on where things are going that
I worked tirelessly to listen to people
that I think know where things are going
that I engage that I genuinely care that
I'm willing to sit here right now and
make this video hoping that one fucker
one fucker says oh shit yeah like
fucking fuck mom fuck professor Tom fuck
what the intuition of other people is
I'm gonna listen to mine the
establishment the blueprint fuck all
that she's gonna listen to myself listen
to yourself always wins
do I have angst sure I'm calling out
myself every day the last six or seven
years telling everybody I'm gonna buy
the Jets I gotta roll Billy's deep 36
getting older worrying about like the
time but still betting on patience
betting on I've been right betting that
I get better every year
betting that the 2006 version of me that
was so cocky that rolled with massive
bravado is a punk compared to the 2012
version because that's the truth keep
getting better I'm betting on that I
continue to listen continue stay humble
while still being obnoxiously confident
I'm betting with the world's changing
and I'm paying attention understanding
that you got to play that money ball
game which means data's the game
but please queue on top of that matters
betting that all the good that I'm
trying to give everybody comes back to
me if somebody that I affected opens a
door for me
betting that people on networking with
now on a daily basis from nine and p.m.
to 2:00 in the morning open up doors
open up opportunities open up my mind
betting that the work I put in
operationally on vaynermedia is gonna
pay dividends is it sexy no am i turning
down things like TV yes am i less famous
little more quiet little more off the
grid absolutely am I happy that I'm
executed and that I'm making should
happen and I'm building a business one
good trillion percent gotta get a lot of
things my friends got I got a lot of
things but most of all betting on my
community community is the last great
asset when you play all these chess
moves out it's going to be the only
thing left the people that give a shit
about you and the people that you give a
shit about they're going to open up the
opportunities the doors the business
opportunity the life opportunities and
I'll always bet on that I believed in
that till the end so I sit here and give
this seven-minute 37 second rant to you
because anything real and authentic and
honest matters I think I'm good enough
to win and I think you're good enough to
win at your level am I gonna win at the
ultimate biggest guy of all time Keats
sucks Buffett probably not a more
charismatic than loving and more
interesting than those characters think
so do I have enough to get me to a Billy
I think so but is that 40 billion no are
you good enough to get two hundred
thousand four hundred thousand I think
so just sat here read a hundred emails
from people that will make it forty
fifty K 30 K read crushing read thank
you kind of got inspired by me but I was
a spark I was the one that had that
insane thing that I have in me that made
them say hmm you know things that make
you go home a certain sorry but then
they had it in them and so when I make
this video what's coming from my heart
right now is maybe you're watching this
and saying
maybe I need to hedge you know if you
work from eating p.m. to 4:00 in the
morning will your dreams come true no
you might not be good enough you might
have not picked the right product but
are we living in a world in 2012 it's so
much better than your parents and
grandparents and great-grandparents
generation because assholes like me can
make videos when I'm thirty thousand
fucking feet in the air yes and because
of that and because of those
opportunities because we're networked in
a way we've never seen before and
because sending an email to one hundred
people and one will answer and give you
a shot matters because of that
opportunity because of 2012 I beg you I
beg you to take a shot roll up on that
hot chick in a bar and ask her out roll
up on that good-looking dude and ask him
for coffee roll up on your business idea
and make it happen because being 50 60
70 80 90 and having regrets that you
didn't swing the bat it's the worst of
them all our at-bat is in front of us
take a swing
