man there's a lot of room on this stage
I can do some crazy stuff thank you so
so much for having me here today I
really wanted to be here today today
actually a year ago was marked out of my
calendar as sit at home don't travel
don't do anything this is the most
important day of the year in 2011 don't
book anything I didn't execute that how
many people in this audience knew who
Joe Theismann was before I came out
raise your hand
excellent how many of you know who I am
raise your hand oh you do nice t-shirt
that hurts the ego but explains
everything and excites me and and by the
way the reason I decided to do this talk
on the day that was most important to me
the day that my new book comes out the
one that I think will create a lot of
legacy for me is because I felt that
this crowd would not know who I was and
more importantly I thought that my
message could be extremely extremely
important so knowing that most people
weren't going to know who I am I decided
to start with my backstory I'll give a
couple minutes of that and then we'll
get into what the Thank You economy is
and how it affects your business I was
born in a in Belarus in the former
Soviet Union and my family emigrated
here when I was 3 years old it was very
very difficult
we were extremely poor as a matter of
fact this stage is dramatically bigger
than the studio apartment that me and my
grandparents parents and
great-grandparents lived in it was
difficult mainly because great-grandma
was kind of crazy
um but also because we had no cash we
didn't speak the language grandma got
mugged a weekend and Queens New York was
not the paved streets of gold that my
Russian parents thought it was going to
be it was the late 70s it was the Carter
years my dad was a construction worker
in Russia that's what he thought he was
going to do in the US but clearly that
was
gonna happen the great uncle that was
going to kind of take care of us my
dad's great-uncle while we were in Italy
getting our visas changed because I
don't know if you remember but Russia
and America weren't best friends back
then so it took a while to get here they
wanted to make sure I wasn't a spy he
died so that didn't work out um for
anybody um and we came to the US and it
was a struggle this great uncle of my
dad's was very well-off and he owned a
small liquor store in New Jersey so
that's pretty much what my dad did he
commuted from Queens New York to at
Clark New Jersey I still make fun of him
because I'm convinced that he spent more
on gas than he was getting paid and he
started our lives for us and between my
dad's hard work and I didn't know my dad
until I was 14 and we'll get to that in
a minute and the fact that my mom how do
I put this smartly is the greatest human
being of all time and instilled so much
thank you and instilled so much
self-confidence in me that it should
probably be illegal and is clearly the
foundation of everything I'm going to
achieve in my life we start our lives we
moved to Edison New Jersey when we were
when I was six and I went outside and I
barely spoke English I was learning how
to speak English through Scooby Doo and
the price is right so I do some weird
words I went outside and all the kids
and funny to follow Theismann all the
kids outside were playing football and
they asked me you know who who I was a
fan of I had no idea my one friend
looked at me and said you're a Jets fan
I said I'm a Jets fan and since then I
I've watched every single play that the
New York Jets have had and thank you
Jeff fans and you know I will let you
know that the tie in between Joe and I
is that Joe played for a professional
football team and in about 26 years I'm
going to buy one
you know it's kind of funny when you
look like me
you realize around fifth grade that
you're more likely to buy a football
team than play for one so that wasn't
going to be what I was going to do
anyway had a great childhood
besides playing football with my friends
my entrepreneurial and business career
started in Edison um I had seven
lemonade stands when I was six years old
so I had a lemonade stand
franchise how many how many people here
remember the big wheels you know got it
yeah those were awesome I used to drive
my big wheels around Edison New Jersey
to pick up my cash like I was Tony
Soprano it's crazy I learned a lot of
business lessons there this one kid Eric
Conrad his parents were divorced I
didn't understand I was so little I
understand why he would be in our
neighborhood in the summer but not in
the winter he would come every summer he
was a baller he would make his own signs
he was a hustler I'm sure he's doing
well now and I learned my first lesson
he would you know I would give them all
50 cups cups or a quarter was easy math
he would steal cash he would take some
but he sold so much more than everybody
else that I never got rid of them and so
it's very funny what you can learn and
I've used that concept you know it still
to this day so it's funny what you can
learn and where I really started
learning business was when I was 12
years old because when I was 12 years
old I started a massive baseball card
business and I was selling a thousand to
two thousand dollars a weekend in the
malls of New Jersey and that was
tremendous you know I had like $10,000
cash under my bed when I was 12 and let
me tell you something when you're 12 and
you have 10 G's of cash under your bed
and you're not selling weed you're doing
a good job very good job so I was happy
about that that was awesome
and then I turned 14 and my dad ruined
my life he walked in he said you're
going to work today I said what I have a
baseball card show he said no you don't
you don't mess with Russian immigrant
dad's I decided I should probably go if
I wanted to continue growing so we
we we went to the liquor store I cried
the whole drive home to the store cried
caught real cry 14 I'm proud I cry cry
devastated dad how much are you gonna
pay me two bucks an hour I started
crying much harder and I proceeded to
spend ten hours in a basement bagging
ice and made twenty bucks for the day
instead of going to the mall hanging out
with friends and girls and selling
baseball cards
clearly my life had took in a bad turn
and this is what I did for the next two
years it was devastating
I hated it and my life from 14 to 16
professionally was dark and then
something light came in my dad let me go
upstairs prior to that how many people
in this room raise your hands because I
came on my biggest day of the year to be
here with you so don't me give
me your full hand give me your full hand
how many of you have seen the movie
Goonies raise your hand
awesome do you guys remember that guy's
sloth that's who I was I was like
chained to the basement for two years it
was pretty devastating
I finally got upstairs dusting bottles
all this good stuff learning hating
funny really you know my back to my mom
who's the foundation of my life she
looked at me she's she so I have a 20
month old daughter named Nisha and I
think about it every day that I want to
role the way my mom rolled because she's
just unstop I wish she was on stage
right now this is what my mom did loved
me full-pledged and that's what i'ma
talk about with the Thank You economy
from a business standpoint she loved me
so full pledged that on my fifth summer
around my 15th birthday she called me
over I walked over she said can hear
said yeah mom she said she looked at me
and she said promise me that you will
never drink smoke or do drugs I said I
promise mom and I executed and that was
it like that's that's how unstoppable
she was and and I just think about it
every day so funny how much it ties into
the way I do business
I finally was able to come upstairs and
I didn't want a drink right because my
mom told me not to so I wasn't
interested all my friends in high school
were like dude hook it up they want to
come over steal
stop it's a whole mess right I was like
she's luckily was far away or I would
have had some struggles um and so I was
bored I think here about Budweiser or
absolute or any of this stuff but we had
wine we were shoppers discount liquors
back then but we were near summits you
know Short Hills Livingston New Jersey
very affluent area so there was some
wine interest and how many people here
from Jersey loved it
Daugherty jurors baby um so we had some
nice areas and people came in and asked
wine and then my life changed very
special day about 25 people came in and
asked for the same thing came as special
select 1990 Cabernet Sauvignon it was
the Wine Spectator wine of the year and
finally you know people coming in we had
sold out of it the prior week because it
just got announced and finally you know
people coming in do you have it knowing
they're leaving and you know the
entrepreneurial DNA is like going off
and like this sucks this is not good
business I don't like this we have like
six parking spots and they're all taken
up by people that can't buy something
I'm like I'm gonna take a back order we
didn't have a back water system but I
didn't care because I was going to
school on Monday
so guy next guy that comes in I'm
getting a backwater guy comes in sir
what's your name
you know dude dude got his name address
phone number how much would you like
I'll take ten cases so I'm like man this
guy's an alcoholic I was like are you
gonna drink all that are you having a
party
he goes gonna know I collect wine I was
it at that moment I can you know I can
you know how like when big things happen
you can reckon literally I remember the
weird t-shirt I was wearing I was
sitting in the middle store my life
changed because I saturn's
because at this point I wanted to help
my family business as any good Punk
entrepreneur kid you think everything
your dad is doing is wrong right and I
see all these things that I can fix but
I wasn't interested in the subject
matter right I was already thinking
about what was I gonna do when I
converted this whole thing into a
baseball card store right I'll put the
basketball cards where the beer is so so
basically it changed right there I said
wait a minute
Wayne Gretzky Frank Thomas Joe Theismann
you know silver oak Chateau Latour
Camus same stuff I can do this so
literally at that moment I was like
that's it
I will become the greatest wine retailer
of all time that's what I thought and
that's what I went on to execute I
started learning about wine no 16 year
old should know as much about the Loire
Valley in France as I did
it was super unhealthy I was one of the
worst all-time students ever um mainly
because because of the self-esteem my
mom gave me this might have backfired on
her I was so ridiculously confident and
I so knew what was going to happen
that I realized that high school was the
last vacation I was ever going to have
so I really took full advantage of that
so you know I learned about wine I
literally would sit in science class and
read the Wall Street Journal and the
Wine Spectator I was a complete anomaly
my teachers really struggled with
figuring me out um you know I was just
very confident I I went to school in
Boston for college when I finished I
came down
in 2000 1998 I know I don't like Boston
they have the Patriots boo um I came
down and I took over operations while I
was a junior in college I launched
winelibrary.com I wanted to change my
dad's store from shoppers discount
liquors to wine library but he wouldn't
let me so I figured I'd register to calm
because dad doesn't get it that's where
the world's going and eventually be so
important and that's what will be win so
we rebranded to winelibrary.com
and from 1998 to 2005 I grew the
business from a four to A forty five
million dollar business so I executed
right thank you it was awesome
don't clap for me clap for my brother AJ
because I had to buy my own car but he
got a Lexus not better and a basketball
court and I bought him xbox two weeks
before it came out I had to buy my own
Sega Genesis anyway
it's actually can I be honest with you
guys I've never told this actually I'll
be read this is I feel comfortable with
you already do you know why I spoiled my
brother AJ cuz he's 11 years younger me
so that he wouldn't be as hungry as I am
so I could beat him is that bad is it
bad it is bad I see come alright I'm
sorry
AJ I love you if you're watching this um
you should see me getting competitive
with my 20 month old daughter anyway um
so I executed you know I was in all
these papers I was the guy and here's
where I feel real connection to you guys
I built that business in a traditional
way
I built that with billboards with radio
with print with local TV ads bus stop
ads benches you know those things right
um I did that stuff that's how I built
that business and then I learned a lot
along the way see I launched calm in 97
and my lead developer sat next to me and
around 2003 all of a sudden I could
taste things were changing see my whole
career I've been able to see where
things are going the reason I'm going to
be successful in a big way is strictly
based on DNA I can just taste it I can
literally taste it I know right now as I
stand in front of you that if I
wanted to cash in everything and start a
business around smart refrigerators that
I could make a billion dollars because
your refrigerator in seven years will
reorder your products for you they will
scan the barcodes in your refrigerator
they will email or electronically send
to the retailer of your choice that
you've only got one pepsi left in your
fridge and it will be in your doorstep I
know that to be fact right now but it's
about execution and timing isn't it
right it's about execution and timing I
don't win in business because I'm
rah-rah and I'm funny and I'm you know
and I'm dramatically good-looking that
is not why I win in business I win
because I have a good sense of timing I
can see where things are going but I
know when they're too soon for example I
am pumped right now that television is
in such a funny spot TV is so weird I'm
wrapped by CIA the biggest agency in
Hollywood they think they're so cool
today right they're like see we read all
the articles this fall that Google TV
was going to take over right we all read
those things in some paper TV was going
to be disrupted and it didn't happen
more TV is watched right now I went to
see a the other day the guy goes see you
know they think of me as the punk New
Wave kid right
they're like see Gary Moore did you see
the stats more people watch TV in
December than ever before I looked him
dead in the face and said yeah and guess
what more people bought horses the day
before the car was invented there was
more horses purchased for transportation
the year before the car was invented I
don't know how many of you have seen
somebody walk down the street and a
horse not many innovations tough to see
it's about timing TV is not going to be
disrupted today because until you walk
into your home and you take your iPad or
your cell phone and you hit one button
and it starts playing on your television
none of us are gonna do all the trinkets
and you know Apple TV and wiring we're
not nerds we don't know how to do that
but we sure do know how to come in and
just take out our phone and hit one
button and watch a video and when it's
that easy for Sally Arkansas and for
Timmy San Francisco and Johnny New York
it's going to be disruptive it's going
to happen I know it and so in 1997 when
I launched winelibrary.com I knew the
world was changing in 2003 I started
tasting
what people are talking about today I
saw things like Friendster which was pre
myspace I started seeing YouTube and o4
and I'm like this thing is really
interesting cuz people liked videos and
I could just tell something was
happening this wasn't the internet that
I grew up with in 97 and please know one
thing my friends please just because I'm
on the younger side conceivably I did
not grow up tech I didn't have a
computer until I was 20 years old I hate
computer nerds a lot how many people
here and be honest I didn't invent it
how many people here think Twitter is
stupid don't lie raise your hand damn
more than know Joe Theismann Western
Union in 1883 said the telephone was not
a viable commercial product the reason
they said that because they didn't want
it to be the reason so many of you
raised your hand right now is because
you don't understand what Twitter means
and I'm not advocating and I don't think
you're wrong you know your business is
I'm not here to preach it do you know
why everybody thinks Twitter is stupid
even in my tech field in oh-6 when I was
going bullish on it and even like the
tech nerdy's at all talk about it today
we're like this is stupid because it is
of human nature to think about what
you're going to say all of you want to
talk every business wants to talk we
want to push our message and our agenda
our phone numbers our websites
buy my stuff so when you saw or heard
about Twitter first you said this is
stupid
why would anybody care that I'm drinking
a coke or eating a pizza this is dumb
nobody cares that I'm walking the dog
what I use Twitter for and why I today
have almost 900,000 followers and I'm in
the top 300 people followed on Twitter
in the world yet six people raised their
hand to know who I was in this room and
nobody knows who I am and by far the
least famous of the people that have
that kind of level of followship is
because I knew it wasn't about talking
it's about listening
the Thank You economy's about listening
you guys have all been in business and
I've never had a listening platform for
100 plus years the only way business had
to communicate was by talking it's not
your fault it's the way the game was it
is not your fault but guess what it's
about to change it has already changed
for many and it's about to change for
all of you this reminds me so much of
your 2000 you don't have been a year
2000 the internet on the Wall Street
collapsed and you know what happened
everybody thought the internet was a fad
let me ask you guys a question this is
last time going to a couple questions
with hands I'm paying attention to the
edges don't think I'm gonna get away
from me I'm paying attention to you how
many people in this room said the
following thing please don't lie I am
never getting a facebook account why
would I ever need one that stupid raise
you're here now please hi I want
everybody look around look around hi
just curious of those people who said
that to themselves how many of you have
a Facebook account raise your hand how
about this doozy and I think this is
good because usually when I'm in
nineteen year old crowds it's a little
harder this is gonna really work but
you're not going to want to raise your
hand but honesty is the only way or
you're gonna lose how many of you said I
am never getting a cellphone fifteen
years ago why would I want anybody to
contact me anytime they want I'm never
going to get a cellphone that stupid
raise your hands
don't lie raise them how many of you do
not have a cellphone raise your hand no
no does anybody here not have a
cellphone I am very proud of you
you also freak me out here's what we do
we're human beings you know we all do we
draw huge lines in the sand I'm not
gonna do that I'm not gonna do this I'm
not gonna do that
I'm not gonna do any of that I'm gonna
buy the New York Jets because I know
exactly what you're going to do that you
say you're not and that's where the
opportunities lie and let me tell you
something right now if you want to sell
something in 2012 you need to be on
social media and the web in the way it
looks today period end of story
not because I want you to as a matter of
fact I don't think I want you to I'd
prefer to take some of the market share
I may jump in and it's not the only
thing you will have to do I respect
keeping the pace of the way you've done
it I very much think you don't have to I
think you should but you don't have to
there's a million ways to skin a cat and
you may not be comfortable and you
should always execute against your DNA
but how many people here are retiring
within the next five years 100% retiring
in the next five years raise your hand
okay I'm gonna be a little less some of
you are young what are you guys looking
to retire for hustling is awesome be
just suck bro all right any way that I'd
be a little less concerned about but if
you're looking to go long-term here are
some of the numbers you need to pay
attention to there is more content being
produced today in 48 hours then has been
Proust from the beginning of mankind
until 2003 let's talk about that one
more time from the beginning of my con
you know the guy took the club hit girls
I mean fought dinosaurs from the
beginning of time till 2003 that was
like five minutes ago
there was this much content produced now
every 48 hours that much is produced no
wonder our kids have a BD poor guys what
that means my friends is one thing it is
going to be difficult to break through
it's going to be difficult to break
through and it is my belief that we're
dawning an age where the only thing
that's going to break through is quality
in ten
actually caring about the end-user and
you know why cuz it's scalable for the
first time let me give you scenario
somebody walks into a restaurant in New
York City has an amazing time she's the
biggest Yenta on the Upper East Side all
time she has a great time how much
people did she tell 10 years ago maybe
she calls 10 girlfriends right maybe she
has a t on Park Avenue and could tell 15
people maybe she's even hardcore and
writes a couple letters now the most
awkward introvert who lives in his mom's
basement can go home and tell 6000 with
one link that is a substantial
difference
I was never bless you darling I was
never going to become the wine guy of
America in the way the old world worked
because I was never going to leave my
family I love my family I wasn't moving
to LA to be discovered so I had to be
there but I sent the stock boy to Best
Buy buy a $300 camera and started
pumping out Wine Library TV every single
day and that's how I built to get on the
Conan O'Brien show and Ellen and
Nightline all from Jersey for my office
because the world is connected today in
a way that is so uncomfortable it's
incredible and the ecosystem is
word-of-mouth think about how how much
of your business in this industry is
done on word-of-mouth
I just bought a huge co-op in New York
City why word of mouth
you know it's personal relationships
that close the day in every business
especially this industry and it is
inconceivable for me to think that so
many people in this room would not want
to go into the trenches of a marketers
dream
there's somebody right now how many
people here go to search twitter.com
every single day raise your hand every
day there are 12 people in here that are
doing that the fact that you can now
have those 12 people how many of you
know that you can go to search Twitter
calm then leave a space to whatever word
and what this does is allows you to
search words on Twitter so you could
search looking for an apartment or
looking to sell my place or whatever
people say which is everything by the
way how many of you that do that every
day know that you can hit a space and
then put near : any
or : and a zip code raise your hand now
that's a lot less there you'll darling
good job that's a lot less and all of a
sudden in a business that is local and
you're looking to sell in a specific
area so now you can search if you only
sell in Beverly Hills every conversation
that is in a 10 mil 10 minute 10 mile
radius of Beverly Hills and those
conversations have just become extremely
more valuable to you I spent millions of
dollars when I started looking at the
data of this company of the average
spend on advertising by an agent by you
guys it's incredible to me I got excited
I was like wait a minute there's a real
opportunity here people are actually
spending money make it really do
something here two years ago I started a
consulting company called vaynermedia we
consult do the social media community
management and strategy for PepsiCo
Campbell's the National Hockey League
Green Mountain Coffee real businesses
this isn't about my sixty million dollar
small entrepreneurial business these are
multi billion dollar fortune 100
companies and I don't walk in there and
talk to them about this stuff because
it's fun or it's interesting and trust
me they care about the ROI way more than
even you do because I'm asking them for
millions of dollars in budget how many
people have heard people ask what's the
ROI of social media raise your hand just
curious
every time somebody asks me that and
that gets asked of me honest everyday
basis what's the ROI of having a Twitter
fan or Gary you want me to spend ten
hours a day on Twitter and Facebook what
am I gonna do my real job what's the ROI
what's the ROI of the Thank You economy
I always ask them some people like well
Gary what's the ROI of social media I go
I don't know what's the ROI of your
mother and I mean that not in a bad way
what is the ROI of your best friend
what's the difference between that
friend that really comes through for you
and the one that doesn't there's a lot
of things you can't put black-and-white
numbers on especially when it's early
remember how many people here laughed at
buying Google Ads or SEO or whatever
else you may be doing today that is a
norm in your business there's plenty of
people that didn't want to use Facebook
or Twitter
here's what's happening my friends let
me paint you the picture you are in the
people business so is everybody in the
world people are now talking publicly on
the web in a way that we've never seen
before your ability to mine it with no
cost to look at the data and interact
with them is zero except the time you
put into it once you create that
emotional context things happen Wine
Library my business let me paint you a
picture of what I think that Thank You
economy is my business Wine Library
we're a big wine shop we've started
following all our customers on Facebook
and Twitter to get more data on who they
are yeah it's big brother but these are
things that they share right they know
people are watching and so here's what
we've done we took a customer the other
day whose last 40 tweets are I love Jay
Cutler don't be mad at Jay Cutler he was
really hurt Jay Cutler will you marry me
he loves Jay Cutler he's a huge Bears
fan right we also saw the data shows
that he's just ordered three times in a
short period of time $10,000 worth of
wine is a great new customer right the
Thank You economy department right by
Kristen Murphy at Wine Library
she went to eBay and bought a signed Jay
Cutler Jersey and we sent it to him in
the mail saying thank you so much for
being a new customer of Wine Library
guys this is a big deal I promise you
that if toys-r-us years ago would have
sent me a Jets helmet signed by Ken
O'Brien
I would have never went to KB stores
once you know Joe talked about the
handwritten notes and all this the
reason I stand in front of you today the
reason my company's continued to grow
the reason vaynermedia in 18 months is a
five million dollar consulting business
well on its way to hundreds of millions
of dollars and we handle some of the
biggest brands in the world is because
we understand what's happening very
early and here's what's happening the
ability and that complete opportunity to
connect with consumers and turn them
into lifetime value consumers is here
and you guys know that you guys as an
industry know that's so much better than
so many other people you know how many
people here have sold multiple locations
let's call it three or more off the
family tree of some person so start with
one person and then it trickled raise
your hand of course because you're good
and you're here of course that's why
when I speak at real estate events it
baffles me that so many people haven't
grasped on to this and I know why
nobody's articulated the value of this
nobody's painted you why this really
matters nobody's been able to execute I
looked at some data on the way here
in the last 15 months 55 percent of all
new homeowners that bought a for home
were 30 years old or younger how do you
think you're gonna talk to them you
think they're gonna get pumped for those
bench ads or billboards because I
promise you when they're in a bus
they're looking down at their iPhone I
hate buying outdoor media now I buy it
because I'm by the way I'm a huge
traditional media fan that's what makes
a lot of the corporate people like me
they think I'm gonna come in there and
say I love TV just do it right you know
Reebok hockey did a commercial during
the Winter Classic I was watching it cuz
the NHL was my client and if it did well
we got a kick or a bonus so I was
praying that everybody in the world was
watching this game on New Year's Day I
was like please watch the game anyway
I'm watching it they run a commercial
with Sidney Crosby they're playing the
commercial ends and says if you want to
find out who won go to Reba go to
facebook.com slash Reebok Hockey
in 20 minutes they had 60,000 new likes
fans on their fanpage to see it they can
now mark it to those 60,000 people for
the rest of their lives as long as
they're still a fan of that page guys
this is about data how many of you send
emails to people raise your in bulk form
not one-on-one as a newsletter or
something like that raise your hands
please so if you've been doing it for a
while you know what's happened you guys
remember 1998 and 99 and 2000 that stuff
worked it doesn't work as much anymore
because we spammed it out everybody
started sending emails every day because
it was converting Wine Library started
off as the weekly email service then the
biweekly email service then a daily
email service and what I really wanted
to push numbers like hey we'll see you
twice this day you know got crazy we've
pushed it too far we've all been in the
push business all these years what
happens now is pull the New Jersey Nets
client somebody tweets the other day
thinking about buying Knicks or nets
season tickets what do you guys think we
jumped in right away and said well we're
kind of bias we'd love to see you guy
buys season tickets from the Nets
because we responded before the Knicks
did real money this happens on a daily
basis it's happening every moment our
customers your customers are in the
trenches I get it I know it's new and
it's very time-consuming but it's a
commitment
you've got to reallocate funds I always
say that you have no tweet left behind I
come into companies and say no tweet
left behind everybody who tweets has to
be responded to they're like everybody
I'm like well do you like them they're
your customer they just said you're
Milano cookies were delicious what do
you want to just look at him with a
blank stare everyone they go how are we
gonna do that that's not scalable
I have 900,000 fans I'm one human being
nobody will do it for me because it's
not authentic if my assistant tweets on
my behalf and I'm keeping up with it
you're a multi-billion dollar company
how about this jerk-off won't you take
three commercials don't do them that
nobody watches and let's hire nine
people to actually care about your end
user what a concept how are we gonna do
this I don't know stop throwing cash
down the toilet how are you gonna do
this maybe you don't buy
Yellow Pages ad this year guys you don't
need it promise you're better off going
doing smoke signals at the top of the
building it's 2011 you know it's funny
I'm sitting here and it's amazing it's
amazing what your brain can do I'm going
through this talk I'm also thinking
what's my rank on Amazon right now and
I'm and I'm but what I'm really thinking
is how many people in this room think
I'm full of crap and I'm out of my mind
right versus how many believe and I
think a lot still they don't think I'm
full of crap they're just they don't
think it's practical they don't think I
understand you know it's not your
industry we're different everybody does
that whether it's a CPG company and NFL
team no matter who we consult for it's
always the same story to me it's you
don't get it Gary this is you know we're
different business we have our different
dynamics I do get it I get it very
carefully we are in the people business
and people have never been more
attainable than ever people used to
spend billions of dollars in focus
groups throwing people into rooms and
trying to figure out what they thought
in the back room of a mall and what
knowing that people were watching them
that is not a natural environment right
these people are giving you feedback on
you every day if you're not searching
your name or your company's name or your
branches name on search dot Twitter you
nuts
you're absolutely nuts you're leaving
amazing data on the table this is
extremely real this is happening every
day Zappos a company that's based here
in Las Vegas sold for a billion dollars
to Amazon because this stuff is real you
know why they cared about their end user
and they scaled it they reversed the
game they timed how long people were on
the phone not to be as short as possible
but to be as long as possible guys this
industry more than any industry to me
hands down should understand the impact
and the ROI of social because it is a
people business this is a people
industry it's happening and when you
look at 50% of your incoming customers
where you're growing base is that an age
group or this is where they communicate
and when they understand this is not
this is a necessity and you know what I
hate that I know a lot of people are
sitting in this room and say
but Gary I didn't grow up with this I'm
older I didn't grow up with this you
didn't grow up driving you figured it
out this is not an age thing this is a
DNA thing I
I am so far from Mother Teresa I'm not
here because it's Zen and let's take
care of everybody I want to buy the New
York Jets this is real cash one thing I
didn't tell you because I was
embarrassed my first real business
wasn't lemonade stands my first real
real business was I would go into
people's yards rip up their flowers ring
the doorbell and sell them back to them
great business by the way low overhead
click turn around I really you know it's
really funny I wrote a book right I mean
I believe in traditional I think you
should do everything you still do but
please don't close out where it's going
I learned something the other day that
killed me about corporate America one of
my corporate clients we're crushing for
them they're even tying in our community
management what we're doing on face book
to the aisle in the supermarket like
real numbers like you know because this
woman is now a fan of our product
instead of buying the old cereal that
she used to buy she now buys ours
because when she goes in the aisle the
people she talked to on the Facebook
page under our umbrella and we helped
her with a nursery school recommendation
we now have the emotional equity with
her she goes in the aisle and she
doesn't care if the other cereals 30
cents last she's buying ours right we're
getting there we're getting to where I
want to be 2015 stuff what happens when
you own the emotional equity the stuff
that's coming we own that it's here and
then their stock price crash the other
day right and you know what happened
they went to tried-and-true they walked
in and said let's cut all the social
media stuff right
we need more TV and I sat there and I
said my god it's so obvious because I'm
looking at the numbers they have numbers
on TV what it's supposed to generate in
store for the dollars and the data
doesn't match up
you know why the data doesn't match up
cuz Nielsen ratings are bullcrap the
data doesn't match up but when it gets
tight and you know this guy's we all
know this this is why less people were
at this convention last year than they
are this year when things get tight
people retreat right they go to
tried-and-true I was serious with my god
this company going to TV now is only
gonna accelerate their death I'm like
you don't go to what got you there when
it's bad it's like if Charlie Sheen
started doing more coke today you know
you know you don't go back to what got
you to the bad place you go in a
different direction this is the moment
when you start looking at what's
actually working but here's the problem
and here's what you have that they don't
have and this is what smaller businesses
and people based businesses have that
corporate America doesn't have you're
not reporting to the street you're not
giving them quarterly numbers they're
playing a different game you my friends
can absolutely run the marathon that
building of business is it's what you've
been doing in a lot of ways you can run
the marathon the way we're going to be
building businesses in 2015 to 2025 is
the way that our grandparents built
businesses in the 1930s the way the
butcher knew you came in they knew Timmy
was your son and they're gonna cut your
steak exactly like you wanted is the way
it's going we just lived through the big
box era if you know business you know it
goes up and down we are going to that
place I know so much about my customer
today it is unbelievable and if I put
the effort and allocate the funds
towards executing against it we're gonna
win
I spent millions in traditional hundreds
of thousands at best on my personal
brand and this new last five years of
marketing for Wine Library myself and
the returns aren't even close it's real
money it's real numbers I'm not joking
on theory here this is real execution
this is happening on a daily basis and
it is the reality mobile phones
guys who here is related whether it's a
niece or nephew children grandchildren
to a 12 to 16 year old girl
raise your hand so you know exactly what
I know which is that she sends 4,000
texts and makes two phone calls a month
two phone calls culture shift you guys
how many people here drive raise your
hand so you know what I know which is
we're all scared of driving now because
if you look at your fellow driver
they're not looking at the road they're
texting
crap you want me to buy billboards don't
know looking at billboards they're not
even looking at the road culture shifts
the world is changing it's changing
rapidly and I am very scared that the
people that are dozing off or dismissing
me because they don't think they're
gonna do it or they just don't believe
in it they're sitting here now and
checking out looking at the watch
wondering when it's over I'm very scared
that they are the human version of what
Blockbuster Video did Blockbuster Video
sat in their rooms they watched what
Netflix was doing and they disrespected
the Internet as a fad when the when the
market collapsed in 2000 and 2002
everybody thought see you don't want to
admit it now some of you thought the
internet was a fad you don't want to
admit it but you did cuz you didn't
understand it you didn't grow with it or
he didn't know how big it was going to
be this is the biggest disruption and
biggest platform of all time this is the
biggest opportunity I feel bad for
entrepreneurs in different generations
we are so lucky to be able to execute
inside blockbuster sad net room and said
it's not going to happen and they lost
they got put out of business
borders had the audacity think it was so
dead that they gave Amazon their
infrastructure if you wanted to go to
borders calm Amazon was gonna execute
your order for you guess what at a
business the liquor stores that laughed
at my dad because he let his son his 20
year old son build this website nobody
was ever going to buy what people had a
touch wine right you gotta go look at it
the connection in the store nobody's
gonna buy groceries and you know you
have to touch it
out of business people are going to go
out of business in this next three to
five year window because people going to
take their market share
there's mobile there was no mobile Lee
Genet real estate leads three years ago
you should see what's going on in the
mobile market right now if you are not
paying attention if you don't go home
and Google mobile you know marketing in
real estate you're making a huge mistake
because let me tell you a mobile story I
go to the movies I'm in the movies in
New York City one of the things that I
do that's kind of interesting is I snoop
on people because I'm trying to
understand trends now I'm definitely
going to go to jail because most of the
people I'm looking at are like
thirteen-year-old kids
so I'm a little scared because I want to
know what they're doing because that's
when it's coming right but this one was
the most interesting story I could ever
tell I'm in line to go see the social
network of course right and there's this
older gentleman in front of me any and
he's got an earpiece so he's talking
very loud so I'm able to snoop even
better so I'm excited he looks at his
wife were in line he looks at his wife
and says honey what movie do you want to
say she goes I don't know he takes out
his phone I'm right behind him so now
I'm starting get interested because he
took out his phone I'm trying to peek
this guy goes on
TweetDeck now this guy's between 40 and
80 years old I'll give a big range right
he goes on TweetDeck and he types and I
can't see him but I heard him say I
think he typed something to the degree
of what we should I say he sits in for a
little bit and he turns he goes let's
see the social network everybody's
saying it's good the radio industry
lived for the last 70 years on
advertising and timeslots when mom was
going to shop tied and serial brands and
soda brands would pay a lot of money
because mom would go in the car she
would drive and if she heard that Thai
dad that would get her to buy in the
store today and the future mom is going
to go into the store she's going to
check in on a check-in device you know
whether it's Foursquare Gowalla or
something else or the store's going to
have a mobile deal that's going to text
her the second she comes in to make a
decision of purchase at point of
purchase is unbelievably powerful for
people to be able to get feedback on all
the things that you deal with in the
trenches whether it's how high ceiling
should be or you know you know is
something rusted or can I get a look the
amount of technology that is coming to
disrupt your industry think about I
could I know many of you of litoris
think about how much more educated your
end-user is today than they were 15
years ago they're coming in with so much
data remember all that secret sauce data
that you guys used to have that used to
be able to make lots of margin on where
to go it changed and that's what's
happening what's happening is we're
living in a people driven business more
than ever more than ever
and the impact is going to be
substantial I am convinced whether you
like it or not that everybody here in
five years will be using these tools and
products because you're gonna have no
choice you're gonna have double zero no
choice Robert Parish you're gonna have
absolutely no choice here's why I'm
excited the customers been screwed for
so long people don't care they want to
convert right they want to convert
word-of-mouth ecosystem means better
customer service 1998 I email wine
library's database and say today we are
offering free shipping on
winelibrary.com we were a four million
dollar business it is still today the
biggest day in sales in wine library
history even though we are sixty million
dollar business people lost their mind
people bought wine that day as if it had
the cure inside because they'd never
seen free shipping before one guy left a
note saying I'm buying this wine for my
daughter's wedding thank you so much me
living in the Thank You economy twelve
years ago not realizing I was living in
it decided to email the gentleman say
thank you so much congratulations you
know when's the date he says no no Gary
my daughter's 12 but this is a great
deal I mean how ridiculous is that he
literally bought twelve cases of wine
for fifteen years before he needed it
because of free shipping
that's how insane free shipping was in
98 but then it went away my friends for
the next five years if you go into the
trenches of social and you go to
one-on-one marketing which is very hard
and scary to everybody especially big
companies and you start making a
contextual relationship with your end
user or the person that can give
word-of-mouth to another end user you
will be living through the five-year
gold rush of this system eventually
everything I'm telling you here today
will be common marketing knowledge and
the way that everybody rolls and when
everybody's nice to you you're not going
to treat it as well you're not going to
buy twelve cases of wine when you tweet
looking for a new home and every
he showers you with attention and effort
you won't feel the same way you do today
when only one or two of you in your
local area are doing that this is the
golden era of one-on-one marketing
because you're going to stand out the
way the shipping offer stood out for me
in 1998 and if you let it go by you're
going to be playing catch-up you're not
going to be Amazon you're going to be
Borders that is just the way it's going
to be that is a hundred percent there's
no debating it the end period and I
understand I you know what so great my
dad is 57 years old but from a business
standpoint he acts as if he's seven
hundred ninety seven years old my first
marketing budget dad I need a marketing
budget 150 bucks so I once I went
scrappy I've lived this my whole life
I understand why new stuff is scary but
new stuff is how things happen I'm here
today because I taped a video Wine Show
I'm going to be changing my video wine
show I'm gonna be going more mobile
because I have to change cuz that's the
platform mobile is the platform actually
we I mean wow the fact that you could
get push notification what if people
what happens when the app comes out that
you hit one button and if you're in the
market for a new home you're registered
and if they're in your general area
you'll be able to push notify them and
tell them literally while they're going
out and getting food where there's a
location of an open house right that
minute these things are happening these
things are happening they're all coming
and they're gonna disrupt your business
and I for one am dramatically excited
about it and I'll be honest with you I'm
actually gonna stop talking now because
I know we have runners and I want to do
Q&A and I'll be honest with you I don't
want to hear from the people that stand
up and raise your hand right now and say
Gary you're so awesome and tremendously
good-looking you're the best I don't
want to hear from that I know that
there's a lot of people here who can't
make the connection who don't think it's
practical I respect them to no end
you've been able to build a successful
business for yourself let's bring real
value to the audience right now let's
raise some hands let me ask the answer
real practical questions that will bring
value to everybody thank you so much for
listening
what's your name hi my name is Manny
Anderson
what's your first expense van Anders
Fenton Winchester mass and I real
pleasure
are you Patriots fan that's what that's
what I turned around when I say he said
that I'm like oh god Gary you had a
follower a friend and everything and it
was gonna happen until that right it was
over man no I Maliki I respect that
I'm not kidding one of the things mo one
of the things that actually I actually
read your book and I thought it was
awesome the first one the first one
Christ one that's nowhere close to as
good as this one Oh like that plug just
got anyway crush it was his book and it
was if you haven't got the book it's
awesome crush it and if you have an iPad
you can get on the iPad and see his mug
on a iPad too so that's pretty cool
thanks anyway one of the things that I
did and just to point about a little
point about Gary I actually sent him a
facebook request and he was asking about
how we would actually use crush it with
the Thank You economy and I gave him a
couple ideas and he actually wrote me a
Facebook post back so to you my friend
that's what I've changed so all my
business model right now is all about
video and leveraging Facebook so it's
changed the way I'm doing business and
thank you buddy appreciate it much man
thanks yes sir hi I'm Susan from Olympia
Washington
hey season my sons your age referred to
me as the old school mom who's willing
to try anything once that's awesome okay
so now real quick can I change that sure
I need you to be the old school mom
that's willing to try things three times
okay because I think what's a big
mistake for so many here in the
audience's but we tried this Gary right
you tried something the problem was I
know what you did in social media you
pushed you said come to our open house
do this come to me you were talking you
aren't listening you are giving to your
community
you weren't searching and trying to help
them you were using the skillsets that
it takes to give a presentation up here
you weren't using the skill set that it
takes to be good at a cocktail party my
friends we are living in cocktail party
marketing sorry okay
go ahead so I'm a cocktail mom and I
spent hours and hours seven days a week
with my clients personally phoning them
seeing them touching them in many many
ways love it how do I avoid losing
myself in the mass of time that I could
spend at the end of the day sure doing
all these other things I'm afraid of it
because I'm exhausted
sure okay yeah it's a great question
so I think let's go let's to answers
let's go real high level if you're
afraid of because you're exhausted you
need to start at the highest level of
what do you want right
I mean dollars and cents suck I mean I
think it's some level everybody
understands at some point and I know
it's easy to say yes I've got success
but let me tell you something I was
dramatically happier building Wine
Library TV five years ago because I knew
I was sitting on something than I am
today even though I'm bigger and have
more money that doesn't dollars and
cents don't make you happy if you're
truly exhausted you really want to look
at the scale of what it's worth and
there's practicalities whether it's
college loans putting kids through
college so I get it I mean when you have
to do what you have to do it's going to
be hard work no matter what I'll tell
you what's funny I spent my life on the
phone
touching and feeling my consumers - on
the phone all day buying wine selling
wine then going out and having dinner
with them and tasting wine I did that
that was my whole career and then it
made the shift to make caring more
scalable
I think one-on-one marketing is
scaleable through social because when
I'm done here some of you that aren't
Twitter to be like wow Gary Vee was
really good I'm gonna be back there and
I'm gonna respond to you you know I'm
scalable much more than ever I'm gonna
be at the Vegas Airport and I'm gonna be
answering people's questions the reason
I could answer that gemin spends
Facebook stuff is because I want to
because I can and guess what I was never
going to Boston definitely not to like
high-five him and say thanks man awesome
and look at the way he felt about me
rethink the way he said that there was a
motion in the air because I responded
our relationship and now today I'm
fascinated by the lot ladder of
contextual relationships then felt read
my book he liked me he posted something
I actually took the time to respond to
him he liked me more now he stood up
we're as dicho a little bit we can
really see each other and I could see
I'm still better looking than him and
still
still he disagrees but still for this
moment forever because now I'm spending
a lot of time on it we know each other
forever and the cost was much lower than
the way I used to have relationships
before this is real you get to see it
it's important guys I think you could
scale it and I don't want to hear like
we're losing relationships here's the
counter-argument right oh it's all
happening on the computer we're all
becoming more intimate we're not
teaching people skills it's the opposite
this is countercultural just like when
you're in trouble you go tried-and-true
is when you need to go the other way
that's exactly what this is I believe
everybody is dramatically more in touch
with their friends contacts much more
social sure they're communicating in a
platform that you didn't grow up with
but if you don't think your mom thought
it was crazy that you had a second phone
line and you talked to your friends for
nine hours on the phone talking about
Debbie Gibson and Tiffany then that was
crazy she did and if you don't think
there was some lady back in the day that
said why don't we need a telephone this
doesn't need we just write a letter I
mean you know and if you think somebody
was like why are we gonna watch it on
television we all sit around nicely
around the radio we're not to be as
close to each other it's gonna hurt our
family no it's not we are human beings
we have a need to communicate I think
there is an absolute way for you to
scale that for you to email everybody
ask them if they have face books for you
to create a Facebook fan page for you to
communicate with your community there
where you're answering multiple
questions you can go one on one on these
platforms with a private message if you
want and everything you do become
scalable take it from somebody who's
holding up nine hundred thousand
relationships right now and yeah I'm
hyper and yeah I'm hungry as heck but
guess what it's scalable if you want it
I always believe that my friends always
like how do you do this you're so lucky
I'm like no you're lucky you go to the
Jersey Shore and hang out with friends
right
you played Nintendo Wii all day you're
on a bowling team and the softball team
I'm bleeding out of my eyeballs I'm
hustling business is push-ups you get
what you put into it sure you get a
better form that's what I'm talking
about today I know you guys all work
hard you're here for a reason
this isn't you're not here to you know
you might be here to gamble but you know
you're here you're here
you're here in the morning bunch of you
probably out late last night having a
good time in Vegas right you made it
here because you want to build your
business I know you're all gonna hustle
I'm just hoping that you will look at
some of the alternative different ways
you could actually do push-ups because I
promise you when you hit the right form
more things happen clearly I haven't
figured that out with muscles but I
definitely figured it out with business
hello Darwin yep hello my name is Alex
Mathis how are you yeah good thank you
good and a lot of us are here because we
want to get new ideas and I really
appreciate what you have to say but
where do we start
yeah no I agree you should probably buy
50 copies of my book I'm kidding so let
me give you the real answer let me it's
really kind of interesting how many this
is the only thing I want you guys to
write down for my entire talk you ready
I want you to write down this website
www.house.gov/paul under the heading and
and here's the other thing and this is
why everybody sucks at social media
which is why this isn't called the
screw-you economy everybody gets on
Facebook and Twitter and starts pushing
please don't go to Twitter see somebody
say thinking about going house hunting
this weekend and jump right in there and
say well I've got this open house
everybody treats social media like there
are 19 year old dude they're all trying
to close too fast you need to relax
you don't need to close in the first
five minutes the reason you love your
parents so much is because they loved
you first give to that relationship
when I started using searches on Twitter
and somebody said looking to drink a
Chardonnay
I didn't say oh we've got a deal on
winelibrary.com let me give you free
shipping that would look nice I was
giving them something but I was closing
a business deal
I didn't say I just did an episode on
Chardonnay on Wine Library TV five
episodes ago I replied
what kind of Chardonnay do you like and
then I would look at their profile and I
would see that they lived in Chicago and
I would give them a recommendation to
binney's in Chicago to show them how
little I cared about actually closing a
sale what I wanted is for them and I to
have a relationship for the rest of my
life that is the approach business needs
to take not coupons not offers not
reporting champagne at our open house
ooh nobody cares
there's too much being thrown at them
people want real people want real and
social offers an opportunity for you to
be real if you don't want to be real
you're gonna lose you're gonna be
exposed if you go real I call it the
Hugh Grant rule Hugh Grant made a
mistake he picked up a prostitute in Los
Angeles he went on Jay Leno show and he
said he was sorry and we all loved him
more because of it because deep down we
all hate to say I'm sorry you can make
mistakes you can give the reins to one
of these pages to one of your employees
they can make mistakes as long as you
always take the high road this is an
informational ecosystem that is built on
word-of-mouth and the currency is your
social currency your social currency
will be the dividing line between you
selling more properties or not you will
be building your brand in this place and
the ways that you are going to build
your brand in 2011 is not by you getting
some sort of glamour shot and getting
the biggest billboard in town it's going
to happen because you're going to go
into the trenches where real people talk
and real people make decisions and
you're going to scale bleeding out of
your eyeballs being exhausted as hell
and working it but at least you're
exhausted in your bed
I mean I don't know I'm up you know I'm
last night I was like you know my book
comes out today right so last night I'm
like I know I have to get this talk I
have to wake up early I'm in my hotel
room in Vegas I'm in my hotel room like
man my boys would be real mad at me
right now I'm just talking to people
thank you for buying up you know people
like a lot of you were excited because
with the Kindle it comes right to your
book and as it was going midnight in
every market people were going on
Twitter saying oh my god so pumped that
I just got the Thank You economy on my
Kindle normal business the business the
way I used to do it ten years ago you
would have left that I would have left
that and said okay got that one let me
go find more naturally my DNA is a
hunter I want more customers in the last
five years I've become much more of a
gatherer and a farmer along with my
hunting DNA that's the complete package
you and your organization have to have
both because what I did last night was
not trying to get more people to buy it
i sat all day long on Twitter and
Facebook and Tumblr and all these other
sites that you need to know about kora
and Instagram and everywhere and yo
Bongo is coming get ready
I'm not kidding actually right down yo
Bongo I'm desperately trying to invest
in it right now because I wanna buy the
New York Jets I'm being transparent um
check this out you take a nap you check
when you launch the app it puts you in a
room with 15 people you do not know but
they're all in the general area that
you're in so imagine for a local
business like yours
maybe when you're sitting there and your
open house isn't doing anything maybe
nice to go into yo Bongo maybe drag
three people over to say hey and if you
don't hard sell them maybe they'll come
and hang out and maybe just maybe their
niece is looking for a home not then
just maybe the world has changed forever
I didn't do it the internet did it I
think Al Gore's trying to take credit
this is the calm before the storm guys
I'm telling you this is the calm before
the storm
I just got goose bumps this is exactly
what 2,000 was for the Internet
exactly it happened there was hype it
was too early like Google TV people
weren't seeing the return companies went
out of business and then from 2000 to
2004 that's when the real magic happened
I'm telling you this is the four-year
window for social before the smart but
stubborn people figure it out and ruin
it this is your opportunity I hope with
all my heart and soul that this talk
started you in the right direction I
love you Remax Oh Stan de Gaulle
take that Theismann
so much
the niche
in the sauna
