Gary let me start off with you on this
then balancing between fundraising and
building your business what do you look
for to see you um you know I'm concerned
a little bit with the culture of
celebrating the fundraise you know my
dad taught me that when you borrow money
it's the worst day of your life so I'm
very interested in the entrepreneurs I
like you know we didn't clap for Red
Rover because they didn't raise six
trillion dollars but I was sitting here
like good stuff
I just filtered myself so you know you
know what I'm looking for is people that
are not caught up in the excitement even
though I'm a hype man myself
I like the practicality of it all people
that understand how to turn a profit I
mean at the end of the day this is still
business right and so I'm looking for
real practical knowledge of how to
actually make money not necessarily
raise it
