hello everybody this is Gary Vaynerchuk
and this is my 120 on this Friday
November 2nd my uncle Joseph the crazy
Russian uncle's birthday and I've got a
lot to talk about today but before I get
into my main rant about Apple is the
Apple getting sour I want to talk about
American Gangster probably the first
movie I am jazzed up to see in a long
long time hoping I'll get a chance to
see that tonight big-time movie I hope I
haven't read any previews nothing so I'm
looking forward to that what else do I
want to talk about just a quick little
shot Facebook and Microsoft are poised
to make their shot at Google I'm very
curious about this buzz in the air about
maybe a AOL doing an ad platform as well
you know Google its entire success based
on the Adsense I mean there's other
things but let's be honest lots of money
coming from their ad network advertising
so it's gonna be very interesting to see
a Facebook and Microsoft can combine to
make a real serious play Yahoo was never
really able to do it
so it's gonna be what Panama and all
that other stuff they could get very
very very very interesting also I was
thinking about one other thing about
politics could be very interesting you
know YouTube is the leader but with
viddler and B mio and blip TV I was
thinking that if some candidate gets
captured on film doing something wrong
that's gonna kind of kill their Canon
see in 2008 and that will happen it's
not when but it's not will it or when it
you know it will happen the question is
gonna become is is it gonna build
another social network website on video
instead of YouTube because if it goes on
one of those sites it can get a lot of
exposure but let me get into my main Ram
it's all about Apple I am really down on
them lately it's been a rough run for me
I hate the AT&T and Apple situation my
iPhone is very difficult to use the edge
network to slow things that made sure
and now the whole leopard thing I
installed leopard on my last laptop
I went offline and did all my emails on
the way to Washington DC because I have
to do it went back on I'm basically
crashed last night got a new MacBook and
my brother AJ got one he has to already
bring it back to the Apple store today
Apple is souring see you later
