internation very exciting episode this
crew I actually I actually was really
fun when this crew went down the
escalator one is a ridiculously handsome
and famous face to me and I made a
connection very quickly and the other is
like I'm like wait a minute not at a
dinner with this dude like three years
ago he's a real entrepreneur so I was
super excited when they pitched and I
it's been really fun actually got to see
the preview of their episode I haven't
seen the final final final edits em as
well as this recording of this podcast
goes I'm gonna allow them to introduce
themselves but in the hundreds of
pitches it was one of the more memorable
ones for me I remember quite a bit about
it and so without a further ado
gentleman once you introduce yourselves
to the vaynernation who you are a little
bit about yourselves and the app that
you guys presented and then we'll get
into the show my name is Damon Wayans Jr
I'm an actor and comedian male model
male model potentially if the money's
right you know that Million Dollar Man
had it right everybody's got a price
everybody does and this is my partner in
crime yeah so I'm Chris Jones serial
entrepreneur investor and yet Damon and
I partnered and we founded a an app
called special guests it enables anyone
anywhere to affordably and easily hire
live entertainment I love it so if I'm
having a bar mitzvah yeah and I need
some talent and I'm not some superstar
that's going to fly and drink to do it I
can go on the platform and find kind of
Drake for a lot less you can find the
talent of Drake for a lot less yeah are
you saying Drake is not talented no no
I'm saying I'm saying you can find a
person that is super affordable that has
the talent of Drake's you're saying I'm
Frank is commoditized in his talent but
there are so many people that can
perform that skill at a much lower price
100 review because you are absolutely a
serial entrepreneur you know and I was
like it was it's funny how your brain
can do so many things
you guys are pitching you're doing your
thing I'm like you know I'm trying to
win like you know I can't I have no
other gear I'm trying to get the best
companies like I'm
take it back to a lot of smart things
you said in that Upper East I mean I
remembered everything about that meeting
what kind of experience as an
entrepreneur and the serial entrepreneur
has planted the app spin like from that
Hollywood crossover obviously of a
celebrity partner in this business has
it been a fun journey was that enjoyable
like what should give me your to 3
minute recap of the experience you know
I mean coming into it I mean it's it's a
bit of we had a lot of work to do but a
bit of an unfair advantage to be able to
launch an app on the Apple platform
right with the backing of the show with
the backing of all the publicity so you
guys were back at the pad before you
came day one on set of layer this is
we've already won the exposure is real
or were you thinking okay we know how
they add a TV we better get to the next
round or we're going to get like a quick
facial visual and we're not gonna get
 from it so it was both yes Lee yeah
we knew we knew that you know it could
potentially go downhill mm-hmm
but when we got in were you worried that
Austin's mentors could have become could
have been cynical to the powerful last
name that you have you think that we
could have taken the cliche like I you
don't give a about this absolutely
and I you know I went in there expecting
that um I thought I think we really want
that not really I mean I feel like when
it started going south part of that had
something to do with it yep but that was
from another address you know it was
like it's just an actor talking to
another actor so I couldn't really you
know yeah I get it Walter for that yep
for me it was like first experience with
with this this type of thing and I was
kind of learning on the fly it was like
I became smarter as the taping went on I
was like I get it wait I'm not an actor
I get to actually play myself and when
that clicked for me and I and I think
it'll I think viewers will see that in
the show I started to own the experience
and Damon and both of us really did
we're like you know what all of his
creativity I mean his background he was
he went to school to be an artist right
you know all of my experiences we
started using them
pretty aggressively to do well on the
show yeah I think that was an important
part for me to write like I knew like
that was why I wanted to do it because
it was you know acting I was just that
could have happened in that studio that
could have happened in my office like I
was just gonna live it I was going to
give them on the production side nothing
to edit not gonna lie to you I when I
saw you on the show I was like oh my god
he's just like how he is on Instagram is
an aspiring entrepreneur you know you
grew up in a household that really
understood entertainment at the highest
levels what has been the biggest iOpener
about entrepreneurship um how much work
it is it's a lot a lot of work yes great
answer a lot of work a lot of talking to
people yeah
a lot of thinking that you're making
headway and then you find out maybe not
so much or there's so many different
levels to it you know that are have you
realized your communication skills is
actually a really strong conversion into
this world because of so much talking to
people 100% absolutely especially within
in the room you know because they don't
operate necessarily off of what
entertainers or the entertainment
industry operates off which is I can use
this guy to you know get money if you
don't have a product that they can use
or if you're not at that level no matter
how charismatic you are in the room
they're not going to be like it's great
to meet you're an awesome actor though I
loved that it was a really he's a really
good guy still early for us yeah you
know so so we were hearing that and it
was just kind of like a it was an
amazing experience you know like
question what about um what do you
remember from staying up there before
the escalator pitch were you guys kind
of like very in your zone talking to
each other focused on a pitch or did you
get to and maybe after you were done
because you got to stay there get to
know the other other people that pitch
that day how was the how was the vibe up
there with the other nine or ten or
twelve or fifteen app developers I mean
it was both I mean on the one hand we
were we were certainly you know making
friends but honestly I could I've got
this visual of Damon because he started
our pitch going down the escalator and
he was rehearsing it
and like he took it really really
serious and and I kind of pictured him
like you know probably what he looks
like right before he's filming a movie
or doing yet doing stand-up but no man
we took it really serious and I think we
did we did quite a bit of prepping you
know there in real time and then to get
there so but also you know that
developer lounge was pretty kick ass I
mean it was like it was there wasn't a
lot of information about like when we
were going to go so there's the
nervousness
yeah that was intense Thanks yeah the
suspense was was pretty intense
exhausted and we were there for the
entire day I think that that particular
shoot that day was a good 12 13 hours
didn't go like second or third to last
oh my god we kept going and then like
you know kind of like cool in that I was
in a bloodbath day or people getting
picked it was like I think it was about
50/50 maybe 40% of the of the teams I
think may have went through and how was
it to be in the circle like what was
that feeling like just being there and
we're drilling these questions like how
you add it out here while you're there
to write it was a little fun fact um I
don't know if this is a fun fact that
it's just a little observation I made I
could see what you guys were pressing I
reflect the related the reflected fun
yeah it was like oh you're on your
clothes I saw the green or the red I was
no sir not getting through yeah no but
that was the last time it was stable yes
yeah man as soon as I got on - no III
for everybody I would watch people doing
their thing like they're not good for
right whereas they're dead they had no
idea they're in a little bit um so yeah
when we got there because we got all
greens initial yes and then we were like
me and they were like yeah yeah crushing
it and then we got out of there and it
was going it was going really well for a
while and then somebody said one thing
and then not a lot yeah Rhett Rhett
Rhett I was like oh this is yeah yeah
we're done
and then and so what's the I'm parting
shots there's a lot of aspiring
entrepreneurs man
developers listening to my podcast Chris
serial entrepreneur Damon you know
obviously growing up in an entertainment
environment now going into entrepreneur
lam what's your one two three bullets on
hey keep this in mind for me in the
trenches here's the thing that's real
that I didn't expect
give me three values to leave for
everybody listening crisp yeah I mean
it's execution is bigger than your idea
so sometimes you romance your idea and
you don't take action app development is
about taking it taking an idea and
actually starting to develop it yeah
second thing is is that you can found an
app from podunk Ville from Scranton
Pennsylvania and appear on an Apple show
and you could you could build a
billion-dollar company so I think
sometimes entrepreneurs give reasons why
they can't do something as a real
practical entrepreneur are you concerned
by how few people can actually build a
billion-dollar company and do you
believe that the thing that was in our
blood has become so romantic eyes that a
lot of people that shouldn't be
entrepreneurs or jumping into the game
yeah you know man I'm asking I'm curious
III think that people have to fail on
their own yep um so I'm cool with people
taking the first step on and the reality
is if they can't execute they can't
execute the market okay there's a reason
that successful entrepreneurs like
myself like yourself become serial
because once we figure out how to
actually get the job done and do it not
to say we're going to succeed every time
but there's you know there's a refugee
yeah success leaves Clues right so um
but anyway that's my second yep damn it
I only have one which is which is to uh
listen and and digest and don't think
you know everything and and and to take
that in and understand that not knowing
everything is okay and I think that
helped me a lot with my with working
with Chris on that note it was funny to
use listen
so I maybe more than anything I don't
want to do it for a living I do quite a
bit of it
maybe more than anything I do being on
stage and giving keynotes is probably
the place where I'm happiest
would you look happy I'm very happy
there and it's interesting I have I
don't have a set or like I don't I don't
know how to write or I'm pretty much
just kind of doing my thing but
listening is the reason I think I've
done well in entrepreneurship and on
stage like I'm reacting to what they're
reacting and I build on that is that
what you do when you to stand up or are
you a little bit like well how do you do
it it's very interesting that you do
that because I noticed that about your
your talks is that you're very you leave
it open to the audience a lot so you're
here on your honestly it's like a
conversation with a bunch of people yep
with me when I do stand-up it's more I
the closest thing I'll do to that is
just reading the room yes and knowing
like okay I don't like these kind of
liking these kind of jokes or you know I
could just I can sense it just walking
in knowing you can I smell I can smell
it I can smell when they're tight I can
smell when they're you know ready to
have a good time what's them doesn't I
end up you've ever had me like do you
have a nightmare
yeah like is there a night where you're
like holy this was like or like
something memorable like you just felt
so for me because I speak so much I
some nights are just better than others
yeah it's just it's it's the same thing
I mean some days I'll do a hour-long set
and get a standing ovation and then now
the next I'll have an another show an
hour later do the same set and you know
they're clapping at the end but it's
mainly cuz I'm done you know so yeah but
yeah so it I love it I love it
it is such a high it's a definite high
especially one you know when there when
you feel the audience understanding you
and like they're just going on that's
hard for you because of the brand of the
last name and the family I mean five
absolutely.i one up my first year and
stand-up I went on under a different
name just so I can get my bearings you
did yeah but did people I did were
people like dude you look exactly
like I'm in set like that's why I
stopped that's why I stopped David names
forget it like halfway through my
halfway through my set and be like Barry
why I go damn down up like that so I
have to
all right yeah is my name and I embraced
it and I mean I love it Scranton
Pennsylvania for this uh that really you
know I remember that I know that that's
where he came from we had dinner years
ago do you feel like that's a very
important part of your narrative that
you that you love being successful from
a place like that in a place like that
it's not like you flew to you know
everybody then goes to Silicon Valley
you've kind of that's your that's where
you put your flag like talk to me about
that for one more second as a parting
shot dude totally 100% I believe that I
believe in people's potential and I
don't care if you live in Scranton
Pennsylvania or Silicon Valley that
potential realized is big opportunity I
think I just believe in people so I've
been able to do that from Scranton spire
people from Scranton yep they need to
become entrepreneurs to take that first
do you walk around Scranton people to
King selfies with you illegally like the
unofficial mayor of Scranton uh-huh I
was for the entrepreneurial community
I built a company there called pepper
Jam yep it's it's a big employer sold it
to eBay back in 2009 that was a big deal
for that community and I did it by
harnessing the 13-14 colleges and
universities from that area people were
talking about brain drain all these kids
were leaving and I said wait that's a
business model my business model is I'm
going to harness that I'm going to build
a company leveraging that untapped asset
and that's that with the pepper Jam sort
of business you're the mayor of Scranton
pencil and the unofficially I do that I
I'm just getting started thing I'm just
getting started guys thanks for the mmm
podcast I ran the gravy on the show
thank you Gary take care thanks guys
thanks for listening to the audio
experience two things one make sure
you're watching my vlog on YouTube and
to hit me up on the DM it's going down
on VM
