Kisame right and I got nowhere to be I
was just the fucking workaholic shit I'm
finna get gone what there's rough saben
here is all bent out of shape you just
said today is rough to be very frank
with you vaynernation
I don't give a fuck he ain't Gary Vee up
in the halls do-rags a bear wolf is to
hopefully talk about ownership and
leverage 1800 Texas out there Stanford
period like needles and yesterday was
fucking epic because I was able to do a
ton of uh Instagram stories and snapchat
stories for you guys because I was
traveling in an Afghan City not so much
today
Grindr in the office but should be good
we have a good day hello my friend
good just feel good to see you again
give me two seconds
Facebook's the one place that you can
break out because you can speak English
more than good enough okay more than
getting on it you just do the same thing
okay
it's a thing it's one day at a time it's
one day at a time it's making a video in
English to your Facebook fan page and
saying tag one I think you should make
your community how many fans on Facebook
right now I have my personal profile
full obviously yeah but a fan page to a
20,000 you can influence in Croatian
well John I have English for 5,000 we
might start heavily I got it don't worry
I mean there's accounts rive nothing
like it
never worry where you have small basis
what I would say is on the Instagram and
the Americans speak unlit on the the
Croatian Slovenia kind of speaking
Facebook pages I would make English
content okay I have a look and original
content and say and make them part of it
if I told you one piece of advice
tonight in your hotel room you say to my
friends today I want to start the
process of breaking into the American
market okay and you can do me a huge
favor which is please tag one or two
American or English speaking friends and
that will start the process okay and
then next day you make a piece of
content that's motivational or
instructional or strategic okay it's the
place of virality man here's who's
crucial I'll explain I'll tell you you
ready
I'll tell you what the I'll tell you in
two seconds a writer okay somebody who
writes yeah a video person like d-roc
and that maybe two people are one people
d-roc and taught my people Tyler they
can film and edit some people can only
do one but there's enough young kids who
can do both so I would have one
I would try to make it one person could
keep the cost down three a designer
pictures a designer somebody who makes
pictures and quotes and images that next
one is audio you need an audio
technician so that you can do podcast
it's going to be very important so
that's four and now number five up here
at the top of the public PM project
manager or architect will talk more I
love you okay thank you very sharp any
visitation yeah of course if you - how
are you free on really well how are you
good thanks everyday guys I'm the best
listen I'm sorry by the way you know why
I say I take no credit
what the fuck did I do what's going on
is we're establishing that I'm the
greatest and that it's dangerous for us
to make ideas based off of me because
I'm so fucking good that I take no
credit for I give all the credit discuss
tomorrow and Sasha when I say on the BET
motherfuckers were watching this one
license the best that's a compliment to
my mom and dad I need shit
so I mean first of all so much better to
make decisions in your life for yourself
to have other people do it I'm going
nowhere I'm here for you forever
like a loser number like I'm not bad you
shouldn't be leaving on these issues and
I can't let that happen nobody will
believe or care about you more than me
at a power position it's impossible
such a pleasure to meet you thank you
you're a huge inspiration to me
thank you for just our graduate
acknowledge I found it about 15
different company about my first one hi
fortunately I think you'll be hopefully
seeing a lot of me arrest them and you
know I have to ask because you're here I
know you're busy I don't want to get in
between but 15 minutes for coffee at
some point or even just an email to see
you Camila some uni mails the gallery of
vaynermedia failure to do they came in
to fill with Olivia in the pipe I'll go
to skateboard I'll remember what there's
rough babban here is all bent out of
shape he just said today is rough to be
very frank with you vaynernation
I don't give a fuck if Tyler or you
think today was rough because I had 17
meetings that he couldn't be a part of
because I'm actually running a fucking
business here I'm not from some fucking
teenage teenybopper trying to do a vlog
or some fucking influencer doing a
fucking blog or some fucking family
that's hoping for some free detergent
because of their fucking vlog I'm
fucking working here - Tyler so sorry
that your fucking video blog is rough
but let me tell you what's not rough
what's not rough is we're living through
the great era of ground shift in
marketing and business
everybody in this fucking amazing town
of New York City which is let me just
tell you everybody who's not here
fucking vibrant at Tenet p.m. right now
because 98% of your cities are fucking
sleeping everybody here is shitting
their fucking collective pants because
the ground is shifting everything that
our grandparents and parents grew up
with everything that we knew
tried-and-true the stable pillars of
media commerce influence persuasion the
way we make decisions the things we buy
and how what is cool and what is not is
on fucking call the world is on call and
you know what that means hustlers the
opportunity is obnoxious so whether
you're focusing on blogs or influencers
or how to hack Instagram stories or how
to create Alexa voice skills or how to
create your own podcast as you see I'm
fucking full committed tilt if you are
not following my podcast fucking tips
the way I call today the sum up of all
my meetings say none of which you just
watched is that the earth is moving
there's instability in the foundation of
how it was which makes an innovator like
me really fucking happy
and what suffocates fall you three
players because you like you like it
nice slow and stable let it be very
clear with this ending rant that game is
over the people that are going to win
over the next five or seven years are
going to be very comfortable and
controlled fucking chaos so you better
get your speed up you better work harder
you better work smarter you better try
things you better keep your
subjectiveness and your ego at the door
because that slows you down and it
doesn't make you do you better fucking
move
