Monday morning headed to Newark Airport
of the SF
please
we don't stop
you can always settle in to the north if
you're under 30 right now you have so
much time regress you're like you can
always get the safe job you can always
go back you can never be back in this
place where you can take high risk and
do your thing almost gosh it sucks
as I sleep very good you I just wanted
to call and say what's up and thank you
for watching my stuff and and wish you a
great great day
I do think influencers arbitrage and
Facebook ads against those audiences we
can do better than the high CPM that
they charge for media that I don't think
is consumed at as a high level and we
may be tested that at extremely high
levels over the last three years but
again there is a reason to spend there
that would be you telling me politically
you feel like you need to do it let's do
rock back there he's super sad because
I'm going into a three-hour board
meeting right now with high as I was
saying obviously can see with the choppy
edit and leave that choppy added guys up
going into a boardroom meeting for next
three hours so I'm excited obviously you
can't see any of it but it's beautiful
day in Texas discussed that's nice
you
I don't know if I've ever really been in
a classroom so it's like a first time
with a real classroom Dirac was how I
studied them how I studied thank you
thank you if somebody asked me what's
the one rule the one rule I'm just
sitting here thinking like what's the
one thing in the last ten years that
really stands out to me I really
genuinely believe the reason I as a New
Jersey wine store owner over indexed it
was I every single post 94% of my posts
I think about my audience maybe more
I just I'm stunned by people's
misunderstanding that this is not a
press release like back to humble
bragging and things of that nature like
you know like I don't know I wrote a
book one of my most successful books was
called Jab Jab Jab right hook and the
thesis was give give give and then ask
and I think everybody's in the like give
me like take take take take right not
even ask everybody's just basically
using it as you know a distribution to
whatever they selfishly want and so I
really believe the best way to be
selfish on in life which manifests and
social today is to be selfless in a
crowd of voices where everybody's taking
you know I'm trying to give as much as
humanly possible
I give away all my best information like
all of it so in a world where a lot of
people monetize information I give it
away for free at scale I spend an
ungodly amount of time answering
questions and surprising people as my
profile has grown and people think it's
cool to for me to say hello I'll just do
it more and so I just I just think the
number it's really very simple I think
back to that statement of we're being
exposed it's funny to me I know what the
current conversation is of what social
is and what does it mean but it's really
funny that it's clear to me the people
that are over-indexing or the ones that
are providing more value than they're
asking for in return I think one thing
that's really an unspoken thing that
manifests it quite a bit is if
self-awareness is putting yourself in a
position to succeed it was funny in
group one after the talk you know we
were talking there's never been a thing
in mankind that you have to do so I
don't think there's one right answer I
do think reverse engineering the founder
of anything is powerful and so if you're
not into it but but it is much more
leverage you own you
you don't own GG hada I think it's a
very special time for social it's grown
up a lot of you watching people aspired
to create a personal brand and the truth
is you have to you have to your actions
have to match your ambitions so let me
tell you one thing about this that can
really change your career instead of
thinking about a million followers think
about what you actually want to happen
so I manifested on being influential I
don't have the most followers I just
have the greatest impact so if you
really know what you want or not the
greater really one of the big attacks
right so it might be a hundred thousand
followers but if the right hundred
thousand people are there you can have
everything that you ever wanted to
happen right so if you want to be a
famous actor or actress of course that
matters if you want to leverage your
personal brand as a business development
or to raise capital of course you should
be out there but as I went around the
room there was a lot of people who
who struck me as really tried-and-true
operators people that wanted to be great
at their craft and they felt comfortable
in their crap and they're struggling
with this notion of do I have to do this
I just I just genuinely don't believe
that and I think that's something for
everybody who's watching but they need
to really consider it's so interesting
when you were just talking I've said to
myself my god if anybody here thinks
it's a job they shouldn't do I mean it
like I really genuinely believe that if
it filters through your mind that way go
focus on what you want to do is like you
want to work all the time on the formula
of your product then that's who you are
like like if like you're not going to
win you're going to waste a lot of time
if that sounds like a job so listen I
think you have to reverse engineer your
patterns and I think everybody can do
their own thing but way more important
is if I thought adult to very large
companies now for me to think that I
would have to really deeply become a
great CFO would be a great mistake why
do you think I was pushing so many of
you to not do this I only care about
time which is why I have no interest in
any of you spending time on something
you have no shot and winning just
because it's a thesis right and I think
for you to become a 24/7 media company
if that sounds daunting well then maybe
you just need to be dangerous enough to
know what its impact is on your
ambitions right I just I just couldn't
imagine like the thought of like
compiling or or I've got a post today
you're not going to win the audience is
going to feel it all right thanks les
bye guys take care good luck
the only way you can get the output to
be exactly the way you analyze it is if
you control the entire loop
you know
another Oracle cloud support race night
that homers color free run woman ate one
decade working on
Brown
tell my president yeah
yes wherever is like when we want to
rush all right like it we're going to
let you ask the question of the day
look at you described oh I like that
that you it was a real white one on it
long day classic Stanford Tyra Banks
we're meeting for my startups and Giants
dr. scheme underpants a scary Bayesian
should be going this kid better feel
better I'll be awesome though so fun so
fun honey
watch yep have enough first thing in the
morning yeah thank you again for being
here we are writing
