you had to describe yourself in one word
what was that word a contradiction I
think I'm pulling from very opposite
sides which gives me real balance
okay
I'm not a losing player unless I'm
willing to make the hard call but I'm
not willing to do it
emotionless and as a corporation yeah I
I care what everybody thinks about me
and I don't care what anybody thinks
about me without 30 cases right now
how's this done
you see I'm going can you delete that
with my nanny to leave this moment I
think you know to me when you walk into
the store Wednesday okay so if you have
to straight this does not happen in the
last probably three years or so it's
been pretty sweet give it a lot of good
internal meetings a lot of good team
Garry meetings really able to push
things on the vaynermedia level and that
means for me interesting sure in tune
with all that it's a lot of work to just
get through the day move through the day
meeting to meeting these have them apply
at all times juggling that has been much
like travel logistics or anything like
that
and now I need to come and do today
about what it's like watching silent
movies sometimes when I sit outside the
office and see what's going on on the
inside I can like I can leave the room
in two seconds and so there's just a lot
of that and then judges you know
bouncing met with his inbox my inbox put
phone calls scheduling meetings
understanding what's going on the world
around him up to the CEO all the
different pods as the keys who's got to
me who's got you're on the phone for two
seconds okay push this meeting of that
so I think you just it's it's fun you
know there's just so many different
variables of like twenties on the road
how the job works when he's here how the
job works when he's about to get on a
flight how a job works his eat when he's
going to move email he's not fully in
tune with email it's been heavy focus
come in turn
or maybe over the last two weeks and
we've a ton of Thomas strides and then
the next six weeks he's on the road
tremendously plan to the app starts
coming up world toward Cannes coming in
spend more time in LA be on the
Chattanooga it's going to be in London
so touching base all the offices get to
go and day by day so pretty fun like
there's nothing else like either you're
either you're making decisions for
short-term money or you're not and so
the people that do the best care
about their legacy and the people that
don't care about their wallet what the
people that care about the wall to
understand it should be really smart you
can have both I don't know if you've
asked this of them or they share this I
do not micromanage I mean I barely even
talk to Claude Steven James I'm real big
believer and like letting people do
their thing so I use the American
governors analogy like you'd be the
governor of like Florida do your thing
so run your the team leaves an
important dealership create massive
massive massive ox and and but honestly
that's the vulnerability here for people
if I don't think they're brought into
that they get fired and I really don't
give a how good they are
it's just imperative it's where agencies
break yeah sure it's allowing one sector
to think it's got a bigger ego than the
others yeah sure it is the vulnerability
I'm trying to audit for myself the
structure of the DNA of the human being
to understand if they have ego and
humility self-awareness and empathy
passion and ten vision right these are
the core ingredients that make a good
dish I think you probably have pretty
good
by Mac yes and no here's what I think
I'm good at yes
intuition has been the beacon of my life
but I've missed and I think and I've
missed often hiring is hard
investing is hard predicting is hard
what I'm really good at is adjusting to
the reality and so when somebody comes
in it has this serious of an ambition
within the organization I always want to
be frank with them of like the things
that are running through my mind and one
of the lines in the sand the lines in
the sand are the logo trumps everything
everything's individual I'm not crippled
by were this were that when this said
that in every situation I'm just good at
auditing and understanding when were
this or that later later
because I'm agnostic everybody's like
homies they're all my team I want them
all to win not only listen to you about
your feedback and their strategies
without them giving me feel like I'm
just not a corporation you guys describe
yourself in one word what would that
word a contradiction I think I'm pulling
from very opposite sides which gives me
real balance yeah a macro patient as
 I just told you to take four years
but we're going to move faster in the
micro than anybody yeah
got it yeah so I think that I think I'm
balanced because I'm pulling very
aggressively I'm a more chief heart
officer than claude and i'm more CFO
than Alan yeah and that's why I wanted
to make it very clear to everybody up
there that like this is my decisions
like whatever you like or don't like
I've got to take that responsibility
because it's the truth they have impact
everybody has a little impact but no I
appreciate it thank you sit down have a
great day yeah thank you
my responsibility is to help us get
somewhere and I'll do whatever it takes
to do that and if that comes out of
something that's painful to everybody to
remind them they should talk to me then
then that's good I can you can our
voicemail system it's a muscle isn't an
answer I really do you know what for
some reason the way you just said it to
me is to record your man I'm gonna
become a rapper I think I might I never
taken a lesson like I've never liked try
it like I always only trivial like you
it so funny I believe in my the
most I triple down on all my strengths
which is why it'll work on I think
I might have to work on being a rapper
because I think I could be the biggest
rapper in the world we have the luxury
of putting out so much content we know
it's popping we know it's going to viral
as we know that people are worried
about other people's opinions and that
like the reason people don't take the
first step is get worried about other
people the reason I only do my thing is
I don't
I hate when people try to think like
like the Patriots of the cold sucked
 my whole life until they got paint
in Dom right like people don't
get it like it just doesn't matter
everything like the Lakers are bad when
Kobe and Shaq aren't there like all you
need is yeah man all you need is a
moment
I think one of the things that are you
know kind of an interesting
y'okay said she said it's very excited
because multiple pieces of content that
have been translated across the globe
has gone viral soon are you happy okay
good
back to me while I said that please show
the piece of content that got viral so
you guys dig up the pieces that have
gone viral cool now for the point the
meat of this episode is the following
when you have full bravado and
leadership and your leader the
number-one thing to feel comfortable
with is saying you're wrong changing the
course having that humility to go along
with that ego I love navigating such a
big business making decisions and
immediately be like nope whether hiring
and filing whether strategy of product
whether it's client services whether
it's teens that you put together
something that has been rearing its head
over the last year is my comfort more
than ever because the thing gets
compounded with experience gets that
place where you are in love with I'm
wrong let's change this I thought this
yesterday I think this today
I'm obsessed do that every day as an
operator and you will win my dad used to
say to me but you said this last week
that we would never lower the price I'm
Pinot Noirs and I'm like that was last
week
Oh
