the fun got these for $4 garage sales
baby trying to tell people $4 what in
Jersey my size - it was funny I saw them
I was going to buy them just to give to
like somebody to flip because I saw ten
I know was going to kill him and that I
looked at I'm like oh 10 and a half
please stop
Monday morning pretty good a lot of lot
of stuff going on in the world of
business especially on my mind is very
massive decline of retail retailers
retail locations we've had more
bankruptcy in the retail sector in the
first quarter of 2017 than we did in the
entire year of 2016 I think that's just
the beginning I think we're seeing that
the code not the collapse but the
recalibration of retail in our society
rents are overpriced for the reality of
the traffic that is being deployed as we
continue to go more and more ecommerce
and as brands get marginalize than more
more players come in I call it a death
of a of a thousand cuts and so I think
it's a really interesting time and I
think it's an absolute preview to what's
going to happen to the television
commercial industry you know with every
OTT player Netflix Hulu Amazon you know
and I can't imagine the Facebook's and
the googles of the world not getting
more serious about it Apple obviously
Planet II apps like original program
supply and demand fragmentation bottom
line is the the money that brands spent
on television commercials and on banner
ads is going to collapse over the next
five years vaynermedia is going to be in
an incredible position to pick up those
opportunities and I continue to be on
the aggressive offense to structure my
company hire the talent a couple people
I've met with recently that I'm about to
hire that are just
straight ninjas for 2021 94% of the
agencies in the market wouldn't know
what to do with them in 2017 so excited
about that we've got a lot of stuff go
let me just the way we're rolling on our
side I'm really gonna miss a Monday
morning
cool right lot of my garage sale yeah
they wanted ten but I got him for four
when they offer when they want 10 you
offer to set the tone to any humor like
what about II said online I go to to
startle them and see what happens
yeah I learned a lot in 2016
terminal stealer charges to safe drink
pathway y'all never want to struggle but
still expect up using this amazing grime
drinks the shaded means I took at least
no school on minutes without a single
guarantee no fallback no backup please
mama can't get a plan B Justin no I'm
not that man so wanna get it no other
options in my system
never mom I genuinely believe that our
SMB Vayner beta
PNL can be in the ballpark of dollars
next year so just from all directions on
the flip side just looking at the
feedback and things of that nature like
it's real it's very real I think the
answer for something that big is if we
have to have it integrated but we have
to think about how to integrate it
without it slowing us down or or
creating too many and what we're trying
to do here get faster anyway it's big
it's real real big that's a change the
small business world small business
because I know there's a lot of
entrepreneurs by definition you know
companies that can afford twenty five
thirty thousand dollars a month to
change their business but I could change
it rig got to crush it
hailer thank you how are you I may be a
pleasant one two hours of showing a drug
program I love it sale it's a pleasure
man whistling kind of like what can you
call your nose like so much eco hate or
like that I need to like pick up yeah
business is going really well like I
mean I think I think it comes as long as
you are as long as you're executing on
your ambition yeah you know like to me I
don't think I can call people out so
easily if I think I can call people out
all the time because my ambition for
what I want to accomplish is so great
but I think but I think my ambition is
crazy like yeah we're on that right now
99% of people won't get to so I'm always
scared to make sure that like people
know like here's what I don't like don't
tell me that you're going to buy the
Raptors and work like that yeah tell me
that you want to have a good living
spend time with your daughter
travel the world well then all of a
sudden you can get into hundreds of
thousands of dollars a year yeah like so
like I think that's the thing that I
want to spend more time clarifying for
people which is like and I've been
saying it right like don't let your
don't let your mouth out you know pace
your actions I think that when I mean
people when people we Jam I want to make
sure they they're reminded that I'm not
gonna you know if I'm two people like
Gary B call me out help me I'm like what
first you've seen it like but first help
me like what you want to happen because
for seventy thousand dollars a year you
could live like a ridiculously happy
life and do a lot of stuff like people
don't get it like priceless and where's
the beef and just do it that's what
matters creative is the variable of
success the problem is you need to make
fifty to two hundred thousand dollar
videos for Facebook with where the media
the amplification of a million is worth
like 5 to 6 million on television and
you need to take four of them because
Doritos means something different to a
45 year old african-american woman with
four kids in Manhattan than it does to
17 year old Ricky in Texas in San
Antonio like like people don't get it
like like it's it's a let me rephrase
people get it the world is just not the
corporate world an agency world isn't
built to do the work that's actually
driving business today
I'll go down we just comes out I just
want you girl I just want you girl
you style goes down we just use our I
just want you girl
I just want your this how I'm feeling I
hope they know come on in to 24/7 93
it's out of control
Hey look campus ooh and I'm missing you
got in like nobody I'm not kidding I
don't want her feelings I'm trying to be
kind here let me explain
when the markets good everybody's a hero
you know what you're going to hear from
next 40 minutes is I don't know when
your economy gets soft if ever but if it
does you've lived through ups and downs
yeah I want to give you tools that will
allow you to navigate I think of myself
as a wartime general I like being a
businessman when it's bad Wine Library
my first business vaynermedia this
business yeah both in the first two
years in the operating they cook the
economy collapse so totes a Gary the
reason why you like operating in
tough markets is why because a players
win more right when kinds are good yeah
B's and C's and DS get too much got it
because there's a lot of people who are
watching right now who are taking the
money they're learning they're getting
and they're over leveraging themselves
they're buying homes and cars and
watches instead of investing in their
business saving money so when things hit
the trash you know if you save the
million dollars in cash if you're really
good at what you do and the market
collapses we'll all of a sudden property
that was three million might be 1.5 and
1.5 might be four hundred eighty
thousand you then take that million
dollars and you deploy it and when
things go back up you made real well
instead when times are good people out
here buying vacations to Maui and buying
better cars and buying a bigger home
over leveraging themselves getting too
many mortgages and then they get caught
I love that winners way
and that losers lose I love the
meritocracy of business and in real
estate over to let forever and through
my twenty thirty years professionally
than I paid attention to and I say
thirty because as a kid I started
studying stuff you clearly see the
pattern recognition notice the stories
of all the people that you respect it's
when the Great Depression and during
collapses that's where all the wealth is
made yeah yeah so how do you position
yourself how do you build your brand how
do you build a marketing engine for your
organization or your agents or whatever
you're trying to do I'm a businessman
there anything you say I'm comfortable
in answering because that's what I do
all right ass over she needs time to go
home
and do the family thing so hope you got
some good stuff today
maybe that last interview gave you some
good stuff right and and that's it how
it does see
Oh
- right
