think the one thing I would add just
jump into this one because I love it so
much I think the one thing that true
entrepreneurs need to realize is that
the market doesn't care let me tell you
one great thing about the market like it
you know it it wants to make money
me
are you filming this meeting no right
I'll go I'll go selfie right now instead
I have Bab and my face stuff all on me
head into a meeting
no babban about gloomy as in New
York City how it is on the mind nothing
really
the penis of April day Homer from Korean
Springer like super Astros
I got Beltran to I'm all about the
Astros this year and just rock and roll
a bunch of senior meetings to
clients up internal stuff just Galba
stopping by tonight which is amazing the
interview her in front of the company
with a fireside chat and then I'm going
to the Knicks game with Jim kills former
CEO Gillette Nabisco on Kraft absolute
legend in the CPG world since you today
now but winds turn dollars can you hey
hey LBJ you ain't they tell me K you
hate and a key is tighter notice can you
swim he can swim tell me can you swim
and if we all try to the water let it
right there take your weather pain tell
me buddy buddy
now wrong fight well hi really I want to
focus on more anything here is culture
hacking and and process of like how we
execute that interesting well good news
if that creeps you out the whole country
will creep you out that's all we do
everything is based on that same thesis
yeah it's like you're literally wearing
your choker because of that yeah like
you know you just don't fully realize
why and we don't fully and the people
that interact with it don't fully
realize why but that's the whole
punchline
we're also PR in ourselves 24/7 365 now
manifested in a way that is so extreme
with selfies and go into I love live
events everything is about like proving
you're somewhere we're expressing
yourself like literally Andy picked that
sweatshirt for a reason it says
something about himself he says you know
look I'm cool because I know this brand
I mean it's
yeah well no guys 20 right now my 21
feel like I've in my hair but what if my
you never come with that thought it's
not that you may not be present your
life with no but I know you're gonna
circus I was watching we're watching it
in reality we know the reason our
product works is because how incredibly
busy local business owners are I get
that's what I mean though the Rican
insurance works is you don't get hit by
lightning that often yeah they get super
excited about tirely you like that one
right that was going right I was right
so I think that's right away I think
it's right there was this part and then
I did it right and this one I made
millions with slimey tens of millions
that's why I made billions right like
there's there's a true narrative there
it's very close it's Frank here bang
that's huge tell you amazing it's just
on giraffe be it we have a sense here
that like and the wedding filmmakers
could not believe I was on daily be like
there's a lot of people but the wedding
filmmaking them you're doing the rising
tide thing like I thought that this
group people might be like your most
dedicated I think like Mandy everybody
can be the most dedicated in it where is
the money is going okay
people are like weird about wedding and
people either get media or they go oh so
just those are those excuses are people
want to write chucks or they don't
either believe in that's it's big it's
what they hit to everything you can
believe in the founder and the thesis
nobody's so confused
no do you know what I mean people are
all excuses get bet on the fact that
they're not sure if you or it is right
which is fine is the jockey right is the
horse right but whatever but don't over
like know I'm right feedback yeah and
it's not I don't think you're dwelling I
just think you need to really know that
they're just basically all excuses if
you can just build a business for the
next two years and do nothing else not
worry about how much you're leaving on
the table not thinking about accelerated
growth thinking about building a
foundation yeah I think you'll win great
new potential business meeting had a
great meeting with the incredible piece
of software and just running a business
getting ready for some Jessica Alba
coming in today as I mentioned earlier
and me flowing video so you can heed to
repeat that it's good stuff good meeting
meaning any moments nothing another
potential client in Europe coming
through we have to go there huh okay
yeah just all good stuff man being an
executive you know when I read you guys
comments I know I interrupt people
sometimes I'm sorry I already know what
they're going to say and so speed
matters and can be real-time so I'm
trying to be better thank you but mostly
I am I wish I could show you everything
but I can't we're trying this what we're
doing updates you know this is this is
not a it's not the bachelor there's not
survivor this was like I'm running a
business Tyler just happens to be around
so there's a documentation of an
entrepreneur building business empire
dad your way though Japanese was all I
can you be the friends are still here
and they keep telling me it's our year
go sit - yes this 2012 is still not the
same in my mirror I've been working on
my demeanor holding back on my fear
perfection I love it 24 scared
I actually really prefer people think
bad I mean I spark is the results or the
results if you care that you're down 40
nothing in the first quarter you're not
coming back anyway yeah you like it
au lait and a turn now is can you swim
you're not even again yet there's a long
road ahead buddy
story which I need you beautiful story
it's real good right I know I know it's
real good
I know it in my bones because I know
that I can feel it in the air work force
I feel like the place do they really
know like are they freaking yeah right
it'll go today go yeah go figure this
 works okay yes I let me be fun hey
what you're out guys think a lot of my
friend Jeff
you start thinking about or or realized
that you had business interests I think
I own an approach my career even when
I'm 12 and started asking I was like
what's the long name like how do I stay
relevant and how do I become a real
player and how am I going to be
meaningful and so I was always pretty
strategic in the way that I approach my
career and I thought of myself as a
brand before it was a thing to think of
yourself as a brand I was always really
cognizant that anything that I
associated myself with was going to be
reflective of how people thought of me
yep and and I protected that for a long
time and when I decided to to launch my
own brand I really feel like all of that
thought really got channels and in the
best way I didn't know what what the
outcome would be but I was certainly
very aware of being protective of my
image from day one I think the one thing
I would add just jump into this one
because I love it so much I think the
one thing that true entrepreneurs need
to realize is that the market doesn't
care let me tell you one great thing
about the market like it you know it it
wants to make money right do I think
some VCS may say you don't look the part
no sure but I've got a news alert
I don't usually invest in white Apple
and dudes from good families because I
don't think they have a chip on their
shoulder so I'm playing the reverse and
the truth is I've been wrong and I've
been right so I think the one great if
you're a purebred entrepreneur you
realize you're getting punched in the
 mount 24/7 365 anyway the market
is the market and and if you do well on
what you are and why you're not winning
because of that you would have never had
it's no different than the people we
said no to please
victim of circumstance and it's sort of
like the landing their parents it's like
yeah right
everyone has a history and you can blame
your parents and she's blue in the face
but if you only work on like focus on
that you'll never get over it and be an
adult and figure your own life house I
think if I would have started be honest
company when I wanted to start it would
have been Charlie and actually having
three years of rejection it gave me the
armor to take on actually getting
funding and starting the company and
taking all of the punches and all in
education in my eyes in my ears and I
know that conference can have a I'm
still a big oil do everything of course
but I have more like calluses and so I
can like take it differently just thank
you so much for stopping by
Oh
so awesome so great
enjoyed it we will how's everybody some
stuff you guys enjoyed it good
it's bitch learning in the freest
dog-eat-dog in job keeping on he worries
regret it'll wrap it up and as I got my
city Jana come up with income thanks
Olivia they can do underwater prober
nigga when observed early the river of
chocolate and a minute we're not giving
you will get into the game but I'm only
thinking winning living in a robbery
battle to the top key to make it and you
drop don't again we'll never got no so
what's the point of dreamin if you went
achieving cuz the time and I Mossad I've
been changing like the seasons I know I
gotta make it gotta get it never better
just stay still I'm Tom laughs there's a
fellas like that play and the play baby
they are feeling greedy I want the game
right now but I know is worth it I'm
always
