I think that most people that are not
nice to other people are broken inside
and are unhappy inside and I think
through you know real psychological work
of therapy real self evaluation really
hitting rock bottom some shock to the
system like taking a year vacation or
getting a divorce or having that
conversation with their father about
about that thing that happened when they
were 11 I mean there's a million things
that I do think can unlock a drain I
think they're the hardest things in the
world to do and I don't take it lightly
I've not been able to do it so easily so
I don't think it's easy but I do think
it's achievable I think it takes an
enormous amount of self-reflection
acceptance and and humility on the part
of the person that's doing the actions
and it takes a complete reset of who
they are from a hardwiring standpoint
and so I would say yes but 99% of people
I don't think will pull it off and I
mean that by the way it's very hard
Oh
