hey everyone how are you thanks for
having me
can I answer any questions actually how
many people here have no idea who I am
raise your hand
shit okay microwave I'm Tom Geisel does
a chronic Graduate come around nice like
a vegetable I got to with clarity hustle
like my name is Jerry Thomas I've been
telling you a challenging celebrity I'm
tripoli given a pedigree Sabina no
special effects see when the work that
I'm doing are the moving furniture
people stop - bad move too fast too fast
eh no such thing as too fast
Hannah Hannah Utah's good talk this
morning a lot of energy anything you
want to build a business or personal
brand so they can buy stuff with it like
you know that thing I said the other day
on the blog right like I don't want to
buy a private jet like everybody tells
me to do when they see that I'm wasting
an hour on an extra commercial flight
because I want to buy the New York Jets
you know what I mean and like and so all
all this behavior my man is predicated
on insecurity you know wait 24-year old
dudes buy watches because they're not
confident and they need that to get a
girl
like all those dudes that are flashing
on social media I look at them like
insecure like not real confident you
know puffed up fake so you know it's the
same old thing it's the same reason
people buy followers on social cards and
some of you did it because one of the
people I looked at last night that's
here with the hashtag bought it you know
how I know you can't have 800,000
followers on Instagram and get 27
comments and 94 like I ended my talk
with it which is the worst business is
to sell to losers and I promise you
there's a stunning amount of people here
who try to sell to the bottom feeders
and you never trick winners when people
DM me like you'll guarantee check me out
I'm killing it and they've got 900
thousand followers on Instagram but they
don't actually have it I reply no you
aren't and then their feelings are hurt
and it makes me feel awesome holls hold
your breath keep building for the
audience bring them value you know what
your next Instagram post should be
instead of taking 400 bucks for a
sponsor that lump your next Instagram
posting what can I do for you guys to
make this account better and then read
all the comments and then act on them
got it
sick what kind of vibe - again what a
weird role taken different vibes stop
hiring more services coaches people all
which are disguises for you not to
actually do the work
a lot of admiration a lot of love lost
healthy
a really interesting moment right now as
you guys know from the CFO episode a lot
going on like sorry season my business a
lot of new business we're winning the
great day and I announce the whole
Vayner daily digital deep dives
daily digital design daily digital
decide so many of you come into
vaynermedia I mean I mean so exciting 97
is like 10 hours at vaynermedia
with all of the practitioners in culture
you know strategy you know paid media is
so that's been fun with a bunch of seats
first a sold out second is enough
sellout that's going well makes new
business unit for us and huge for you
what else a lot of content I think
people are too crippled by content I
call it the 14 year old teenage move
which is so many 14 year olds posts on
Instagram and then if they don't get
enough likes right away they take it
down like there are literally 14 year
old teenage girls that take an hour and
a half to take a selfie because they put
it up seven times until there's actual
engagement they don't they keep taking
it down and the truth is we all say yep
yep yep and yet you're doing it as well
right you're overthinking your content
like think about like again eating my
own dog food
I believe that all content is valuable
one way or the other or it may or may
not be valuable every person here has
put up something on the internet that
has done better than they thought it
would and has done worse than they
thought it worked why should you test it
it's much faster to just keep putting it
out like all the thought of testing it
and let me overthink it and like why
like everybody thinks they're going to
put out a piece of content that's going
to hurt you like what is it going to do
it's not going to get as many likes as
you like like again way too much ego and
insecurity thriving decisions let the
chips fall where they are just put out
fucking content
cool good way about thank you
bye guys his mom emailed us this is
insane a lot of offers just a lot going
on planted to ask my TV show a lot of
just saw the media play that's going to
be insane that we've seen a whole lot of
this face and different form my next
victim and neck feathers new off the
t-shirt right tortoise going to Harris
costume that's me seems fast and I am a
micro fast on a macro slow oh my coming
what's score so less than welcome to the
future Gary Vaynerchuk and appreciate in
daytime to be here and without a whole
lot introduction handing the mic and let
him rest
thanks ray don't worry hey everyone how
are you thanks for having me
can I answer any questions actually how
many people here have no idea who I am
raise your hand
shit okay when you incentivize somebody
to do something that is predicated and
rewarding them with something else
you're not actually getting the natural
action I hate it I hate like watch this
video or play this game and you'll get
five thousand points and then you get a
fucking iPad poor shit
don't like it they all lose they all
have a run somebody exits because
whatever but nine out of ten of them
lose every time because you're creating
you're forcing behavior instead of
reacting to behavior got it
alright see ya I continue to build my
brand more than any other reason and
there's a lot of vanity that comes with
it there's a lot of financial aspects
that come along with it but I want
everybody to know and again my behavior
is proven it because I do I did it
before this happened the single biggest
reason I continue to build my personal
brand is it forces me every single day
to use Instagram snapchat Facebook
Twitter YouTube tumblr it forces me and
then I become the plumber not just the
architect and there's way too many
architects in here and there's way too
many plumbers in here and there's not
enough of people that are going 2030
2040 I live for the year 2040 I'm not
counting my chickens I'm not leading my
headlines
I'm not even incorporating this
admiration that I'm getting right now
I'm zero I'm nothing I'm fuckin dirt I
haven't started I'm a kid
fufufu
no such thing as too fast
yeah
is really bad
no such thing
if I'm gonna see
