hey everybody its Gary Vaynerchuk so
everybody who listens to the podcast
I've been wanting to do this concept for
a long time I did a version of it not
too long ago a couple episodes of the
brown paper bags where we drink wine but
these three wonderful people are not
gonna get served free alcohol you're out
but I've always been fascinated by what
happens when you bring different people
together that are doing interesting
things and just shoot the shit about
what's going on in culture in the game
and I think a lot of people are in this
group specifically I think from what I
know about them from afar have
crossovers and and see certain things
the same way and then obviously have
their unique journeys and points of view
and so I've been wanting to do you know
there's this thing that I used to do
when I was first coming up in the game
in Silicon Valley where I met all the
hardcore Facebook's and Twitter founders
and Hueber founders and they were called
jam sessions where we would get together
at these conferences at like midnight in
a hotel room and for 3-4 hours just talk
about the game right if we would have
won tonight we would talk about
cryptocurrency right for sure we did
four years ago that's why I bought
Bitcoin four years ago so you just get
different ideas and thoughts about like
we would argue about who's gonna be big
who's not and so I've been wanting to do
this thing called pod sessions podcast
versions of the jam sessions and I'm
very excited I have three phenomenal
guests and probably one of the biggest
things that I want to get out of pod
sessions is also an opportunity for me
as my career change is to use my
platform of the attention that I'm
amassing to put other people on that
also sometimes have bigger audiences to
me different audiences to me or emerging
and are doing interesting things that
have caught my eye normally through some
digital connection or the eye of
somebody on my team's digital connection
so that's what we're doing I'm super
excited about it you guys are the three
that are helping me pop the cherry of
pods legends they've been here and so
why don't we introduce ourselves let's
start with the ladies so we go ahead hey
I'm sweety I'm from LA originally from
the Bay Area and I'm an art
and recently just um released my single
I see growing us one really well and so
what's really fun for me on this is that
you literally di mean you're like yo
you're always in the room with all these
dude rappers why don't you bring a girl
let's get the ladies in here I'm like
she's right this year right and you know
she said right here love it let's keep
it going with our job yes husband I mean
that husband wife of a boy with no job
who works for you yes um real name is
Claudia Ashish Rai from New York live in
New York one school in New York love New
York never want to leave everyone keeps
tell me I should move to LA but I would
rather die thank you sweetie about the
fight like we have a conversation piece
I like can seduce me when I'm there like
on the second day cuz the Sun is like
fuck right freeze but it's too slow for
me yeah you're starting to get weirdly
slow I might have stirred to China it's
just the traffic so a lot of people
listening here between your amazing
husband who I know very well because he
works at Vayner on the influencer world
the girl with no job and the boy with no
job so first of all which account
started first oh mine yeah very
important everyone should know yes so
growth no job is a monster mom now
everybody does know so girl with no job
is a monster Instagram account we'll get
into the origins of that but going well
you're super happy all going very
pleased it's good and love yes yeah
cipher sounds I also love New York I
don't want to leave
DJ comedian and everything in between
yes and uh I don't have as many
followers as girl with no job that I
just nobody just shrunk my my my ego
just early when I follow
I'm gonna get there yeah I got it you
guys do something right yeah all right
let's go back around and create the
two-minute origin story like tell me
about your early days what got you going
how'd you how you became an artist I
played your single on repeat all the way
down on my winter vacation and so I
especially like when anytime people are
talking about pasta and seafood dishes I
get excited that was my favorite if I
was back to old days that I used to
listen to music with a tape and rewind
there it's a lot easier now that just
slide the finger back but Joe Borden
reason I like know born and raised in
the Bay Area got it yeah so what
segments la is so I was writing since I
was like 14 years old writing writing I
guess yummy so I wanted I've been
wanting to do this however I didn't have
the resources I wouldn't have the plan
yes so I went to college yep San Diego
but I was like okay this is a B market
city yeah I need to go to a more
shout-out to San Diego that's a B market
is a bit I think that's a compliment
you need to go to LA of course I wanted
to go to the best college apply to USC
got in yep I'm graduated and still
didn't have the resources so I was like
you know what I'm gonna do car revs
that's what I was known for I was like
someone's gonna see these car wraps
I'm was doing it couple of them went
viral I ended up meeting my manager and
ever since then we've been rockin he was
like you know about nine months ago yeah
so for all of you not in the know car
wraps is like a genre that's super
interesting like it just makes so much
sense now that we have cameras and the
ability to record anywhere like I don't
know
I actually think my vlog is a car wrap
like the amount of content dailyvee is
that's at the back of my car is majority
because we're so busy like I've loved
following that whole scene and there's
been multiple people that have popped
off from car rapping did you see
somebody popping and decided I'll do
that too or was it just kind of no so I
had I recorded a couple in my car and I
was like you know consistency and
familiarity is like
important with your viewers and your
audience so I was like I'm just gonna
stay in that cozy in that zone does it
feel like a booth yes my boo I think so
his name is Bruce you named your car
Bruce
yeah girl no job how the hell did that
happen it happened
how's your no job well actually it
happened because I had a job I went to
NYU I was like so bored everyone at NYU
is very career-oriented the NYU part
made it so much better you would never
leave literally never used I in this
city 100%
do you even travel outside of it well I
was just in Mexico and it was beautiful
and everything that I couldn't wait to
get home I get it yeah it's just I'm not
a traveler I know wonderful sixty-five
days a year you spend 350 - in New York
City 363 honestly know what's a Mexican
for two days literally literally no joke
usually 9/10 you're spending 350 days in
the city yeah and you consider Queens
and Brooklyn the city yeah okay yes it
doesn't everyone the five boroughs I
don't know but you you you consider all
those yeah you don't consider Jersey the
city I mean I spend huge amounts of time
there but I would really hate Queens
doesn't everyone so yeah I started this
blog I got an internship in fashion PR
and this was like free Conde Nast
getting sued and now having do pay your
interns yes you should it's the right
thing to do and I don't think people
should pay anybody but that's a whole
different story if you're giving them
actual opportunity I'll explain that
later I know it's an unpopular statement
but yes Tyler I'm not paying you anymore
so I got this internship it was six
years ago it was unpaid it was like
ungodly hours it was just horrible
everyone was like super bitchy and like
mean and skinny and like passion yes I
was just like I'm the opposite of that
I'm so cool everyone loves me and like
it was just I was being so put down
there you know um so I started this blog
called girl at the job it was like on
tumblr it was like the only way I knew
how to make a website back then was a
colorful job with a job and I basically
it was more like a diary I use it as a
platform to like talk shit about
literally harvest beasts you need to
look right up there
that is me investing in Tumblr great
investments huge I mean like that was
like that Twitter and Tumblr were a year
before Facebook like yeah that's what
put me on like tumblr is forever in my
heart know if you have tumblr followers
you gotta follow us everywhere they're
so loyal and like as like a 18 year old
who knew nothing about computers like I
can make a website without having to
like I don't have a host or like things
that I know now it was just great as
young people like most of you are all
young but like doesn't it feel weird
that there's like 17 18 year olds that
don't know what tumblr is yeah the lack
of tumblers like existence does that
fuck with you well no okay are you
excited about vine too
yes me too okay you can very excited
okay so I started this blog was really
like a diary absolutely nobody about it
even like been like no one read it I'm
dating Ben no actually we are dating yet
so I forgave him for not reading it just
like in analogy for like people to me
we're not reading and I think she got
fired because I was terrible they hated
me I hated them and I was like so
nervous that someone was gonna find my
blog so I got fired I changed it for
accuracy purposes to girl with no job
took to Instagram a long time ago we're
like the only one person maybe I was a
freshman in college so like six five or
six years ago okay we're like the only
person I knew on Instagram was like
Perez Hilton like he was like the first
person that's rich in peace ya know
here's the good news Perez can flip it
up and like this is what's great about
the recall like any it's all about
executing properly if you look at who's
winning like it's really funny don't ya
Will Smith's do it
Will Smith is about to take over cuz
he's logging
mm-hmm like you know like he got out of
not being as relevant anymore
make it 25 million 30 million a film is
exciting mm-hmm but like once you've got
money you want relevance again mm-hmm
and I and and you know what it takes
humility that's why he's a beast he's
humble enough to do it right I think
Perez like vine I'm makin prediction it
was putting ethos vine to is gonna be
the platform that Perez rises like a
fucking Phoenix respect like since high
school
I'm done well of course cuz you read his
blog every day every day in high school
how many - 2009 dominated and how you
can have such success and just like end
up where you are is just like there is a
well he just released a video on YouTube
saying that he was an addict and he
didn't say - what really he said not to
drugs or alcohol so he just has an
addictive personality and I was just
waiting for say what he's addicted to
and yeah it's a face tattoo I'm gonna
lose my shoes yeah got fired girl no job
you feel - Brandon on social really the
point of getting on social was like to
drive traffic to this website that I had
understood whereas I kind of just fell
into like entertainment culture on
social and never even really picked back
up with the blog I just fell in verse
like a branch top off moment like one
did like um what did you post
I posted a it was like a picture it was
a snapchat actually of a girl like you
know girls put their thighs like up on
the beach and like hot dogs
yes yeah and so it was like actual like
what you think you see and then it was
actually a girl's fingers like
pretending to be her thighs and it was
not a beach it was like her computer and
she was at work you know like it's to
remember Sri Allah yes and that just
went yeah and away you went
yes okay I mean I got like 6,000
followers in one day and we'll you did
you know been at this point I guess I
did now dating dating and did you text
me like what the fuck yeah nobody were
dying we were just like on my phone
scrolling and like refreshing and what
was he what was he doing with his life
at this point this is just me problem we
were still in college right okay I don't
remember too much of your story man like
oh from the Bronx originally moved to
Long Island in high school that's where
I learned how to speak white
how quickly did you pick it up very
quickly very quickly it's easy to pick
up
well here's why people love this is
today wire yes the airhorn pop-up a burn
yep and why people love the r.kelly
ignition remix I once played on repeat
drive from Wine Library the liquor store
to Atlantic City and back huh do you
love that song
yeah like you like that you know I'm
singing in the hood it's it's okay it's
a good on Kelly song no it's what I did
in the white community favorite are
Kelly song thought is too many real talk
everybody will talk you know real job of
course Kelly that's it
you must have grown up around I grew up
my people yeah I want them out of
college 97% yeah like yeah real talk is
like a deep deep cut no hook that the
end yells out Melvin so yeah so um so I
learned why DJ and I learned why Ahlers
DJ I managed to get good at tennis no no
you never went you never not that way yo
I don't do any sports
that's laureate none you're not athletic
you now hate me no I don't know I don't
like how I you keep going but I'm not
being athletic no problem cause my dad
died when I was young and I'm summing
this other comedian that whose dad also
died when he was young I think that has
a big part of it I probably like
somebody getting followed you know
what's funny my dad worked every minute
influenced nothing of mine cuz we were
immigrants I never saw him yeah it just
were kids in my neighborhood were thrown
under yo bought like there's a million
vet you got a cousin that was a musician
super heavy into music I started DJing
for with this guy DJ raised he
introduced me to Funkmaster Flex of
course I start interning at the radio
station in 97 work fee in 1997
yeah amazing yeah it's perfect yeah
super mess so uh years and years and
years work for no money and just kept
climbing climbing climbing eventually
got the morning show which lasted seven
years and huge run for you yeah I was at
the radio station for 17 years in
between I'm doing a DJ for little Kim I
ain't are that star track which is
Pharrell's label I ain't are that
Rockefeller like I've done a lot of
things at your tool when you bring a
bloke in swing literally this morning
think I sometimes think about my day
when I'm like brush my teeth showering
just thinking about it like I was like
you know I was thinking about you like
talking about the female rapper thing
and I was like man there was a point
where I think Foxy Brown was literally
my favorite artist in the world for like
that that little 48 seconds of that
summer when Rock and Biggie were dead
and I was like fucked up in like fuck it
Fox he's my number one sorry anyway just
when you said Kim cuz that was the
Battle of the time those two was kind of
like fun so nonetheless so you're in
between there are DJ on the Chappelle
show I mean Dave Chappelle then I'm
funny on the radio so people start
saying you're funny you're funny so I
was like all right
people keep saying funny let me try to
concretely comment on the radio years
like it was more like up an improv funny
like you were getting off the hip I'm
like I'm gonna do a set right yeah but
people kept saying like well I just
started doing comedy as to make money
like I'm gonna produce a comedy show I
didn't think I was gonna do comedy it's
just like people keep thinking I'm funny
associate I think I'm funny I'll show
you how funny I give you money
so I did this night called don't get gas
it was one of the hottest comedy nights
for like five six years and from that I
started like doing stand-up yep and then
at one point I was just like okay am I
gonna do this for real and I left the
radio station and at you know 39 38 when
a pregnant wife decide to start a whole
new career good for you man Here I am I
mean I've been doing stand-up let's say
eight years ten eight years but like for
real like where's my bread and butter
like four or five years all right let's
go back around the table this is a
segment that I just made up five seconds
ago
what am i what am i obsessed with like
what is happening right now in culture
or end or your life that you were
obsessed with sweet I am absolutely
obsessed with social media like the
whole fucking thing yes okay let's rank
them in order your of your obsession
number one every day every other app has
to die you can only live there it is
Instagram
great what happens I love like I love
Instagram but I'm starting to love
Twitter he's not figuring out what works
they're small about figuring out what
works for different mm-hmm you found
this new room it's like you found the
dead you've always had in the kitchen be
like wait that's kind of fucking cool
like it can I do in here so Twitter is
emerging Twitter yeah it's what is
emerging what else that's about it so
those two mm-hmm so you're obsessed with
Twitter and face and then Twitter
definitely okay good I mean no job girls
yeah I'm obsessed with everything I
could talk about literally anything for
but till the end of times the number one
thing that you were obsessed with right
now
like stories and live-streaming like in
real time content you know yes like I
use stories more than I actually post on
Instagram these days yes just because it
feels super natural for me because I'm
just like I've started on snapchat a
while ago yes so just like letting
people know what I'm up to at all hours
of the day yes and then seeing how many
people look at it and what that's saying
over like the verified accounts that
watch my stories verified makes it
better
yeah worse that blue check is fucking
status money
not money hooking up and other random
shit that has been happening because of
that B check is fucking batshit crazy
we're starting to abuse it though yeah
like getting themselves verified when I
just don't feel like they deserved it
what 90% shouldn't be absolutely
obsessed I'm obsessed with all the dope
TV shows that are out right now and I
want to make make make TV show you want
to make - yes so what's your number one
dopest freshest TV show I mean listen I
can't break it down I pray categories no
I'm saying I got it you can I'll give
you the airtime to say every one of them
but then you're gonna have to have a
final fucking door and pick one right
now like hand mate Handmaid's Tale yeah
it's sad you don't say it but then I
also love stand-up specials you don't
say like oh that's Agora ya know
necklace right Hailee's you know what's
so funny it's just pattern recognition
is exactly what HBO did in its early
days like comedy is always a pillar
yeah just like sports just like music
fashion comedy is such a pillar of our
society and what I love right now about
Instagram and you've got to give a
shout-out to vine cuz comedy absolutely
played out there yeah and definitely
obviously now Netflix and podcasts for
that matter
I think up for a lot of people comedy
has reemerged
as an obvious pillar whereas if like for
example you guys talking your age group
like 7 10 years ago like 6 7 5 5 6 7 8
years ago it wasn't like comedy was that
in our face now you know like you go
back to myspace with Dane Cook and you
know the tail end of Adam Sandler CDs
and like the Jerky Boys on you know I'm
old as shit so they bring that up like
but like there's these moments where
work whether it's comedy or sports or
music they pop up in reminding us how
important I think comedy is having a
moment yeah comment used to be a super
slow burn you had to be on the road for
15 years in traditional to get
recognized yet and now there's so many
different ways to see it and so many
different ways to do it is definitely
popping off do you feel like do you feel
native to doing comedy on Instagram does
that come natural to you know do you
know I just I struggle with that because
I really love
live stand-up in a club and I feel
that's getting overshadowed by people
doing it on social media do you feel
like do you feel like so it's funny for
me when I hear that I feel like that
everything is tried and true like it
will net like to me I think it's
addition to yes like oh I think I think
we're having way too many conversations
up and you know or in right of and right
I agree
like like ever like I think one of my
favorite things about young people is
that everything's in play now so I love
hip-hop it's crazy to me that there was
only one move in hip-hop when I grew up
in there right early to mid 90s which
was if you're not hard you're out right
and now I literally think like like lil
yachty would have got his face beated
right or second Michael like like like
you can't dress like you can't do that
now you can do everything anything
anything and I think as long as you've
got skills which i think is important
alright fine good girl with no job what
is your ambition going forward I think
you're in a very unique spot from my
perspective okay you have a lot of
leverage
cuz you have a big audience yeah you are
we've mentioned tumblr we've mentioned
snapchat I think you're you know I'm
giving you smart cred off your husband
being smart and I'm sure you learned
everything from you so you're clearly
smart so where do you sit on the hmm
paranoia of is Instagram
gonna be the most important thing for
the next 12 months right 24 months 48
months in 72 months how else am I spread
in this out what am I doing with this
you know how are you thinking about this
unique moment where 99% of the people
listening are trying to get to a place
where they could live on the back of
these platforms you are in that book I
don't know anything even he and I don't
know but I know what your account is
yeah which means to me that you easily
could live your life with that as a
media property but you're also smart
enough to know there's a vulnerability
and so many people have been burned on
being one-dimensional just YouTube's
one-dimensional just Twitter MySpace we
mentioned earlier like Tila Tequila
should still be relevant yeah if she was
able to be relevant in every sea change
brand people get emotional and say well
this is the
I don't like this new thing but that
everything's gonna kill you unless you
embrace it yeah and like I literally
wake up every day and I'm like afraid of
the fact that I don't know what the cool
new app is and any time they meet like a
12 year old who knows who I am I'm like
what do you do on your phone like when
you're laying in bed what apps do you
like what don't you like um and for a
while I like lived in fear that
Instagram it's on its way down and that
snapchat was where it was at so I put
like so much time and resources into
building a successful snapchat which now
just bit me in the house cuz I had a
successful snapchat and like nobody
cares anymore
why why are your numbers showing you
that nobody cares any magic my numbers
are so really strong just from like a
like a whole oh yeah like a cool
perspective I just don't think that
people are thinking that's nap chatez
cool anymore and as a user like I'm so
loyal to snapchat I think it put a face
to my brand yes and my bread wouldn't be
the same if it weren't for snapchat so
anytime I feel like if I see something I
want to capture my hand literally just
goes to snapchat and that's starting to
change because I'm recording more on
Instagram stories now that I am on
snapchat because there's a bigger
audience for me it's like a built-in
audience it already exists and it's just
they're doing such a better job like for
me as I use it as a broadcasting
opportunity snapchat does not help
creators whatsoever find new audiences
Instagram is like putting my stories on
the suggested paycheck it's helping me
find users who would have no idea who I
am I'm sorry podcast so you can see that
she looked at her phone something
clearly was on the phone either yeah no
so it's not my fingers right now and say
with all the leverage you have now what
would be the number one next move that's
outside of your norm of being a content
creator in okay there's two it requires
a one a and then step two because I need
to just build out my digital portfolio a
little bit more before I want to move to
like traditional media yes so I want to
have like a bigger and better YouTube a
bigger and better everything yes so I'm
more well-rounded step by the time I get
to like where like a dream scenario is
like a young edition of the view and
where we talk about things that young
people care about not that like yep
Rosie O'Donnell cares about I need to
have like a full portfolio I'm was old
um I love Rosie I think she's so smart I
just I have I don't know why I the view
is always my example for what's wrong in
modern media but like I'm a 23 year old
woman I don't feel like I'm represented
by
it's upward but I don't think I'm
represented in daytime what about the
real it's closed it's better okay I
don't feel like I'm represented in
modern media especially daytime media
where there are people my age or close
to my age talking about these that I
give a shit about the overt respect for
linear television in this room is
disgusting next sweetie like what what
do we want do we are you in the mindset
you know you know that you're just
eventually you and the team are gonna
put out the song that changes the
narrative your career is that where your
minds at in like are you in the mindset
of like I gotta keep working on the work
putting out good projects and that
inevitably one of those like to me it's
amazing to me how interesting the music
game is to me like I struggle with with
finding a way that people pop outside of
either the album or the single song
being it's a very it's a very
straightforward game which is that is
the moment that changes so many things
it's either that hook that song or that
or that cameo or that album are you are
you just thinking hardcore let me be
about my craft let me keep being better
at my craft let me keep putting out
great songs and and I'll take it from
there
I would say that's one of the factors
however what's constantly on my mind is
marketing yes because that song or that
hook or that whatever it is I even make
sure that I'm always capitalizing on my
audiences it's going to show that when I
do release that it's such as a wide
range of people so that it can pop off
because without that without marketing
like without thinking about that every
day you just you're missing the
opportunity of like expanding your
audience and you're at the mercy of
other people exactly if you're so like
if I'm always thinking about like
widening my range of whoever's like
viewing would you like my work yes
that's awesome that's the number one
thing on my brain because if you're not
doing that then you might how much music
can we expect from you in the next 12
months gut feel you may not have the
answer for that but intuitively how much
music can we expect from you what do you
think I would say maybe two or three
projects and our projects like six
29 songs or three songs and I would say
in 10 to 12 songs got it three projects
in the next year two to three Wow okay
nowadays that's not even a lot that's a
good amount back in the day where you
put our album out every year and a half
two years now music is flying out oh we
have the microwave generation no I know
but that's why these amazing friction
should I mean my big thing is as many
songs as you have in you you need to get
out yeah because you're not at the mercy
of somebody at the radio station or
anything yeah or the label like this is
phenomenal
yeah throw that shit up like if like
this is the most democratized music has
ever been and there's some kid right now
listening like in Ottawa Canada who's
gonna put something on soundcloud that's
40 seconds away from poppin yeah ya know
like when I see girl went viral my song
um someone in Dubai sent me the picture
of them on the beach with my thumb in a
ludus like what yeah once you press that
button and the music you press send the
music goes across the world instantly
exactly when I remember back in the day
and I don't want to sound old but I'm
old like you I used to go to Japan and
we would play I play a lot of 90s
hip-hop because they were so far behind
yep and then as I'm watching the
technology grow ya know how world music
has changed everything has changed
information is moving at a totally
different look that's why you're saying
you're so into marketing because you
know the music is only half of the
battle exactly how many people put out
music you have to be on top of that
other half we're like back in days
artists were just artists it just may
you know there was some more more
entrepreneurial but they just made good
music and then they had hopefully it
would go now you're still on top of it
no because audiences and fans aren't
interested in the artists who who is a
typical celebrity right they're
interested in the artist who is like
your everyday person yeah yeah who do
you want to most work with give me two
or three names just like work with this
business or musically or whatever you
want um I don't want to say I'd want to
work with dr. Dre only because I worked
I worked I saw his documentary Jamie
Ivey
and they're mad scientist I like Drake I
like what he's done with ovo and his
branding he's constantly marketing and
I'm real quick I apologize I think what
Drake is really smart with and I thought
it was what I think one of the best
moves of the year and was the humility
he decided to show in the commercial
with his dad right like people you
understand like people like this is all
high school this will always be high
school exactly like the second you
figure out somewhere for most people
between sophomore and junior year of
high school where you're like oh shit
right if I make fun of myself and I
laugh at myself with my friends they'll
stop picking on me like understanding
the moves I think Drake understanding of
anthropology and psychology of like if I
put a national commercial for my
beverage on where I get clowned and my
dad gets the girl like that is smart
there's not a lot of people who have the
humility in the common hip hop because
you were saying like everyone wants to
be okay you want to be hard
Rach that's why Drake wins because I'm
sure 100% and he's awesome and helps
hello when it's ready for this hardcore
beard do you think he's super is hotter
like one day the trick is hot because
they rig like I feel like drink us the
American dream like he was on Degrassi
yeah and I was a customer with the
injury
like him but I don't know why do you
know what it was like the dark shells
were yeah yeah what were you watching it
on like Nick at Nite yeah literally
all right keep going what was he he's
the dream he's American dream like he
just went from that do you know any of
the other kids under Grassi no and now
Drake is like oh yeah would you you know
her name what uh what's the big North
Star for you in the short term okay next
thing you'd want to sell what I did I
kind of left music you know doing this
comedy thing and what I realized and
what I discovered is that combining them
I'm creating my own lane so I combined
my hip hop friends and all my history
with comedy yeah so I do an improv show
at UCB where I get hip-hop artists to
come tell real life stories and then me
and a bunch of improvisers make up a
whole show on the spot I love that you
know saying and then I do with Dave
Chappelle I DJ like when we did Radio
City we did almost a whole month I
remember I DJ from cracking jokes while
I'm DJing so my job my goal now cuz no
one else can detai and do stand-up but
if they're out there I'm gonna like no
like I'm not the greatest comedian I'm
very good DJ combining it no one's in my
lane I love it and make my own path I
love it what can I do for you let's go
back around the other way you first man
um I would say help me get to as many
followers as she has
but you already do that because I watch
all your videos and learning every day
how'd you come across it do you remember
your stuff mm-hmm
just on Instagram just people posting
all your stuff and what kills me about
you what I love it when someone catches
you in the hallway or after you speech
speak or something and they ask you the
question and you give them the
straightforward answer and they like
blank and like they want like this trick
and you're like no get in the trenches
and work your ass off for years no ten
years you know saying and just keep
going they're like yeah
how do you know know I answered you
already I really do need a yeah but
t-shirt yeah because that's usually the
answer to almost everything I said yeah
but yeah it's like dude he told you the
answer like I love that
straightforwardness I appreciate it yeah
go with no job what can I do for you
well I do you know Andy Cohen yes I do
and eco I would love to also know Andy
Cohen okay just like a personal favor
and I would also just loves their text
Eric Wattenberg shot set it up yes
coffee or drinks
I would you prefer drinks obviously I
flourish with a drink what would you
order oh it depends where we go I would
want to come off as like a lady but all
school so probably like a like a vodka
soda you know got him what do you think
Andy would order oh for sure like an old
fashioned or like a whisk every drinks
let's get yes yeah and who's Andy's
favorite music artist John Mayer very
good keep going now we will actually yes
we need I would love to stay with you
for 30 minutes yes and just like discuss
the social landscape like I'm fairly
certain I know what's going on yes in
the digital space but maybe I'm wrong
okay maybe you want to just triple check
yeah like he's not gonna double check
that I'm doing everything's gonna be
there sweetie what can help you with two
things go ahead so I've seen the
interview you did blow a bogey
yes and I thought you mentioned Captain
Crunch yes I want to do something with
them you love Captain Crunch
I love Captain Crunch every black halo
captain black girl loves Captain Crunch
are you black kid everybody loves him
White's love cats right you know okay
like you understood Mike Boyd let's put
that on the docket yeah same thing
a second thing um I want to learn how
you built your team
I love the interview you did with a bug
yeah for like you shed so many gems and
I feel like building the correct team
around you is really important
we're like expanding like just by the
day you know while I'm wrapping up and
I'm apologize everybody's gonna feel it
that I'm like wrapping up cuz I got the
entire company in four minutes that I
have to address and so I'm gonna bounce
out of here but this is a good thing to
end with because I think everybody
listening will get value out of this so
I appreciate the last thing you said
there's several things that matter in
building a team number one the biggest
mistake people make is they think people
work for them instead of them working
for that / team member I think the
biggest reason I've had success is I
genuinely think I work for Tyler and
Jake and Tyler and d-roc it's my
responsibility as the North Star the
last line of defense to create the
framework for them to flourish not for
them to like be at my beck and call and
I'm the leader and so it's a really
interesting mindset but I think you
start building actual teams when
everything that's fucked up is your
fault as the a the number one and that
everything that's working is shared with
them so for everything is broken with us
I take on with me it's not an D or D
rock or Tyler's fault it's my fault
and everything that's working is a lot
me I believe that but I also think a lot
of them picking up on those nuances
that's number one number two all three
of you have the following amazing
opportunity and I mentioned it early and
it's really ironic but the girl no job
story I believe we're living in an
incredible time I believe that your if
you're a young let me use you as the
example if you were a 14 year old as if
you're an 18 year old young woman that
has enormous aspirations to be in the
music business that interning for you
and the team for six months and not
getting paid and I know we talked about
earlier but if it's for somebody who's
got something going on and honestly
anybody who's bigger than you and in
whether it's more album sold more songs
downloaded more more experience what
have you but ever back to the Dubai
thing all three of you have
terrible day 100 psychotic fans and not
psychotic weird bad I mean all in fuck
with you heavy they're all about you of
those hundred people I'm gonna say for
me too it's not a big number I mean
people that are like in Portland Oregon
right now that if you DM them and said I
want you to follow me around they would
be in the room right now and photography
me and video me and post that in me and
make more time they would rip their
alarm off get on a plane and fly and be
part of your team the fact that in the
same way anybody can pop now anybody can
make music that you can build a team
before you have the finances to afford
the team because it's an even trade it's
not even trade like do you get that way
that what does the government see it
that way well listen you have to abide
by laws and if there's a if there's a
state law like I would want that but I
think there's a minute because it's
under two Boehner right as a human I
don't know rent consult your lawyer not
like like the reality is is that here's
my thing the amount of women that aspire
to be you right now like I know a lot of
them right they would I don't know what
else to tell you I genuinely believe
that Lisa Schwartzman represent in
Millburn fucking New Jersey right now
will get way more fucking value for
working for free for you for six months
she's like 99.9% of the shit she could
be doing I totally agree and if she
wants to email me that has to play out
yeah you have Thunder say guys in 1947
going to college wasn't the right thing
to do it was getting a vocational skill
like shit changes mm-hmm no you wanna
hear something crazy
not only do I think in 20 years the
version of you is not gonna pay
I think the person's gonna pay you for
the right to even be in your circle well
she said I think so thank you but I'm
telling you right now do you not be
fucking people who want to be exactly
what you can teach them yeah are gonna
pay four thousand dollars for some
bullshit fucking course
all right now or some like so building a
team first you work for them period end
of story from now to the end till you
put that fucking star in Hollywood on
the ground and the cement you work for
them it's a big
shift and most people don't get it and
that's why most people don't fucking win
number two take advantage of the moment
there's a lot of fucking kids trying to
build up their comedy I've built interns
who are now stars stars came from my
camp I get it
so I just they're out there I think that
that's the other thing and literally
it's like an Instagram story or
Instagram post or a tweet of like
looking for five huts
like I don't have much to pay right now
but I'll show you the world I'll show
you the inside it's real it's very very
very real and for everybody listening
you know some of you don't have the
money and you think you can't compensate
and you think you're doing the wrong
thing if your intent is right so the
reason I'm never scared of paying
minimum wage or having resident or an
intern is I know that I'm always capable
of settling the score if they're so
fucking remarkable if they do so much
greater than what they got paid I can
always do something down the line and
you know you're up to something and
you've got something going on you can
always settle the score in the fourth
quarter so if you have the right intent
I'm not trying to steal from them all
right I'm trying to get my value good
relationships are when both people get
value right yeah all right one last
thing you can leave them with and I
gotta go one last thing for everybody
listening what should they know what
what do you wanna see I don't know how
anyone else did I know how I did I get
in the room I work for free I show my
value then people don't want me to
leverage that's always how I do it what
can people find you at Cypress sounds CI
pH a and the word sounds please Oh a
truTV I got a new show on TV with no job
Instagram Facebook Twitter all that
stuff Claude with no job you know
building my personal brand respect doing
a live show for my podcast doing a live
show at Caroline's just look me up you
know I'm everywhere um sweetie sawa et
ie Instagram and Twitter and you know
car wraps - doing my first show in
Turkey Istanbul next week so nice
whatever you can do out there
kids social media take advantage of it
love it guys thanks for being on the
show
yeah please leave some social comments
for me feedback - what'd you think about
the format I'm excited as fuck is this
I got lucky all three of them did their
thing this was good this load we may
have to take this on the tour like on
the Mersenne and Andy have their little
thing like now it's just here I mean the
four of us in Carnegie like Oh No murder
murder murder - yeah
you
