sad episode 17 so this week we're doing
a special the legendary gary vaynerchuk
has dropped in to say hello hello and
what brings you to London going um so
I'm on my book tour I have a book called
askgaryvee so Mon tour we're on the
verge of officially opening our London
office some role with Eric and rice and
the crew so taking business meetings
today's really all business kind of day
and then tomorrow I'm a book event and
yes I was in Dublin and off to Los
Angeles which is a nice little schlep
from London on Thursday morning so just
coming through just bill itself with
Southwest as well yep just gave a
keynote at South by Southwest that was
like fun one day woman one day when it's
all over I'll be home Saturday morning
actually Miami but you know some of the
family to the phone yes good so I was in
New York a couple of weeks ago as we
guessed about on the last episode and I
had the opportunity to go in and meet
the team yes and explain to me I'd heard
of vaynor yep in the u.s. we have I
think people understood it as a social
shop when yes started out I do percent
but I was really impressed with the team
that I met there and obviously the
London team that you've got here because
the scope is broadened yeah not and so
what it as a proposition to London and
as an agency what are you bringing here
you know I think you know in our core
were were reverse engineers who care
about attention and then trying to tell
the proper story to create a result once
you have that attention yeah so you know
I you know I think currently and you can
see with the kind of body language that
I bring to this statement currently
we're positioned as a social first
digital shop I mean at the end of the
day we want to execute strategies and
creative execution and paid
amplification in places that we think
actually help whomever we work with
whether that's a non-profit trying to
raise money or that's a sporting team
trying to sell tickets whether that's a
you know beverage trying to sell in
vending machines and see stores and
Tesco we want to help people spend their
money in a place
we think is a valuable place to spend
their money and there are so many places
that we think clients are spending that
are not as valuable yeah whether that be
programmatic banner whether that be
television we think that there's some
places I just instinctively oh you
you're analyzing its instinct its
instinctively at first yeah and then
it's normally proven through actual
sales you know I come from a retail
background so as I've gotten into the
agency and creative world I've found
that I have a very big advantage because
my instincts are to actually sell
something yeah and that helps versus
headlines and awards and reporting yeah
and just basic media metrics you know
not just buying really you can't break
me right saying is that so you're
challenged people are obsessed with with
yeah we don't debate the quality of an
impression hmm and so yeah I mean as
I've become educated over the last seven
years but more specifically last five on
what we're doing here hmm but you know
who those characters are all these these
kind of names I've become fascinated by
the lack of practicality and
practitioner ship in the collective
agency and client side now by the way
there's plenty of things that people do
that for example I believe in real life
activations I believe if done right it's
incredible to activate at Bonnaroo or
Coachella or the world come I think
there's a lot of places to get attention
not just digital and I think the places
i'm obsessed with whether it's Facebook
or Instagram or snapchat in five years
will be disrupted as well yeah but I
like day trading attention I like doing
it for the moment when Seinfeld's the
number one show on television you buy
commercials on it yeah so I don't care
where snapchat arendse remember going I
care that they're under priced right now
yeah and you are you we referred in last
week's episode to you as being as I was
saying earlier as being part of this
disruption is that something you're very
conscious of it are you talking about
the needs and the desire for vaynermedia
to be disruptive because it is going to
disrupt the traditional agency model
like you're growing here phenomenally
farm animal expanding it
I think when people you know I think
when people and look I'm thankful that
you know I was smiling when you said you
had heard of us in the US I was thankful
because you know outside of a couple of
adage references I've been very quiet i
don't think i don't think people really
realize the scope of you know what's 650
employees and 100 million dollar revenue
run rate business we're big company and
much bigger than most people in
advertising world think of us or know us
as you know I've said this a lot I don't
think I'm destructive I actually think
I'm practical I think the market is
destructive I think I think when you're
for example we have a lot of clients and
you may as well and others do that try
to sell to people that are under 25
years old I think running television
commercials is disruptive for a 22 year
old to buy your bubblegum or your
stickers so I I think I'm quite
practical I recognize why people think
we're disruptive I do think that we have
the potential to change the conversation
I do think that we are not passionate
about media metrics or awards or
headlines the way a lot of our
contemporaries are I have empathy for
why people have been because that's how
they get business that's not how we get
business and it's and we get business in
a very funny way we get business because
I get us business from my history of
selling stuff and people knowing it
intimately not what they read in Fast
Company and then our results you know
when we grow sour patches business
through the roof when we grow a lot of
our ABI clients business when we
actually grow our bit most of my
business right now is word of mouth of
brand managers and CMOS going to other
places and desperately wanting to bring
us along because we did something yeah I
ask these questions to Eric and Jeff in
the team in New Yorker they are a big
agencies reacting in a bad way to that
because you must be stealing files then
we're taking scope I still I still think
that the big agencies as you refer to
them are putting us in two buckets one
oh that's just little social it doesn't
mean anything and oh that's just Gary
he's one of these gurus and
there's probably a bunch of interns that
he's paying no money
too they just don't look under the hood
yeah in the same way that they read
headlines on PR week and make their
assumptions on snapchat and Facebook I
think they're doing the same thing with
me and that's a nice way to operate I'd
rather be right now yeah i mean look
that's the mark ender estimated oh then
you can over deliver if you if you go
look and it's fun to have Rebecca here
you know who handles our comms if you go
look at how much has been communicated
about me as a human versus the agency in
the last 24 months it's ninety percent
me surprised because you're so sure and
you know it's funny one could say it's
narcissistic its ego it's things of that
nature to me it's been quite calculated
like I've enjoyed people being naive and
under estimating what we're doing to the
market I have no problem surprising
people look if they've been respecting
it or if they've been naive to it it
would have been regardless because we're
going to execute we know how to sell
stuff and at the end of the day the
Unilever Zanda proctors and the cokes
and the Pepsi's and the BMW's they care
about selling at the end of day
somewhere maybe not your brand manager
maybe not the CMO that needs a headline
to get the next CMO job but somewhere
somewhere somebody cares and the ironic
thing is usually somebody that's
important yeah this is good yeah okay so
Veda coming in July yes you were at the
LA masters of media I was like so I hear
first off that you scored the highest of
all presenters is that true that makes
sense some big-time speaker I also heard
for fear they said no that's true I
don't like I don't like to speak for
free but promised my wife is it went
down very well so what that wasn't that
was a new thing was it going to speak to
the marketers at that kind of it's it's
I'm starting to cut me look I'm doing
this show I'm starting to come out into
this world and it's going well because
honestly look and I already recognized
I'm self-aware when you come with I'm
very competitive let's start with that
and so that's gonna come through on a
speech or in video right now like yes I
want to beat your agency that's real
that's just I'm sorry but I don't want
to do it at your expense I want anybody
who's good to win I really do I love
meritocracy I love capitalism
I like the market I think it's coming
across well because I'm speaking the
truth meaning in the same way that I'll
be the first person as I am now who's
saying Twitter's broken Twitter's a
problem don't spend money on Twitter
after if I was sitting here 36 months
Twitter would be the only thing out of
my mouth I think that I have enough of a
track record now that people are
starting to realize that what I'm
obsessed with is being historically
correct not where I'm making my money at
the moment yeah like you know I invested
a lot of money into meerkat you haven't
heard a word for me about meerkat for
the last year you know why cuz it's not
gonna win yeah like I'm not pushing
agenda I'm pushing conversation that
benefits us all if marketing was better
if media planning wasn't so broad if all
of us tried to sell more products a lot
of us would do better the industry would
be in a better place and so I want
everybody to win I do I want to build
the biggest building in town yes how do
I want to do that by building the
biggest building not by tearing
everybody's building down so i think
what i did in that meeting was i said
look you're acting one way as a human
which means you're not looking at
commercials you're not clicking banner
ads yeah but your marketing all your
money in a different way and you're
doing that because the whole machine is
built on that and i thought it went well
and it was interesting because you know
when you give that talk the first 15
minutes is awkward yeah when you go into
a room and say look i think because
you're not the kind of person normally
they get to see it's relatively
conservative isn't it as a as a as a
environment you know better than I do
you know I'm just starting to I mean I
think everything's conservative so
probably um yeah I mean look look
there's not a lot of people in Madison
Avenue today that had the narrative that
I had which was I first built a 65
million dollar business on the backbone
of what was considered radical marketing
ecomme in 96 email marketing 97 google
adwords the day it started a YouTube
show a couple months after you two came
out my career is built on what I sell so
there's nothing much come up through the
world they become a great account person
or a great creative they team up with a
partner and they start a shop I came
from
a different angle and I've got such a
different point of view that it uh that
it's going well and it's got its pluses
it's got its minuses but will try when a
lot of things I wasn't able to come to
that I'm going to the next day in a
conference in a month or so one of the
areas that the na refocusing on as you
may or may not be aware and they've
commissioned an external company to do a
set of the medium potential media rebate
market in the u.s. right there was a guy
who gave a talk at that conference the
previous year John Gavin del Rey who
really cause some ruffles I saw those
headlines that makes sense to me and the
AMA they've created a task force to look
into that and then they've hired k2
intelligence in New York which is this
let me let me save everybody a lot of
time yeah of course that's go like oh
who doesn't know that that's going on I
don't even know the industry and I do
that was going on not because I knew
that was going on in this industry it's
what goes on in every industry i come
from the liquor business it goes on
there anytime there's big dollars being
rewarded on a human to human level the
human that's deciding big dollars is
getting rewarded by the human that's
trying to get them in many forms bottles
of Dom P getting their kid into Harvard
taking them to the Super Bowl like what
is like of course that's just
incentivizing its human beings it's in
human beings now when you've got only
three or four big holding companies that
drive everything it becomes even more
intense so you can see you can see it
obvious as you say like across industry
is the yes business but now you're in
the media business yeah rub up against
that and if you have more Skills small
you know like I mean I think you are a
policy Oh principle a hundred percent
there's none of I mean that it there's I
am a meritocracy even at my own expense
the end yeah okay the end if we're going
to lose a media pitch because oh the
i'll use different letters the XYZ
agency girl takes the decision maker to
the strip club then i'd rather lose the
business yeah i mean that's that when
you're better you don't have to play
that game well that's good and that's
what we that's what i liked about the
narrator
that we were hearing from the agency
when we went to New York I hope you
continue that in Europe that's a
slightly different market is there any
new ones to the European market I mean I
mean there's the cliche stereotypes that
you know the you that I'm to us even for
us so the personality may may rub some
people the wrong way here's here's what
I know look I was born in Eastern Europe
I grew up in the wine business I've
spent an enormous amount of time in
Italy and France in other parts of the
world people are people meaning like I
don't think so yes do I think there's
some cultural differences of course but
do I think the decision maker at
unilever UK market or Toyota UK market
or Nestle UK market doesn't want to do
deep deep down doesn't want to do the
right thing for their business because
maybe it was too aggressive that's fine
i mean like I'm they all know it they
all I mean they all really know it if we
lose on something that shouldn't be
important then that's fine by us so look
I think every market marketing is a
tactic to help a transaction happen we
do that extremely well yeah um and I
think that um I think that it's going to
go over extremely well in this market um
I'll tell you what really is most
fascinating to me about the London and
general kind of Western Europe market
there's a stunning lack of respect for
how well modern digital is doing in this
market when you look at the metrics of
Instagram and Facebook and snapchat in
the UK market it's like kind of weirdly
more exciting than the US market yeah i
mean the penetration is at full scale
the behavior is quite aged up I think
there's some real big opportunities I do
I think because the US has so many the
startups start there there's also that
six to twelve month pause you know
London's incredible market so maybe it's
a three to six-month pause but and look
I day trade so I'm fast in the u.s.
having an extra six or twelve months for
a UK market or a Dublin market or a
Berlin market is really attractive for
me
good so finally before you guess the
other thing your legendary for is to be
is being a Jets fan mm-hmm we did back
in beginning of every we did a super
bowl special in here and bear in mind
you've met David yes we know nothing
about American football yes and we made
some terribly bad predictions at the
time if you look at the episode of it if
you saw it but we had to jet sure I love
it was I'm gonna go my homage to thank
you thank you thank you for the
inspiration for this by the way I had an
amazing trip here you know the Jets
played here this last czs at Wembley
which I had an amazing time I came best
good so we've got so what do you know
about football european english premier
not just football american football your
stuff yeah um not that much I mean I
watched the world cup aggressively I
it's amazing the english premier league
has gotten a lot of play in the US over
the last 36 months you know i was i
always say that i was should have never
left Europe because I'm a crazy Jets fan
like my respect level for a european
football proper football fans is much
hot like i like that people potentially
can die in the stands like this is
something i respect as a fan so what do
I know what do I know I know that um I
know more than i did 24 months ago but i
don't know how lot but i but i know that
a lot of American businessmen are trying
to buy teams I know that uh I know that
a lot more kids are running around the
US with Messi jerseys and things of that
nature which I know is more Spanish
tuppence not Miley franchise that comes
Miami franchise kicking off I guess yeah
my uh huh mm-hmm one of my business
partners runs the internet the ICC which
is a soccer tournament that has English
Premier League's toward the US so I'm a
little dangerous so we've got to the one
thing I wanted to ask you was just to
make some predictions cuz we made some
terrible oh good let's do it let's do it
so this was there yes our international
game so we don't have lead games this
but we have some internationals Janet we
have a big rivalry as you probably know
between Germany and England yes of
course okay so a couple world wars you
know no big deal it's still a lot that
mr. looking on
should be a week so Germany that's
intense what you ask him what do
you reckon germany in germany i think i
think germany will win give me a school
a 2 to 1 2 to 1 ok hold you to that and
i was gonna look how much you kiss
belarus if i was to have to say here is
that talk about wanting to be historical
that was harder for me to tell than to
tell in entire room marketers that
they're all crooks than her all full of
 that was harder to say to 21
germany i'm sorry and then the other one
else that makes me sad ask you I'll be
rooting for england and that is not even
close by the way belarus belarus will
lose belarus and everything since it's
the last dictatorship why you Armenian
Armenia is gonna win six nothing you're
looking I reckon only you know Belarus
is the last dictatorship in all of
Europe really unless you want to count
Russia yeah yeah how does I'm for you
yeah so thank you for that good library
best of luck with the book I think with
my seats were night at the OU domi
awesome you think your handbook in love
with you thanks for having me remoras
figure is cheers all right great it's
gonna be tough to open up a Russia
office after that oh that's it yeah sure
nori story think do you think ok that's
it for this week thank you for watching
please subscribe to the channel and have
a great weekend great weekend classes
are we thank you she's guys thanks for
having me thanks that's like Bernard
make sure I share this out get you some
real subscriptions hell made you
