almost that time again piece one these
two with my trusty outfit I turn into
airport Jerry
it's a possibly
here
thank you this was last Monday morning
in your life
sister are you hey pretty good a nothing
yeah late how are you you're gonna
finish CNN to you though I'm going out
an hour I'm out yeah just before you I
warming up for you I'll kick it up I'll
get it you know they're about 30 really
good friend of mine Bob doing a big
senator send a picture with you sure of
course thank you so much
one most important steps beginner again
i okay dumped from being small on the
bride it was always selling it was
always getting really quiet it was it
was my ability to sell new clients as we
learned how to do what we want to get it
right if your ability to outsell
yourself and they're the only kind of
business in the most of the most
important things going on it's pattern
recognition AI voice we are efficient
we're going to see it three four five
more times 9 times its and again I
wasn't bullied fun that is right
but whatever intended to Tiger the place
where the descendants the one who
well we got these patterns it's true and
I like that you get really far hundred
percent by the way if I hadn't lived
through four early web 101 throughout
the social you think my feeling about
booyah consumer really I wouldn't have
said ten or twenty years content from a
couple year old you learn that it takes
a little bit longer than you did when
it's that big of a ship I'm just going
to be coring out what you're saying with
my excited Matt do you want me to hold
it
yeah yeah sure full service I'm full
service live interviews record any
degree Alex honey what's really great
when you do rock around for everybody
who doesn't see as a dirac David Rock
who filmed me I have a full team now I
mean I just put in a lot of hours when
Twitter came out in 2006 I spent 12 13
hours a day replying to people I put in
the work you know this you're not you're
not accomplishing what you're
accomplishing without the work like
that's it you sleep left you you watch
less TV you play less games on your
phone you create you work but it's
patience the biggest thing that I'm
scared of for the people that are
watching right now is they do it for
three months they do it for six months
and they give up I did Wine Library TV
my first thing on YouTube for 18 months
every single day and nobody was watching
but I knew it was right and so if I
could give any advice from an old man
here it's a patient which is very hard
when you're 13 16 19 20 to 27 because
you want it so bad but patience is the
game you're us when do you think the
Manifesta had a we see people starting
to pick up on it because it was in that
episode
I'm really really really looks really
grill it
yes hi hi - its online or through our
bishop yes okay I can do it
yeah corporate this one of you one more
yeah you know getting to travel up all
around the world it's just really
fascinating to me that the online
rockstars event here in Hamburg Germany
has become one of the premier event it
comes down to it comes down to people
need permission yeah it's not it's not
about people are confused with the
answers I've given the answer 50,000 I'm
going to give them to yes or no because
I know every single time
this is going to be the time one person
hears that when they needed to and
they'll do to me it's the mission of
getting people to do not you know I
don't get bored I think it you know you
know the platforms change so you know it
used to be like make a myspace page be a
blogger right so the platforms change to
keep it fresh for the piece of states of
things I'm stunned by the lack of
practitioner ship in r3
wh-wh-what in to talk about so many of
you in this room have not started
whether you're talking about yourself or
your product you've not responded the
process now the reality is so many you
are such an early stage that manifest
them should actually just be your
mission right it is doesn't be yet and
this is fake if you make it brings no
value to anybody need to tell me what
you're gonna do which is very scary
suggestion how to execute on the next
part that's so many you have
how Facebook videos YouTube crushing it
but there are so many people here that
shouldn't be producing video because
that is not the best way they
communicate actually from understanding
how this is all working deeper not like
I read the future for the people who are
building futures what I'm good at is
tasting the inter very quickly and
executing with it
I do the biggest thing that holds people
back at fear fear is what other people
think I just want to look back I feel
proud about our the work is not fun you
know it doesn't come natural to a lot of
people we always had people that talked
we always have people that were lazy we
always had people that complained and so
yes I think that's human nature because
it's very difficult to be successful
yeah I mean but that's always been media
you know now it's a bunch of people
growing up Lamborghinis and watches on
Instagram it used to be lifestyles of
the rich and famous and infomercials
like again nothing's changed people do
the same things chameleons have changed
women have stayed the same Hubert mine
Emilia internet International Agency in
the year right so what has been the best
decision you made so far so that's a
good question I think the best decision
I made was to not waver from the
strategy you know when I started selling
social media in 2009 and tens the
biggest companies the world they want it
so I think the best decision I made was
to be very focused to not listen to the
majority of people and to believe in my
intuition that it would become as
important as it became I mean so many of
them are building companies that they're
thinking I'm going to raise more money
and I'm going to build this big thing
they're going to get caught making money
is always a good idea you're not a hero
by losing money every month except
they're wrong but I think that they're
right for that I've lost tens of
thousands of followers through the years
because I put out too much contest but I
picked up billions in return like the
patient's right that's right the end
okay now there's another thing
there is too much content if you're not
good enough but we're growing so I'd
rather look at the numbers than your
friend Pedro's opinion of it okay I
don't care about the question I care
about the actions like why I like you
too is you're doing things you know I'm
saying things and you're doing don't
listen to what I'm saying
watch what I'm doing yeah that's weird
oh yes or the other you know maybe show
people's like 30 cases like three five
faces and four seconds of a creaking the
camera got it I gotta wear what you know
like how I'm sorry what we're what how
we show podcast blogs
I actually want you to win it means that
Gary silly said Gary B would you follow
yourself if you were responsible agent
spent exactly the more I learn from here
the less I give a shit about you and
other crew coaching stepping up my own
one day a lot of you will realize is
because I'm looking at paying attention
on the minority because there's very few
people building substantial business
well selfish things outside of their
success of personal brand at this level
if then I realize one day the difference
between me and for majority of the other
people for giving attention to I
not I want to conceal like I want you to
win but I
and attention not what people say
punch arthelene is here for you
really connect nothing from you we'll
give you everything sure occasionally a
book
occasionally sweater sir glass buy
anything I just have that ship this is
me off
I get all up in you you actually stop
watching and you go watch fucking dumb
fuckers but have half the fucking value
the eighth of the value they feel good
because you don't follow barely be or me
on Instagram
then you're going to watch hucksters
here when doing these doing doing
doesn't mean stop watching me that's the
pattern executed
nothing was you
I want to unfollow this everybody ha
but wait i watch the jet so that I want
them to unfollow me it's just I want
them to do more and more and more such
great thing was craving so I will never
really know
that's way too random Drizzy busy and
there's the other business making money
yeah and the car things your passion
yeah yeah I get it
on Classica you got to be both yeah I
quit taking up too much time
anything yeah a lot of I'm doing the
filming editing stuff and put a little
time I would try to go to the pit I
would try to get I try to get an intern
then help you with summer Sarah okay and
even though you're not big yet you'd be
surprised you look here yeah there's
five thousand kids in Hamburg that are
fifteen years old that have more talent
than you editing yes that will just
think it's cool to edit your YouTube
okay I got here I'm going yeah so I'd go
to Twitter I go to YouTube I'd go to
Instagram and I'd reach out to people
okay your next video on YouTube yeah
make a video that says hey I need a
full-time editor intern but I'm going to
make it one day and I'll pay you back
okay and one person has to believe you
okay not bad right yeah it's just if you
you know what happens people are scared
to have somebody work for them for free
because they're good people I'm scared I
didn't say you have to be rocket first
I'm scared but if I'm gonna do something
I know it's can be successful and the
best thing that ever happened to be rock
was you made a film or two for me for
free yeah rusting hundred percent that's
fucking thing deck so you know so that's
it if the fit so when you get examples
the fifteen-year-old edits for you for
two years and you don't make it
yeah well then you pay yeah one day
yeah you know how you know people don't
understand you know like likes about
trading and then and there's a lot of
ways to trade yes that fifteen-year-old
will get a lot of experience different
areas the fifteen-year-old would set
your alarm to make sure you don't miss
me okay I feel good yeah we're sorry
we're busy here this is um Lister Thank
You Samantha take care yourself yeah
take care my friend
stay well thank you take care are you
doing awesome stuff over you know thank
you so much almost that time again I
paint that time the kids love so much
it's peace one where's the second piece
it's in here somewhere
peace - hey kids it's almost time for
airport Gary with my trusty outfit my
high turn things that you do it I turn
into airports area Homburg thank you so
much great event
lot of good content you know what you
had to write you can get like this
appropriation of a safe with a grand old
man so baby gonna make a record lately
I'm working like I'm living on a mission
I'm a vision but the vision wasn't given
so the niggas I was hidden on the side
now why did you take it see you
struggling suing everyone but no one
else you well you I know presenting a
being I know I've come to terms with
decisions on maple nothing every day and
now they don't say this but forgiving
someone you hand me some positive energy
please I am begging you forward of
course on my sentence or something your
work of course it's important to point
out the duty and I think I've seen like
omega-3 women just simple my friends
you're going to get bored of it
eventually more more MORE
you you do the action
I want it so bad for you I want it so
bad because I'm selfish because I watch
that feeling people coming up to me kind
of to yoke a fuck and I that I'm making
the rice better you help fucking and
cleaning that is thank you for the ones
that are doing and the ones that are
putting more time and effort you're
making two people very happy you and
your world and me and how you only get
to live this life one time once you only
get to do it one time and one very smart
thing a lot of you youngsters can do is
go go volunteer at a nursing home one
time and go hang out with people that
are 70 80 90 like your grandparents or
great-grandparents the number one thing
they'll tell you is they regret the
things they didn't hear so try what are
you waiting for
just because somebody's going to make
fun of you on your YouTube video you're
not going to care in three four five six
here but what you might have left on the
table was the thing that have changed
your life
just got to slow the numbering on the
grand or whenever been our yarn in the
back
