to be self-aware of what they actually
have to add to the conversation you know
being self being a personal brand for
the sake of being a personal brand is
usually the quickest way to not be a
personal brand
what five-minute okay it'll go right in
yeah please I'm just gonna be better no
worries okay
so Gary Vaynerchuk is known for hustle
okay good talk to me what does hustle
mean to you why why is it important for
me it's important because I don't think
any of us in this room or anybody
reading this article can physically
change how smart they are I don't think
we can make ourselves you know more
clever or more strategic but I do think
that hard work is the most controllable
aspect of entrepreneurship and business
that anybody can deploy and I find that
fascinating right like it's very hard
for us to be born with more physical
attributes but if we work out seven days
a week we can be more athletic we can be
stronger I think work ethic aka Hustle
is that same version in business it's
the most controllable and I try to give
advice that is actually practical not
makes me look cool and so that's why I
love hustle
so the postal brand yeah some of you
speak on a lot it's something that
social media has really become possible
for everyone yes so what's the first
step for someone to build that greatly
to be self-aware of what they actually
have to add to the conversation you know
being some being a personal brand for
the sake of being a personal brand is
usually the quickest way to not be a
personal brand I think you have to
understand what you do what you talk
about I mean I talk and talk and talk
and talk and have for the last decade
but if you look carefully in a very
narrow you know I haven't gone into
healthcare or geopolitical you know I'm
not I'm not talking for the sake of
talking or adding my two cents to every
pop-culture situation I talk about the
things that I know communication in a
modern world usually in a social network
environment right and so more and more
probably now in a voice environment as I
become fascinated with that platform so
III think it's important to have a skill
and then the next thing that's important
is to understand how you communicate you
you know I'm guessing right now clearly
can write you know other people can do
audio other people can do video I think
the self-awareness around how you're
going to communicate in one of the three
mediums of how people consume content is
massively important and so what are you
gonna talk about and what's your best
way of communicating that and then once
you understand that what is the current
distribution situations of those things
so if you're good at audio you know you
need to understand anchor you need to
understand distribution of podcasts they
need to understand Alexa briefings
written word you need to understand
what's happening on Facebook and
LinkedIn and medium and contribution
opportunities and then video you need to
understand YouTube and Facebook and
Vimeo which reminds me I still want a
Vimeo movie ASAP uh so but if everyone
has a buzz little brand and is their
point in having one of course it's
called supply and demand you know
everybody has a personal brand having a
successful personal brand is very
different so if so your first step would
be to lower your role basically you've
no chance of breaking through the supply
and demand issue unless you have
something to add and so you need to
figure that out so when did time to get
so a lot of entrepreneurs would look at
someone like you and me you kept on
pushing ups pushing but sometimes you
got to know when to give okay yes so
what would you tell a lot to me about
you know you know perseverance and
delusion are kissing cousins right
they're very close and I think a lot of
people make the mistake on that and that
is something that it's hard for me to
give advice in a general sense because
the only time when I know how to give
the right answer to this question is
when I've spent at least 15 2 to 3 hours
of meaningful time to be like ok you're
delusional
you're not good at this you've been
doing this for 3 years
you think you're gonna break through you
can't sing bro you're not you don't know
how to sell stuff you know my friend so
I don't think this is the easiest
question to answer in general terms but
I do I do
structure it as saying perseverance and
delusion are more similar than people
realize which with the hope that
somebody reads this says wait a minute
my delusional or my just a couple years
away from breaking through you know
that's the real answer to your question
you know I think gut is scary because if
you don't have a good if you don't have
good self-awareness your guts gonna tell
you to do it but aka your delusional I
think use people around you use
historical success you know and then and
then I would add one last thing I would
argue I'd rather somebody continue to
persevere around something they love
doing like if you love making ice cream
sundaes and you want to become the
number one expert of ice cream sundaes
with the hope of opening ice cream
sundae stores i weirdly would rather you
not all the way make it kind of live
paycheck paycheck to paycheck but be so
happy then go and do law be miserable
and make a little bit more money that
allows you to take a vacation or have a
fancy car so it's a complex question
right that's exactly what you mean I was
16 all I want to do is play video games
and write I write to the newspaper and a
cold email if you hire me I'll work for
free right and to me if you know now I'm
getting to know you I'm like hey bro
have you thought about really getting
focused on writing about eSports because
I think that's gonna be a big space for
the next 20 years so these are the
questions and to me you making eighty
seven thousand dollars a year writing
about eSports is more attractive than
making 210 as a consultant in the way
that I view life some can argue to me
that they are so insecure that they need
a Rolex and a BMW and that's what
scratches the itch for them and I'm okay
with that I would just argue that if
they tasted what it felt like to make
eighty seven writing about eSports and
maybe living in a renting apartment
instead of owning a bigger home I mean
you know this is advice I take for
myself there's a million things I can be
doing I could own a townhouse in New
York City I could have a home in Dubai
in Singapore and London if I was willing
to do things that made me more cash but
I love doing what I'm doing obviously
for me it worked out because I could
have a little bit of both but there's a
million different versions of that so
when you saw that weighted media what
was the what was going through your mind
to build a marketing and communications
Deathstar which is funny to be in this
office I call it a machine I call it a
death star I call it a platform I call
it an ecosystem call it what you want to
eat for ten years - to eat my own
dog food the advice that just came in
the last question spent 10 years loving
it grinding to build a platform so that
I could buy businesses in my 50s and 60s
and run them through the Machine and
create disproportionate return on the
investment I can buy Kleenex
I can buy k-swiss I can buy Aquafina in
eight years and build an incredibly big
business because I spent these ten years
building Manor X the holding company
that has vaynermedia pure Wow the
acquisition I made which is getting
myself into publishing you know I've
been debating starting the premier
Sports Illustrated ESPN of eSports you
know so like you know these are the
things I think about why would I do that
because if I have the number one eSports
48 million list readers each month in 11
years if I buy a brand a hoodie company
supreme an energy drink having that
platform is gonna help me build that
business understand it's all about
connecting the dots connecting dots
absolutely so when watching your vlogs
boys take something you yes
you think it's huge huge I use Google oh
my is Alexa I'm still feeling this local
app there is no killer app so what would
needs to be done in this space the
killer app needs to come out so that's
just it that's it that's right
you need the pokemons go that gets us
say wow they are you need the I'm trying
to think about the iPhone Angry Birds
and makes us a gaming you need a you
know the killer app but but but the
ecosystems so young I mean this is this
is
so early so early so we have all these
different walled gardens we have Google
with Amazon yes so how do you think that
these big boys should be playing it I
say I think they should continue to put
up walled gardens it's a far more
profitable that's how they make money
okay I mean you know you know I don't
think Google or Facebook or LinkedIn
Mike LinkedIn Microsoft or any Apple has
any obligation to society to open up the
data so we have it better I don't think
that has anything to do with business
yeah take a step back so I love the
dailyvees of costs thank you so what was
the inspiration to stop this and do
these must be a lot of work you know to
lhamo it's actually not a lot of work
it's actually been an incredibly smart
strategy to be honest you know I lived
my life
somebody documents it they post produce
I am not egotistical or or too romantic
and so I don't really get involved in
post production I mean it literally I
don't even know I mean it doesn't take a
lot work at all which is scary compared
to the impact it has it creates a
consistent show which works it also
feeds all my written audio and other
micro video content I mean the fact that
I can put out a clip on Instagram a
couple days ago that gets a million
organic views and have that branding in
that 20 you know 20 to 35 demo that I'm
so desperate to have and the fact that
that was just one moment of me being at
Wine Library on a Saturday giving a
thirteen-year-old kid some advice that
we post edited and chopped up in
post-production on my media team
internally
that's incredible like I'm I'm I think
I've figured it out macro content at
scale which then creates micro content
at scale all of which doesn't do
anything to me other than force me to
actually live my life I'm not doing
anything today for daily be I'm living
life and so it's a very interesting
thing that I'm doing because I'm
confusing a lot of people I've created
an incredible perception that I spent
all my time on my personal brand in a
world where I spend none of my time
my personal brand I'm I'm spending 15
hours a day being the CEO of vaynermedia
it's pretty cool I'm very I'm very very
very proud of the model I've created and
I do think that in ten years I will be I
think when I started it there was
definitely ridicule behind the scenes
it's a very narcissistic you know
charlatan like situation I'm empathetic
to that like who wakes up one morning
and thinks that they deserve to have
somebody following them around 24/7 that
takes a level of I understand why
there's some cynicism pushback
I'm just fully aware that this is what a
lot of people are gonna do in a decade
so you mentioned twenty nine to ten year
old bracket is something you're super
unique visitor yes so does everyone else
yes but this generation we are
incredibly fickle yes we have no loyalty
correct we don't really care too much
yes deep so how do brands how do
companies reach out to by accepting that
and then realizing they have to bring
value in a disproportionate way what
value am iliyan different things
depending on who the hell they are
you know like you know inspiration
motivation information entertainment the
same exact thing that 45 to 60 year olds
are looking for it just comes in
different form humans are humans
escapism utility look at your iPhone I I
ask everybody who's reading this article
to take the front screen of their
telephone and look at it right now the
apps on the front screen of your
telephone are the biggest indication to
what you give a about in the world
let me save you some time and tell you
what's on the front screen of your
telephone communication utility and
entertainment the way humans work so you
have to be good at those things
why does venmo work its until II that
brings people value and saves them time
just like uber right why does Spotify
and YouTube work because it's
entertainment it's called music and
television and film
why does snapchat and Instagram and
Facebook and Twitter work it's called
communication we need to communicate we
have to scratch a ditch I'm very very
old-school
I just understand how to interpret in
new school
Gary Vaynerchuk so gary vaynerchuk's
home screen is like every single other
person's it's disproportionately social
because I'm a media creator and then
it's utility right so resi an app that
I'm involved in which is a restaurant
apt right Travel weather like everybody
else and then Spotify and and YouTube I
mean just like slack I mean like you
know the same as everybody's I have less
entertainment there's no gain right
I don't watch YouTube I distribute
content but it's really no different
it's it's the quickest tell I know about
somebody in four seconds if I look at
their home screen it's incredible yeah
well you got it so uh two social
platforms that really treat me that you
must Instagram what is the secret to
this greatness or a medical Instagram
short snappy people don't have a long
attention span so what are the rest
what's the recipe for greatness my
belief today something that is a
snapshot of what's actually going on in
your stomach and I I say that you can
use the word stomach you can use brain
you can use heart I think I for example
I am actually unbelievably motivated and
grateful and I believe that my
motivational quotes work on Instagram
because it's my truth not because I
think motivational quotes work for
example you know what really works on
Instagram incredibly beautiful pictures
do you know how many I've posted in the
last four years zero cuz I don't know
how to take a beautiful picture so I
don't ask the rock or babban or people
that could do that for me to do that so
I can post it it's not what comes from
my heart brain or stomach you know if
you are actually an incredible fitness
person and you understand Fitness you
know it does well your fitness content
now the fact that you're attractive and
you understand lighting and and angles
helps but there are tons of I mean it's
unbelievable when I go through my feed
or explore or look at people engaging
with me I'll see somebody DME and I'll
oh that person's good-looking girl or
boy and I'll be like I wonder how many
followers they have and the amount of
times I click and they have four hundred
fifty or six thousand like this makes no
sense supply and demand but also does it
come from their soul and so I think
anything can work on Instagram humor you
know beautiful images quotes micro clips
that are insightful it's very cliche but
I genuinely think at this point because
of the maturity of the platform the only
thing that's breaking through is truth I
think so
we've Peck fooled with these schema I
know I'm talking about LinkedIn LinkedIn
not many people I could confuse his
hello a LinkedIn like I love it like my
friends call it my version of tinder
which famous person loved it so uh
you've obviously figured out LinkedIn is
yes talk to me how does one maximize
LinkedIn what happens LinkedIn is real
good for me because I'm a businessman
it's a business environment and so I
think LinkedIn is an incredibly
interesting place for deeper longer form
content around business and so that's
you know Colin on my team a writer and
Syd on my team you know just what I
would call distributor and and an
architect of our content they've spent a
lot of time on on it and I I give them a
big head nod for my success on LinkedIn
but I mean that's a natural place for me
right to me that's a home run
environment because I have a lot of
business content in my head as you're
interviewing me for this you can see how
natural it comes to me it's my ethos I
don't have to think twice I can talk
about business literally 24 hours a day
until the day I die and will not run out
of content because it's my truest self
it's all I've ever thought about
literally since the time I was five
years old it's why I was such a bad
student I couldn't turn off my head from
thinking about selling and buying and
trading and understanding why people buy
I mean why were kids interested in
Garbage Pail Kids in 1986 that's not
what third graders do they're just
interested in Garbage Pail Kids I was
interested in why so long form content
because when you're in LinkedIn and
you're in your tender moment of business
you're in that mindset you're in you're
ambitious you're in your what you do for
a living you're in your business mindset
you're in a very different mindset when
you're on Instagram and so what I think
I'm doing very well
that is very subtle is I create content
for the mindset and the psychographic
nature of what's happening in there not
the demographic nature let me expand on
that all of us in this room are the same
 person we're us
but when we go into six different apps
our brains chemicals are different you
know you know
instagrams escapism for a lot of people
they're you know checking out attractive
people they're looking for a laughter
they're keeping up with culture that you
know you're not acting this your brain
is not in the same place on Instagram
and LinkedIn
I make content for that reality that is
why I've won more than almost anybody I
understand that and even my own team
doesn't hold a candle to me in copy and
nuance to that subtle trait so Twitter
is not very big here
okay maybe to this fall off this
Remington in Facebook yes um of course
now with dat in the office Twitter seems
to be more popular than ever
why what did you say because because of
what's happening in the states you know
you are accessing the demo to see what
Donald Trump says okay okay makes sense
I understand go ahead so how should
people so now that we're just coming on
bond as a reasonable medium how should
people be using it how should people be
looking at Twitter was always the
anomaly in social media because it
wasn't a Content play it was a community
play and that's why so many people
struggle with Twitter both media
companies and individuals it is the
platform to listen not talk and nobody
wants to listen
like would you loot it today yeah I mean
you know it's the one place you can jump
into any conversation mean the fact that
you can jump into any conversation so I
LinkedIn it's super fun for you to look
at Branson or Cuban or Barbara Cochran
on Twitter you can literally reply to
them on something they just said and
they'll actually reply to you I mean
look at every a list personality
ninety-nine percent of them if they're
active on Twitter that is the place to
get an engagement from them far more
than Instagram LinkedIn or Facebook
including myself the way to get me to
reply and see what you're up to is far
more likely to happen on Twitter because
it is built for communication not for
distribution of content right and that's
why it's failed so many because
everybody just wants to put out content
have people consume it impact them for
what they have selfishly behind that
content and move on right but for
somebody that's a quote unquote nobody
Twitter's the place to go you start by
listening and talking it's what I did I
was a nobody in 2007 on Twitter what did
I do
I responded to Leo Laporte and Kevin
Rose and Pete Cashmore and more
importantly I searched the word wine and
every single tech nerd that said I'm
going to Napa to drink wine this weekend
who worked at Salesforce or Microsoft I
just replied and said what winery are
you going to and they were like whoa I
don't know
and then I replied well you should go to
whitehall lane and then they would look
at my profile and see Wine Library TV
and they're like thanks dude one by one
by one by one twelve fourteen sixteen
twelve fourteen sixteen twelve fourteen
sixteen hours a day and then I was
somebody because eh I spent fifteen
years learning about wine so I knew
learned how to send them and be because
I bled out of my eyeballs for
fifteen hours a day and put in the work
and no platform can do that for you like
Twitter because you don't need to be
great at creating content to be noticed
you just have to be good at replying to
information around your expertise but
most people don't have the humility when
they're an expert cake maker to spend
three hours a day replying to people
talking about cake on Twitter because
their fan
see and that I can even deal with
because you're an expert cake maker what
really pisses me off is aspiring kids
who want to be somebody think their time
so valuable that they can't put in four
 hours replying to people on
Twitter okay yeah very much time okay
last one so thoughts on influencer
movement it's big I mean I work a lot my
friends so now every time I speak to
unity of a peer yo how can we gauge
influences Keo else but the Taylor key
opinion leaders are that is everything
over that's the Asian kind of edge China
mainly report that's China's terminology
that I think is bleeding into Southeast
Asia terminology but anyway influence
just K walls go ahead so what give them
their brand and get the hell out of the
way and as long as you're not doing
something egregious approve the content
they know their audience way better than
the brand does so if they want to take
the bottle of water and put it on their
head and do this that's gonna work for
their audience because that influencer
knows that and no brand manager should
be like no no no our brand never goes on
the human's head if that's the case then
run print ads and get out of influencer
marketing so it's a marketing is brand
new social marketing is not brand new
okay influential marketing has been
around since john wayne was putting
cigarettes in his mouth for Lucky Strike
right it's it's its endorsement
what's what's new is the long tail of
endorsement and the gross underpricing
nature beyonce is overpriced
Shmi on say is underpriced and scale
forty forty four hundred four thousand
influencers for one brand versus one
celebrity endorsement george clooney
right that's new and that's something
they don't understand yet but it is
absolutely under priced and has always
been under priced other bands know
we'll look funny run analytics look at
their audience segmentation understand
their distribution make a qualitative
and quantitative decision like they do
with anything else that distributes
information
so right now brands are not getting it
right it's it's not the brands are not
getting right it's that agency partners
are not positioning it right to brands
to figure out how to use it right
because it's awfully difficult to make
money and influencer marketing the way
that media companies want to make money
ok well now we do have one more time so
I'm just gonna display any person yeah
no worries so I started off in print
print speed my life I still I still hold
it up above many things but is my is my
industry dying is it what could happen
if you think your industry is that paper
and print on that paper is the Holy
Grail
sure right if you think your industry is
communicating through the written word
it's never been a better time but
monetization is hotter than it's ever be
ah for the for the big guys yeah sure as
it should be you know why you can write
directly on medium distribution has been
commoditized okay when distributions
commoditized the creators have the
leverage the IP has the leverage so Star
Wars 13 can come out directly on Netflix
right it could it could it maybe won't
it could right distribution has been
commoditized the Internet is the
middleman so for a right to look even
make his first save your advice is
content well for the earth you should
write everywhere as often as possible
your one article away from your career
changing ok interview is done thank you
so much for your time mr. Gary such a
pleasure
