my big thing is that I genuinely don't
think most things matter and so and so
I'm very big on lack of ego is why I'm
good at delegating
I actually think way too many people
suck at delegating because they're
egotistical and they don't deploy enough
humility and they actually are
micromanaging out of their own
insecurities and so I it's very easy for
me to delegate because because I trust
people and I trust them up front you
know my dad oh he says you've got to
earn my trust and I always say I'm
giving you trust and you've got to lose
it and actually it's kind of hard to
lose I think that's allowed me to go
fast it's allowed me to scale I think
it's a differentiator and I don't think
anything can really cripple me and so I
give them the room I think delegation
has a lot to do with ego and and
insecurities and I watch and I'm able to
do a lot of things by giving people room
and and to me if I'm doing 97 things and
97 people are helping me and they're all
ranging from if a 10 was perfect
execution from a four point two to a
nine point seven doing 97 things from a
four point two to nine point seven is a
hell of a lot better than doing one or
two things at a 10 point oh the net
score game that's how I'm wired and
that's how I strategize and then I and
then as people prove that they could do
9.2 8.7 work I move them up and if they
prove they can do 11 point o work I
remind them that they maybe should be
doing it something up for themselves so
that's that's the bottom line
the garage the firing of the youth
narada and stoner one apologetic
