here are the things that run through my
mind I would say the primary thing I'd
probably ask myself is is this action
going to lead to somebody showing up at
my funeral if you really ask me what the
fuck I do for a living it's that I'm
trying to create a legacy because I'm
either a so egotistical that I want that
or be loved human being so much because
I do and so I think I've popped on
social now so I think a lot of what I
think about is what's the legacy of this
maneuver like right now this is fucking
stupid for me doing an interview with
you for 15 minutes is fucking ridiculous
I love it makes no goddamn sense but I'm
feeling pretty good about the odds of
maybe this leading to you showing up to
my funeral like like yeah that's how I
think about stuff so so I'm very big on
how what does it impact how does it
impact me and more importantly the other
person in the narrative that I care
about which is I think I was gifted with
some real crazy shit enough talent to be
able to do my thing for me and still
have so much left over to give so much I
mean that to me is crazy
