get a real fucking workout in real stuff
Rose rose I'm trippin a pedigree meaning
our special my specialty putting the
words alright here we go here we go
Facebook good to see you let's see we
our lives I hope everybody's super well
and doing great enjoying their weekend
trying to find different ways to hack
daily bees when I'm when I'm not
surrounded by Tyler and d-roc and all
those characters so decided to do a Q&A
on Facebook as today's daily be so while
this audience builds why don't I
Yap a little bit and tell you guys maybe
a we can recap tomorrow's biz dev Sunday
but today it was a good week I was in
Ireland I was in in Brussels last couple
episodes of daily be have been
remarkably strong oh by the way you guys
haven't see this this is actually
amazing actually some of you have seen
this or any this is my Macho Man hoodie
but this is really this is pretty
remarkable I'm actually gonna do this
entire daily be as macho being room yeah
yeah justifiably in a position that I'd
rather not be in but the cream oh yeah
alright so I'm gonna do the only be as
Macho Man Randy Savage let's do this
let's do uh let's do some some Q&A what
I learn
in Ireland and Belgium is that so many
people still are just looking for
permission to do their thing way too
many people asking and looking for
permission so what do you think your
biggest weakness was in your
mid-twenties that kept you from reading
your current status Henry I'll be honest
with you I think way too many people are
paying close attention to their
weaknesses even this is I think symbolic
and I think the theme of maybe this
episode which is Henry I'll be honest
with you I'm not sure what my biggest
weaknesses were and I'm not sure what
everybody's weaknesses are but I know
that way too many people focus on them I
would be blown away and happy if more
people would pay attention to their
strengths versus their weaknesses I'm I
don't know what my big weaknesses were
at 20 I really don't care
I knew my strengths were selling
leadership intuition of where the market
was not being fearful of new
technologies and my answer to your
question is you're asking me to give you
an answer about a weakness of mine so
that you could address this I would tell
you that your biggest weakness is the
same biggest weakness that I see from
99% of people which is you're more
inclined to focus on your weaknesses
than your strengths this is the binary
switch to me this is like a switch right
to me this is like to me this is very
simple I'll give you an example here it
is to me it's this it's just a switch
right either you're on or you're off and
to me way too many people are on on
their weaknesses and I just want to be
on on my strengths so that's my answer
for that and that will be the theme of
this episode which is enough focusing on
your fucking weaknesses I mean we have
to get serious about strengths we just
have to please please anyway
couple more questions and we'll keep it
going what are the top 5 things angel
investors look for in early-stage
startups Israel at this point in 2017
this is a huge mistake for so many they
don't realize this is the case be
solutely over no more bullshit startups
getting funded that the 2007 actually
2010 to 2015 bubble is over Israel
you need to actually make a business now
in traction you need hundreds of
thousands of users or you gonna get
shitty BCS or dumb money so news alert
another theme of this episode better
your strengths here's a second theme the
party's fucking over
dumb fucking businesses are not getting
funded the way they weren't three four
or five years ago two three years ago
even eighteen months ago people of the
supply and demand of real entrepreneurs
real good startups is really difficult
to figure out now and people are being
way more selective the angel investors
that I grew up with the Dave mourns the
sokka's you know the Kevin Roses
Travis's have gone on to either build
great funds or big businesses or focus
on their own thing and so I think you've
got to actually build something with
traction a Gary Vee I'm thirty nine I
just started my own business in
September as a health and fitness coach
what advice would you have for me to get
word out there through advertising
Francis there's a you know just there's
a lot of ways I mean I did an episode on
how to do DM you know marketing on
Instagram not too long ago hustling 24/7
on the Instagram DM it is the 2017
opportunity content everyday you know
you know hashtags on Instagram DMing
Instagram other Fitness people just
putting in the work man
patience I mean you just started
everybody you know you know there's so
many ways to do it if you've got money
you're on Facebook ads and influence ads
if you don't you just put out content
and you wait I think way too many people
when they start off with zero are fancy
and they're not putting in enough free
work free has such a negative you know
it's not free when you don't have
anything I mean I love when people like
don't do free work if I was a trainer
and nobody knew who I was I would DM
everybody who has a hundred thousand to
five hundred thousand followers or more
on Instagram and offered to do it for
free
right period you know and so I just um I
don't understand why so many of you that
are just starting out or so damn fancy
my biggest strategy when you're zero and
nobody wants to pay is to do shit for
free and then use the exposure for for
you know for new clients I mean to me I
love doing shit for free I said you know
and so that would be my number one
strategy do free workouts with people
that have huge audiences and tell them
and that free workout you're asking for
exposure in return you know so that's
that's kind of how I see it we cut radio
direct mail Facebook drive sales into
our brick-and-mortar any thoughts on how
to leverage traditional channels to
drive social no Chad just use more
social to drive social like you don't
need traditional to drive Facebook do
more Facebook do more Instagram
influencers you know do more searching
on Twitter do more digital you know like
why are we holding onto traditional fuck
traditional and fuck digital that has
almost like banner ads or other
pre-rolls you know or overpriced other
things that need your little hot tip on
this Saturday night snapchats open
filter filter marketplace five dollars
an hour for twenty thousand square feet
it's a you make a custom filter it's
incredible branding more and more of you
have to pay attention to it
check it out geofilter on-demand
geofilters check it out it's I'm
starting to really get excited about it
um cool one more question and thanks all
of you for hanging out on this Saturday
appreciate thank you so much for all of
you that are given love on uh on
Instagram it's really going down on
Instagram looking us John Bates I've
been in the fitness injury for over 30
years and I've done thousands of free
workouts right on cuz you're smart John
that's why you've been in it for 32
years
people coming into some new market for
30 minutes and they think they're fancy
and they're like I'm not doing spec work
my time is worth something
your timing work shit if nobody's
willing to pay for it if nobody's
willing to pay for your shit your times
with zero motherfucker anyway shit gets
me mad everybody so fancy now fancy damn
entrepreneurs fucking bled out of my
eyes my whole life people think it's
like luck and like what like privilege
or stumbled into shit put him work
motherfuckers when you're at zero I came
into the agency world after building six
you know 60 million dollar wine business
built on my brand books peaches and I
still did work for free cuz I was now in
Madison Avenue and I had to establish
myself there I'm not getting paid
anywhere close to my commissions for my
time now at Vayner Sports help and AJ go
that like when you're in something new
the market doesn't give a shit what you
were before nobody cared that the rock
was the best wrestler now that he came
to Hollywood he had to pay his dues
nobody give a shit nobody gives a shit
of what you came from before when he
come into something new you gotta
fucking work I built a huge wine store I
want to get into tech you know I did my
first three tech meetups I didn't walk
in like I was somebody even though I had
up top a thousand followed yeah I was
one of thousand top follow people on
Twitter on my way to being a top 100 and
boom boom I get into the tech world
first three meetups I pour wine like I'm
the he'll become a fucking waiter like
I'm the fucking help because I knew I
had to eat shit
I'm Li I'm ending it with this that's it
there's nothing else to say like people
fucking fancy get the fucking work here
I am fucking family Saturday night at
the top of the game but I made a
commitment to do a daily vlog so I gotta
hack it
what do I do I get on fucking Facebook
and answer questions for 10 minutes I
don't want to necessarily do that but I
got to put in the work you want to win
climb the mountain put in the work
love you guys thanks for having me
for you I was no one that was there
where you are now hey wasn't careful you
are to identify for you
