no reason to write I mean you know what
when you when you're young cry trash
different got like once you get close to
four years Oh like nine natural causes
shit like that right four years old in
shape you know my friend Dustin just
come back you guys know who Howard
Bingham is famous photographer so Howard
Bingham son Dustin I go to college this
is when my best friend's come in Bob and
his brother Damon he could be Ollie
movie with Will Smith pass away if I'm
crazy
Ali died a man died and Howard Bingham
died that you might've saw always in
like a year yeah four hundred trillion
to one
you know that's my I talk about
everything like well not when I think
about the fact that my dad could have
you know the side take a shit and like
like you know how hard it is to become a
human like like 400 trillion for one
like there's no math like you can win
like ninety NBA championships in a row
more likely than being a human being
