no matter who's making America great now
50 years going on drives a truck I'm
going to be happy because there's gonna
be a 7% growth over the next five years
then all the sudden bang ups bang
American Express public reserve remover
automated you're all fired
what am I going to do then because I'm
sitting is telling you the Americans
gonna be great I'm pretty good forever
yeah I mean Logan that that's going
political like anybody anybody that
thinks the president United States
whether it's Barack or Donald or Bernie
or Hillary is going to help them they're
fucking loser
straight up I promise you you are that
means you need some so like whether
you're whether your president is for
minorities and females or your president
is you know for the 26 year old white
male that's got no skills here's the
punchline the market is the market what
is the 54 year old going to do adjust or
move right how do we how do we get that
message out to say you know what you
could probably drive up to 55 you can
program and test and doodle for united
solving the BMW they said that they
can't get enough kids to be pretty
technician because this theory is the
old the old the olden cab with the big
grease on his shirt I was going to the
head of the heavy machinery operation
meaning crane operators they said their
jobs are empty for 15 months these kids
can go to school for one year come out
make $150,000 but yet they're going to a
school 50% of them will retire with the
title of a job it does need this today
they're saying is over four years
happens digital classes they're leaving
was $300,000 deadly still don't know how
ready to go so how do we get the parents
in this room to save that money how do
we get the kids in this room when that
kid was rumored Luminox online to
understand what they need to do move
ahead and nothing but diplomas that save
me the president's going to save me
welfare going to save me or anything
else how do we what happens in what
needs to have carnage
carnage needs to happen people are
complacent here is most people's
strategies in life I mean I I really
have no passion for this conversation
like if you are not capable in 2017 to
Google shit and figure out what's going
on in the world fuck you
I'm being dead serious
I'm being really serious like what role
does the government play or thought
leaders or this and that
whatever that cliche statement of like
the teacher comes when the student is
ready right I believe in that thing like
like I don't know like I'm not lots of
things happen like lots of things happen
in life right I woke up one morning and
realize you know what this liquor
shipping law is never going to get
better there's dirty politician money
they're going to keep paying this off
and I'm not going to spend the rest of
my life worrying about what the right
thing to do is and what's right no
they're going to keep paying off
politicians state by state and because
I'm the biggest I'll always be picked on
so I just it I started over I started
over like I started over like this whole
Wine Library thing and I got so lucky
guess what I own zero percent of Wine
Library because it was under my father's
name so I had no collateral to even
start it started vaynermedia by getting
somebody to pay me eighty thousand
dollars to do a marketing campaign and I
built it and so that's what's going to
happen and everybody has their version
not everybody has my business talent to
build billion-dollar companies but if
you're making seventy four thousand or
one hundred ninety seven thousand or
whatever you're making and your market
gets fucked I don't see truck driver
Johnny
feeling bad for Rick the bookstore owner
because Amazon came along this happened
this has happened forever you're the
first time the innovation fucked shit up
nobody's crying for the farmers in
Middle America nobody's crying for the
people on Cleveland who owned the docks
this is what always happens so this is
what's up now and so what 55 year old
Charles have to do when Hugh is out of a
job is get another job whatever that job
is so Charles is smart and has skills
he's teaching himself something now
to be ready for three years from now
patron wants to watch football but
Charles wants a drink at the bar
the meeting is what is 20% into what's
going on future mister that's right in
fact that you're damn right
