it's a big idea Jordan bizdev Sundays
here we go doesn't matter like a visible
a nice to Eternity muscle like my name
is Gary Thomas I've been telling you
accountability I'm triple-a given a
pedigree has there been enough special
my specialty I'm putting in the work
that I'm doing are the moving furniture
eleven
like almost 8 o'clock at night it's been
a weird weird day not to work out Jordan
just passed the laundry room heard
people yelling guy yelled the score
can't believe the Falcons on winning 21
nothing I tried not to know anything
about the game or watch anything about
it so my prediction is Pats win anyway
woke up this morning on one hours sleep
slept the whole flight landed hung out a
little bit I have to take a nap just
dead I just woke up what a weird day
just a weird weird day but before this
workout then came up with a little fun
idea for Sunday's so I'll record that in
a minute
it's called bizdev Sundays it's a big
idea Jordan so I'm gonna do biz dev
Sundays what I'm gonna do on Sundays is
listings for you the community of things
that I'm up to that might be business
opportunities for me and you now the
thing that scares me about this and why
I don't normally do this is like a tons
of emails like hundreds that have
nothing to do with it right people are
trying to really stretch it a little
shorter one make sure yours you know
like really stretching if it actually
can do this or whatever I'm asking for
is really a fit but hopefully it works
out so actually you know what let's do
biz
Sunday at vaynermedia comm team create
that email this way it won't be a
horribleness with bunch of the team can
jump into the email with me thorn it's
so ready first uh the first biz dev
Sunday item
well I got it small brands to do stuff
with laughing oh right
so Vayner sports as you guys know one of
the things I'm trying to do is change
that sport a little bit and do
endorsement deals that have never been
done before
obviously the Nikes and Under Armour's
and Thetis and Reebok deals in the
panini sports cards those are all
standard deals that will work with and a
lot of that has to do with wherever the
kid is coming out of school like those
are slotted in and you negotiate them
but I want to do unique things
up-and-coming brands right like no
stripes or headbands or bees or socks or
granola bars or trail mix or you know
pomegranate juice or coconut water
before they were big is a real
opportunity for my athletes that are
gonna have big social media profiles
become new star rookies in their cities
and big college stars you know Jalen
reeves-maybin in John Toth for Kentucky
and Tennessee that you're thinking about
like if you're a regional play in the
you know America you want to hit that
fan base of them being college stars and
now they go to the pros so these are the
things that I'm looking for so if you
are a startup brand t-shirt brand and
you're willing to pay a small amount of
dollars to my players to be one of the
faces of your brand and put it on their
social or we create content and you put
on or social or if you want to give a
piece of the equity of the company for
those guys kind of that vitaminwater
deal that David Wright got him to be
Sega bizdev small brands with my
up-and-coming athletes and Subway
athletes that we're building around
banner Sports is today's Sunday first is
dead it's Basenji now one not all right
number two on the biz dev Sunday list by
the way this thing the hell is that
what's called a valslide okay number two
stickers and posters if you're a company
that uh and by the way well will look
like stickers opposers biz that for
brands so put whatever we put down here
in the title when you send it to the
email so that way we don't have any
confusion and whoever's jumping in and
handling it can go through a quicker
stickers and posters stickers and
posters obviously the things that create
t-shirts and all the quotes and the
stuff on Instagram all that stuff so
many people asking for stickers and
posters I'm looking for a company or to
a startup that wants a biz dev with me
what I'm looking for is starting up free
that's the best deal for the exposure
and all the different people all the way
up to like whatever I think the best
deal is where we pissed that what's the
value prop what's the exchange I know
people get so sad about free if I have a
sticker post to a company where I
printed I was paying somebody that had a
big audience and be willing to do it I
did it a ton with gourmet library give
away free cheese forever I did with my
baseball cards when I was 15 at Ewing
free cards to the biggest dealers the
thing because it made relationships and
they built on that but that's a
different story for a different day
what's the best deal who's got a sticker
company big shout out to sticker mule
done a bunch of stuff with you in the
past but really this is biz dev Sunday
this is from me and my community to do
business together if we think we can
match and so sticker
and pose
companies that are willing to print on
the man and ship to the people on the
other side of this camera because one of
the biggest things I want to do with the
60-second Club which a reaper thing but
I'm gonna cook 60-second Club back on
Instagram put on your notifications I
want to give away you know a bunch of
the posters and stickers of that quote
in real time and a lot of fun so
stickers and posters number three is I
just mentioned the 60-second Club is
back I'm focused on it
I'm putting people on my team on it one
of the reasons I faded out create a
five-minute Club was because I was
worried that I couldn't I couldn't get
into all the comments thought it'd give
me a little more time big thing is I
just want to deliver on this you know
I'm a big fan of surprising delights
right like the thing I did the other day
which Chipotle I love this stuff I call
it the Taylor Swift thing I just like I
like doing nice things that are fun for
the community like if macho man did this
back in then he had an Instagram account
I would put my notifications on and what
he would post if I click it if I gave me
a FaceTime with him or like a sign like
a shirt or it would have a cool so
anyway nonetheless 60-second Club if you
don't know what it is when I post
something on Instagram if you like and
comment within the first minute you
become eligible for me or somebody on my
team now because I just needed to add
that to make sure I deliver to jump in
pick one to three random people each
time to win we leave in the comments you
DM the information my team will ship out
stuff just a little fun little thing for
the for the community and a great way to
make sure you're keeping up with those
through two or three posts I'm doing
every day on Instagram 62nd Club back
focused be a part of it
alright it started getting rocked on my
work out here like all happy I want to
start a beanie company I decided a brand
new beating cubby not like the Gary bees
signature or not in Gary Vee shop I mean
just like a beanie company so I'm
looking for somebody who is really great
at sourcing high quality materials for
production and so I'm looking for
somebody to give a little piece of
equity to to come be on my team on this
to be my partner a creative director to
design the concept got a good idea of
what I want to do but make it better for
that person to make it better and
somebody on the sourcing I'll take care
of the design and marketing website all
that distribution I think I keep it up
pretty quickly but somebody to actually
produce the first 10,000 go start a
beanie company because I wear them all
time and I miss retail want to sell
something so it's something that's not
like your fucking face off cool who
wants to be part of the beanie company
hit me up now you idiot
perfect not I've got hustle and I need
to be a part of this you have experience
in producing you know product that has
been sold at retail direct consumer in
the fashion space and you have a
creative director background around it
as well like all experienced only young
hustlers we've got many millions of
other things to do with you but this one
that's what I need so don't waste your
time
we're minding and finally sorry I'm not
gonna bop
and finally clip it clip one clip one
minute clip it whatever we want to call
it
we'll come up with a hashtag you know
just clip it in the YouTube sections
comments your favorite one-minute clip
from every daily be that we can then use
for an Instagram Facebook and Twitter
video so a new group of people who
follow dailyvee who when they watch the
episode say hashtag clip it 2 minutes
and 13 seconds to 3 minutes and 13
seconds wouldn't use the community to
decide which clips we should be making
in our one minute Instagram Facebook and
Twitter videos who's part of the clipit
community let me know in the comments
how long may 1260s farmers carries yeah
yeah I still not strong enough
stronger one is greater than zero
worse workout ever
yeah it's Benji now we're not check it
check it
huh I said this industry is dog-eat-dog
he got sleeping on these Mickey D's
rappers around me that I've been eating
cuz I got my city y'all they come up and
they got my pack
they've been loving the kid and even the
words feelin the flow gonna go in absurd
I kill it the realism Chapel Hill in the
minute when I limit you were witness to
the game but I'm only thinking winning
living in a rotary battle to the top
either make it or you drop til the game
will never stop nope
so what
