there's a fuckload of 50 year olds that
think their life is over
I think it's over because they've been
playing for 30 years professionally
they're tired
they've been an accountant for 30 years
they hate it but they don't see any way
out because they don't realize that
there's Instagram live because they
don't realize that there's Facebook
groups because they don't realize that
they can do a blog because they don't
realize they're a great writer and if
they did 14 medium posts they can blow
up and so I'm on a mission to get them
to understand that there's still 30 40
years of amazing things modern health is
people going to be healthy for another
30 years 30 how much shit you can get
done in 30 years avi you're 14 30 years
ago up held are you Richard
you will fucking negative 7 motherfucker
motherfucker was negative 7
