give me it
here
this was last Monday morning in her life
one thing that I've said a bunch
publicly as I haven't done meditation
because I'm scared can screw up my brain
but he's willing to try new things can
excite about an escape studio an app
that I invested in personally actually
along with Steven Ross personally and
really excited about it
Jackson incredible entrepreneur and very
passion about space it's almost like if
I started a Jets business you know when
you get someone who's great and
operating and is deeply passionate about
a space it's a good combo this is good
ring team try it out are they gonna be
doing it more than practice every time
she was like we focus is like oh my god
I said I was in outer space going from a
meditation to getting on the stage and
getting crazy stuff good transition
this morning good day what's going on
head to London tonight should be good
Eric yes sir I won't keep you
Hillary nice to meet you okay alright
yeah I have to follow me online five
years Wow thank you brother so cool
thank you come word pleasure thank you
interviewer yeah okay
I'm Amanda so we had enough good work
let's be he will talk we have into
predicting trending access pretty cool
before you guys so group of the exactly
three clear everybody so if we overcame
a queue incoming we three we flipped we
buy we were again at the start
I get it yep yep we're we're doing that
around culture so that's super practical
and smart and I would call that
transactional and I love that shit I do
it for Wine Library quite a bit I'm much
more into that culturally it's
understanding that shadowboxing is
happening it's understanding that
meditation as a consumer trend in the
way that SoulCycle and health happened
is a trend and so we're making a lot of
bets it's understanding that 14 of
Atlanta's hip-hop artists are about to
become the next strakes and lo lanes
we're doing it a little bit more
creatively and culturally it has more
upside and more downside the transaction
Suffolk is massively interesting the
problem is for everybody in this room
most of their clients don't sell the
entire funnel right when you're CPG
brand you're not selling it direct to
consumer you're selling it through CBS
and that's why we're at the mercy of all
these metrics the problem is the metrics
and the sales don't match up that has to
be talked about I don't believe that
this is a call to arms to the industry I
don't think we have all these crooks or
bad people I think we have an entire
broken ecosystem not just from the
marketing people but from actually the
brand side and the clients and just the
whole kit and caboodle is broken and and
the reason I'm optimistic that it will
change them into the state at some stage
so the vidi something is as clients now
start carrying more about Amazon and
Walmart new efforts to go EECOM and
direct consumer and as we know even the
brands themselves starting to sell
direct to consumer they're going to
start having a much better read on if
their marketing is actually working
because I'm empathetic to Johnson and
Johnson if they're doing marketing the
reason they rely on math is they don't
have all the data on what marketing is
actually making somebody go buy
band-aids at Walgreens
but Toby I've not been in this business
for a long time I have been I would say
more than 60% of the meetings um in the
marketing mock exam costs the the
impressions the you know things event
right you look great and then you get to
the end of the presentation and the
business is
amen well you couldn't see it we do a
quick picture to a sport also really
predicament thank you yeah picture close
yeah guys it's this documenting versus
create thing it's so real it is so real
it's been an unbelievably interesting
year for me because morning us between
documenting versus create huge value if
you've a challenge huge value and now
it's going down on a VM I think we're
making real 5 you rock these are three
phenomenal pillars of non motivation
motivation going there right but the
people that really want to get value in
a different way a lot of a challenge
that I get from people is hey okay like
what about the practical life first of
all I'm documenting it we just watch
what I do that's the most practical
fucking thing I'm doing motherfucker
okay this is like people want like
little basic tap tactics I mean a ton of
free white papers don't divide a
bullshit me look that will tell you I
know you right that will tell you what
to do no but honestly like just teaching
people how to sell stuff you know
teaching someone how to fish versus
giving in the fish is always the game
but this documenting versus creating a
lot of you is starting to pick up on it
and it's winning for you people are
interested in people's lives people are
interested in people's journeys people
are interested in people's crap people
are interested in seeing different
perspectives entertainment education its
meal no matter where you are in the
journey all right
I wish I fucking wish I was doing this
when the early days of Wine Library to
imagine I kidding wait I don't want to
be fifteen but I want to be fifty
because I can't wait to watch this stuff
ten years now and see how right our hey
ah oh goodness fear you know a woman
okay yeah good hey how are you such a
pleasure
the whole of the whole the whole castle
collapses you get the one wrong
politician who wants to make an agenda
I'm not even going down that path now
yeah now I assume that that means what
it always means which is you know
Instagram obviously has its policies
like you know influences our Instagram
should be a piece of cake because the
policies are in place there and accepted
by your company to do that meaning
generally should know I mean like to me
like I wasn't thinking about it yes or
no but if it's a no there's so much we
could be doing including like if we
really want him to come to life let's go
pay for the costume and have them run
around the world right what I want to I
just know I know exactly what to do and
the only thing is they're speaking to
the you know nineteen seventeen twenty
to twenty eight year olds and I want to
be smart about who we pick and how we do
it this is such a funny conversation
it's funny because this is all we ever
do and it works but if I take like annex
the ambition of my company to like get
Pete like this is unbelievable like the
level of importance this project has for
me is enormous because I actually think
like transcended our business like we
exploded the growth of that brand system
now and it was all because we took money
from TV and put it into influencers on
Instagram and snapchat it just happened
it just works so can you win with one
when everybody else had eight you sure
can if you believe that seven was wasted
yeah you know like that's basically
that's the entire thesis of the next
twenty years of my life why do I have
the audacity to think
I'm gonna buy these things and take them
from 20 million in sales to a hundred
because that's what I've done in the
businesses that I've run and because I
really think so much money is being
wasted because I think the nuances of
interpretation like dogs would never
consider this influence for him in the
way he looks at it this is like
mainstream you know but for our world
over here right this is so influenced
cupboards right and to me like Main
Street like mainstream like commercials
don't even exist in dunya living
it's like saying we seen a dinosaur
that's more like back yep yes I think
I'm the most challenged it's like first
runner and I think it comes from my soul
right and so I I don't want to become a
data nerd right I love the idea of you
feeding me things like I so the fact
that you just said that sentence we're
set keep these things that you know I'll
react to like hey this study on
gratitude said these four seven eight
nine ten things for it and look Musa
will just jam okay so so things that
download sure neither perspective or it
could give me not to be let's look what
is it yeah watch something I put down be
like hey did you know like you know it's
like I hated you know kind of thing
scary Priscilla Priscilla how are you
thank you so much for the interest and
hello and if you dig into the details
for the end I breakout hey this is what
I was thinking
yes ah hi yep six years of brand
experience the others what I think this
clips be yep but as part of the page and
part of the ask is for you guys to come
back love it the recommendation also
having right now oh I couldn't ask for
anything more right and then and the
truth is that is the most interesting
because our belief at Vayner and I think
we're very different than the market
that a lot of working media dollars in
the digital space are being thrown in
the garbage through a lot of the things
that people are doing around
programmatic or banner of pre-rolls
that could be dramatically more
maximized in a social environment and
since since Easton's part of this pitch
is for us to bring what we would do if
you know i always think if i owned the
company what we do
that's all I could ask for and so then
that gives me the freedom to give you
our best that back it looks too crazy
but it's all except that's like I'm kind
of into his the Million Dollar Man and
wrestling's line of everybody's got a
price is still one of my favorite
all-time like cultural like oh you have
to do a lot and I hate it and I'm not
good at it I you know one of the reasons
you know historically this company's
gonna be better than Wine Library was I
wasn't good at delivering vinegar it was
much better delivering honey what has
happened is I've gotten better at it
it's pretty very monumental you have to
be able to be labeled at both but what I
will say is even when I would say hey I
don't like the way you're not letting
you I would Akane with vinegar rights
okay I love you at a macro you've got to
fix this and tell me if I'm wrong here's
my observation and then when you have a
winner they'll be like you know they're
pumped because you get in the honey they
feel safe because they feel like they're
safe in a macro and then the part I'm
going back to this exact example she's
like yeah you know that's it's kinda
it's tough to break that pattern that
people got under minded in the companies
I've worked with before because the
junior person will go over image blindly
fire the senior person I'm so 360 you
know we take forever to make those
decisions here
and enough this is the jumping-off point
for our next chapter together no more
viral videos together and and trying to
convince people Facebook was important I
think they say believe that now yes how
are you real pleasure
how are things give it fix it like you
look if you looking backwards it's over
who gives a fuck does not nothing but
I'm and you got it every second you
spend on being mad about anything is
wasted I'm mad about everything
and I spend no time on it you're gonna
win my man I'm telling you you know what
I mean right
I'm telling listen I've had a little bit
of time with you the theme you've got
nobody can take
all right all right so will we really
really break by let's do a late dinner
and then we'll go out or something or
like or like
of the London gonna make some magic
happen across the pond 24 hours house UK
staff
