what is the focus that I should have to
stop my own cum what can I learn now
what do you think you're best at sales
more of that always always that simple
it's that simple it's that simple
because people aren't hardwired to get
to not focus on their weaknesses and the
world is good at selling to people's
weaknesses so you're hearing all these
other things to work on when the real
unlock is to just fucking be the best at
the thing that you're naturally good at
and then over time because you've won
because you went all-in you surround
yourself with the other bullshit and
when sales when you're lucky enough
being good at sales is like being born
beautiful like it is it is a home run
its a home run in that being that its
sales is one of the great gifts one can
have because you're always
self-sustaining go more into that become
better at it
