it's weird in here we'll do a root canal
right here let's pull that shit out
what if I can do this was last Monday
morning in your life
compose red carpet and heave
and once again the did amaze often
yeah what am i mascot it just heading to
a new business pitch
hey Gary be here on the streets
reporting Monday morning doing my thing
nice and cloudy exactly when people
don't want to do it I love when people
don't want to do it I love that
that's rock
we'll figure it out we'll figure it out
Oh
all audio remember this we did a last
time this video a long way there became
a prolific angel investors and venture
capitalists investing in companies
including Facebook Twitter Tumblr Boober
and Birchbox so I'm doing stuff on one
of the things that you've got on
Facebook yes so you were an early
adopter of Facebook live can you tell us
a little bit more than opportunities
you've seen with live-streaming you know
it's funny that I didn't mention live at
all in my opening rants and I think
that's an indicator I like lies
I think live is hard I think for most of
the brands and personalities in the
world live is an extremely difficult
format I think it's sexy people are
talking about it but I just wish that
people understood how to make Facebook
commercials and videos these one two
three minute videos around your business
whether it be to B or B to C that would
drive your results you know it's kind of
like you asking me like hey Gary
why aren't seven year olds because
thinking about driving and because I'm
still worried about can they ride a bike
before people worry about mastering the
hardest medium of all which is live
video I like them to figure out just
video on Facebook yet just pictures on
video on Facebook so I like live I think
it's really personality driven I think
it has to bring a lot of value I think
people have to think in like morning TV
show late night TV show Drive time radio
dynamics like what is a brand really do
I think some of the stunt stuff can be
fun but live is a very competitive very
difficult thing you're asking for
somebody to give you their attention on
your time not on their time and so that
in a very outside of live sports and the
biggest events in the world live is a
real challenge you have to really bring
value and truth is I don't think most
businesses small or large have even
figured out how to provide value and
their content let alone their live
strategy and so intuitively I don't even
focus on it
I cancelled the school reset the
director Denise Olear Cox turned out
through the huge fan of yours
she should Lee he did in mind for one of
your books with her baby who was like
not even a year old and so she likes
freaked out when I reached out to her
and she'd offered to come and do a
director screening for us she got an
hour of your time and that potentially
making the feature-length version
husband stone and so that's hanger
weakness I recognize that the people
that dislike me have insecurities of
their own and I actually genuinely have
empathy for them you know bad I feel for
bad people like if somebody throws a
swastika or pulls off somebody's
religious clothes or hates black people
I feel bad for them they lost they lost
in life
of course I feel bad for the person
that's been the crimes being committed
on but I feel bad for the other person
they're a loser like you've lost there's
nothing you can do to beat me good
always be people it's how we're still
here it has meaning this is
by sitting in this chair you could do
what everyone you can do it everything
signify my man my pleasure man happy to
be here
so Dave told me a lot about you I really
didn't know much at all recently but yep
David show me filming you love the music
Cather's I'm abroad somewhere yeah when
I realized you got that going on to so
many similar thing how you guys and you
guys well it's one of the reasons I like
you know like when I first got these
guys you guys have been on him for a
while yeah you know and I kept hearing
in the background and then finally had
time to listen some music over the
holidays and I was reading you know it's
fun because Spotify did a good job with
integrating genius I really enjoyed that
so I was like reading like like I'm a
you know I'm a yeah if I was to be
roughly only thing I'd want to talk to
him about for 20 minutes would be his
grandfather like cuz I'm an entrepreneur
you know like that story and that yeah
and that narrative that he puts out
there like you know I'm the whole like
all I do is hustle like if I was an
artist I put out a song a day fuckin
forget about a week like I want to put
it out every day if I could what we
realized was I think that was my mother
artists on realize because it happened
it super easy like 2014 yet SoundCloud
Spotify all things were available but
the user base hadn't arrived at the same
there's also economics not putting out
free music mixtapes it was a love/hate
thing the labels have no interest in you
putting out free music they're not
monetizing it absolutely so when we
started to another song like a weekly
basis realize you're like the internet
was so sad that one week is almost not
enough time you need another song right
away and that's sort of that marketing
for the Prix it's smoke it's more a bad
good bad more shot literally the way I
told my one friend who could like who's
like terrible at getting girls and like
you know what go completely unmapped go
completely unemotional and just say
hello to every one of them but it's
going to work out eventually
horn is a job I can apply like it's
usually left out yeah yeah that I was
raised in the piece of MySpace renamed
back then when I was only worried about
my top friends now my sister legit and
follow all these people like to face man
and every time that I don't even have a
top fan me against the world I've been
doing what I really love maybes been
hiding behind a screen baby boo because
and when I'm back at home and never
feels the same time we've been through
all day trying to stay up I wanna get
back it's weird in here we'll do a root
canal right here collection so much shit
out the reason I love to do these
meetings is when you're young and you
want something you know you can get
clouded on the reality you are massively
highly rated and you're very much on the
hot young lookyou path not the we don't
see where this guy fits passable as long
as they understand those kind of core
four or five things that we all have to
have which is like this is the kind of
work we want to do this is where we
track people's attention and we care
about that and then how we treat each
other yeah I think the world doesn't
think that you should email a CEO and
have this conversation our world does
and it's hard to like fight against the
whole world
and so I never get disappointed anymore
if somebody's been here for seven years
and still is like scared or confused or
curious I get it now
but I'll never waver the big challenge a
leader has is to get the people that
work with them to understand that they
work for them not the other way around
at the bill
that trust and so I'm feverish about
that I'm so obsessed with it but it's a
very difficult thing to accomplish comes
out of the right works
I got a repentant but no man perfect
that's why still a lotta deflection to
keep your common driving now
the other connections that would make a
lot of sense a lot of what excites me is
that I want to fucking rule the world
and when you want to rule the world
everything's in play nothing's out of
bounds and you've proven a lot to me
which creates even more opportunity sit
so I'm not really crippled by it I'm
giving you the binary like you're in the
family and I doubt that we won't be able
to figure out shit for the next 50 years
let alone five yeah
and in the world where I think it's a
real wind to like the next two or three
steps even in this path it doesn't make
me feel like oh shit like we don't
figure something out it's over and so
that makes me to be very frank very calm
yeah in a world where I have that in
other places yeah yeah man young man
like you met you know obviously we have
a young company hang with me with sixty
and seventy year olds who are on fire
the way you and I are if you start
taking your career into a macro at 64
years old double your age today I'm
looking with those people every day and
they want it like that's around the age
I plan on buying the jet you know like
like you got like your whole life
little someday you're born to today but
you know which work that is you know
much learning settings you know like
this is I don't think people get it
brother
I do you know why I don't think people
get it I don't know if I fully got it
yeah to be quite frank you know I did
but more blindly now it's more black and
white and it's about to get color
sure I'm very comfortable that I'm
comfortable two or three people being in
that position but she's probably the
closest to that okay okay because I'm
trying forever
my name is SAS why be you see us get it
right pay my dues without looking at the
price I ain't trippin on tomorrow's song
I'm listening for tonight
I make the most of it I found the way to
racing I'm in such a great fuckin mood
like I can just feel it happening wish
you guys the best life ever so much
fuckin opportunity go get your please go
get more and on my granddad
I don't wanna shine too many well maybe
cuz I'm trying to read
