hustling 24/7 on the Instagram DM in the
2017 opportunity
give me it's about to be
peachie
this is last Monday morning the life I
know by my way so every day I wake I
know Thomas against our Devils I know
what gotta make a change Rock and I are
walking into a haircut talk barbershop
cluck cluck Jake will let us get a
present you know on me and Doc the devil
lettuce painting pictures with all these
letters stead of feeling penny I get
winning in the face of my emotion step
into the booth and I put it into motion
going try to do it every two or three
weeks these are like cuz I like keeping
it short as I spun the man is enough
whatever mainly holiday like a year ago
until you came back and have my fever so
naughty on the rise when you see the boy
listen I gave you all my heart heart
sanity is finished and then tops again
and now I really know what a fuck cover
go but I know be fine I know from my way
so every day I wake I know time is
ticking down devil alright so here get
my hair cut with Manny Manny how long
even cut my hair now two year to think
three to once you know used to go to
another place where many worked and had
a bunch of different guys go coming here
but Manny cut it one time I liked it
extra short they were just perfect so
that's what I've been going with so a
maybe shoot the shitty a last couple
comes have been quiet
that's a haircut I just been so focused
but in the UH in the ever never-ending
quest to pump out seven days a week
gonna hack so I think you know
barbershop talk so last uh directly that
was pretty good how we did the Sunday
week ahead luck right so let's do that
another thing I want to talk about I
want to edit the askgaryvee show where I
told the guy who is building small
business websites how to go with the
search how to search to hash tags how to
go to DM I mean it is you know a lot of
people like to talk about how it's going
down in the
Instagram and I know that's for you know
hooking up and Netflix and chill and all
that but it's also going down for
business development and so I'm going to
talk about thank you so much it's your
new email to me it's where people could
be doing so much business damage and
I'll talk about that in one second while
I give you the quick review of the week
ahead so tomorrow big MLK Day I'm taking
I'm going to the Knicks game taking one
of the kids and then I've got a meeting
with Kelly Kelly McCarthy who was my
right hand along with AJ in building
being a median early days now killing it
at Nike and then just some family stuff
and some phone calls with Brandon from
Wine Library Tuesday early money
basketball 6:00 a.m. meeting with a
former client at 8:30 another client
meeting at 9:00 now the client meeting
at 10:30 then a live webinar for
something and a couple internal meetings
for nonprofit stuff then this Russell's
manager yeah a little face time with
Amara for office manager well a mildly
coming in and then run oh yeah that's
awesome
if you haven't heard of Russell's music
he's been missing out then then my dad
and Brandon come about it's huge you
know the clients on the client made of
sports internal internal internal
internal clients internal clients former
employee and then then in studio with 21
Savage you heard of him Forrest the huge
Atlanta hip hop day 21 2008 when on
Wednesday morning first thing in the
morning then I've got a client meeting
than an all-day thing at Pepsi than
couples internal things Randi Zuckerberg
gonna make your friend stopping by
football players caused by internal
internal and skip of the flipper
you don't know man it's so hip-hop
ballet latest client clients and
applying to London at night London
Thursday morning London workout
something internal client stuff client
in Maidenhead UK client client client
client and wake up Friday morning in
London fly back to New York land look on
the book and then dinner with Ryan
Harwood and his lovely wife
so again secure while deal week ahead
80% clients 20% hip hop all right now
let's bring you some value here I'm
obsessed with this you're like maybe
we'll get them we can do this get in
here let's say you want to sell websites
to plumbers 136,000 and then you go and
say you click then you see who this is
so this is a custom design firms b2b
commercial in Toronto hundred forty
thousand followers this is what they
post let's say you want to build
business website for small businesses
where you want to be social media for
small businesses you go right up here
you hit send the message you get nasty
rock going good message and then here is
the key the key here is to jab jab jab
right hook love what you're doing would
love to be able to bring you some value
are you doing anything around marketing
let me know I have a great day extra
like so hard
send perfectly what I just did goodness
what I just did is something that I've
been doing for years back in two
thousand six and seven Twitter I could
do that except I would apply publicly
because it was a different platform
different Cadence's different acceptable
social norms the thing that blows me
away is how many of you are so hungry
how many of you were asking for how do
you do things and the reality is it's
very simple it's hand-to-hand combat its
business development its handing out
virtual business cards
but the reality of so many of you don't
want to do it because it's hard what I
just did if you're hungry if you want to
win you have to do four five six seven
eight nine hours a day let's show
another one be rock okay the Fitness
hashtag you know only 168 million bricks
it into top post and most recent so you
go to a top post companies' pay
attention he wants and want to get some
good some Barbara Clive alright so
here's that break I click him if you
have five hundred forty six thousand
people right I fee he's a musician
and he's a band but let's say anything
Cairo let's just say for whatever reason
I wanna do product placement and I have
a new shake or energy drink or hoodies
or for example this is what everybody
should be doing from with me if they
want me to wear their sneakers or their
beanies right I wear beanies I wear
hoodies I wear sneakers I would hit this
person up I miss them up and say that
love what you do would love to connect
right or would love to send you my
favorite wines if I was in the wine
business or would love to make three to
four videos for your Instagram account
on me or would love to send your friends
some beef jerky or and that's the key
it's or and I would love to give you
what I get all day is Gary can give me a
shout-out on my account
Gary can you make me famous Gary can you
do this Gary can you do that I've got
the leverage not you if you're asking
you don't have the leverage so anytime
I'm hitting somebody up regardless if
I'm bigger or smaller than them I'm
asking so I'm trying to give them love
right that's the key people don't give
love when we're getting up on becoming
artist
we'll have you we're trying to give them
love hey we love to give you exposure
would you like to give us the
opportunity
everybody's trying it like last night I
hit up a couple of people that follow me
that are really really big and they both
apply to me check the healthy rock we're
not gonna show this there's more discus
I want your crazy reaction look at this
I'll show you in a second is insane
Oh got another one too I mean one is
that crazy Frank that is crazy
where is it algorithm delete this one
tomato nope I guess the key is providing
other people more value I just don't see
people doing it it blows me away and it
is absolutely wonderful and it is
absolutely going down on Instagram DM
the key is do you know how to Jab Jab
Jab right hook on instagrams Deana
search hashtags click them look at the
account then see how you can bring them
value DM em go and soft bring value
rinse and repeat two three four five
thousand times one of the great
accomplishments in the last 3-4 months
in my community is a 2017 flipped
challenge right people are making actual
money on e-bay they couldn't believe
that they could sell stuff laying around
their house they're now using Craigslist
and let's go and add CS and they're
learning and I'm watching people learn
how I didn't make money here and I'm
watching you guys learn you're getting
better people making real flips business
development it's one of the pillars of
my success the reason of good at
business development is I try to bring
more value to the other person first
only it's going to be the same thing 50
years of content is going to say the
same thing provide the other person's
more value right more value than they
give you if somebody has a million
followers and you want them to give a
shout-out to your work your stuff you
need to overwhelm them with value first
for example a more example time and what
this can be a heavy example time here we
go so let's say you do let's say you
like hip hop and let's say and let's say
you love chance the rapper right so you
go to chance the rapper guys got 2.9
million followers he's getting hit up a
million times a day when you send him
over I think chance I make videos I'll
make you the best Instagram videos for
free for an entire year
your account will go to seven million
let alone 2.9 I will bother you
I'll just work I'll need access
at times but you've controlled that let
me know look at my work on my insta much
love over and over and over gotta make
sure your Instagram account is on point
if you got that if him or one of his
boys actually look at it or somebody
who's controlled me account they need to
see those videos you pick their fire
that's the key but you go over and over
man II should do this 15 times a day
20 times days let me show you how many
should do it so the thing mainly should
do is go Upper East Side right so he's
gone by location and so he sees top
posts right so he sees this well look
like an account like this is a blogger
I'm trying to see because she's just
visiting and keep looking right you keep
looking at most recent keep looking good
this guy looks like you could picture
good took a selfie any brief slide comes
here it's got 41 thousand followers you
look like a model
so Manny should go here send message hey
G thrilled to give you five free
haircuts
over the next six months let me know if
you're interested is what Manny should
be here man except on Tuesday from 2:30
to 3:30 while he's waiting for a client
and he sits on his fucking ass but
instead what he should be doing is
should be going into Instagram searching
the Upper East Side and DMing people 20
30 40 times a day offering free haircuts
because he just started the business he
needs exposure
he wouldn't even ask that model as
46,000 followers to make up he shouldn't
even say in the first in first contact
hey I'll give you free care cut you give
me a shout out because then death person
knows that he's just doing for that it's
jab jab jab without the white hook you
should just say hey I'd like your
insulin account I just opened my
barbershop I'd love to give you six free
haircuts or two or whatever you know I
don't know how big the man is right now
over the next three months guy comes
even PMS I was a nanny for two years we
were ask me then I took the picture on
the subject then we build a relationship
when doing the right thing goes the only
thing but to me it's I think about it
like sawdust if you've got downtime
why not business develop the fact you
can give is developed through this thing
now is insane and if you offer something
in return
three out of 30 people will take you up
on it he may not but the next person
light and then you business develop in
business development things start
happening hustling 24/7 on the Instagram
DM it is the 2017 opportunity I know
from my way so every day I wake I know
Thomas speaking down never I feel it
slipping every second and every minute
that we were - 10 so when you think so
I'm gonna coast elevate you'll see Chris
I love this um while we're here since
you know since these episodes a short
big shout out I'm looking for five to
seven video interns people that can edit
what what do we really needs other
people that really know my stuff what
are they called recovery predators
predators
filmers producers editors predators all
right I'm looking for five up-and-coming
predators who want to be interns who
want to put in their years do for a year
siphon off my attention is we give you
shout outs I'm tagging you in the work
that you do and then either do with the
majority of the crews doing which is
triple down and want to run with me for
a while or use the exposure to do your
own thing looking for high quality peeps
p-box gonna be the judge in a jury you
got to be really strong but I'm look at
five ASAP
boy girl black white red green orange
Sandra Laing Co New Jersey I don't give
a shit if you've got it everything but
Patriot fans other than that if you got
it we want to see the work 24/7 crucial
minimum a year no going back to school
what you got to do but we're looking for
you and here's me rock or here's the
email they came up with for gear up
Tyler maybe a couple others who look I
don't know what you guys here knew but
here it is splashing and can't wait for
you to join the team and if you can't do
that one of the things we're trying to
do now is fan B hashtags and Vee people
creating compilation videos around my
content the kind of stuff that we put
out so that I can put it out on
Instagram YouTube Facebook Twitter
videos under a minute or especially
great because I'm wonderful or Instagram
video content and also stuff that we
haven't talked about so people going
back in the archives and finding quotes
or things using the askgaryvee search
engine I think would be really smart
around your concept or strategy and I
would even make an original one or two
second video for you if you need to add
to it
and you could just email me on that that
you're working on that project and what
you need so fan B get on board yes sir
done did we do eyebrows you did we're
finished it's all over we're done all
right thank you thanks for you love you
you're going to use you're going to use
a you're going to use the Instagram DM
can literally search the upper east side
you can literally see everybody who's
posting in the area yes right so again
what's just you know this person to 80
or so you click this person and you can
literally go up here send them a message
say I like your Instagram account if you
like a free here come by what's great
about that is these are individuals who
already like to share their lives so if
they come they'll get a shout out in the
crates I mean you know you live on
boredom out you what's your business
support them out this is what a mouth on
steroids
learn you need it especially now as
you're building a new business like
every every minute counts
you know stops again and now I really
know what a buffalo but I'd all be fine
I don't think my way so every day I wake
I'm out I'm sleeping I think I think
your doubt motivated me we could time
the content to what we get a year ago
because a year ago recalls I think are
in sync like once we start building the
library or like searching the state on
askgaryvee two years ago there's never
been a day that I've had to activate
it's always on and I don't mean always
on buzzword marketing it's that I love
what I do so much that there is no
friction to turn it on even when I am
landing at two o'clock in the morning
from a flight that's delayed like the
other night and then go directly into it
at 6:30 in the morning because the fire
is so deep inside you love it so much
you know you don't need that jump stuff
guys have a great weekend see you
tomorrow after Martin Luther King's day
I went to Martin Luther King Elementary
School in Edison New Jersey
fun fact I was the president every day
Logano
you
