go i two years ago I judge Miss America
and this lovely lady one
it's funny I was I was just as I was
turning the corner looking at this I was
like fuck man I really miss 2011 Vayner
a little bit more like the same thing a
lot we started this company literally
within weeks of my daughter being born
and literally this the other night I put
her to bed and I saw a picture of her
when she was like three and I was like
fuck all that shit like older people
tell me like enjoy it listen that I was
like yeah like you just she's just not
like my daughter 7 going on 16 and so
and that's kind of like weirdly I just
had that same exact feeling turning the
corner here like fuck man controlling 50
or 60 personal feelings and like the
mission is really easy and fun compared
to the fucking insanity we're dealing
with right now so I'm gonna try 7 to be
a great year it's gonna be a great great
year last year was give room so what I
love to do is like go and then clean up
and then focus
last year was go and just me smiling
cause you saw it at Wine Library too
when you go from 30 to 70 like you go oh
my god we made a local commercial that's
right I mean we police every fucking to
kill the commercial we made a commercial
I forgot hey we're ready executives at
timeline decline taste over 500 new
bottles of wine each month
first is the 2002 Sharpshooter Cabernet
great color
let's bring in 400 cases next is the
2002 blue harvest Merlot that was bad
what's next
winelibrary.com tasting bad wine so you
don't have to
do you mind if I speak it with you I
prefer it
you
everything is predicated on being the
bigger woman and man in every single
situation always and then using me as
the outpost I mean we can win real big
and I'm going to do it amount of Claude
- oh fuck I can really do it like
literally trying to get into a place
where you're the bigger person in every
situation and then having a place where
you can take that poison out because you
want to get it out you got to eat it
it's how we built they originally for
real that's how I got the right
foundation at first like just getting
everybody religious about I will be the
bigger person like I disagree but I'll
be the one that bends right now but then
I'm going to go punch Gary in the face
or Kelly or AJ now now it's and Claude
is much better than the combination
Kelly and AJ like this is a real thing
so that's another thing just to think
about because I'm not so exactly one
going to say to them as well I mean it's
singing there is no separate there
should be no separate I understand
physically even how big this division is
leadership like it makes sense but it's
going to be a constant pressure on
everybody from me in a real way starting
very very soon to not let that happen
and so I'm glad and that I think we have
those conversations in the summer you
know 101 things of that nature that
allowed some movements I think in the
fourth quarter is a preview to it and
I'm sure some pockets are good and some
pockets probably exactly the same and
that's okay
it just will be able to be exactly the
same bad very long thank you have a
great day hit me up if you need me you
know
we start with anything I personally can
answer for either one of you to help
this
are you doing okay thank you brother
I'm excited in thank you that's great I
mean we've got unlimited sorting
capabilities like your companies exactly
the kind of people that we can help the
issue with companies of your size
normally without knowing the details you
know that they think of social and
digital media as a secondary thing and
they're they're allocating dollars to PR
or Direct Mail or other things that then
usually gets them into a place where
they're not putting the money I don't
care if you spend a dollar a dollar with
vaynermedia if we can figure out how to
take that dollar and do something I will
do it it's that's not what bothers me it
bothers me that you're spending a dollar
with us when you're spending six dollars
elsewhere on things that don't matter as
much in 2017 and that's the thing on a
call like this or with a board or a CEO
or CMO or a head of marketing that I'm
always trying to have the first
conversation around because every dollar
we don't have is less things we can do
for you
that's just common sense and when you're
and so and so a lot of people Jim or
like oh let's test a little something
like this is a real thing this is the
communication of human beings in our
society today sorry the only thing I
would say to you is look make the
biggest commitment financially
emotionally strategically that you can
to this and if that's a dollar Mazel Tov
but that's that's the way to think about
foot
thank you Richard real pleasure and your
phone's bed yeah moans they're actually
panel let me call you back your
interview on breakfast class board yeah
I'm gonna hook you up man
there was a few of course he ought to be
honest to be honest I'm thrilled I mean
I was so upset two weeks ago and this
thing looks like they're going to be a
three or four seed which means they were
going to sell there with assigned eros
they were gonna like this needs to blow
up they need to get rid of everybody
that got sting one way to do it all the
way back put yourself in the position to
go all the way this way doesn't happen
all the way back like the Cubs finally
did it
the seal knows what he's doing you
fucking go all the way down get all the
assets now they could get hurt you like
you suddenly you're going to do it but
like next year the gesture going 16 and
force it in the best way they can
because there's two to three big-time
quarterbacks coming out and it's the
years but classic Jets they'll probably
go eight and eight not get one of the
three kids to get all the leverage
before the moment people like but you
don't have a veiner you don't have
anything my million idiot like in one
year you can come back here and be sad
because I said and that's what happens
so like I believe it you have all the
equities just yeah yeah they're all
happen I think they were a so - it was
not just wrong bottomless for families
or like people
in the same ways that I talked to big
versions of this CA a rock nation or
like look we're all going to compete on
everything everybody's going to speed on
everything because it's all colliding so
to me I think the thing to really have a
serious conversation about is how do we
navigate it so that it's Co winning
instead of like inevitable bumping heads
like we do brands we do sport you know
I'm so pumped I'm so hungry good love it
cuz I was like fuck you put me through
so much put me through so much shit why
can't I eat it
it's my full-time health trainer now
he'll go to Georgia Mozilla network is
making it are you Mike
oh I hear it I want the body of that
text is unusual Bri what happens from
good happen did you text me you're
enjoying it yet I like you DME yep and
like buddies always day look man I think
that I that me and you guys see the
world the same way and I think that
we've been executing if that world
longer so we're further along and treat
this like nothing would make me happier
than to be a match for what you guys are
up to at a macro level and they can take
a million different forms but I'm super
not scared of it anybody you guys what's
video for months let's my team to learn
everything I'm crazy
I'll give away I'll give you all my milk
I'll give you my towel I just think it's
all execution Lindsey you need to get
next ever graduated find a method is
here they don't shape up sake key under
there yes we're speaking of a NASCAR
together yes good eyes
how are you good to see you really well
how are you oh it's one Wednesday hey
guys give anyone
big shots of Ryan Conlon sorry I fucked
up I didn't see that you made that video
there was a team I just tagged you on
the post and I love you
hello everybody what I love the man
loved it
pumped I want the t-shirt now get on the
t-shirt say I'm ready WOD be fuckin Gary
corn I realized I'm unicorn I did yeah
for two weeks that we went to five days
to things be left of my life I got it
right this time thank you and the kids
yeah and no to the full five days we had
just us which is a real cool thing I had
to ask myself some very serious
questions why am i doing it's very
important to know if you want to end up
somewhere yes to know where you want to
end up then you have to have a compass
of knowing how to navigate so for me is
it an artist or famous I know I wanted
to be an artist nothing against Fame by
the way it's just which one do you want
it's an experience for your life I
wanted to be an artist so every day I
made decisions based on being artist not
being famous or rich and the other is
kind of interesting caveat is I was
offered a million dollar signing bonus
and I turned it down
glad we did this man I've been looking
forward to it like if I could do what
you did
I'd be the fuck I'd be real fucking
famous because I really understand
distribution if the ideas I just gave
you
but tonight how people are thinking
people always take the easy way out the
easy way out right now is make something
hot let's put on fucking SoundCloud and
Spotify it hopefully something pops fuck
hopefully right life like distribution
of course music ultimately here it what
one one thing I'm really good at is
knowing what like normal Americans that
aren't into music you'll like because
I'm actually that I'm not a good I'm not
a very good music person I'm being
serious like I know that the fact boy do
I really understand America so I know
Billy Williams like I know that's a hit
I'm always right about that shit
so like get that fucking song out I know
it I just know it because I'm that
person
I'm not Boyd who really knows music I'm
being serious
do you understand like I don't know when
people go that artists not like I don't
understand
I know hips Sabah motherfuckers I've
been telling you I'm telling you Chicago
hahahaha
I wish you well i boy
I
hello
today I am I want you on I saw you on
Instagram Thanks
the other day I was like Ethan husband
yard can I get a picture of you before
and it's going to freak out
see psychic Lori you have to always be
Peggy got a problem and then I saw
probably a couple of days ago this is
also thank you so much well July was
great thank you feeling really offers
good luck to find a friend now on it's
all will push him look any policy or
rain what does me from all the balls yep
tamal what's up man it's Gary be
Swannanoa moon for you man get it get it
I hope you win brother why are we
Victoria cavero go coming down
fuck you like a CJ thing I am didn't be
car walking and taking before I put the
shit away I'm saying that some people
makes the maid here Miss America and
they think that you're a dumb pageant
girl and some people may think that
human America and want to be business
with you because in it what I'm busy
why did I say yes to Miss America
because when I was literally first in
from America my mom and I and my sister
would watch it and it felt like very
like it felt like a very special part of
my life yeah look how do I know like
yeah baby justice I was also in a very
different place in my career even real
for you what was it three years younger
two years ago I judge Miss America and
this lovely lady one I'm kidding I'm
kidding
come on you know me
in the mega minute I wanted everything
no thank you turn enough hopefully with
my fucking up looking back please -
let's wrap it up my hope my whole thing
to go done my dad's gonna be real happy
Tasha B's gonna be real happy Oh
you know string we're gonna know about
and it set me back Golden Rock baby that
I was like holy mama why do you suppose
I appreciated my man thank you so much
for the love this will go around like I
said so weird that this hip-hop artist
that ended up blowing up for you is
going to end up being nice well are you
doing okay boys from here yeah they've
been hyping so much exactly with me that
we have your side okay I guess I think
you guys need water - me neither
only the three or four pillars of
culture right music sports and so I
don't know how well you know Mike you
guys know each other Boyd got it
the boys incredible like you'll get to
know them like I put up the money for
boy to manage my own fortune it's so
hard to have something happen like it
happened to you it's hard to be LeBron
it's hard it's hard to even even where
Dave's at right now on the cusp like
it's hard and the only thing these kids
are doing is even trying to be fest
we're trying to be you and the reality
is the math is bad
we wild like motherfuckers you can make
a hundred thousand a year if you get
your shit together and just focus on
this shit in ambition go try to do that
but do this too and so that's what I'm
really passionate about I just think
that it felt that you really care about
other people like this might have a
different way you know you know you know
what it is I'm good enough to get mine
like so like like I'm already like I
know what I mean like when you're good
you want other people to win too because
you don't need to tear down other
people's shit you got yours so I've got
mine and I want other people to win
that's how I think about it are you
gonna be arrived I give back now so the
kick guy by name is Scott Harrison he
did charity water
he caught me real proper once we having
dinner like this jamming he's like I
know who you are like okay what you know
he said you gonna make a lot a lot of
money and you're a good dude and when
you're 60 you'll start giving away I'm
after them there that's what he said you
don't you're not real until you give
back you eat a grave these guys and
that's what he said just like you need
somebody like you and give them that
same inspiration I'm personally like I
want I'm gonna see you give that back it
could be me you know it could be anybody
it could be the next person hip or just
give them that yeah decoration I agree
man I see what how you move and I see
other people you wait get you inspire
good energy I appreciate them in a
little element with less lectures come
up you know saying like but next time
let's go like hospitals if you will be
brother in yeah that's easy that's easy
I'll go tomorrow I look like I love that
shit
like no live like in
okay alright come on now
