so what we're in Orlando for five hours
it's about
yeah
what if I told you this was the last
Monday morning in her life
morning how are you good checking in
thank you so much
it has really shot oh I'm I'm on the
road half the year so I'm used to it but
yeah I missed it I can't I landed Sunday
morning
now you have um yeah no race okay I'm
like so like the level of me giving it
is at an all-time low super excited to
be here at I I see are a conference in
Orlando that I've actually done maybe
four of the last six years five of the
last seven years
it's an investor's conference where Wall
Street comes together with emerging CPG
and restaurant groups it's a really fun
conference for me because as a lot of
you know my big goal over time is to
eventually own brands and buy them and
flip them and slay them and this is an
absolute difference where the banking
world the Wall Street world the emerging
cpgs and fast casual restaurant groups
are coming in some of the big guys and
gals as well and so I always have a
little bit of an extra pep to my step
when I'm at this conference because I
know that so many of the people in this
room we're having people that I'm going
to be sitting across from a board
meetings over the next decade two three
four decades and so that brings some
energy to a lot of people here don't
believe in the world that I believe in a
lot of people here or data people and
and David people in the way of using
data to tell you what happened instead
of doing what I do which is looking at
intuition and then us you know kind of
different kinds of data and interpreting
tone and using my magic to predict
what's gonna happen and so a lot of
times when I give talks here I get a lot
of people very excited about what I'm
saying and a lot of people that want to
punch me in the throat and and I think
that's exactly how I like it best
because when I talk and when I think
about the world I think about it in that
good to see again I think about it in
two ways one either I want them to
completely love it or two I want them to
completely
because at the end I'm gonna win the
first word will be game-changing thank
you again create a level of advertising
federal drive dispersion cycle and will
drive momentum and momentum and drive
more advertising and we will then be
able to accelerate the move as you're
heard make stops and others I'm buying
and creating all all the capabilities
eat if you just looked at the hands in
this room and this is a small focus
group but I don't think anybody's
confused by this and even if my grands
that spend tens of billions of dollars
to make a 30-second video to compel you
to buy something that nobody on earth
anymore consumes whatsoever even if your
remote control falls off your bed and
you can't fast forward that commercial
everybody in this room grabs this and
checks their work tweets about what
LeBron just did and on and on and on my
friends every single brand here today is
throwing a lot of money in the trash in
two places commercials TV commercials
and what I call traditional digital
advertising buying programmatic banner
ads and pre rolls across the web that
nobody on earth is consuming as well
thank you guys
have a great year
Cheers
and other Plateau you know when you're
ABC NBC and CBS and it's 1982 you have
to run a five percent market share for
your TV show and cable comes along this
fragmentation Twitter was it was
twittering spend yo on it and they had a
lot of attention but then as Instagram
and snapchat came and they listened on I
always they get an interesting OTT play
of buying all these rights first first
hundred days question the video here I
was so if we're talking stock market
kind of and I had 40 million dollars to
put to work against it for the seven
social networks I put all 40 so all the
person on Facebook
my brother's I went to UCF for business
I didn't my dad's old school right
what's the sticker this weighs no man
every time I push something different he
wants to go a different way there's only
one way this ends up exactly
I know sir either you leave or you stay
exactly so I'm wondering like I'm 25 so
my I'm you know one thing I'll tell you
is the years I spent with my dad were
things that I can never get back so you
got to think about that and you've got
time but that being said you know if you
want do I take do I take the moment and
try to start my own probably you just
have to think about that the answer is
yes yeah you need to have the
conversation but you have been dying to
have the conversation no no no you
walked in anything dad I'm leaving okay
well then make him have a counter booth
which will either be okay tough shot go
 show me yeah Endor oh okay we
want your stay let's do some of that
stuff okay but you need to be but when
you go and say I'm out you need to be
ready what we've done for four years is
built an algorithm internally to like
really understand who's overpriced and
who's underpriced
yeah really thank you very much
such a pleasure of extra shoes thank you
hello um one of the things that I need
to expand on in a in a 20-17
marketing conversation is the variable
of Facebook creative in its ROI
something that is I'm tapping into is
that 90% of digital execution is garbage
no worries at all no worries at all it's
nice to connect well first of all any
time a lot of people any time those kind
of trends happen I get more excited
right I tend to yeah I'm a contrarian by
Nature you know obviously I my whole
career I got into the internet business
when people thought it was a fad I
bought into social media long before
anybody did I'm now pushing radio
advertising when that seems weird so I'm
very comfortable in I could care less
what everybody else is doing and so and
the other thing is look I don't view
Vayner sports as the economical
differentiator in my professional career
so a lot of a lot of what's happening
from from Vayner sports standpoint has a
whole lot to do more with my heart and
my brain over my wallet now that being
said you know a lot that being said Liz
like I I fully plan on intending and to
build the premier sports representation
business in the world I mean I don't get
into something for kicks and giggles to
let you know because you know there's a
lot of big agents at CAA and rock nation
that like text me every day and wish
that I picked them and they came with
books Liz I want to listen you've been
around this a long time I'm a big boy
you're a big girl like these agents can
do better for these kids and the reason
Brian MOOC were attractive to me is they
have much bigger hearts than maybe they
have wallets but the good news is I'm
the biggest shark of all I'll
take care of the rest
that's insane and I'm like so I just
talked to my wife I'm like we get this
card back to her let her know that it's
safe she's on a plane in Fort Lauderdale
go to her Instagram go to the top right
corner okay and the three little dots
hit send message take a picture of it
send her a message that's what you do I
will do that dude
take care man real nice when you say
well changing lightning
I'm trying stay well man yes so you
bought my tickets at Beyonce we sat next
to each other yes we did your wife works
for pure Wow which we just bought I
remember my graduation Thank You missus
all right as you know is you know it's
crazy your your big-time creative
director of sorts right I know you're
gonna play it humble so we were already
far in the deal that night so my wife
and I just sit down to Beyonce and and I
start talking to your wife and I'm like
oh this is really funny and things that
I made sure so she so somebody was
talking to Ryan about her and then he
told me a little bit but you I did a
little homework so it's real nice to
meet you man
I can yeah thanks man I'm really excited
about it yeah I'll see her soon I'll
sure see you take care
yeah
totally
you feel like it's time um doc there's
nothing I hate on earth more than
anything continues weakly okay fine um
people make it pieces about they don't
have enough time for social media you're
the big man on earth if you find your
pocket right it's fine I'm not the I'm
just people single parents raising
multiple kids plenty busy like I'm busy
a lot of people but you know I'm real
busy so I'm comfortable with that uh
just comes down to wanting it you know
reason so many of you a list celebrities
b-list celebrities a list and be less
social media celebrities don't engage
with their fans and use being busy as
and excuses because you don't actually
want to engage with them you actually
don't care you um you you're playing a
with game versus a depth game and so you
know I find my pockets because your
actions speak louder than words if you
want something you do it I used to say
that I couldn't work out because it was
too busy like how could I have that
power and half everyday because it was
not only our working out it was the 15
minutes 15 min you know I just didn't
have it I had it I just didn't want it
made an excuse didn't care about it and
some truth is that 90 something percent
of people that are able to amass a fan
base of any size are stunningly not
appreciative there's so many of you that
hit me up on Instagram DM daily how do I
build a fan base and I go look at your
content and you actually have seven fans
and you've never engaged with them you
 take them for granted because
your fancy cuz you don't want to
put in the work because you think you're
somebody that that's why you're
losing you deserve to lose
how we do it I guess huh a whole new
world
all right I'll sing a little bit
hmm let's go to footlocker
Barney's scary be how are you
this is super ironic I'm a little bit
early for a meeting and I'm actually
walking into a Foot Locker right now
there's a pool
you see these
what yeah it's cool right
the amount of pleasure I get from the
competitive nature of business is so
insane like love love this whole game
just so focused like I'm antsy
to get the out of the store let's
get these two payers to get the out
here
I like those piers fire it up got some
new sneakers
I'll see you later Dheeraj going into a
meeting out with face truck and the
Babcock our chief creative officer
you're getting some of the bye it's fun
to watch the day after day you can like
see the cadence of it and then I'm going
to go and see Willie Morris from
faithbox the CEO sorry about that
Claudio might have not been on point
when I see tell Toronto I'm gonna try to
get home at least it's somewhat decent
time 10:30 or so so 11 11 10:30 11:00
because I have a 6:00 a.m. workout it's
kind of crammed with loading
tomorrow so Ronnie hi I'm dr. Mann I've
got I just hit a thousand subscribers
not quite a million like your Instagram
but you know nice and you were with me
you were doing your Disney thing yeah
the UH 30-foot trip I did you say three
five three five thirty five more times
than I've been alive and when you first
started you should drive because I'm
scared of flying uh the first year that
I work with you was the second flight I
had ever taken and then through my
incentive line you just got comfortable
decided liners and guys that me whiskey
yeah right
