like me how many of them were asking me
what I'm gonna do when I hit a million
followers on Instagram nothing haven't
you been paying attention I don't give a
fuck sorry
you anxious Kimi
it's so
here
thank you this was the last Monday
morning in your life
like their infamy FBC Facebook
commercials like anybody know like you
have to stop playing we have an
incredible meeting punchline is I've
done a lot of things of less it means to
not only I think get the organization
here to at least I think at all hands-on
works like this and then it changes this
week and like like more excited about
making it a bigger thing than they did
before and if they put time many
resources behind it it will be a thing
and I'm Steve Babcock I'm the chief
creative officer at vaynermedia and I've
been here for 10 months 10 whopping
months it's been really really good in
that it's been really challenging but in
a good way I think it wasn't built with
the emphasis on what that thing is built
on the placement of that thing really
really good understanding the platform's
understanding the behaviors
understanding the tricks the hacks all
these great things such an efficient
place with performance marketing through
the social channels and so I got really
excited about the opportunity to to come
in and hopefully influence and add that
layer of emphasis on the creative
product
I still want you filled we need to go
fast so like it'll be amazing she tilt
your heads upon something but not of her
like wow this region look unbelievable
in the holiday card thank you wow thank
you you're so gorgeous I'd thank you
yeah I like it how braised this new huh
Esther a boxer what that's so crazy
that's what I'm gonna do with my next
I'm gonna start that but I'm gonna go
crazy I'm gonna box seven days a week
I'm in a box
I'm actually gonna I think I'm actually
gonna have a fight at 45 Maribelle is
one of the four members of a new office
I've created called office in the CEO
and and basically is everything that is
just scaling like this is some rolling
now because above and beyond a Mark
Evans or a brand and somebody on a piece
of business there's so much macro
especially where I think this
conversations gonna go it's been it's
been unbelievable helpful I'll let my
Ravel tell you a little bit about
herself
my name is Maribel Lera I've been at
Vayner two and a half years on the
account strategy side so most recently I
was VP of Lluis accounts for a bi but
for the bulk of my time here I was
predominantly on the PepsiCo portfolio
working on brands like Quaker and before
being at Maine
I worked at bourbon where I work for a
small agency called that maybe that was
part of it it's a social media marketing
and the fun thing about me is that I
didn't work in marketing at all before
that so for seven years I worked in
higher ed administration so College
Student Services I worked at Cal Poly
San Luis Obispo and California and
residential life my last full-time job
in higher ed was at Barnard College
where I was director of college activity
so I was at Barnard when Facebook
launched and at the same time I was
considering a career change and I saw
how quickly Facebook changed the way
that students were communicating with
each other so I was like there's
something to this and I had made a
decision to go back to school full-time
for my MBA so in focusing in marketing
wherever I could I focused on social
media that's the crazy part it's making
what I'm about to paint you is do that
do pictures analyze the data do
commercials analyze the data check
correct
and when all nine pieces are all
collectively less expensive then the
three pieces that you guys have done in
your world pay somebody for the insights
go ahead you can expense a video go have
a media agency planet that doesn't have
your best interests in mind you have
three separate expensive pieces versus
dime pieces that are less cost across
individually and then that's the game
you know many people ask me on a daily
basis what would I do with twenty five
hundred dollars so this happens a
million times a day and my answers are
either a by Amazon or Facebook stock or
B go buy shit and flip it on eBay
get to 50,000 and then do something a
version of that for Doc and its
historical safety and growth of Dalek
there's real stuff right I'm very
excited okay thank you
hi sweetie give Lucy my best I will
oh did you see my Giants yesterday you
know what's funny I'm in the best mood I
yes but even better even better I didn't
watch any football hey girls I'm not
watching I'm not watching any football
no not I'm watching none of them I'm
done and so you have to understand it's
almost as if the Giants and dolphins
worn in the playoffs themselves
put the 500 fucking hashtags that matter
most of my world and have a human every
second fucking clicking them looking at
the accounts DMing them and like like
who are the people what are the people
my people like all of it goodbye how are
you good good as you should
yeah everybody's gonna get recalibrated
- laughs new game but yeah man I mean
look I think the good news is you've uh
you've earned a lot of opportunity I'm
more than happy to listen anything I can
bring you value it like I think the
thing that I want to give you is the
thing you've earned which is flexibility
like you know I don't also tell you this
this is all the stuff that we talked
about three years ago roll okay you know
like you eat shit and it returns bigger
value you know they're nobodies gonna
lose this game in a 7 or 10 year window
and it starts manifesting
what's cooking we got Jim and I didn't
get all I care about the world is
Facebook commercials I genuinely don't
care about anything else yeah yeah just
so you know just like the holding
company clarification like by the way
I'll use any word I just want people to
understand what I'm saying I need to
basically know what freedom we have to
do that with her and I need to get her
in a room and pitch it and tell me where
to brand sitting I just want what I want
to do especially at our three levels is
forced them into the system yeah we got
a good spot I think a lot of what
they're struggling with right now is how
it ladders up look what's going on now
guys all right boys you know what
happened Dirac showed up on video I'm
gonna reverse it now watch this dramatic
d-roc is leaving the eye that's to me
that's the ultimate difference is is
that we have to stop using commercials
to tell a story it just has to be
interesting it has to be something
that's relevant that's crazy that's wild
well for an industry that for so long
influenced culture so profoundly right I
mean you were either the news you were
Hollywood or you are a madman like that
there was the power to create the stuff
that influenced culture and now we live
in a world where everyone has given the
tool to publish and it's blurry and it's
murky I find it interesting that a lot
of the ad world is the butt is behind a
lot of the ad world is that is the is
the mom and dad at the party
Facebook video represents the
opportunity to be more exploratory and
to just try things and do things because
that's what it is it's net it wasn't
born with a set of rules it wasn't like
you got to do it this way in this way in
this way in this way there are best
practices that may or may not apply but
I think first things first you have to
have
I hope you have to have like that is an
interesting story if it's not
interesting then it's what's the point
like it has to be more than ever because
you're competing with everything on the
internet so I can has to be interesting
it has to be interesting very quickly
and then you as a creative have to be
willing to optimize you have to be
willing to recut you have to be willing
to take the thing you thought was going
to be interesting and then once you find
out it wasn't interesting because the
market told you so you have to be
willing to go what can I do with that
footage can DJ it to become that oz try
that being like it's a very different
mindset it's not going anywhere
these headphones are good I'd be lying
if I didn't say I'm pretty excited about
it that was very clear there's no string
I'm still gonna do them but not really
looks for Nicolas hey like a little
freshness on Tyler
but it's gonna be uh it's gonna become
social norm everything else it's really
good actually
dad I love him or anything I think I
think there's a lot of other things that
happen here very much like I say
publicly for the last decade I believe
in the jockey a lot of times not just
the horse
my strategy is reverse engineering them
always and always over communicating you
mean you know I'm sitting in a car right
now with three top talents four top
talents and who is they all care about
different things and they have different
ambitions and they have different
they're all a players but they all have
different lives
and different things matter to them and
so I try to communicate with them and I
try to create a world where they feel
comfortable communicating to me and also
I recognize one of the top talents and I
want you to spell this all out wanted
top talents I think a pretty short had
no kids when he started with us now he
has two and that's gonna change things
that matter and they're young now and in
five years because I know they'll be
here you know he may care about
different things cuz he may decide this
was the year he needs to coach and so
and you know I don't know but there's
only one strategy with top talent which
is reverse engineer what they care about
and be flexible to adjust what they care
about forever please me how many of them
were asking me what I'm gonna do when I
hit
million followers on Instagram nothing
haven't you been paying attention I
don't give a fuck
sorry just for clarity I'm very thankful
and grateful but I'm not going to like
you know like do a contest to get more
followers do all these people you know
I'm massively thankful but I was
grateful at one way to media to dirty
beaner anger Gary yes sir
any chance you could hit up my boy bare
crafted bare crafted bare crafted yeah
what's the story when he write down my
cycling team what do you say there uh
comment on the photo tell Gary I've been
a practitioner for a while but people I
can't make me get through the harder
parts of his name sect Cedric Cedric yet
oh my god yes better than a mile of you
guys Congrats Congrats Congrats
can't wait to hang the amount of people
that are gonna make lots and lots of
money selling stuff on eBay because of
me this year is insane actually go look
at go look at this hashtag 2017 flip
challenge no d-roc I do not want to say
how we've created a challenge that is
going to help thousands of people make
lots of money that's going to be
significant to them whether to pay off
debt or start their business or deploy
against another underpriced opportunity
like Facebook ads and Instagram
influencers no I don't want to say right
here Gary be taking profits and
reinvesting to buy sell higher value
items with wider margins turning books
into cars
J Oakland no he's in a high Canton Ohio
guys look at this though these are like
these are like like these are this is
money that people and the big thesis
right now is sell shit that's randomly
sitting in your house if you guys
understood even in apartments like then
you're actually sitting with like
especially just trying it like like
there's cinema like $1,900 or the stuff
it's literally going in the garbage and
like what 90 not like like it's real
it's a real thing
what's up guys I'm just sitting here
do you rocks filming what is this
episode 1 124 Marcus is here Joe's here
Bradley's here
I got IV to laugh a bunch today anyway
why I'm really here decided that I want
to post a fan video on Instagram once a
day and so I'll tag there handle they'll
get hugely blown up will get a bunch of
different creative and you see different
things we just need to figure out how
we're gonna take submissions and as
always there's always good there's
always yeah okay hashtag good hashtag
fan the fan ve e where we gonna tell him
that's how we do it you run anyway a lot
of it we crap that's just the way it is
and I won't use it if it's crap
well but if it's great we'll pick it so
if you want to make a video mashup need
anything for me and Abdul Rock make
those videos like like it's good and
like now with ripple down on everything
we can help the support
all right
basically you know taking it from the
tippy-top it's gonna be called crushed
it you know how these 39 people read you
know did it and how you can to write
like that's kind of the energy of it so
again from a framework do we want to
start with their story and with you know
obviously we start with me like we
always do and then you know is you know
you can decide that framework but but I
think it's it's a it's either they're
separate in a separate thing and we do
all the platforms like you know what I
would do best practices but the
framework is no matter what you are
dancer singer painter want to sell
t-shirts
I will synthesize best practices
opportunities on these platforms from a
State of the Union of those platforms in
this book and then the stories of those
people I think there's a great wait a
minute by the way I think there's a
great one there's a very good one a joke
I use a lot that we're definitely going
to use which is the only person that I
acknowledge in that book besides my
family is Travis the co-founder of uber
so that so that's a monster monster one
that'll be fun
yes ready rock n roll
one of the five differences is speed
is the game Gary man thanks for doing
this uh of course I really appreciate I
know a little schedule is kind of crazy
today so
everything's a lot when I and he was
before we spend the time I just wanna
get ready to help to be quite honest
with you guys I figured the first
question I'd ask you would just be
question a personal question if you
don't mind sure about life that's what
I'm most interested in okay that's
really just oftentimes in my household
highway to feel good to do stuff I'm a
big Tony Robins fan you know you know
tow I do okay sweet and his whole thing
is like achievement versus development
right great all you want but if you
don't feel good at the end of the day
you end up feeling something stupid like
killing yourself or something even worse
okay so my focus on 21 has been awesome
just on feeling good and
I don't feel good I don't do
I think that's right okay okay okay you
think that's right I'm a big believer in
that yeah which is why I do so much shit
cuz I feel so good I'm being serious
yeah
like I actually think that makes a ton
of sense yeah I think that uh I didn't
do any schoolwork cuz it didn't make me
feel good and I didn't feel good then
and since I've been in the real world
I've been able to focus on the things
that make me happy and doing real shit I
got I'm I think I couldn't imagine
anybody that doesn't go through some
version of what we were talking about
right now which is feeling good as the
game and the better you feel the more
you have energy tune-up you don't either
you're on offense or defense and when
you're not feeling big you're on defense
you change you can't do shit because
you're thinking about dumb shit okay and
you're trying to you know like you're
dwelling and you're not focused on being
on the offense so I think that makes a
ton of sense so go ahead so that's a
good play to make
like hustling 24/7 just achieving it's
about making sure that inside your heart
you're feeling okay yeah I mean I think
there's I couldn't imagine anybody in
the world disagreeing with like doing
stuff for the sake of doing stuff here
are the things that run through my mind
I would say the primary thing I probably
ask myself is is this action gonna lead
to somebody showing up at my funeral if
you really ask me what the fuck I do for
a living it's that I'm trying to create
a legacy because I'm either a so
egotistical that I want that yeah or be
loved human being so much because I do
and so I think I've popped on social
yeah um so I think a lot of what I think
about is what's the legacy of this
maneuver like right now this is fucking
stupid for me doing an interview with
you for 15 minutes is fucking ridiculous
it makes no goddamn sense but I'm
feeling pretty good about the odds of
maybe this leading to you showing up to
my funeral like like yeah that's how I
think about stuff so so I'm very big on
how what is it impact uh how does it
impact me and more importantly the other
person in the narrative that I care
about which is I think I was gifted with
some real crazy shit enough talent to be
able to do my thing for me and still
have so much left over to give so much I
mean that to me is crazy I wish people
understood I wish people understood what
I would look like from a business
success standpoint if I actually took
all this energy and made it selfish
it'd be over ready it would be every
game will ride over no I think my thing
is very simple there's never been a day
in my life where I've done something
with the wrong intent I want I want that
I want to win and I want other people to
win - how long is the intense right you
kind of just roll with whatever 100% I
want to build the biggest building in
town yeah the way I want to do that is
by building the biggest building not
that I'm people setup that's my big I
say it all the time because it's the
thing that I've seen that separates me
which is a lot of people that are hungry
and as ambitious as I am are insecure in
reality and I'm just not and of course
I'm in securities for example I wasn't a
thousand percent secure and like getting
all the cutest girls I ever saw that
wasn't my strength yeah but when it
comes to business when it comes to
people behavior
I just got it like that you just
thank you
one of the great perks I'm selling their
company to make his courtside seats I
got a big discount and buying pure Wow
by offering these courtside seats
what up guys just creating some clarity
to what fan V is it's people create
mashups video content of stuff that
d-roc another Tyler make and then we put
it out so if you want to showcase your
editing and video skills you can take
any clips that you want from my stuff
and mash them together any audio from
the podcast and mash them together you
can even once in a while hit me up and
I'll do some original to the screen
video and send it to you if you gotta
want to get fancy but you might have to
wait because I'm it's busy a little bit
but anyway that's a little clarification
to what fan V is gonna be showcasing on
my page videos from fans that mash up my
content the stuff that I would share to
the to the audience kind of like the
episode 1 101 the classic daily V which
was done by a fan from Portugal that
kind of stuff for Instagram one-minute
video mashups
