cuz we're gonna be
what if I told you this was last Monday
morning delight
5:20 in the morning just one of those
things
trying to find these uh crazy good shots
so I don't want people giving d-roc too
much credit I'm kidding dear I love you
so much
figured I'd give you guys an update just
been sitting here for the last four and
a half hours doing email it's not super
exciting or interesting but obviously I
want to give you guys context a lot of
the work I have to do that's in my email
answering certain things replying to
questions from the team setting up
meetings cancelling meetings just saying
hello to a pitch or doing air traffic
control of where things go in my world
is done on flights so what I'm doing
constant motion constant motion always
be moving I think that's such a big
factor and what I do you know just
landed like second I'll and I get the
the internet connection and start
watching the new episode I've got to
prove that for Fergie Rock 22:6
stealers I'm not watching any football
fucking hate football right now anyway
so instead of watching football on the
flight like everybody else was I was
working emails hustling second I landed
I watch the preview now now I'm jumping
in the car with Bobby Tyler's here so
we're gonna creep the meat of today's
episode cuz it's a Sunday and just got
to get home to the family life and so
that's how we do it man
speed matters like taking advantage of
every fucking second I don't think
people really get it I think people are
confused and I feel living that one life
and you've got that ambition just make
every second count get efficient get
super efficient pack the seconds
what's up everyone just landed from LA I
was there for a couple hours a couple
meetings from Seattle no footage keep
you in a strategic now heading horn just
finishing up watching episode 122 as
we're doing 123 I'm gonna bang out the
next minute two seconds of this then I
might go Instagram live I don't know
Tyler but you know I'm just trying to
think about what to talk about today
maybe I'll talk about what you guys want
to talk about so give me a second I'm
forcing d-roc to be in the episode
good week ahead actually you know while
we do this as I as I struggle to try to
find what I'm gonna be able to do on
weekends obviously as we've made this
commitment to do the show every day on
the weekends a lot of its gonna be me
and selfie obviously Tyler and for being
here other Tyler thanks for being here
and filming
I appreciate slipping you out of your
sunday but one thing uh one thing that
I'll do as a series maybe is how about
the week ahead highlights it's kind of
cool so I can set up something and then
read it so let's do a little thing week
ahead Monday seeing uh former employees
got a great agency now she's killing it
seeing our GE client which I'm excited
about seeing my chief creative officer
Steve Kerr gen with him discussing
somebody business then heading down to
the Philly area for a big business
meeting huge one coming back some
internal meetings a book meeting around
crushed it so more on that to come and
and then Knicks game against the
pelicans and have a really fun friend
joining me for that
so it's Monday Tuesday fly it's 7:00
a.m. to Orlando I have an important call
with a client from Quaker then I speak
in Orlando at the ICR summit where
conference where a lot of people get
together for the banking world the
private equity world in the brand world
I'd like to talk about the State of the
Union what's going on in there
then I then I fly back so I'll be in
Orlando for six hours then I'll and go
to a meeting with our treatment chief
creative officer and Facebook then I
have a dinner with jewel the artist
and then I catch up with Phil about
Boehner Capitol Wednesday client meeting
6:00 a.m. workout client meeting 9:00
a.m. big one for two hours then then I
go to the that I go to the studio which
is in our old office at 3:15 so you guys
will see that again for the first time
in a while and then an internal call did
it do it then Jay Williams the great
Duke basketball player is amazing
entrepreneur some internal stuff in an
investment meeting then a surprise guest
we stopping by from the music world I'm
gonna save that and not telling you guys
that then an internal meeting with one
of my favorite employees emerging
superstar Thursday early workout
I'm speaking at a school actually then I
will be on The Breakfast Club so I'm
making my next appearance on The
Breakfast Club on Thursday be ready for
that fired up about that some internal
meetings a lot of internal meetings a
lot of internal meetings more internal
meetings it's a hodgepodge of internal
meetings clients friends investments a
lot of that then the dinner two dinners
two important difference one for our
consulting arm one for somebody else
that I can't talk about just yet then
I'm going to a client Friday morning in
Jersey
bunch of internal meetings being a media
vaynermedia vaynermedia vaynermedia then
Friday night dinner and maybe after
weekend family time Martin Luther King
Day little hustle little Knicks
basketball so good that's the weekend
that's the week ahead
you got some previews leaving comments
anything you guys want for us to do I
you just saw in the last episode we're
talking a lot about the ear the
listening the comments on Facebook
Instagram YouTube are imperative and
they're all equal like just giving love
like I love this show or d-roc you brush
it or Tyler I love the way you edit like
means so much to us it's fuel but then
also details like oh I like that or can
you expand more on that the feedback
loop of this is incredible right now I
think we'll go to a little bit of a live
stream so everybody on instagrams about
to get real happy which I love
three-two-one
blast-off what up Instagram happy uh
Sunday Sunday afternoon sure some of you
are watching football I will not be
doing that cuz I'm bitter and so only if
I go to the Superbowl on business will I
be seeing any football called one second
the Steelers Dolphins game just as I was
filming some stuff right now
good to see you Brandon good to see you
went up what up what up
big ups I am Mackenzie ball good to see
you ask you a question go I'm ready to
answer it that's exactly what's going on
right now
other Tyler babban is in the house
filming episode 123 which we will have
up tomorrow yeah the next jacket is
legit looking for your questions
look how to retain good talent no heat
only one way my friends to keep good
talent communication she's gotta know
Tyler's great talent really talented
like you know I think you know I think
you're super talented and all I need to
do is make him feel safe to ask me if he
wants more challenges more money
different opportunities if he sees
Vayner talent people are traveling a lot
and if that's what right now he's happy
about doing my content right but maybe
he wants to like you just have to
communicate life changes ups and downs
absent flows what you have to do is if
you have great talent you have to remind
them on the macro the value you're
actually bringing them because
especially with youth can get very
impatient real fast and so but I think
I'm winning that game more and more
because people seeing how different
career paths happen within the org if
they buy into that patience but it comes
down to communication my friend really
like just communicate like the problem
is most of you don't want to ask the
talent what they want because you don't
want to give it to them
the key of retaining talent is not only
asking it's being able to deliver on
what they want and having the humility
and the honor and the empathy to let
that bird fly if you're unable to feed
it
luckily for me I got so much fuckin
feeder in my backpack
I got enough feeder for the fucking
world which is why I'm not scared to
communicate I like that analogy all
right how do I conquer the fear of
failure a little bit over my paygrade
Robert I think its individual but I do
think fear is predicated on caring about
what other people think
and/or your own self-esteem and your own
self-worth since I think I'm the best
and love myself the most and I genuinely
don't care what anybody says though I
appreciate an empathetic and and take
into account what everybody says I'm
able to be fearless when it comes to
business when I was a teenager early 20s
I wouldn't hit on some girls that I
liked because I was fearful that my
friends would make fun of me for losing
and that's why I wasn't a hundred
percent fearful in that and I wish I I
wish in hindsight I was a hundred
percent fearless in that world too
because that would have been fun too so
you know that's the key it's a feeling
great about yourself the Rose how do I
remain motivated listen we've covered
this so much but Tyler cut this into
this one because it's always important
and there's always new people 400
trillion to 1 not realizing that you won
the lotto being a person not realizing
that you have it so good and I stay
motivated through gratitude gratitude is
the secret drug it is the gateway drug
to the motivation drug so many of you
when you first encounter me I read the
comments coke head what drugs he on this
and that you just don't realize what
purity of utter happiness looks like and
when you are grateful that leads to
motivation that leads to the hyper
nature of course there's certain
chemicals with inside of me that give me
a lot of energy and things that
but gratitude is absolutely the Beast
that that drives my motivation and
excitement when a squeeze every single
thing out of this life I want to squeeze
every ounce out of this life because
it's the only one I've got
my big thing is that I genuinely don't
think most things matter and so and so
I'm very big on lack of ego is why I'm
good at delegating
I actually think way too many people
suck at delegating because they're
egotistical and they don't deploy enough
humility and they actually are
micromanaging out of their own
insecurities and so I it's very easy for
me to delegate because because I trust
people and I trust them upfront you know
my dad always says you've got to earn my
trust and I always say I'm giving you
trust and you've got to lose it and
actually it's kind of hard to lose I
think that's allowed me to go fast it's
allowed me to scale I think it's a
differentiator and I don't think
anything can really cripple me and so I
give them the room I think delegation
has a lot to do with ego and and
insecurities and I watch and I'm able to
do a lot of things by giving people room
and and to me if I'm doing 97 things and
97 people are helping me and they're all
ranging from if a 10 was perfect
execution from a four point two to a
nine point seven doing 97 things from a
four point two to a nine point seven is
a hell of a lot better than doing one or
two things at a 10 point oh it's a net
score game and that's how I'm wired and
that's how I strategize and then I and
then as people prove that they could do
9.2 8.7 work I move them up and if they
prove they can do 11 point o work I
remind them that they maybe should be
doing something up for themselves so
that's
and that's the bottom line so I think
about it so I love yard sales and garage
sales because I love to thrill the hunt
it's the one place where you can buy
something for a dollar and sell for
ninety and you can do that four or five
six times a day a Saturday and and so
I'm a big fan and and watching so many
of you do the twenty thousand $170 eBay
flip and it's not just eBay you know
it's for clarity let's get this in the
episode let's go let go and and Facebook
marketplace seems to be crushing it for
a lot of people trying to sell premium
things like sneakers Craigslist Etsy you
know buying stuff and kind of like like
Tyler I feel like you'd be good at Etsy
because you've got that kind of Brooklyn
creative thing going on like I wouldn't
be as good at Etsy because I'm just not
that cool or creative but like I feel
like somebody who's really got that
artistic vibe can go garage selling and
understand what would play as hipster
and buy something for a dollar and just
really repackage it and sell for thirty
on Etsy instead of for on eBay eBay it's
like a store eBay is like Walmart
whereas Etsy's like that cool shop in
you know in Greenpoint that you know you
can charge a whole lot more for even
it's the same thing so it's marketplace
dynamics the more you guys become
educated it's no different than the way
I trade attention what's underpriced
what's overpriced Instagram underpriced
right now as you can tell them going
all-in
what's overpriced tumblr tumblr is
overpriced it's not a good place to use
my time when I say priced right now not
the ad units so that once you understand
what's under priced and overpriced on
Etsy on Facebook Marketplace on ebay on
Craigslist Alecto on all these different
new apps that sell and once you
understand what's under priced and
overpriced at TJ Maxx Marshalls the
dollar store five below and goodwill
other thrift stores and you know flea
markets which I don't love and yard
sales and garage sales town wide sale
when you google from March to October
town wide garage sale when you can get
30 40 50 60 garage shows in in a two
hour period you can clean house so I'm
watching people by the way to for
clarity
let's get this in here as well it is a
20,000 $170 profit game you gotta make
profit what kind of game do you think
this is you can make 20,000 $170 and
lose money there's no use in that all
right by the way though it's been an
explosion on Twitter content you know
like I don't know have you seen it like
just an explosion on Twitter oh my god
did you see that our theme song to the
day levy was used by the NFL today crazy
anyway now I'm in the protein food
business my product costs 950 I'm trying
to said whether to sell between 30 or 40
what do you think well I would really
look at the competitive landscape if all
your competitors are selling their
product for 40 and that's the range then
I'd probably go 37 I think people are
stunned stunningly naive about price
mattering everybody likes to talk about
you know my product is so good this and
that but price is a factor it's one of
the core pillars in society so I always
like to have a little bit of a
competitive management price it's how I
built Wine Library
it's how I built faint or media it's how
I built my speaking curry career I eat
my own dog food I'll go free from the
beginning if I don't have leverage my
shit is free so many of you are fancy
some of your fancy right now you think
you're a great filmmaker
it's a great filmmaker great like let
the market then pay for you like the
market is the market it doesn't matter
what you and your best friend from
college think matters what the market
thinks and so every time I think about
pricing I think about how much leverage
do I have if nobody knows who I am and
by the way I've done this every time
I've gone into new genres I was really
successful as a wine retailer but nobody
knew me as a marketing agency so I gave
that shit away to many fancy fuckers
coming out the gate I'm gonna catch up a
little work before I walk into the house
hope you guys have a great Sunday
they've got plenty of content for you
and I will talk to you guys later
and I appreciate the love I appreciate
the word of mouth before I sign off so
many of you the amount of people that
are screen shooting these live feeds and
then posting it on Instagram and tagging
me and giving me a shout-out and trying
to get friends to follow me it means the
world to me means so much to me I really
appreciate it and the word of mouth is
the best way you can pay back the free
content I do appreciate that
it means a lot to me more than you think
and it it's not so much that I get four
followers from your post it's that you
care enough about me to post it as when
your Instagram posts l love you guys hey
how's it going really good busy yeah
yeah I just landed
yeah so how you doing wine our check
Hey
all right guys have a good day we'll see
you later
