fifteen am durak and I Hotel it's how we
do it
it's about to be
yeah
what if I told you this was last Monday
morning in your life
I mean I haven't seen anything yet
I need her where's Junction what let's
go guys it's one o'clock Garrett I need
Yadkin I need them you got to find him
we're just for bearing so Vsauce what's
this in your favorite app whatever you
look first well what what after we've
the first airing sovereign is the
flagship store yes the pleasure welcome
in appreciate guys are here what do I
open up first I don't even know what I
open a hello
wrong
good afternoon happy New Year to
everybody hope everybody everybody have
a good a good little break so I'm sure
at this point you've seen the
acquisition of pure Wow and I'm sure
you've done your homework if you knew it
or you didn't this is an acquisition
this is a another media conglomerate the
way Hurst owns seven things now we have
the gallery we own pure well and we may
start a Knicks media company that you're
going to want to be a part of pirates
I'm bummed about the next two any other
questions Jesus Christ Loomis you
couldn't be further away you're
literally the single farthest away
fucking person I know Justin got it if
that's Justin I can't see that fucking
fine all right go ahead great question
so the question is like how is this
different than a holding company
obviously we're beholdin to me at the
highest level and how is this different
this is a great opportunity so my Q&A is
the best that's why we're gonna do a lot
more of this let me explain what that
means the structure of a holding company
is not bad you're more than welcome to
own multiple businesses that's just
smart and fine and the problem is when
you're only giving advice to your
clients in your own financial vested
interest the way we're different is if
the dump team wants to get forty eight
million dollars to refinery29 mazelTov
it doesn't bother me and that's it I
don't know what else to tell you just
simple as that it's not super
complicated I think the difference is is
that holding companies are at the
highest level publicly traded companies
on Wall Street that have to hit a margin
so the stock price goes to a certain
value so that the executives making the
decision get paid they don't own their
company even the top top leader I do and
I'm holding it forever and so that's the
distinction it's not so much that we
don't have different things it's it's
the religion and the actions that you
preach you know and and so many people
here have been in holding company
environments and understand how many
decisions are made for that reason so
that's that's how I see it
that it's different you know and so if
our media department now started telling
everybody don't buy anything but banner
ads on pure well that's bad but if we
get unbelievable deals and work together
tremendously well and that's a good deal
for them then great but there's no
reason if you're targeting 13 to 17 year
old dudes that you should even worry
about what's going on at pure well
so it works Town Hall has been the best
part about that is why I took it there
we have to do Town Hall start talking
Town Hall we will win all the pretty
color
where'd you go yeah
Oh mark
what's that I didn't appreciate what
does the wrath of the earth
excited man you must be freaking out
who are you guys playing Steelers at
Pittsburgh tough game hey yeah good luck
we're overdue and that's my fault
well let's make it happen yeah totally
just uh end up the tag I do that she did
yes they're towing to do exactly right
she's still alive she just works on uh
she just works on different things now
you know the answer to that right that
is absolutely
anytime you put the camera down there's
brilliance being directly out of my
fucking mouth every minute Andy that's
right I'm editing this imagining this
ebay video yes amazing this comes I talk
to any I didn't something great know
you've got camera fucking sitting down
like I understand what the strategy is
here great see yeah bring him in here
did anybody say hello say hello anybody
with their nametags go to cafeteria
right now follow him do you rock that's
it that's what's happening Andy that's
it that's what's happening right now
Jerry
which favorite out the first one I ever
yeah everyone when I say we're just
going to be NTR yeah
graphic serum so not true
some people I think so yeah I usually go
to Facebook in the morning kind of news
it's got updates I spend so much time on
Facebook I just never really consume
anything for my like personal yeah oh
you mean for work yeah like yeah work
I'm on Facebook you said what's up yes
see that's thank you you're
International you're talking about your
friends boy my teeth
literally literally yeah they started
talking to me tech tamiya around 2 a.m.
over there is a a how are things good
good so good I don't just like do
remember that actually of course I
remember I remember you're welcome
I do remember that too uh the dynamics
of your fruit right mom-and-pop
mom-and-pop right I don't know if you
guys want to zoom in and I don't know
how you guys want to edit this video but
you should really really like just zoom
in on this sucks yeah you know this uh
thing right here because I mom-and-pop
I'm sure that's why you asked the
question right my friends I've good news
I'm just like you my dad had a you know
three two point six million dollar a
year revenue liquor store 1 store unit
in New Jersey I came to this country
with nothing my dad did I was the
four-year-old child he made two bucks an
hour that you know I worked as a 13 year
old in his small store in Springfield
learned the business plenty of you
watching I've really learned your space
it's why I love you guys so much it's
why I want to do this um you grew up at
your grandpappy shop you you know you
bought into the business or you grind it
saved all your money for 18 years and
brought your own dealership I know what
you're dealing with
it's why I'm so passionate that I'm
right there's a reason I grew my dad's
mom and pop store from a three to a
sixty million dollar business in five
years this isn't about me writing books
is about I did it and I did it for 15
years and then after I did it I started
talking so yes I'm much more the people
in this conference than the fancy
conferences I speak at that are
marketers as corporate environment
executives right I'm more like you where
every dollar matters I'm telling you
this because I don't want you to waste
money
you think this is scary and you're gonna
waste money because it might not work I
know that what you're spending money on
right now is not working as well as you
think it is so yeah I think that one of
the reasons I've done quite
well in this environment is shit if my
dad didn't have a liquor store and had a
car dealership I would have been the car
dealership guy like this is very much my
domain this is about selling and
marketing and and I'm very empathetic my
first marketing budget for Wine Library
I built that business for three to sixty
million with a $8,000 marketing budget
as the first year's budget I no money so
when you have no money
when you guys are spending $20,000 a
year $8,000 a month you can't waste it
and the only way not to waste it is to
buy something that people don't think is
valuable you're overpaying for Radio
billboard local commercials because it's
established you're under buying an
influencer who's taking a selfie you at
your car lot for $58 or $290 or $4,000
but it's worth eighty thousand because
eight hundred fifty seven thousand
people follow them on Instagram right
this is basic how do you get him to take
that leap of faith I do it aggressively
as you're seeing in this interview I
punch them in the face I give them no
wiggle room I don't pander to them I
tell them they're big fucking boys and
girls like this is what's up and I don't
give a shit if they do it or not right
I'll come in to Atlanta to bring it
right and then I don't kitten but you're
not my mom I don't give a crap if any of
them do it right how do I get them to do
it by giving it my all on the field and
if they don't do it that's their loss
and then when I see them in four years
and I see these people too that come up
to me and says I wish I started four
years ago when you told them I go I told
you I don't make them feel good about it
I do when somebody comes up to me and
says damn it I show you four years ago
in Vegas at this conference we're just
doing it now it's working but my
competitor did it and crushed us I wish
I listened to you I do not say it's not
too late I said you deserve to lose
you give us more than your fair share
times with my pleasure yeah thanks take
care all right ah I love it
good energy right last time you came
with me that part let's see what's it
like yeah a lot well great I hope you
have a great day
I'm so glad we got to meet you're
welcome let me PacSun talk to you you
know I come from the world of retail and
fashion so I want to try to branch out
and also yeah yeah show my mother the
freedoms as well yeah anything I can
answer for you um just I guess it's been
about six months now so do you have any
advice or the biggest thing for me is I
want feedback and we're not the greatest
organization for that
I think feedback from my standpoint is
being industry smart so if I give you a
real good piece of feedback I wouldn't
read an hour a day on what's going on
with EECOM and discovering so just even
like searching hashtags on Instagram
finding emerging luxury brand clicking
see like what I the reason I think I'm
the best strategist is because I'm
always living it like nothing Trump's
going to ecommerce websites for 20
minutes a day like you know what you're
smarter you would be if every day how do
you get to work perfect like if you
spent ten minutes and like first of all
maybe you spend three or four hours to
figure out the right strategy to be
efficient that allows you to go to seven
websites every single day do you know
cool that is it's the work it's always
the work yeah for me though it's so
natural because I shop online but but
but as you know you shop for you well
yeah got it right so one week you should
go to 59 sports product sites or like
baby care yeah
I'm really into that
so how's it going overall good
yes you join the culture everything good
good come to 3:15 Wednesday lecture yeah
yeah um good and uh what are you working
on right now mm-hmm
2d commercialize this much thank you
very much
that makes me very happy to hear me say
that sentence tell me by yourself New
York been back home here is doing films
event okay
oh you guys know each other yes yeah
five or six years ago that's so close
yeah brain I know how you roll that's
really neat that makes me happy oh thank
you you're welcome
awesome have a great day nice meeting
you yeah that's so fun weather weather
weather
oh good that's good like I thought it
was really important but you said that
if it's right for your brand it's right
for Rance it's not right for your brand
it's not right for a brand that's the
game changer yeah
it's why we're gonna win yeah there's
nothing else a lot of big agency worlds
we're like part of the reason that I
came to an independent and you know that
doesn't have a holding company is
because I see all the politics that go
into what you need to deliver for your
client based on your interest yeah yep
good awesome
take care you'd say and so the culture
has been great everything's been great
oh it's amazing
you didn't know what you were walking
into I didn't I was like well this
everybody's really nice he came home
you're like you know he's like they're
my keys so yeah we yeah when's the other
shoe gonna drop yeah but everybody's
just awesome good what are you working
on right now my pleasure
all right take care have a great day
you guys see I bought a a media company
the first piece of editorial I'm
creating is the 10 best looking people
in agency world and all three of you
made the list
Sudheer to immediately lose all
credibility and ability one of you ate
one of these nine one of yous ten I'll
let you guys debate um but did you
capture - all hands on could I yes we
showed the Wall Street Journal part yeah
put buying a media company buying a
media publishing company because media
pick yeah yeah like what is I see you as
the greatest the best ever here's why
your office use on people and say it
right as like a personal influencer I
can't tell them anything real I can say
hey like who got this many likes and
impression look like the fact that
Instagram gives us those that with
shitty engagement metrics like it's
mind-blowing at this point like it's
like that was like something rate and
even that doesn't really tell you
anything so my main thing well
ironically ironically it tells you just
as much as television commercials tell
you the problem is these marketers
because they don't understand it want to
believe it or understand how to
understand it want it to do something
they don't ask the other media platforms
to do for them in the end
that's what's TV telling you you think
TV is telling them how many bottles of
Captain Morgan or serve at the wine
library it's accepted and it's worse
data than what you have right now so the
answer to your question on the fucking
first day you get to spend time with me
is this it's just a matter of time
because when your contemporaries are the
decision makers this will be your norm
as I think it should be of course cuz
it's actually happening yeah like the
approving of return on investment which
I agree is I guess you don't need to do
that for any other shell so why should I
do can you give me four seconds actually
can you give me two seconds personal
after to this call
sorry you too you too dear ugh sorry
give me one second
so I want to run a definition for small
business that looks like original dinner
it's crazy like girly is like God you
know the story right I was a starter out
which I ever picked up Alex and mr.
strain and you told me I works for you
and I just went crazy and I'm gonna see
like all our I feel like it was funny
and it's so insane right
like Alex missing his train is why you
work at vaynermedia for a guy that you
like liked and respected and it was
watching the video when you guys first
moved into all of this that the same day
and scary life is so nuts is it makes me
so happy like I live I live for that
story I like giving people a bats some
things work out and some don't but um
you're doing good work man
like I you know you know one thing a lot
of people you know how I always talk
about college not being but you know one
thing people like to razz me about like
hey vaynermedia like I'm like we do
plenty of rogue ass shit including like
Alex D Simone's uber driver let's give
them a chance and then you know what's
great about the way I think I play is as
being somebody like who doesn't have a
Harvard degree hanging you know I don't
give a shit where anybody comes from
what it looks for and by the way you
might have went to fucking Columbia I
have no idea what the fuck like I don't
know I don't really know your background
here's what I know I know that I love
that we can fucking hire uber drivers
and they can dominate and do the kind of
creative that you're doing and that
excites the shit out of me
and I assume you're learning a lot oh
yeah I'm glad to be around the team
that's like smarter than me more
creative more rounded me to work harder
and like what are you from a from quays
what elephant comes devil know mm-hmm
yeah so definitely wanted to get this
one I want to get Craig I feel like
we've been warming up to each other
anyway yeah good man my pleasure
Robbie I'm a big fan of that I think a
lot of people you know I haven't talked
about this in my content the last couple
years
back in the day you should talk a lot
about like get a nine-to-five you know
obviously be nice of it you liked it but
get a nine-to-five that you have a lot
of flexibility with that pays your bills
right and allows you to then hustle you
know put back with crush at 7 p.m. to
2:00 in the morning you know so I'm I'm
not I think that's exactly right it's
practical it's right where would he work
oh there we go no oh my god I cannot
believe it oh my god I'm very good my
friend how are you I'm fine I'm fine
thank you
Luxembourg very nice thanks for staying
up for so late a few projects next to my
school because I'm really like it
I am opener spirits with the ones my
family has it but I don't worry got it
yeah
I'm also involved in metal marketing
also besides it goes very good but say
about my big thing is really like to
change something this world to inspire
the world in a good way and to find a
big column and a final solution for it
good for you what is your where to go
so here's what I would say let it come
to you and realize you have a long way
to go you're a young man like you don't
if you're look you know there's all
those cliche sayings right like the
teacher comes when you're ready for it
all that stuff like if you're trying to
find the world's problem you're usually
blinding yourself from it live your life
and react to where you see there's pain
or issue and that's the best way to find
it you care if I'm honest do you want me
on this you know the truth is it's gonna
be a non conversation because I don't
have everything figured out that's a
tough way to I was a tough way to Jesus
what I want
it's the best of it today I'll be in
there too you should worry about you
I'll worry about me all right yeah I
might also go directly to sleep and then
we'll then you'll have to worry about me
tomorrow my good man off to the races a
lot of this stuff is flow then today was
a unique day
Babcock's a huge different Boulder right
I think the bollard ever yeah kind of
like American mean you don't like a
burger man why the overpriced overpriced
the fact that I I literally don't think
I know work anything I have in the world
a thing zero zero knowledge of medicine
a favor yeah but I don't pay attention
where Xabi so what do you want if I said
to you go backwards what would be the
ideal thing what would you like look
like I think that's that's it look first
of all I like that answer because I just
want the truth
right there's nothing man with that but
I do think that that's super important
and not that you have to make one
decision and then you stick to it
forever buddy let me say something here
that actually fought for the first time
the other day it was interesting to me
that it was crossing my mind the other
day as you know because you've been
following from sometime basically he
just said there's a lot more going on
with me over the last six months in this
year than there was before right so so
you know crossed my mind the other day
like wow
freak out in like three years and just
want to spend one year with my whole
family and be like hey I'm on it like I
thought there was like this really
powerful piece of content that ran
through my mind of like I love hustling
I'm 24/7 I want to buy the Jets and they
set but right now what I really wanna do
is spend one year every minute with
Misha and Xander while they're ten and
seven and I'm gonna go do that SIA and
like how much that would be very much on
my that would be the most macro version
of what I've always been saying which is
like when you know what you want to do
go do it and that's like the only thing
and so there's nothing wrong with you
not knowing exactly what you want to do
but I do think it's important to always
I don't think there's anything wrong
with changing what you want to do but I
do think at every moment if you have the
ability to understand what you want to
do that's important so the reason I'm
going crazy and 24/7 and all this
insanity is I have this insane emissions
of profession
put your money down
1:14 in the morning big day inbox
exploded too should exploded big
announcement of pure well just get back
on the grind tons of new business in the
world was here for 12 hours speech in
the morning depending on the CES Vegas
or daily be started you know there that
third episode but we had the big episode
excited about that and
you're living the dream 15 am you rock
and I Hotel how we tell it
see you later you can put your money
down on it and you can count on it
if you're feeling like a salesmanship
then you should bounce it
