he's at some point where I need to get
on the record that this is rough this is
a week-long rust for something truly
long that's why everything you're
getting on tape right now it's trash
it's absolutely crush down this buckets
mr. foul shots well except for the time
that I got Gary on the no-look pass you
went that way I sprayed yeah well it's
just for the record
Oh
Hey
oh shoot how do you feel back we're
 back do you rock
okay
it's great to see everybody how's your
uh yours right what good stuff good
really good I really did rest
graphically right click I took a look at
like my first four months calendar like
the third day in I was like okay I'm I'm
gonna rest because I don't know when
that's gonna happen easy Antigua was
great
I slept oh no it was ain't guava it was
like brother Ivan got into that coming
to angular I went to angular 1 to
angular was great the but it was
originally the Viceroy but then it was
bought by the Four Seasons it was great
except that we got there super late the
first day and the second day I was only
awake for four hours like completely
yeah like slept in woke up ten o'clock
had a massage at like 10:30 had lunch
drank like 3/4 of a bottle of wine
and went to sleep at 4:30 and didn't
wake up until 9:00 a.m. the next day was
is the best
the dough's fire up there
what
the case doesn't should the speak night
be careful o western haunts you know
what was
all right so
this is the new hey guys how are
you
where's your nametag core
that's a really funny pig that's
such a good clip
very good yep how'd you come so far so
spam for bass one I liked you get yeah
is it going really well my friend such a
pleasure or is this like a surreal
feeling yeah
got his combine invite yesterday thanks
doc back to ND yeah what do you want to
work on
have you given that thought for the
combine have you thought about that
ah I was thinking I want to work a lot
more like just skill development on the
field kind of stuff just lineman type so
just a candy technique just positional
coaches uh John stache comb mm-hmm what
about the interviews with live user
Biggs yeah that to me I think that's
where you're gonna explode and that's
working with a shepherd John thank you
so much for the opportunity man's movie
I'm really excited yeah thank you
such a pleasure yeah if I could be help
in any way please let me know John yep
is it John
your words mi it's a real pleasure thank
you so much they need we need to yeah I
think we do but like I need to wrap my
head around at first hey guys what what
yeah exactly what do they need like the
details of their deal really well man
how are you happy new year happy new
year
so ok so we're starting the new year off
the news I see yes yes some little news
so be honest all the details you get
sucked over a little earlier but yeah
this may be the best place to start
would be just like understanding exactly
what the structure is so this is sort of
a separate to vaynermedia it'll be kind
of like a you know sort of the publisher
side of a sort of a new holding company
that is I cannot write Gary that's right
Steve we're we're it's it's not owned by
Boehner it's it's a sister company to it
uh that is going to be called the
gallery inning as a matter of fact I've
even think about how I named the company
from the beginning vaynermedia it was oh
it was always the ambition from day one
to try to be involved if we were able to
execute over the next two three decades
in all facets as I thought what the
internet was going to do and I think the
reason that the most macro level for why
it's happening Steve is I think the
Internet itself creates an
infrastructure that allows people to be
in ball
than a lot of things at once and so so
to me five or six years ago this became
very obvious to me and so we just needed
to get big enough and I bought small
little media sites along the way fooled
around with it like we finally got to a
place where we could afford and and and
make a proper play for the you know I
think for me I'm a big fan of the jockey
along with the horse and so you know
over the half decade seven years getting
to know Ryan and you know on and off the
field using a sports term and so yeah
I'm really to be very honest it's a very
important day in in the history of my
career because I think it's a four a at
a at a major level into the media you
know side and and that's why we and
that's why we formed the gallery because
I think the ambition is obviously pure
was a real thing and we have real work
to do and we have aspirations for it to
be as big as possible and as impactful
as possible but it is structured and and
at the highest level the goal is to be
as successful as possible in producing
the stories that grab people's attention
at the highest levels for every demo
forever at the just like I want to buy
the New York Jets New Year
prove it
everybody this is gary vay-ner-chuk and
this is episode 26 of the askgaryvee
show my question is when you are setting
up a startup uh this is a pricing
question when you go strictly trying to
convince who you are how do you get that
you know startup number if you're
offering services or or a product just
go try to eat cheaper report with the
competition if you have a better product
how what's your thought on that yes
do you understand yeah if you were
building a business that you want to
build and you want to support your life
and family and have all the riches that
entrepreneurship requires well then you
need to spend 18 hours a day is it a
good idea to have a better product yes
is a good idea to have a service at a
lower price than your competitors to
give the person that is actually
financially conscious the ability to go
with you yes is it better for you to
cold-call 97 people versus 6 yes is it
better for you to produce great content
that reaches people through virality
that is better than your competition so
they know about your service yes is it
better to hit up your grandfather
because he's friends with this guy who's
got a business in the space and you're
trying to reach yes
is it better to put your phone number on
Instagram live to get on the askgaryvee
show to get an answer yes that's awesome
and how's it been going here how do you
like the culture a lot yeah good man
good hey good to see you in situ what's
going on man what how was your how was
your holiday Francisco it was good as
walking Axl's in much satire fireplace
over today
dude that's great some you know honestly
I had a very slight innocent by
fireplace but theoretically I did I did
do yeah I really did it feel good
is there a lot how you doing I'm doing
well good man what's been going on so
how long you mean here now yeah so a lot
of different things have happened in
your guys department since you've been
here let's start this way how do you
feel today
company a lot I don't how's work great
good tell me uh people murmur the bus
very very happy with who I you know what
yeah you ended up with an eighteen
that's just a way that's the truth that
is unbelievable yeah what was it beat
wait a minute your spirit animal listen
originally not an owl
uh I was innocent lamb I love zebras
obsessive mouse have you ever heard of
puzzles puzzles so something I like to
reference once in a while that's why he
rocks laughing it was a 1980s cartoon
for like three seasons and it was the
combination of two animals yeah you know
what's funny about that interview I
asked eagerly
it's the last question it's kind of like
that though you know California right if
you could go by any Eternals what would
be and if you're a designer maple girl
that's cool so it would be a super owl
yeah we gotta come up with a better name
like I know you
al bruh al bruh album abre I'll draw for
it Jessica Alberta but it's so
interesting to see how far the company's
gone on an execution level yeah and how
many people can just collaborate when
you have that scale guest cause and I
just found that so a tricky fad that
we've been able to maintain that capital
isn't super hard yeah um yeah honestly
not it's hard to it's hard to keep up
with everyone
yeah before like this I'm glad we did
that yeah I we're in our weekly meeting
and Kenny and I were my old school
banner coming back and like that you
know these are the things that matter
people closer 100 percent I walk down
the hallway it's barely like I'll be
over like hey yeah then right yeah if
not it's harder that just get my high
five right because Joe with more time
hey hundred percent me to get someone
high five it was like you've got to get
you got kick you got kicked out
yeah so I that's been interesting to see
so actually know what I'm gonna send a
company-wide email right now you see her
tag when you use it as a proxy if we
lose it prop cool um cool yeah but it's
been crazy man
being back I'm so happy you're back mate
it hit me up anytime if you need it
thank you so it's awesome man
take you in the same reverse no BS we
have plenty of our shortcomings and
everybody's got strengths and weaknesses
I just know every year organization
stems from top like we actually want to
do it for the right reasons I've never
had I've never made a decision I run
this company that is predicated on our
personal financial situation that's why
I know unheard of it only happens it's
not as a mother Teresa it only happens
because I'm so capable of growing
top-line revenue so it hides all the
mistakes because I myself can get us so
much new business it just enables us to
actually try to figure it out
in a time when it's being figured out
like everything's changing yeah and
that's cool you know one thing that
people like you know so when I started
talking about this whole world ten years
ago so many creatives pooh-poohed ik
because they think it's small they still
think it's small this is about ten years
later but I remembered thinking wow
they're so blind they you know these
creatives don't realize that 96% of
creatives don't become Steven Spielberg
or anything close to it and then their
stuff is never seen like how can you be
creative I believe that as a as a as a
far more creative person than people
realize I believe in it's so much then
I'm documenting it daily and putting it
out the next day like how would you want
to work on televisions like when I met
Jason the reason I knew he was my guy is
the passion losing out of his eyes is
like I can't work on another TV show
like the last four in a row that don't
see the day of life like how can you
work for 40 years as a career
of telling stories and it never be seen
it's insane
more people saw that Budweiser video on
Facebook than like 94% of the content on
television I feel like there's
definitely a place for me to grow and
just do what I want to do really great
to be here to have this time with you
not what I was expecting the Dave acme
office but I'm happy to see your face
and course one on one time and was to
grow with the company it's great to see
you have a great day you too talk to you
soon
awesome over here we did this it's so
cool good there we go
awesome thank you
guys just just say no like manor Sports
is going to literally be a major play
like the two kids that we just signed
this kid Toth that's in there it's gonna
be a second round Center he's gonna be
all Pro Center just money in the back if
he stays healthy he's the best senator
draft guy want to be very involved in
the first seven to ten pitches 15 even
show you some of the moves that I think
are gonna work in that world I need to
hear it so I can reverse-engineer it I'm
gonna be very entrepreneurial
here comes then he's like wait a minute
we have 700 employees if you counted
well and now we count one frame
like like obviously we're not gonna like
the answer is this the thing to do here
correct
the goal here is you know to to really
think about how to position this because
if we position it properly I can get
loud and if I can get loud we'll have
unlimited deal flow then just close
people left and right
well good stuff man how are you how are
you how really good super checked out um
and just spent mainly time on I'm just
hacking Instagram and just relaxing so
it was good listen there's two there's
two things I'd like to accomplish in
this meeting one is to talk about the
content around you are we going to do a
daily V or we can do an askgaryvee and
how much of the you're the franchise man
like you had with you obviously Lindsay
and I've been talking like do we do both
what do we do how does that work out in
a thousand dollar kind of fee thing and
then number two John's been working with
Katie right you know this conversation
of classic you know like everybody has
to deal with this which I just need
clarity from you of like your point of
view versus your CFOs point of view of
like what should we deal with and by the
way I want you to know nothing scares me
I just want to get to the clarity of it
so we can tell you what we can deliver
for what right are you interested in
being followed around from a day-to-day
standpoint or two three times a week
dailyvee do you wanna reap redo what you
were going to do anyway we're like maybe
it's a once a week show where we
actually go and find franchisees and do
something
like that do podcast like where do you
want the what pillar of creative are you
thinking
let's get this all wrapped up and we'll
talk soon all right okay all right
I mean so there's so many that such
small business by the way like there's a
lot more of those Oh it all comes back
to the way I bill Wine Library when I
get into wine business
everybody sold Opus one for 110 bucks
but it cost 63 so I just sold it for
$69.99 market share capture also allows
us to like do some you know we have
clients that want to give us media
dollars but can't you know like it's a
way to play with dollars yes did you see
my you felt my strength today you
probably ran into me you ran into me
yeah you know what's funny honestly this
is and I think you made me fail to do
this is not a joke I mean I'm being a
little bit I actually actually have
quantified the strength that Jordan gave
me based on our interactions yes
things like two years ago we throw you
around and now that's there was one
weird play when we ran into each other I
didn't see you and I was thinking myself
my god 24 months ago I would have been
dead well the problem is now is that I'm
more afraid when you're behind me right
because I would feel okay to back up in
you but yes and now it's quite the
opposite yeah that's why I threw your
ass change
see how far you an extra tab that's a
podcast where the website website and
for which we'll have like the different
links to the different audio experience
yeah like stitcher and I got radio and
iTunes because in when you link and high
achievers and I goes to the game in
again I in about a week that's what Zak
okay pumped that's exactly that's good
offensive work I like your hair too
that's a good move got some work done
today lots of ups and downs
gotta figure out how to show more downs
this year I'm such a positive person in
general like and usually downs involved
you know it's funny I wish that the
downs didn't involve other people so
like I'm really sorry but in our nation
that I can't show you like what a
stunning percentage of my days actually
downs because I'm protecting other
people that's what's happening
like you know we we're not going to show
you the entire Tyler freak out about the
scheduling mistake you know like it's
not gonna happen but you know what I
mean
can't can't protect on but there's
plenty of play of downs but she smells
really nice odd hey guys hi I'm good how
are you
same to you it was good enjoyed it the
weather was great in Florida right yeah
yeah I I was in Naples on the other side
and like the weather was I do my in-laws
live there so brother your spirit animal
me go
going to see the color purple it's like
the last night oh I feel very
emotional Levis like guys have a great
night
take care hi
poof
good luck
I'm fine
I'll go another 12 hours but yeah
there's a little bit of uh Rican you
know when you let your body down yep
