come to uh it's the best buzz of the
year
thank you this was the last Monday
morning in her life
got a good break
really
know why my favor favor media
yeah well this dress has been done
all just brand stuff you know
yeah but when you have taken over with
Gary what happened your main focus we've
actually gone through a bunch of
different focuses throughout the main
thing number one was helping him feel
really good that was from day one so now
that the most important thing is make
sure he feels really good no pain so
we've improved his time to stop tissue
quality all over especially in his hips
and as Ennis
legs and then now also in addition to
that I just want to stack on some muscle
the next couple months before we do
start a little bit of a summer cut
summer cut means I'm gonna lose 15
pounds muscle is gonna be there d-roc
and that means shirtless keynote
we're going after a top set of six oh
yeah see how shy I mean it well we can
you work out seven days rate that are
they all like wait so about four days a
week or heavy strength work and then
three days a week our inability but if
you can play ball play ball you don't
have a while
Missha coverage on how to stop tissue so
it probably gives me the audacity to
give the business advice that I give is
the fact that I've figured out this
world lets them that come natural to me
there's fat Gary you know it's cut it in
right now Tyler then you have to do it
right like like it's like exercise right
like this book and what I just told you
is right right but so is the way to get
a six-pack in your stomach right there's
a right way to get a six-pack for your
stomach there's exercises right and
there's a diet I know what they are I'm
not doing it like
my Steven wonder if my business advice
was real was a completely hardwired was
I just completely talented and others
would try but they'd have no chance but
just making that switch of going all-in
not doing tactics we need st Rock as
even working out yeah I said no because
you're not unless you completely go
black and white that's it everybody in
our circles you know okay friends and
family they're not they might be that
moment but just ask them another week
later everybody's making New Year's
resolutions right now but I can't wait I
can't mark date d-roc presumed over this
ramp put in a calendar February 19th I'm
gonna make it video look like it's your
February 19 resolution how's your New
Year's one going I know how it's going
not well so you gotta make the binary
switch if you can make that binary
switch you're like I'm gonna work a lot
I'm not gonna have excuses anymore I'm
gonna be very patient I'm gonna learn
how to build a business then things
gonna happen just like I made a switch
here forever seven days a week like
that was all just like whatever I was
doing this isn't that kind of wait like
normal like they're people who only go
to dinner every day and they do the same
thing over and over again maybe though
they text between steps like they're
going to pre consistent deeper it's like
we don't do anything better you got to
make it up it's another good segue about
this it's like if your leave her 41 like
you're gonna have to be more extreme
than if you're 17 it's padam it's
learning from patterns it's getting used
to 18
if you've been doing something for 40
years unsuccessfully you've got to
completely do it differently you ass so
I'm pushing it harder because I deserve
to pay the price those people doing 30
they've been doing it every day for 15
years they can be okay alright I've got
to go to fifties because I got more time
to make
and the stronger you get more is
essentially doing nothing to know ya as
well longer you get the more you out
here getting me doing that's right
that's less reason I can work 17 hours a
day now because I put into work it you
know it's day 10 hours late Thursday I
can't go from zero sitting around being
lazy oh I saw Gary Dakotas around I'm
gonna work 18 hours that Bray you can't
can't
oh he's too much of a shock two days a
week you can like I've done things I'm
working out they shouldn't have been
able to write on my hand right yeah no
for sure
good workout my date today
kind of like half on half off Spurs yeah
Sports me capital with a serious pain
pain slight yeah
come to uh
the best possible year some time to get
time to get my hair cut got the workout
in brush cut for the year really excited
super excited about it buddy
eight all right be up in a sec super
excited about everybody flippin stuff we
got to talk about that before the end of
day need a hammer this hammer go for ya
$7.99 better than zero especially you
don't have it you know yeah how much
what do you go for good stuff yeah -
hammers 14 alright guys gonna get ready
for this meeting love you
and just remember everybody's got a
price rate weigh-in and I have this
really interesting 2017 challenge it is
my belief that everybody has a ton of
chacas ton of former like clothes ton of
electronics general truth
but different generation iPhones about
the Senate tweet with give me an update
on your eBay flip stories give a context
I know tweets only have a hundred forty
characters but like maybe a picture of
your eBay account or of the sold item
d-roc is is about to make a three to
four minute you know
eBay testimonial kind of like blueprint
like what am I actually talking about
I'm creating a $21,700 challenge I
believe that everybody if they convert
you know 210 hours into hustling and
flipping stuff will be able to by the
end of the year amass $21,000 in profit
for their account so about the set of
tweets go to Twitter and reply to it
where you see me play self-deprecation
because you'll understand my strategy
around it because these meetings it's
the marketing super-confident football
it's something you might be thinking I'm
asking you to do that I just don't think
you fight the decision maker mm-hmm I
never fight the decision maker like so
when they say to me you guys hope you
television like we don't do television
alright gonna go back and sneak some
some family time in before we go really
really full time today but grind out
some quality stuff good meeting
I'm Boehner capital a lot of people
forget about lot of people forget the
Gary Vee thing is my side hustle venture
capital sports agency media agency line
shop plenty busy but it felt good it's
good to get back in the grind gear up
great to see you Tyler
good to see you and the C Bay video
should be good and appreciate all the
love on Instagram been really into its
really hardcore right now a lot of
engagement really gotten the community
engagement on the DMS and comments down
so it's been cool see you tomorrow oops
something just popped up for Bainer
sports it's a busy time for us so now
I'm headed back out I have to put the
kids to bed
