so this is the beginnings of the
business offices will come back and tour
this home this got redone a couple years
ago yeah it looks nice yeah yes yes I'm
not GM eleventh i'll be twenty years in
this piece so I run own phone flex is
digital yes well there's producers radio
show so yeah we don't we tossed me for
some really good things in our state's
hey hey buddy hey sup man soon greetings
textures welcome to hot and tech the
number one tech show in hip hop brought
to you by the birthplace of hip hop hot
97 facts i'm jessie kay this is my
co-host tat wizza aka the hip hop tech
wizard was good be today we've got the
ultimate hustler in digital period he's
got his hands in everything behind the
scenes but is quickly becoming the face
of business tech mr. gary vaynerchuk
gary much good mob dude i'm good guys
thank you so much for having me oh thank
you for coming what a year 2016 the best
guy you love everybody's like this the
worst year I can't wait for this year to
be over i love this year yeah it's been
a great year for you i'm talking about
it's always a greater if you're alive
it's a great year you could decide it's
a bad year but as my right now there's
not the best business year i've ever had
but it's the best year because what's
the alternative i love your energy i
preciate it so many times I'm out here
telling people like yo um you know get
up pull your bootstraps get up here get
out and do something with yourself
because there's no limit it's you to
stop in yourself and I see that in your
messages all the time to me I always get
an extra bolt when I'm around hip hop
and urban demo because they understand
it better like it's unbelievable how
much I in my brain and a there's a
forewarning all of you are about to say
you know it's unbelievable how much in
my brain I think that my son white kid
Upper East Side rich is that
disadvantaged over
minority from Harlem if that kid if she
or he understood what eating dirt how
much of an advantage that actually is I
lived it I came from nothing so I hey I
wish they knew and so every time I'm in
a setting like this versus a but you
know I'm in a suit which is as you guys
know everybody's making jokes today
twice a year funeral and had to be at
the New York Stock Exchange today like
it's unbelievable to me how much people
don't get it and realize how much
opportunities and when you come from
zero you have an advantage in 2017 NOS
not a disadvantage and i'm trying to get
people through sheer will and putting
out content to understand that fact you
first got on my radar when you were one
of your companies Wine Library TV wasn't
hopping on YouTube yep and you came out
with this rant talking about the
entrepreneurial spirit of tech being
very like the early days in hip hop and
I remember that this guy is one of us
she's you know he's he's talking hip hop
and tech at the same time but that was
like eight years ago 2008 I made a video
2009 i made a video that said tech is
about to be what hip-hop 85 was you know
I grew up in Jersey and Edison so you
know I'm I'm cliche white kid that was
affected by yo mtv raps part of that
first generation adidas know you know ty
you know that's what I grew up in a lot
of diversity back then and so you know I
remember when I thought the fat boys or
Beastie Boys or Karis one we're famous
but I knew that the world did it and and
now the biggest rappers in the world are
the most famous right and so that's what
i saw in tech when kevin rose and sucks
and and sokka and f williams like okay i
know they're going to be big and they're
cool but the world doesn't yet i
remember telling Kevin Rose who was the
founder of digg com which was the big
site back in the day I said you need to
understand that we're gonna be like the
baseball players from the 50s and 60s
where they made less money in their Hulk
Willie Mays like made less money in his
whole career than an average baseball
player makes in a year now but one of
the legends in the game and so I said
the Kevin I said you're gonna be a
legend in the game because he was a web
two point O legend I said but you need
to understand one thing the next you in
seven years is gonna be dating
supermodels and we were mate I was
making that joke and sure enough you
know evan spiegel marry a super
model so i think it's a you're right
that was the video where i first kind of
like put that out there and i'm
impressed that you sniffed out that what
I was up to that's how you got on my
radar you've been steady grindin ever
since now and prior it feels like this
year though with maybe the rise of
snapchat and maybe your content engine
heating up that you've really kind of
become a household name in this space
yeah this was the very big year for me
like if you look even at basic vanity
numbers of growth of like my social
numbers between D rock and I getting
serious you know yesterday or day before
was the one year anniversary dailyvee
the document the thing that I do you
know we got we got serious I got to
place where vaynermedia for a lot of you
that don't know I have a company that
does social media advertising and
digital advertising for the biggest
brands in the world it got big enough
where I could afford me being the face
of it to put some dollars into people
against my brand and yeah this year
everything changed in in a pretty
significant way so I first saw you and
forgive me for just catching up but I
worries a little back to this point most
people are just catching up a little
less than a year ago right after CES my
first episode dailyvee 003 a friend of
mine from Silicon Valley said hey you
remind me of somebody I want you to
check out Gary Vee yeah so I watched
this episode while driving in my car and
you said something that just took me I
was like you are this is the guy it's
about to get crazy honestly in a
different way DJ
is the Ashton Kutcher moment for 20 you
said dj khaled was the Ashland kushner
for snapchat measuring what assen
krishna was to Twitter yes introducing
it to people and get a salad was the
snapchat and I knew like county is a
really good friend of mine I'll even say
and I'll put this out there right before
Khaled exploded on snapchat he was in
New York and we were snapchatting in the
studio he was here he he had just popped
the term major key yeah mid flex a hot
97 yep and we were using snapchat and he
went back and figured out how do you
snap chat for him and became the king a
hundred percent me so when I saw you say
that I was like does this guy you knew
that I knew right because it was still
early that was still that was January
fifth yes you know Khaled really popped
I mean I'm really in my shit you know
that can I curse on this of course okay
got you uh November 1316 that's when his
stuff really started getting going so
he's six weeks in but cuz I was there
for with Ashton and I was there I was
like okay this is the guy and this is
the platform and by the way I've been
pressuring back to music back to all
your homies somebody's gonna be that for
musically there still isn't a mainstream
celebrity that just decided to oh and
it's so crazy musically such a thing to
win for a musician because you could win
the entire 11 to 16 year old girl
ecosystem and I'm just like yelling at
some of my famous music friends like do
this do this so khaled was the guy that
figured i had a story tell on a platform
that was about to become mainstream
Ashton did that on Twitter and subbies
gonna do that musically and then house
party or something else or something
that's gonna be a method next year
there's always gonna be a Christopher
Columbus and I know you're tight with
him dig economics are crazy the amount
of money callins Macon's retarded
knowing how hard he's worked i'm also i
pay attention of the grind the spinning
night after night the grind and he
doesn't fly the grinder grind to think
about the endorsement deals and the biz
dev deals and the money that's being
pumped into his world it's a lesson for
everybody listening as you know and this
isn't just for people that have khaled
same all the aspiring hip-hop artists
like pop where everybody actually is and
then you
shot so we're gonna talk about 2017 this
episode is gonna be futurists you have
talked what's coming next starting with
CES werecat just first learned about you
last year what do you see for 2017 CES
how does that set the pad you know
what's funny especially cuz i know a lot
of people just be learning about me
right now I'm not Nostradamus right like
I love people that think I am but I'm
not and so the answer is i'm not sure
i'll tell you what i'm paying attention
to right now there's three after school
you know for high school kids house
party i already mentioned it marco polo
there's things that are popping but
anchor and peach and you know yucky ack
there's always been these things there's
nothing yet that is like 100 person i
was paying attention to and talking
about snapchat for two and a half years
before i got loud you saw the fat me in
2012 talking about maybe like i was i
was like so there's nothing that is like
there's nothing at least right this
second that I would put my name on
saying 2017 s the year of I mean I
didn't know that Instagram was gonna
follow and copy features from snack like
you never know just what I think I'm
good at and what you've probably seen
the last decade is when I taste it I'm
like a shark with blood you know sharks
are crazy like a little like a mile ago
like a mile out like a like a little
little speck of blood and like that's
what I'm good at when I feel that when I
taste that blood in the water I'm so
fucking on it it's 24 I shut down in
December on my family vacation and spent
every minute dissecting snapchat cuz I
knew Khalid had popped they're like wait
a minute if Cal it's pop and this is
really double good for me because the
way he rolls that's kind of similar to
like the way we got our differences but
like the thing that the kids are
attaching to that motivation like I'm
like I'm living that right like for real
I only do that I don't ND j that is me
that is what i do and so I think that um
that's what I'm paying attention to I
don't know what's next but I'm always
circling those waters and don't let
somebody drop a little ounce of blood
because I'm going 24seven at
once I taste it facts so that was
leading into the next question right I
was going to ask you snapchat or
Instagram what do you do both and we
kind of figured you'd say that so what
do you do first both at the same time
you're not you're not going snapchat
then taking that video and put it on
Instagram honestly that's just a cadence
that's a moment in time like that's a
however you feel like which one you like
but anybody who's listening right now
that wants to make something happen
you're gonna build the next biggest
clothing line both right you want to get
some new customers for your bakery shop
both you want to get a job interview at
a social media shop both like if you
have ambition your actions have to match
that and too many people are just like
not putting in the work their mouth is
right ahead of their fucking ryu no
actions like really you're gonna be the
greatest NBA player of all time why cuz
you think you got a little handle on the
weekends you need to shoot 15,000 free
throws before school every day facts and
so you know to me to me the answer is
both and it's not even if like when
people in business like if you're a
normal person if my brother-in-law alex
klein is like what should i do for my
life i don't care one or the other but
if you're a business person or you've
ambitions or you want to run for office
or whatever you want to do both always
end use every s and Twitter and Facebook
and YouTube and SoundCloud and and and
and do you think the spectacles will
help snapchat I do I think here's here's
my big macro POV on this snapchat is the
first social network that has a chance
to be a brand people think about
snapchat the way they think about yeezys
the way they think about SoulCycle the
way they think about starbucks it's a
brand and that's what these glasses
these spectacles have a chance of doing
if they pop and they hold Wall Street
business people the people that roll
with me are not just going to think and
compare it to Instagram and Facebook
they're going to compare to Instagram
and Facebook and under armour and that's
a place where they want to be because
then all of a sudden money goes up then
all of a sudden the company's worth more
money and so to me as a company that has
IPO ambitions and one
to be on the stock market next year
that's a big deal so saw that with the
lines they were crazy and they worked
really well we love them I'm super big
into consumer gadget rehab um so I I
think that they are what Google glass
should have been to consumers but the
reason they were is google and this is
for everybody who's listening this is a
great segue and i'll take it to a macro
level this is about knowing your DNA
this is where you have to know yourself
let me explain google was started by two
nerds hmm so when they made a consumer
product it was nerdy you ever see the
picture like like if you're listening
right now google google glass like you
don't want to hang with that kid yeah
snapchat snap may expect that's made by
evan spiegel he's dating a supermodel he
was a cool la kid he went you know like
he's 25 like the way they rolled it out
the vending machines like it was a PR
play it was like marketing its branding
it had a hell of a lot more nike in it
than it had apple right and even apples
crossed over and it has that but like
snapchats out a whole different level
and so I mean straight up if snapchat is
successful with this at scale and every
16 to 26 year old is wearing them and is
into them and the real play is is
definitely summer jam and Coachella and
like when when the summer comes around
if East Coast kids are wearing those
glasses to their vacation then they've
got it and now all of a sudden you got a
debate are in the same way that nobody
thought that Nike would get knocked off
by easies like our snap sneakers the
hottest thing in 24 months that's why
this matters so much because they're
going into brand not just tech platform
and especially in the context of the
people that would listen to something
like this people that listen to
something like this they understand
flavor they understand swag and that's
not just about how good a product is and
that matters yeah can we talk a little
about Amazon and then we can talk about
anything you want my man the echoes you
got me echo has been huge for the
holidays I love it sell a great where
how does it end the drone culture that
Amazon's building Amazon's Amazon's a
beast chillin things
think that the echo changes the game and
I sure do yeah easy when you're brushing
your teeth and you're down to the last
piece of your toothpaste and you say
Alexa reorder my toothpaste whoever
amazon made the deal with on the other
side is gonna sell you that toothpaste
and that is worth good drill ians that's
more than billions that's more than
trillions that's good drill ians and so
for me it's huge AI voice activation
like here's the thing that a lot of
youngsters if you're listening you're
under 25 that you can't know because
this has always been your life but old
cats like me 40 like need to understand
right we just started like does
everybody understand what's going on
here we've just started technologies not
going backwards thanks like all these
parents that don't want their kids and
iPads I want my kid and iPad 24 7 365
day not only do they learn faster what
world do you think they're gonna live in
yeah like what would you run outside and
play you're giving them a disadvantage
by 1900 early hundred look what do you
think your kids are gonna be doing so I
think I think voice aia r vr all that
stuff is coming I don't think it's at
scale I think Alexa is the first
consumer product that has scale so i
think a lot you know it's fun now it's
fun to walk in and be like yo put on
that chance album and they do that's
cool that's funny that's like we haven't
had that before but it's gonna get way
more serious than that alexa fill up my
car with gas now of a sudden who's gonna
invent the uber for gas where you don't
have to go to a station but gas comes to
you and the reason you did that was cuz
of lexus see how i'm thinking i didn't
even think it of course not that's why
I'm the bet not just gonna go no best
Liana on a very but this sound like
brain thinks I think to chess moves like
I know what's in front of us right but
what's that I met my wife on JD in 2003
if you went on internet dating you were
the biggest weirdest nerd live in your
mom's basement I wasn't scared cuz I
already played the chess games and said
everybody's gonna do this got it yeah
and so that's it like that like that's
what everybody listening has to do if if
you want to make money you pay attention
if you want to be rich you pay attention
to what's going on now if you want to be
wealthy like all time wealthy
you need to understand what's gonna
happen next after this and so we need to
understand what happens with these norms
and so I think Alexis a big deal I think
anybody who's lucky enough to be able to
afford that because that's a luxury in
their home and uses it we'll see how
their behavior changes and then what's
gonna happen is the same reason my
five-year-old myford a half year old
comes to TV screen and swipes it and is
blown away by why it's not doing
something everybody listening right now
in six years is not gonna accept things
not being voice-activated you're gonna
text that way you're gonna talk that way
you're gonna order like you're gonna
mean the headphone listen the headphones
around now like I don't have me a like
they're out and about right like it's
gonna be voice activated cuz all we care
about is speed and if I could say it
faster than i text it then I'm good yeah
yeah it's comforting Lily that's why
texting exploded it's faster than
talking yeah but if you're just walking
or if you're driving and you need to
pick up your kid or do the laundry if
you've got your earpieces in and say you
know Siri order my laundry or you know
everybody's gonna have a basically an
assistant at their fingertips you're
never gonna forget anything anymore
you're gonna get everything done it's
gonna be unstoppable with Google home
coming into this space to you can even
ask why people Facebook Apple Amazon the
these four or five six seven biggest
tech companies they're all gonna be
playing yeah they're all competing gets
each other you know there'll be a
Facebook home and a Google home and an
apple they're all gonna fight for it
yeah that Google just got into the game
with a devices and their whole different
systems other and and I just think it's
amazing it's great but i've also been
preaching caution like okay yes you have
to do this but you have to do it you
have to learn it the best way and how it
works for you so you're not just out
here giving away your information or
you're just not out here doing it the
wrong way and looking like a fool oh
wait that's everything right like yeah
I'm glad you're giving that advice but
when people ask me about that stuff I'm
like well let's talk about alcohol yeah
let me give you advice don't drink 80
fucking 40s you know like in one night
like you know what I mean like
everything in modern how long did it
take people to learn it though you know
you had prohibition where everybody for
to join any word that was religion well
yeah buddy but I think you're right and
that's exactly right but the other thing
that you learn is people are good in the
last 15 years all of us giving away our
data doing all this
there wasn't as much bad right it's no
sure that everything's like this is back
to the opening line of this interview
things are good you want to talk about
and mainstream media wants to talk about
and people want to talk about the small
percentage of bad yeah I'm thrilled and
by the way there's plenty of bad there's
always gonna be sexism and racism and
religion persecution there's always
gonna be that that's how humans roll
nature but anybody that wants to level
this conversation up with me at a macro
level it's better yes 1945 was not as
good as today yeah if you were alive 10
years ago in cognizant then you know the
difference a hundred percent yeah this
is also a great year for the music
business its sweetest rending up I love
that it's great to see that final every
aspect of music is growing a lot of has
to do the streaming Wars you know
Spotify title Apple music it art which
one are you leaning towards which one do
you got music is a place where I don't
like to talk a lot about because I think
one of the great things that have
happened to me in the last four years is
I don't talk about shit I don't know and
it's may be real popular people pay
attention because you know what I talk
no reason a time when I'm talking about
MA you want to talk about Alexa you
won't talk about Facebook you want talk
about Instagram I will I'm bring up
bring anybody here put sucks in here
bring them all you want talk about music
there's a lot of people that understand
it better than I do I've always
historically stayed away from music
because of all the legalities and things
of that nature and it made it scary for
me look it's tough to bet against Apple
because when you have all the money in
the world sitting in your bank account
you could buy Spotify entitle 44 times
over right so that's one thing that I
think about to actually give you an
answer not stay away from it I you know
it's funny I never thought music was in
trouble I thought the music business
that was built where people that were
taking too much of the cut was in
trouble and that's good I like that I
want the artists to have more leverage
artists have more leverage today than
ever because distributions been
commoditized the game's changed so you
go through it 10 20 year period where
it's scary people cry but on the other
side of it it's better and so I'm you
know of course music to me music is
always great you know why it's one of
the four or
I've cultural pillars of society it will
always be here people always care about
music people always care about sports
people always care about religion people
always care about sex they're like only
a couple of things that people always
care about musics one of them music
crosses over all even all those
boundaries some people might not like
sports some people might not be religion
segregations your passion is what you're
into its it's one of the things that's
what he's saying if you're passionate
about music then you dive and all in but
you may be passionate about sports or
religion or whatever the case is and you
voice hashing about tech yeah and you've
always been a music fan obviously but
I'm a funny fan like I'm not as educate
you know it's funny that Boyd here like
when Boyd became AJ's friend and college
I was like okay cool some kid that
really knows hip-hop and I'll really be
on top of it early like I love music for
escapism so the reason I like hip-hop as
a person is far more because I like
storytelling like I'll give you good one
I don't really give a shit about beats
all that much like the melodies like the
hard like I I like the story like biggie
one me because he told a story yeah like
I need storytelling like I understood I
don't when I was in the Kendrick Lamar I
don't love like the muse like I don't
need to like listen to it 50 times I
wanna know who produced it I don't what
he's doing it my way I'm very aware of
how important how other people only go
with producing and only the music I need
the story I need the lyrics in the words
and what does it mean and whereas she or
he going and so but what music does for
me is when I go on you know a flight
like Sabah right I'm all about Sabah
right now and so like I'll listen to the
same to sabha from his last thing you
just dropped I'll listen to same two
songs the whole six hours to LA tomorrow
that's what's gonna happen so I know a
lot of people listening especially
because it's hot now he said like love
music like all my moves my friend moves
at Mount Ida college it was a real hip
hop and put me on to Scarface was super
into the Houston seen two to three years
before master p and everybody started
learning the south he wouldn't we listen
to a song once and then cherish it he
would cherish it for like four weeks I
heard first of the month by bone thugs
and played it 47 thousand times
so I know that I listen to music in a
way that hardcore music people don't
respect as much and i know that i get
that i love that i watch football I'll
watch football tonight the Jets have a
Monday night game of the one we're
taping this and I'm gonna watch
offensive Lyman's block technique I know
people don't watch football that way so
you know it's what you you know music
much like the other ones obviously you
some people go extremely deep and really
kind of know it but even me who's not
deep needs it it's a part of his life
and that's what I love about it we
should have a guy here named ebro ebro
in the morn he's also on beats one yeah
the big guy yeah he recently said
something that a snapchat was in trouble
now I kinda was wondering that as well
with Instagram doing what they did and
we asked about the spectacles I do think
that is going to bring it back because
his views are down on snapchat cuz
everybody's views are right right but my
real question is everybody's really
talking about how Twitter's in trouble
could Twitter become my space yes ooh
that's scary for Twitter was scary for
me to uh I'm gotten used to getting my
news from Twitter great people used to
get their news from the radio fax fax
right I was used to getting my music
from MTV so we just gotta realign and
get our news from snapchat or Instagram
yep okay Twitter's in trouble shit and
by the way twitter is the reason I'm
even sitting here as you know Twitter
was the first time I really popped back
in the day I was doing my wine show I
jumped on Twitter I thought it was gonna
be big it was it not being way bigger
and I really popped and transitioned in
the business content said a wine content
and so I love Twitter Twitter's like the
first girl I ever hooked up with you you
know what I mean there's that always
that peace in my soul and so it makes
it's hard for me to say that by the way
I sit on a lot of Twitter stock i sold a
lot of it but i still have a lot and i
have a lot of economics do they gotta
change you got involved like Madonna did
it right she reinvented herself 14 times
that's why she had a long career you
know like you've got to reinvent
yourself uni prot Twitter didn't make
product changes for six years in its
prime yeah you know so I let's talk
about sports when you're the best
athlete and you're like the guy and
you're like one of top 15 players
basketball look at a dunk you know at
dunkin in surrey i'll give you some
he's got one of the big basketball count
so I'm thinking about that I think about
basketball players draymond Green he's
my buddy dreama really worked on his
game yeah every offseason you know uh
Ricky Rubio the flashy point guard from
Minnesota if he developed his outside
shot he would have been a much bigger
player he had all the passing skills the
quickness he's got everything if instead
of going to Ibiza and fucking chicks in
the offseason he worked on his 18-foot
jumper he'd be in the game Twitter was
banging chicks in the summer got it yeah
but they're seemingly like that resident
algae they love it like that that's what
happened and guess what and then you
deserve to lose cuz some other kid isn't
yeah some other kid is sitting in the
rain on July sixteenth taking 55,000
shots and that's what snapchat and
Instagram did and that's what happened
I'm not gonna lie that's why I respect
Mark Zuckerberg so much cuz he's not a
sir he's the best you think he's letting
some happen and then even before they
make change his months back he buys
masquerade the people that made the
snapchat filters and you're like oh they
got some shit coming and then he drop
all this other stuff he hasn't even
dropped that yet he's a long-term player
he's a beast he stick you know it's the
same way I thought about Hillary Clinton
like when I was like uh I would always
say about Hillary Clinton I was like
yeah but Hillary will go to Russia go to
a meeting with Putin slices throat walk
out Putin's dead and Hillier enter and
Hillary's like I don't know and I'm like
shit I want that on my team and that's
how sucks is sucks doesn't look the part
like no nobody who's listening or
watching right now scared of sucks curly
hair jus kid walking in look you will
meet your purpose he will kill you yeah
like when it comes to business what he
does he will kill you you owe you copied
my shit and yeah do something about it
uh-huh you want to talk about real like
you want to convey it into hip-hop he
rolled up on you the street punk you
took your fucking wallet looked in your
face and said do something yeah that's
what Instagram just did now it's Evans
call now Evan either doesn't do
something and then that's how it ends we
all know that Laurie does we're about to
find out object before instagram did
this they answered everything so fast
and he haven't answered instagram yes
I know they got some plus it's a three
because it's different snapshot was
innovating yeah now interim copied now
they have to counter but they did like
the glasses of real thing so like it's a
real battle sucks have you know Kevin
Systrom you're talking about real
winners this is a real fight yeah
there's a real fight hmm like you know
this isn't like oh you hear like a rap
battle you're like this guy versus this
guy like I you know like no this is a
good one yeah not everybody sure what's
gonna happen and the truth is both are
big enough to win so that's a whole
nother thing like everybody loves you
know when to artists get into a battle
who wins both oh yeah unless you get
completely punked home addresses in a
song he tried to kill 50 cent yeah but
he was good enough like that's what's so
great about business it's so similar to
hip-hop if you're good enough you will
stay yeah and if you're not you won't
like that like that's it so if Meeks
good enough he'll he'll stay maybe you
didn't respond fast enough maybe people
that aren't isn't deep into it as you
are think it's still over cuz that's the
real issue with from a speeding buddy
but I I think that's right and that's
and that's how I think about it and so
like when I talk about 34 years ago
liking Bezos and sucks more than Steve
Jobs people got mad at me because he was
such a pedestal but to me like they're
the next generation entrepreneurs and
both of them have had monster three four
years and I don't and that's not gonna
go away because if you're good you're
good you touched on something right a
eyes and a show just finished westworld
did you see Wes world no but I know
everybody's watching but I don't watch
TV okay well as well pretty much at the
end of the day is about uh a is becoming
self-aware and then take over and kill
us you pretty much that's gonna happen
so Skynet is real yep we're gonna die
like don't be scared of the crazy guy in
the corner of your street be scared of
some robot that's going to slice your
throat in the middle night that used to
pick up your laundry so do some survival
packing now I mean it's far away yeah
look what I don't know is when it flips
but come this is just tell yourself you
know what virtual reality porn looks
like let me save you guys time no dudes
leaving the house and Finn
teen years ever again we will be a world
with no dudes yeah they're all just
gonna be home porn up in Boing Boing
they already got a 360 channel ready
it's way beyond that when you really
play it out when you actually think it's
happening yeah it's over it's over yeah
they have the the bluetooth accessories
to go with it now so you do it that's
exactly right like it's over and so like
people really that's so weird that's so
bad true go dig up somebody who died in
1854 show them the way we live our lives
and they would think it's the craziest
shit they've ever seen yeah the craziest
like I have no like these are people
that electric like what do you think
they think like forget about cable TV or
Internet no they didn't have electrician
like they don't even know what a phone
was like they wanted to do something
they like walk 30 miles or like jump out
a fuckin horse like like you know like
so yes that's what happens but we need
to figure out as businessman as
entrepreneurs as human beings what are
we actually gonna see and what aren't we
I do think that happens what I don't
know cuz I'm not educated enough is is
that 50 years away or is that two
hundred years away is that but but all
the trends point to a very very very
different world IBM Watson is smarter
than you like it's these are real things
Watson just helped write lyrics to a
song and it became a pop hit it's nice
of course cuz Wonsan has all the data to
know exactly what we actually react to
so here the last eight thousand hot
songs and Watson says got it got it got
it okay here's a song yeah hey AJ to
whiz kid or something like that there
was something that uh somebody I always
talk about eq like my big advantages
emotional intelligence it's any other
thing and somebody send me a tweet or DM
somewhere that showed that computers now
have more eq than then humans and I'm
like crap there goes my advantage like
technology is gonna keep taking people's
advantages away and so we need to
understand that yeah it's fun when
you're benefiting it's fun when you use
the internet to build the biggest wine
store but then when wine grapes are
being like turned into molecules and
people just like a stamp and it's like
drinking wine and I'm like you know like
it's always fun when you're on the right
side of this it's not fun when you're on
the other side my big point of view to
everybody who's listening and watching
is figure out how to be on the
right side of it stay woke ah that's
such a yes how he says that smoke that's
it so 2017 what are you focused on
what's Gary V personally focused on we
talked a lot about trends listening to
people this is gonna air you're gonna
tell me and I'm gonna watch everybody's
reaction what part did they like oh they
thought it was cool and I said Twitter
was fucking chicks in the summer good I
may use that again oh they thought like
why did I wear a suit that looks shit oh
shit i'll never wear a suit like like
I'm a counter-puncher what am I gonna do
in 2017 the same thing I did in 2007
1997 and 1987 I'm gonna watch people's
reactions you know I sold a lot of
baseball cards I see your handsome
partner Ryan here in the back right
because I would go and watch how people
reacted to other people's tables and I
would it would take me three hours to
set up my baseball card table because I
figured out the UI and the UX of my
table and what people were selling and
buying stuff where I didn't even open up
shop I walk the floor of the convention
for four or five hours and I tasted Oh
everybody's pumped about the bo Jackson
black and white scorecard cool i'll
raise the price Oh everybody's selling
the McGuire you know USA I'm gonna do
that oh the 86 87 fuller basketball
cards keep going up let me not sell them
this weekend I react I always react and
so what I'll do in 2017 is I'll pay
attention if snapchats really in trouble
they're really in trouble if 15 and 19
and 23 year olds get off they're not
really in trouble if the views that you
lost were from 45 year olds that were
coming on they need to figure that out
but they're not in trouble got it so
what I'm gonna do is one of the reasons
to your point Jesse earlier is that I'm
putting out a lot of content I've even
gone daily v's now daily right you know
and that's a reaction Casey the best
video blogger in a game good friend of
mine I invest in this company he stops I
start the next day doing daily because I
knew his audience how to find people I
knew a lot of those 15 year old girls
weren't gonna love me that way cuz they
didn't care about the business that's
fine but if I took a percentage of that
that was me reacting I didn't know Casey
was going to retire from vlogging this
year so that's a reaction to an
opportunity and that's the way to do it
yes what you're doing is you're staying
woke and you're doing your due diligence
I woke for the rest of my life 24 7 365
facts that's the truth that's like it's
you know want to talk tech nerd terms
you know there's programs that run in
the back of your computer at all times
that's what I do I'm running in the back
of culture 24-7 and what's really cool
for me is I'll be dangerous enough to
come here and make some references that
make everybody know that I know what's
going on I can do the same thing in 800
different little subcultures this one's
a little more fun for me because it's
true you know but that's what I do
that's fire I love you Alex for having
me listen we can bring you back anything
around this time I'm gonna talk about
the same thing we're gonna see what
happened and we're gonna try to work on
my Nostradamus skills to give you
something for 2018 big summer jam yeah
yes we were talking before we try to
film it let's come up with something
we're gonna do something really doe all
right
you
