what when I say my team I mean the colic
leaving this the blog that I do like the
content I put out I also come from the
wine business and so some of the stuff
we do to drive results happens that
world so I just wanted to sit in because
if he doesn't I'm not capable of like
follow up Alex the same he's does
business development on my town since
I'm giving Andy so much he might not be
able to follow up soon so cool so tell
us about this so the concept of the
eighth evolved from me actually shopping
in Barney's and Burgdorf man's looking
for a really cool sexy high-end
underwear from my husband he's he
started gold entry asset management
which has both billion assets under
management you know she's a Wall Street
guy but he likes to look pretty pretty
hot and all that so you know I was
seeing nothing for the Christmas not a
good time I thought there'd be something
kind of cool Victoria's Secret always
has like a million dollar bra that's
right very hot sexy yep so I didn't see
anything there and then I went back for
Valentine's Day is it all getting
something very hot and sexy Valentine's
Day and we're talking boxers oh yeah I
was looking for theory yeah boxers you
know maybe some silk yeah yeah yeah
something cool so nothing and I said hi
I want to figure out if there's a
business here because it seems like
there's a demands that need Harket
there's probably a need for business
yeah boy so I am you know I met Jason
and Annabeth
here she apologized Norse but she was
she was a former editor fashion editor
at Vogue and she was at Seventeen
magazine she had the whole fashion
photography background got it Jason did
private label he's a designer he he
could make any if you need something now
they'll probably go back and get it for
you so he's on our winter white yeah so
I not like a pumpkin pie no okay
collectively as a unit okay yeah no god
it's got him that good okay anyway so I
researched it I researched Calvin Klein
basically had you know some 97% of the
market share for men's underwear at the
time when I was looking at what the
market was revenues unbelievable
worldwide this is a premium boxer in
category you know you would put it as
why Calvin had such a big percentage
like right metier metier but they but
they were really dominating the entire
market so we talked about things like I
believe you know I wear a lot of Loro
Piana and all that so we looked at the
loriana
cashmere which Jason was able to source
we retain the commissioned artists like
Richard Phillips to toe rock people who
do 12 so we have 12 you would like this
one toile I don't want me to find it but
famous athletes and compromising
positions like Derek Jeter being found
caught in bed yep we have Larry Bird who
was on the cover of Sports Illustrated
and it by accident looks like - yep
Cheerilee is giving him a blow job yep
which they retracted at one point
Muhammad Ali
so imamat a leak we did a special
because of his passing but we have the
number eight buried all around so anyway
so we came up with some really cool
things I don't know if you have
cashmere we also came up with
compression compression shorts that
Equinox voted number one in the country
for the best compression short you know
while you're working out
yep this is the cool so this is picked
up by Gorsuch which is the number one
store and Aspen and Vail there there's
catalogers at 3 million right it's like
a babies touchdown
anyway Gorsuch has a three million
reader subscription for their catalog
and all that and for such as in Vail
what's the price point hi of course well
that's what you went out to do right
yeah so we do a lot with the eight so
this is eight hundred we sell out every
time he can't get it it we sell out all
the time at eight hundred people selling
these are seventy eight
these are 68 yeah the opening price
might is about forty eight dollars for
something solid into me yep we have the
cell feet we have the selfie so if you
take a selfie of yourself in it which we
hope people will put it on Instagram
which chef this comes this way and then
flips over so we have kind of very cute
and clever ideas that our designers came
up with we were up our Ã¶zil we were
featured at Art Basel and how how long
has the company been around well a year
and half that we've lost view in concept
and you know together incorporate it's
been about three took about 18 months to
get the market yeah techno week we had a
launch party at the church street boxing
gym with Travis Scott is it forever so
we kept him you know on them on the
ropes standing up with his you know his
a waist waistband so we had some really
great great press GQ magazine Vanity
Fair and the business is selling mainly
to retail or direct-to-consumer we're
really good with with website got it
safe on fire so this is a week so what
percentage your businesses you guys we
but maybe flew in Colorado today
Philip unless we don't okay okay yeah so
but anyway this is a Richard Cole this
was featured at us colossal so it's a
week and if you're if you're high
because your eyes get a certain retina
whatever you told me you see this that
we pops out well if you're high I
wouldn't know
so they say what what percentage of
business is directed super versus
directed concern are of course yeah keep
the margin yeah and also engaged if
that's where we've course to any you
know burgers want something like this
but then you know they may not
necessarily sure this is going together
then you kind of course it looks like so
you know we like being and how are you
driving sales to calm press mainly map
so far in the beginning it was sort of
organic press yeah but of reach out to
different publications or a little
school method yep we also are featured
in many I have a fake movie background
so they're they're featured in movies
you know Alec Baldwin De Niro in various
movies ever have come out and premiere
so we did we try to use various product
placement projects and all of that now
it is an SEO and some online you know
research and all that that we target SEO
or SEM as you SEM and any Facebook
active yeah yeah but you're not running
Facebook ads um they were yeah it has
the urgency got it yeah and and
Instagram or influencers on internet but
neither one you don't have an internal
asset that understands digital marketing
so you have to mercy of whether that's
where right now sort of trying to say
you know this is where this has been a
good place for us and now that we're is
that as we know what our best sellers
are we know
the products going forward you know
what's next and you know I think we've
created a vocabulary for the brand sort
of a culture of what we do and how we do
things it's not typical of other brands
out there right now so it's what we can
present dependable you need to have an
internal resource for digital marketing
if you're gonna be a direct consumer
brand okay
first and foremost like from like a
religion over tactics that's the first
religious thing you have to do otherwise
you're at the mercy of an SEO firm that
is probably doing Facebook terribly
wrong even though the Facebook SEO is
blood easier to show black and white and
is a twenty-year practice so anybody can
do SEO kind of thing versus most people
can't do Facebook but all the action is
on Facebook and Instagram especially for
a visual brand your visual brand Google
Google find somebody searches boxers or
what-have-you and you can win that game
but it's blue letters it like if you
really understood if you really gave a
 enough to really understand what's
happening in Google it's completely the
antithesis of what you're building it's
completely commoditized branding sure
whereas Instagram and Facebook or visual
like your blue letters are the same as
blue letters of like private label
hot you know the least expensive boxers
in the world look exactly like you on
google google blue letters so you're not
only is it is there ways to do it better
it's also a detriment to your
positioning and all the efforts you're
putting into it too most of like and
then think about 80% of your business is
done online and I have to assume an
unbelievable proportions of the traffic
coming in outside of like a good article
in a you know a search term is going to
be the SEM so that's super important to
me and so I think the follow-up to this
is going to be how much do you want to
pay for somebody and then I'll try to
help get you the best possible person
for the lowest possible you know kind of
thing so I'll give that some time I
think that's the that's the big big big
takeaway so what do you guys want to
happen that would like obviously want to
build a biggest brand in the world and
you view that as happening
you're direct-to-consumer world are you
guys thinking long-term of having your
own retail experiences like how are you
thinking about distribution got it you
know yeah so the same world isn't very
secret was able to create you know would
that be in New York the first store I'm
asking a pretty specific reason because
I want to give you the strategy against
the creative social like if the answer
is yes and because you're not going to
spend a million dollars a year on
Facebook ads or maybe you are but I'm
making some assumptions I want to
localize the strategy against the place
that you're most likely going to open
the store the eggs came from eighth
Avenue that's where we started so you
know it would be kind of apropos to
start in New York on a bad new so okay I
would think so right you know absolutely
okay what else going into I mean
obviously we had you know I had just
only met your husband so I don't know
how much context that was there anything
that you guys had coming in mentally
into this meeting questions or thoughts
or anything you wanted me to talk about
you know I guess what we were thinking
about is you know whether we should this
is just a question though yeah I have
yeah you know do we stay and do more of
the same because it's good do we start
expanding and you know a lot it's weird
because we have a lot of women who are
wearing wearing this where we have a lot
of women fix on to men right if you go
on our website it's men but we have a
lot of women I don't know if we're
supposed to how much ribbon you do guys
shop I have to look that up I'm not I'm
not the money person no worries but it's
no it's not that crazy it's not crazy
but you know we always we're always
looking to see when we expand the reason
I asked that question off of your rant
is my intuition is it's a common thing
this is one man's point of view you'll
get some different points of view on
this I think people go too wide too
early I mean look you're you guys are a
team of quality and taste you haven't
even begun to go down the path of sales
and conversion right right
everybody has their strengths and
weaknesses right I think you guys are a
game of quality and taste and the
reality is that makes you an artist
and what makes you a business as sales
and conversion and the cool thing is
you've outsourced that now who's the
agency you guys went with for the mm-hmm
did you guys I don't know that is but do
you are you had a relationship with them
or you guys met with a bunch of people
or how did you come about it was a clown
I got it yeah I mean that's to me how
much are you spending with them hey
there there feasor
but then you have to pay for the
advertising yeah I mean if you're truly
spending 30,000 a month I have some
great news you can do some real damage
like you can still do down well of
course I mean look by the way you can do
damage with $1 it's not gonna be this on
me the greatest damage in the world but
I know here's the good part you're
already spending enough money to see
meaningful results and I don't know if
you are not I do you I mean you have any
feel of what you're doing in revenue per
month I threw the EECOM Channel who I
you know City can I know the answers
like whose I wasn't prepared for that
sorry that's okay that's okay but but to
that point are you guys I mean I still
think that that brings some interesting
intrigue to the conversation around art
and science like if if somebody's got to
be grounded in that right and it
can't be your accountant right
somebody's got to be running the
business and by the way I've run the
business I run this business it's 100
million dollar business there I don't
know about numbers I have people do
it but I'm grounded in them because you
have to have them for strategy right you
know what I mean yeah like to me to me
you finally you should focus on what you
do best right that's what I'm
I'm not really retrospective to see how
much are we making how much we're making
it's more like where we go what could we
do how could we do better I'm less
worried about how much you're making I'm
worried about what your money is being
spent on to make what you want to happen
when you're spending three hundred sixty
thousand dollars a year in advertising I
can have all of Manhattan giving a
and you don't have that so correct so
what I think you have is nine is two
thousand four digital marketers who are
making a margin on you and and if nobody
I stopped them I stopped them as a olga
strangle right god I like I said over by
you know guys that know that you know
God cuz it's a tremendous amount of
money and you know it's just not
yielding the results of you know I know
it could possibly in the future but you
gotta justify every month so the answers
I stopped that got it and I'm looking I
am looking for a way you like you're
saying what makes sense dollar wise to
get this going you know I think it's
Instagram
I think it's snapchat I think it's
Facebook I think it's YouTube I think
it's where the consumers attention not a
specific comment you say someone in our
hire somebody to sit in like it or my
intuition is my intuition is it ends up
being both okay but think about it it's
like me being it's like me paying for
art it's not what I do and if I'm the
decision-maker I need you to be my
partner to be like is he right I want
you you guys at least on paper I want
you to have somebody to know if we're
the best if Rick's the best if Sally's
the best you can't it doesn't say you
guys don't have the background for
judging story you have taste you know if
this is a good if you asked me to know
what the this should cost I'd be
dead you know that in your sleep I want
you to have that asset on your team so
when all the characters like me come
around well they're radiations
okay you know they know what the hell
they're talking so yes right I think
that's important and I think the other
thing that's running through my mind is
you know a lot of people that work for
me wanna work in small companies and
they come here for training and so I
might be able to help with somebody
who's young which will cost you less but
trick but skill above they're a
and can do it all creative and you know
cuz you a crazy question have you
thought about building your brand I
think that is the biggest wild card so I
think you should do all that but if you
ask me how it becomes big it's because
you became big and and in the same way
what he's doing right now
like there's a new way to become big I
actually think I don't I don't know that
I'm not from that I'm aware how old for
that I am ashamed by the way by the way
this is not an age thing what we're
inventing but just so you know no no no
no and they can all attest to this all
the 20 year olds in the world don't
understand what I'm talking about I'm
talking about the modern day human
production company around a person
there's no 20 year old running around
this they understand how to take a
selfie they understand that snapchat is
important they don't understand the
science that the 15 people sitting out
here that all work on just my brand
understand yeah I do and so today and
they'll go on to you they're like crush
with me or like it will be known because
once somebody figures something out the
world will know but I sure do
basically what I know right now is we're
sitting on a capability that is what
reality TV was in 2000 and once in a
while you come across a person who
actually can play like it still takes
talent like my early intuition on you is
that you have that thing and you need to
debate it right I think I feel like I
have the talents I'm not the talent
thing but if they're the talent and I
feel like they have the product and they
have the quality and then I feel like
it's my job and my wish to to to get it
out there I think I think the way I kind
of think about it is if tomorrow Bravo
came to you guys and said do you want to
do a show about your journey and
building this company you would
seriously consider it and we I mean I
don't know you like how you go wider
like that or that's great but you
would seriously consider it for the
exposure of what I do your business and
I think you would do really
that show and I think when I see that
they need to like you need to get
grounded in what vlogging is and all
this stuff it could by blogging video
blogging okay
it's basically a reality TV show like
I'm not joking when I tell you that if
you asked me push comes to shove to be
historically correct on the thing that
made your business big it would be a
human being following you around the
camera every day yeah we're I'm so
interested in it that we've been
spending the last six months in about
three months we're going to launch
something called Vayner talent so I've
been talking like Tyra Banks like Curtis
Martin football player like a bunch of
different people we have figured out
something for me in the last six months
and I've been on social media and
producing content for a decade but in
the last six months we've really last
year we've really figured it out and now
we're trying to figure out if we can
scale it as a as a it just it's funny to
me that that $20,000 a month charging
somebody for something like this would
bring them a lot more business than what
we do best in the world here on Facebook
and Instagram creative and ads it's cool
it's just how the world works
unbelievable so something you should
sleep on I don't necessarily need you to
as a client but I can show you how it's
done you could hire it internally but
it's obviously a very personal decision
like I'm not joking I mean a reality
show right like there is a man or a
woman for that matter that follows you
around and it's you yelling at Leon it's
you shopping it's your meetings it's you
having business meeting like it's a show
and it airs on Facebook and YouTube and
I believe it would be the biggest
gateway drug to the growth of your
business but you know and but I think
it's a very easy thing to understand
today if you think about Skinnygirl or
if you think about the Kardashian
phenomenon or the fact that dj khaled is
gonna make 30 to 40
like that what is it people want to get
hot people keep doing know people the
psychological punchline yeah
rubbernecking it's just a deep inherent
human thing it's called Yenta syndrome
got it it's just it's who we are
it's what people are we're generally
interested in people and the people no
they just want to see the truth
got it that's why what I'm doing is
going to beat reality TV because reality
TV is just more of the truth of TV but
this is way more truthful reality
distribution Facebook and YouTube but
then think about what you do but what
people don't know is so now we take a
thousand dollars and we run the ads
we've run so we run you put nobody knows
who the you are
here's Episode one of you no one gives a
 but Facebook is the best ad product
in the world
so you post it and then we run a
thousand dollars worth of ads against
the employees of Saks Fifth Avenue
Barney's and Nordstrom's so now if I'm
Sally on the Upper West Side and I work
at Nordstrom's when I'm going through my
facebook feed and seeing my friend's
daughter I'm going to see episode one of
your shell in my feed ninety four out of
100 be like I don't give a but six
are gonna watch it day after day after
day depending on how interesting and
clever and how well it's edited and how
well the ads are targeted you build
that's it how long are they these little
Oh so they run the gamut he D rocks
laughing because we're airing on Monday
an hour and thirty minute of it but
normally ours runs mine runs ten to
twenty five we've got our first beta
outside of me a graffiti artist and
motivational speaker how much of how
long are those been 20 minutes angers
and you have your own
Facebook page yes you would have knew
that he loved me for the for you we
would have to have you yes I mean under
your business that's a very good point
in the first meeting and I clearly got
it got it
I'm sorry so so so so the punchline is
we would I know you are but but I love
being respectful um you we have a
strategy session at first we there's a
very good debate to either it being your
page or the company's page and we would
talk that you'll see in the deck we're
making four people it's the first thing
it says is we're reverse engineering you
give me the most famous person in the
world and be an introvert means we're
not working together right you may be so
famous that you don't want to do it any
like like you've got to be the right
person people don't have to I have no
time like time is a factor I don't show
my children just a decision my wife and
I made uh I wish I did because it'd be
even more viral in huh yeah but but
that's something important to us so all
we do right which is huge family kills
like I'm leaving millions of views on
the table especially with my two
characters everybody everybody plays
their own thing right um as you can
imagine I do a lot of business so a lot
of the stuff never makes it because I'm
having I'm firing somebody I'm talking
about somebody salary would negotiate
things that TV shows that are six months
away that nobody could know about so
you'll in life you know yes yeah I need
some people ask for him not to sometimes
I feel uncomfortable in the scenario no
yes my business life it's not just here
it's in Finland and it's Orlando yeah
yes that's right it's a business show
it's a life it's my entrepreneurial life
i reference my family uh but i just have
a funny feeling you've got some upside
in that and it's something you should
two minutes and you should sleep on it
okay intuition was right
I think so like it's just so it's so
black like I almost feel like I see life
in a different lens like when I see it I
just know and the truth is unlike
learning the craft of how much does this
cost learning the craft of what these
800 people do what's so great about it
and you're gonna know this you just do
you it's it's the time it's the easiest
thing to do in life
so something think about some of the
think about don't you would you be that
they would be the person to be
everywhere office or following in home
no I'm by the way but like by the way it
could be only about you and you're a
side character it could be the show
about the whole business and there could
be for kept like it could be cheers they
could be you know it that's right okay
it could be anything you want it to be
because here's what's better than
signing a deal with Bravo you're in
control of the final at it yeah that's
where it gets real good now the thing is
I would recommend that if you try to
micromanage too much and not listen to
what we know which is you have to show
vulnerability you have to show real
humanity like you have to show the
you don't want to show otherwise nobody
gives a because you're back to
television got it
some of the be so I think those are
those are two things you should be
sleeping on a you know a real digital
strategy for 2017 not for 2006 uh and
just and be a real conversation amongst
yourselves of like is this the right
model and this is a model that literally
exists only with people that film
themselves vloggers on YouTube that have
transcended I'm not good at that so I
made my own version of it which is this
but it's real we know that and then and
then shooters
snapped are they all equally powerful
they're all high do them all the same
content everything nope left because no
because most people use social media to
blast out you have to create for it so
content that works on snapchat snapchat
is me first person always
whereas YouTube and Facebook is the
distribution of the show got it
Instagram is me but I use that for
motivational quotes mainly you know so
dip dip dip dip all strategy like the
thing that people don't understand is
this is the world this is the actual
world of communication and there's real
scale and everybody thinks it's just
like oh it's social media it's
exponentially harder than print like if
your lovely partner was here I would
absolutely make her feel inferior to the
skills she deployed against print cuz it
was easier it's just easier my right you
know it's not her fault it's just the
truth
like this is very complex nuanced and
detailed which is why everybody thinks
its first so everybody doesn't think
it's a big deal and then when they spend
on it and they aren't successful they
don't think it works it works you didn't
know what to do with it you know much
money I would make playing a piano you
know what I mean but Billy Joel makes
 billions you have to know what
the you're doing
so alright good yes I mean email let me
know if there's anything I can help with
you know we don't pleasure take care
thanks for hanging you guys but you can
you could really out like go and cliche
and I don't know you but I'm just giving
you like like you could win the
housewives sex in a city thing in a real
way I'm telling you right now you could
you have to think about it I don't I
don't want to I don't know here's what I
can promise you I can promise you you
can come in here and sit with me and
Lindsay and I'll walk you through what
Vayner talent is I I'm still work um you
know you know what makes a great
salesperson somebody that really
believes in their I know we've got
it I really believe in it I'm scared of
two things one that's why I'm bait
testing with this one person I really
want a triple check because I want
everybody talking about me behind my
back the best because I make five times
twenty thousand dollars a month to give
a speech I'll do that it's not about the
money I want to build something
eventually that could be worth billions
because that's what production companies
are and - I need to know you better
because the because I have a lot of
empathy for what it takes what they'll
tell you is for all my intensity I let
the creators do their thing I don't
control the message and I've been in
this for 10 years understanding this
world here I just threw a whole new
thing for you to think about it you
never thought about it yeah now you mean
right now you're gonna think about it
and even if you say yes 100%
I have so much empathy for you wanting
to be very in control of the final
output and in that is a lack of speed
which is the ROI of the whole thing so I
need you to be in the know business not
the yes business what I mean by that is
you sit down you watch for 23 minutes
and you're like no that one thing I
can't like my sister will kill me right
not idea about that not good right right
not a lot right right not not not oh I
don't like that angle right you're just
gonna lose it yeah
most of all yourself yeah because
because by the way getting into a place
where people are stopping you cut like
I'm getting stopped 10-15 times a day in
the street it's changing my life you
know with my daughter and fans are
yelling out she's like Daddy like you
know like so you know and by the way
people like you and I we want it we want
it you gotta be big and you're yeah
you're the unit different but yeah
you're too much yeah you're too much
that's correct
in a different place but but I will tell
you this you will sell
I built a hundred million dollar
business on my brand you will sell
you'll get any yeah you look you'll get
it you will get an email from QVC saying
do you want to work with us you will get
an email from for an unbelievable shop
in Naples Florida that has four
locations that says we love you we watch
every day we want your product when you
come to the store you'll get an email
from HarperCollins offer you $100,000 to
write a book it will happen
that 30,000 a month deployed
against this for one year that 360,000
dollars will pay you back millions this
is the new world
coy take care it's like yeah stay well
bye-bye
you really think this is right for her
huh I'm going off your vibe now just
from whatever one conversation you know
it's not about me thinking either gonna
do I'm a Cuban are you know to really
even our night life of me doing all easy
and by the way some things you can and
some things I can you know what I mean I
was right I was with Joe Biden two days
ago wait I feel that I like you you know
but you push for as much as you can
right you get it sometimes over you know
yeah okay all right take care bye-bye
take care
