but I'm sure Brett entrepreneur and by
my definition that means somebody who
likes losing meaning I think of myself
much more as a UFC fighter than I think
of a buck as a boxer I like boxing more
even though that's not a popular thing
to say but but I also think that a
boxing when you get a loss it's like a
Scarlet Letter right and UFC everybody
has losses that's just like part of the
game and I've sociate to that sport more
as an entrepreneur like there is no
great entrepreneur that doesn't have
losses it's not even the cliches shit of
like you learn from your losses fuck
that it's just that it meant that you
didn't take chances I'm not here to be
like you learned from your losses I'm
here like oh you have no losses getting
taken at risk which means you're on
defense or you're in passive mode which
is even scarier you're in the middle and
almost what should rather be defense
than being stuck in the middle
