what's up with it road life it's good
man
nah man as long as you know I just need
like four to five core people to be
healthy and then I'm good
how you doing that's good man it makes
me happy how are you how are you
thinking about like it's super
interesting for me from afar and
obviously you know just in culture I
know about you and then obviously Kenny
Austin's a good friend and I know about
that and Boyd and everything it's super
interesting to me because I feel like
your your your story and how you roll is
why I like hip-hop so much because I
think of it more as hustling and
entrepreneurship then even necessarily
the music how are you thinking about how
ridiculous your opportunity is the next
3040 years because you you're you've got
so much fucking leverage like people
really talk good shit behind your back
that know you like whether it's cliche
beats by dre or like what I'm up to
which is buying brands like your ability
to create real wealth creation is unique
in your space and I was really excited
to meet you just to get a sense of how
you're thinking about that because for
example like I think you should buy I
think you should buy Wheaties for like
like I'm being serious like that's what
I think you can do I think a lot of kids
are gonna make money but you're an
entrepreneur like when I look at you I
look at you entrepreneur , artist at
least from afar I don't know you well
enough yet but it's real obvious to me
you know you can you could always you
could always sense your own from afar
for me is just like that was my thing I
even got into music all for being
husband that's what well that's I know
enough to know like I feel like you're
using music as your gateway set up for
your mobile ambitions this is sounds
right just to keep you tuned in you over
this collaborative you fucking leverage
shows of you
I feel bad it out of people we can get
them in here let's get them in here
yeah I know I noticed dude was like
let's get out but like a quick mood for
that pick all this garbage out yes you
say we see yeah yeah man that my whole
thing is like what am i man pleasure
hard thanks good take you see right
there uh my whole thing I was telling a
rod the other day he's like I'm we're
gonna make an app and make this money me
and Jalen like dude you need to buy
fucking food of the wounds and put your
fucking sexy asses in those underwear
with JLo and buy that for 130 million
and then sell it for a billion like
everybody you know even what you did
with with a be own like I think it's
tough like now it's very obvious to me
that the next step in the game of the
thing that drives our culture which is
fucking hip-hop is first it was like you
got a couple done you got pennies then
then then they became silver then I went
to paper but you know and you know this
and you've done it probably outside of
like three or four other artists better
than anybody the next step is fucking
for real for real and that's why I do
think like Wheaties like uh what I'm
building here is I want to build a
machine a Death Star and then I want to
buy Tylenol or Wheaties or k-swiss
that's why I did a collaboration with
them I want to buy big-ass fucking
businesses and run them through my
culture machine which is different than
your culture machine and make real
fucking economics Timbo's you need to
buy Timberland the brand and fucking
reboot it because you're not gonna put
up all three hundred eighty million I
mean I don't know your paper but like
that's a lot but there's a lot of people
could own 25% of it and fucking get you
know 15 people to put up thirty million
dollar checks each and then by timbo for
280 and sell it for 3.1 billion seven
years later that's the next step if
you're really playing what at least I
think you have the potential to play
it's nice to make 2 bucks a bottle on
some fuckin cognac but like that's a
whole different thing than buying
starter
rebooting you see what's going on with
champion champion was bullshit 24 months
ago you saw was going on Fela
you see what's going on Tommy Hilfiger
like where's fucking Nautica right now
garbage you fucking it behind it and get
fucking Atlanta behind it and it's back
and you're not gonna and what you and a
lot of your homies aren't thinking about
you just yet and I didn't think about
this back in the day either is you don't
have to put up all the money you need to
be the machine that it goes through
you'll put up 5 million a million I
don't want to count your money you could
put up some money but you can raise the
rest and get 20% for being the machine
that's the next step man honestly that's
like that's where that's where you buy
the Hawks
instead of sitting courtside I really
think you've got that potential from
afar I really do I think there's four or
five people that can and I know you can
because you are businessman first a lot
of people are now saying it cuz it's
cool but they're artists first comma
they want to be an entrepreneur cuz it's
the flavor of the decade but that she'll
be over once everybody loses their money
well always does always does that's
right exactly but you need to be
thinking that way like right like like I
think people think too much when you're
cool you think about cool products but
like there's nothing wrong with blow
pops and you can make a lot of things
cool too like
whatever but what do you want the case
with it's kind of like because I want to
buy I want to buy pony and get spud
Webb's ass to put them back on and bring
it back you know like nostalgia
nostalgia is underpriced that's my
biggest thesis so like why don't you
grow up eating what did you grow up
wearing that's not relevant now first
thing I did when I did the case was
joint was I went on Google and found
pictures of fucking dr. Dre iced tea
everybody wearing fucking k-swiss says
Mike Tyson in his prime cuz I remember
right how old are you right so you might
remember it a little bit but I don't
know 40 something yeah but that's when I
thought which means you should remember
right and that's what that's what I'm
spending all my time I'm build a fucking
big-ass fucking machine and then
whatever fuck i buy deploy that fucking
army behind it and go hard because it's
very obvious culture will accept
anything back you just got to make you
contemporary and when you blue and the
way you have leverage like I need
businessmen that are in a fashion
business in Italy and they're like when
I'm in Atlanta going me Jeezy and take a
picture like like you have something for
real the truth so that's what yeah man
and that pot you talking about a be on
my man oh you know that happened because
me and fucking can also sat there yeah
like like it's way beyond that that's
five fucking years ago
like it's like what I'm talking about is
like it's way better than it was back
then we didn't have you and I didn't
have the leverage with Kenny back then
meaning we were still in endorsement
social media entrepreneurs like you and
me we still were in endorsement mode now
we don't need now you can sell fuckin
shit direct-to-consumer like you make
that hoodie you don't need Macy's you
don't need Target you don't need Walmart
shits about to get crazy like the people
that have the leverage are the people
closest to the people
mm got it because everything in the
Middle's commoditize now you don't have
to be good and go to Bentonville and get
Walmart to put you on you don't have to
be on television and spend ten million
dollars so now that the middle has been
commoditized and you and me and all the
leverage is going to us so the snowman
is like go buy an ice cream brand and
parlay that shit right like go buy like
go buy fucking ice cream brand and buy
it from Unilever when they fucked it up
for like 49 million
make it hot and sell it back to fucking
coca-cola for 280 I make 240 quick and
that's real money my man right here
right cool-kid right did it look what
he's wearing bands like that was form up
4 years ago that brand has got no pulse
but it did 12 years ago 19 years ago
remember Opie and jams and fucking we
can sit here and go down memory lane all
those opportunities that's how I'm
thinking because not only you know
Atlanta whatever but he's hot in Detroit
I know whatever everyone has their own
cities right but where you took that
brand is unbelievable that's because
yeah that's because the one thing with
him that's different is the youngsters
fuck with him on a respect level that's
different that's why I'm gonna win it's
not how cool or big I'm gonna be 17
million Instagram followers in four
years gonna be great it'll be cool but
it's not gonna make people like I'm not
gonna be able to move America to all of
a sudden by myself give a fuck about
whatever the fuck I deploy that against
the thing you have is the tentacles as
an entrepreneur in business man
within people that are moving culture it
doesn't matter what the migos are doing
it matters who the migos look up to
that's where scale comes in in you
understand that's how hundredth of
course it's the influence it's not your
own shear you fuck it like I fuck man
you can move a product with that without
you ever posting it on social ever once
it's the people underneath you that fuck
with you that's scale for real who are
moving the needle and you've got favors
in your pocket I know I've done a lot of
homework
you got favors in your pocket so favors
are smart when you're going for a
billion like if you go and spend you
know if you go raise capital from a
bunch of wealthy people and have 280
million dollars and then go and buy Fela
and the mission is for the next 4 years
7 years real time not 12 months to get
that and sell it to Nike for 2.3 billion
because they're whack in 2029 and they
need a hot brand that's when you call in
every fucking favor that's what I do all
I'm doing right now is trying to bring
value cuz one day I'm gonna care about
something for real you understand that's
where I'm at like I'm not you understand
I got leverage with everybody I'm just
giving giving even for you like through
it like that's give give give give give
and the best part for me is and I don't
know you the key to that whole system is
not to be disappointed when people don't
come through I've got I don't know you
and I don't and I know I'm unusual with
this like I could do everything for boy
and I've done a lot for him and if I
asked him for a favor for real in two
years and he said no for some reason
that doesn't fuck with me it cripples my
dad cripples him but for me I'm like not
gonna worry about what was going through
his mind got time to analyze what was
going through his mind at this minute
where he didn't understand the score
it's like that Bronx Tale movie where
the guys like you got off easy cuz I
can't
20 bucks you know he's a piece of shit
remember that little scene like that's
how I think about it like if I go in
pretty ask him doesn't come through I
might be sad for a hundredth of a second
because be like fuck you know like I
helped that dude for real
like why the fuck you know what's that
because looking back or defense uses its
pre-bent defense in football you can win
in the whole game and now you decide
with two minutes left to change your
defense because there's two minutes left
then I score touch and it's like classic
that's life I don't care who's still
money for me like just saves me time to
go in the offense so that's what I'm
trying to collect I'm trying to collect
real partnerships and real friends for
twenty thirty you know we may be in our
40s but like I fuck with people dude who
built this real estate project for
twenty eight billion dollars he's 70
fucking seven and he's hot talk be
texting me just now is like let's do
Saturday morning breakfast Steve Ross
owns the Dolphins like he's a straight
fucking gangsters got as much as
energy's you and me wants it still
hungry fuck 77 when you're not tripping
or you're not playing on your looks
you're not playing on your swag you know
so I think we got 40 more years of like
real game time I think so we're much
smarter than we used to be you know like
that's the best part of not being that
athletes get slower entrepreneurs get
smarter one thing you can help me with
I'm looking to go hard at Atlanta next
year okay I'm gonna took my next shoe
drop I'm definitely gonna launch party
there I'm gonna go to two or three Hawk
games in the back half up in the next
year during the season sit courtside
just like Atlanta's like Atlanta is
literally the seed of culture in my
opinion it really is because that's
where hip hop's culture's epicenter is
and then hip hop is culture becomes
white kids culture it's just it's the
bedrock so I'm gonna make a real
commitment to it we're gonna be coming
through a lot
yes the fiend enrich yourself know each
other stuff I'm so I'm an intrusive
Richard southeast future okay ace with
that kid yeah he's cool Estelle so he's
a good future every day you should meet
him
you should meet him it'll be great but
you should meet he's a good kid
coming up Rio what else what can I help
you guys with what else is on your mind
cuz I know I went I've been waiting for
this meeting I want to tell you what's
on my mind I didn't even wait listen man
you can hit me every minute this is my
framework this is a advertising agency
we work with all the biggest brands
Budweiser all sorts of brands right but
it's a front I literally think of this
whole 150 million dollar company it is I
real I'm being dead serious
this entire 150 million dollar company
is like a cleaners and the Bronx in 1972
and downstairs is the casino that's what
this is everything I do here is not
about making money let me let me let me
chop it up a different way we're gonna
do a buck fifty in revenue this year I'm
making 1 million 1.7 million in profit
I'll make more money speaking six times
this year then this whole company will
make me because I'm investing into the
fucking machine so that when I buy you
know bubblicious I'm gonna be able to
turn it and make everybody fuck with it
what the machine right I think you have
a weird machine from afar you have a how
people fuck with you machine I think if
you organized you might really be able
to build something really substantial
man you're sitting in the epicenter of I
think China's coming up but like America
is still the brand in the world and I do
think this is the fuckin like
place but fuck man
I think Atlanta's culture and I think
you need to be super thoughtful about
how much leverage that actually is I
think you guys take it for granted
cuz that you know it just feels normal
you're so in it it feels normal you take
it for granted like I just think it's
fucking really matters like at a level
that fucking confuses me meaning like
just watching it go from you know la
reheat and now get like just watching it
my whole life like the leverage is so
real the thing the thing that fucks with
me the most is the difference between
twenty-one savage rust amigos like Danny
Glover like the Hollywood shit that's
happening in the fucking the suburbs
like there's so much really happening
that's what I'm good I'm good at
people's attention that's why I invested
in Facebook and Twitter and uber before
everybody else I knew it was gonna
happen
I really think you guys can build some
big-ass businesses do you know what
private equity is it's good find every
single private equity firm in Atlanta
and just start networking really
understand it cuz the new version of
private equity is what I think you need
to be thinking about private equity
people would get everybody to put up the
money they would keep 20% of the action
and they went to Harvard
and you know Yale and had finance
degrees and worked at Goldman Sachs I
think the next version of them yeah
there's just something you know music is
one of the four to five things that
humans give a fuck about right and
fashions another one and now you're on
like two of the fucking five things
people give a fuck about so one thing I
would give you a huge piece of advice
don't let any vulnerability happen in
Atlanta from your status of who you are
to the people they're 28 to 31 26 to 35
you need to make sure 15 to 25 looks at
you the same way they did I didn't bring
up Richie South for us I brought up
Richie for you
do you understand you have leverage same
reason that all the fucking uh you know
hip-hop kids coming through and meeting
with me I've leverages an entrepreneur
no fucking athlete and fucking artist
gave a fuck about me four years ago now
entrepreneurship matters now they do my
biggest piece of advice is get somebody
yourself I don't know your crew to
really have your ear to all the shit and
get to those kids super fucking early
and just give them love build fucking
real leverage like I'm on fucking face
time with gonna every day you know like
get in early because thence then given
them real love and then they're gonna be
the fucking framework of the thing that
you're gonna actually want to pull off
and you have leverage you fuckin diem
fucking young thug eighteen months ago
is lose his fucking mind less today you
know that was that's that's really
matters to me cuz that's a big leverage
point for you of course cuz that's what
you fucking did to get here
but this is the time you triple down on
that shit and what most people do at
this point is go the other way they get
fancy first we definitely have to do
what are you guys working on now like
what's on your mind
obviously I've seen some just a mute
goddess mm-hmm
fuck you got that now you need to get
every fucking like I don't know who the
fucking your is and this crew all of you
nobody like you need to fucking get
every one of those kids through it just
leverage why cuz he's the gatekeeper
house oh yeah that we need to get these
kids through and what do you think got
to be selective or you're cool with it
seriously what are you what's the pretty
much part of course you're straight
fucking legend to these kids but you
know what's crazy and people get caught
people get caught because they you can
get irrelevant real fast like you don't
want to know how many 17 year-olds in
Atlanta don't really know what it
happens you did it to somebody else you
know like like I was kind of crazy
anyway 50 cent once where he was like
trying to say something and I was like
you're not as famous as you think which
was a little bit of a mistake cuz he got
mad but you know got a little aggressive
but I was trying to help him I was like
what the fuck do you think you did I'm
like Big Daddy came wasn't cool for four
years I remember you know like it just
happens real quick that's your leverage
showing them love on the come-up
and you know what's gonna happen you
know we all know what's happening if
when it's going good for Coach K now
right like if he's gonna make a decision
to try to put somebody on for a minute
you gotta at least take the bet it could
become biggie it could become Mase but
it doesn't matter it's 50/50 what you
didn't want to waste three hours got it
it's just math you know a machine's
gonna try to make him good he may suck
he may be great but you know the energy
of the Machine is gonna be behind it
you know the crews that are winning you
know if Metro boomin is gonna go make a
fucking album with somebody and you
don't haven't heard about him you better
fucking meet him he may be great
he may not but you know he's gonna have
a 50-50 chance and it's definitely worth
three hours of you fucking with him and
teaching him as the legend somebody
needs you need to own that there should
be a single fucking artist out of
Atlanta that comes out in over next
seven years who doesn't reference you in
their second album of like thanks for
the support
because that's when you buy fucking
that's when you buy something and get
all and you cash in those chips then all
of a sudden you make seven hundred
million dollars on the flip got it all
on just what first of all they're gonna
help you that dreamed hours with
somebody that's 19 that's fucking Ron's
got a different perspective they're just
gonna give you a different perspective
too and you're gonna know exactly what
to do with it which is gonna fix your
next project yes times a thousand or 113
but more than one
but you know what I mean it's there for
you man if you don't do it somebody else
is going to take it you know well that's
you know honestly I'm giving you advice
based on feedback I've been getting from
other people like it's just fucking time
it's if you like people love to say
they're gonna get their hands dirty but
then you actually got to get your hands
dirty like it's not sometimes you're
tough you know you're doing mogul life
like sometimes get you know this ques
got like once like you know you're
taking risks your time is your fucking
biggest asset but it's where all the
leverages think about everybody who
didn't fuck with 27 months ago that's
like fuck I should have taken that right
I know so much you can accomplish yes
there's a start-up I just looked at
that's two years away from you having
your pieces that you can't even see and
literally every language somebody speaks
you just translate and back and forth
that's it I'm telling you five two years
they say five years from now that shit
is fucking cracked mm-hmm
her cracked
gonna China put in the fucking thing but
like oh cool yeah look you need to have
culture man more culture don't get fancy
listen I love you and P Diddy I love it
it's fuckin mobile life its iconic shit
that 19 year old girl in Alpharetta
doesn't give a fuck they all worship you
as long as you Kate them I gotta go
charity babe let's get this goin on your
big toe I don't have a card but we're
gonna let's get numbers kids do it and
I'ma leave a shit what you're not gonna
do is you listening to it immortal what
you got
you
