I'm trying to get cozy a is gonna
be tweeted I guarantee and a daily van
shell
I told you this was the last Monday
morning in her life
a little bit of a curveball this morning
was going from Newark to Chattanooga for
our Chattanooga holiday party but that
was cancelled so now I'm flying to
Atlanta connecting and then driving for
two hours to Chattanooga
should I give away 25 face times for
Christmas yeah I mean the amount of
people that are tweeting all I want for
Christmas is at face time with Gary B's
money
make me that facebook video do something
smart with influencers do something
smart with accounts that can amplify
media Townsend on Facebook right get me
get me a startup new thing and give me
PR and I'm gonna make the list of PR
stuff you understand
yeah I'm all over the place so listen
I've been real I'm really excited to
connect I uh I'm excited but this is my
some one of my singular biggest
investments in my career I've heard
trying for this call that you have some
level of context for me which is good
because then I think we'd be talking
kind of on the same language I genuinely
believe I believe in this space
remarkably when I started looking under
the hood of what they were building and
what their ambition was it is a hundred
thousand percent clear to me by spending
time with all the executives that I do
CMO CEOs that the value of if they could
deliver on this message on they've got
the product potential right and they've
got the thesis and and there's a real
lack of competition if they can actually
deliver on this mission in a world where
I really know that there's a there's
nobody ahead of them and I know that and
so
relationships with are absolutely going
to make it acquisition in this space
it's it's just a big play as a
quarterback yes coming out you haven't
done the quarterback shape yet you have
just haven't done it no how do I say all
right just to take my career because my
seven-year-old daughter can go on Google
and tell you which camp which trainer
which right thing you need to do on a
football level and because it's in your
 heart and your arm and your
brain and all the other stuff I have to
execute for you and there's been plenty
of guys who putting guys were supposed
to go in the first round I follow
football hard I know they're just
practice squad so this is my life you
know I just know the stories you know I
know the stories and so I think the
reason a quarterback comes with us it
look there's a number one or number two
pick in the NFL Draft next year some of
the guys that are projected are they
going to come with us I am NOT as the
egotistical as I feel right now I'm not
naive and I recognize that some of the
biggest agencies in the world are gonna
have the tactics they probably got him
locked up a rep so I'm a big boy I think
that to be very frank and and you
haven't been in a meeting with me like
this yep Quinn's I don't want to sell
them on me
I really don't I'm empathetic you've
been you've been you know even courted
since you were 13
right you your parents have been hoping
you'll never get hurt and everything's
gonna be okay and now you're finally
here you made it through and what are
you gonna think this crazy high risk on
a start-up but I took risks on startups
I bet my hundreds and hundreds of
thousands of dollars that's all I had in
my bank on Facebook it worked
and so the same reason that I was able
make tens of millions of dollars on that
I think that every kid that signs with
us is going to disproportionately get
our attention our execution and and and
then what's gonna end up happening is a
lot of these kids aren't gonna be the
ones that sign with us
because they're not smart enough to and
I know what they actually made me smart
enough to their handlers aren't there
uncle you know their dad their mom so
I'm not even worried about getting a top
five quarterback in this this trap it's
not happening it's not really happening
overall maybe one guy next year trap I
don't expect to happen but in the what
is that 1780 and 2019 Draft we will have
the number one pick overall if it's a
quarterback and we'll have them because
by then it will be clear as day that
Vayner Sports has fundamentally changed
the game in a way because we're gonna
have 38 guys hooting me like okay this
is different and I forgot I've got
I got friends with NFL stars who are
pinging me I just I'm staying away for
everything cuz I don't know the rules
you gotta wade through that black outfit
you know I'm like I'm like you know so
I'm just saying passive I'm staying in
the weeds a little bit like a Cobra I
know nobody's paying I don't think any
of the big boys are paying attention to
me
well I'm hoping they're not I'm trying
to stay a little more they said if you
might me up a little bit but but
but I'm planning on jumping out of the
 grass and and and and doing my
thing and so you know it's a foregone
conclusion I'm excited about it
but these kids are making their entire
life's decision and then you learn
 like wait a minute so you're
telling me that if you're actually in
the bowl series and you're going out and
you haven't really talked to any agents
behind the scenes are a little bit or
kind of sorta and what you've got four
weeks to make the biggest decision your
life of who you're going into business
with before they get like shotgun
weddings like like it's there's a lot of
broken and I plan on changing it
proud of you man really am
so what do you guys up to now chili I
got no I got to go to this holiday party
and then the road all right buddy you
know where we going
I'm glad you made the schlep that's the
grind I love it
no I trust your opinion that he's
actually could be a player but but I
know for a fact he might go seventh
round he might not get trapped it could
happen it depends what he I said like
but that's why we're like okay if we're
gonna do this we're doing it why don't
we listen like we used to
hey conversations grown so hollow so
poor another class I don't know
and maybe we can move to areas huh - but
I read Commission Gordon Burton I'm
Desiree I'm Lizzy SEO Justin here count
director at the Chattanooga office I'm
Jacob
my Kate Chris Larson I'm the creative
director down here at the vaynermedia
Chattanooga office
a lot of you know me or know a lot about
me and some of you may know actually not
a lot of you know this that I basically
married my wife somewhere within the
first four minutes of our first date and
called her after our date as she was
going upstairs to her apartment and
started with the opening line of can you
believe this is it
so I also some of you know this Mickey I
think you were in the room I walked into
a meeting that I think we were like or
gang some Department and told AJ oh yeah
I bought I kind of act you hired an
entire agency we now have an LA office
I also basically where I'm going with
this and I'll cut it short is I've made
a lot of big decisions in my life very
very very quickly and I did that with
this town favorite part of 2016 was just
being down in Chattanooga building
you know this is team up and just the
camaraderie that's down here winning new
business is always fun especially when
it's a small small office if anything
about my top memory of 2016 I'd say it's
kind of a collection of watching our
team members grow kick ass at work and
really kind of walk through it together
and if I had to think of anything that
I'm really excited for in 2017 it's
crushing it again growing this team
getting some more business and even do
it bigger and better
as I sat there and watched this scene
tonight was this was another one of my
very very very good intuitive quick
decisions to watch what this unit has
become to watch how this unit has
absorbed what I thought was a really fun
Vayner birthday thing that we all hung
out with the only time I've been to a
sporting event where I did not watch one
second of the event and and and the
newcomers that have joined the team
along the way since then I'm very very
proud of what's going on here and all of
you also know that I do not micromanage
I put people in charge I watch you I
watch you guys grow there's so many
people here that are pieces of this it's
not just a Mickey story it's a
collective story and I'm very very proud
of all of you and I'm very very very
thankful too I wish all of you in your
life and you feel it a little bit when
you become parents and you feel it when
you become managers and you feel it when
you've mentored somebody but you know
when you start getting to some level of
scale of having people follow your
vision and you create an infrastructure
and a company of this size it's um my
biggest fear was always the thing that I
always told you I was never scared of
because I'm really not but it's a fake
fear but I actually wouldn't call it
fear it's the thing that is always on my
mind which is at scale how far away do
we get from the soul and the heart that
Jane I set out to do with this company
there is there's nothing closer to the
heart of what this organization is than
this office right here and I thank you
very much for that I think next year's
gonna be a remarkable year you'll get
you'll hear this tomorrow for me but I
have a very very distinct vision of what
needs to be a stunning portion of the
amount of work we do here and I think
it's gonna excite all of you and I think
we'll do some great work here and Mickey
and I have been working very hard on
setting that up mentally and and with
some of the pieces and decisions moving
forward I think it's gonna be extremely
bright for this amazing office and and
I'm very very honored to be part of the
Chattanooga community and what's
happening in this amazing State and I'm
just very very happy tonight and so
thank you I have a 6 a.m. workout in New
York City so I'll be leaving shortly but
uh but I hope you guys have a wonderful
holiday take advantage of it rest
I appreciate the hustle my big thing
kidding every table one day just logging
York so we're having a need a change oh
you to me it's a face but don't win this
and like we used to
I'm travelling as it's like
conversations
maybe we're not a go crates for ability
for us obviously she can do their
measurement but it's on their terms
their measurement so I told her my skin
in the game was not running it
profitably deploying my team us like a
lot but you know my content team because
we're gonna I'm gonna micromanage it so
our skin game is that um and open to
anything they come up with that I would
approve let's go
long day
headed to uh back to New York City from
Chattanooga
and 6:00 a.m. workout land in Jersey at
midnight 12:30
it's a grinder
d-roc you're so fancy you're always
flying private d-roc boozing booze
booze rock
I'm trying to get cozy a only tweet
that I guarantee and a daily view
ha
yeah
it can
