hello hello this is Gary Vaynerchuk oh
my god I'm so happy to talk to you oh my
god hold on hold on hold on hold on hold
on hold on romance a girl a little bit
here what's your name
me
thank you this was last Monday morning a
delight
hey guys
it's me Gary actually perfect these guys
this one and this one just came in here
and said you know hey this episode is so
iconic
you should chop it up into three
episodes so this is not something I want
to do I'm blaming these two characters
right here and so we're gonna do this
three-part episode did you have the
audio the mic oh is that what it is good
all right we'll see what you think
driving in circles just so I don't have
to get out of the car absolutely free
buy this Gary guarantee thank you so
much for the love
what did the last girl hand on the radio
the last call in from Joe was I was
driving and Gary was making me super
uncomfortable because he was saying stop
complaining but I love complaining and I
lived my life complaining and it just
hit me and what's amazing was just
amazing she was like he's right and crap
it's easy to complain complaining is the
easy way out
negativity is the easy way out that's
why people don't realize what I'm doing
is so hard cuz I do it so effortlessly
because it comes naturally to me it's
not cuz I'm so cool
cuz I got lucky from a hardwiring
standpoint and then I was self-aware
about the luck and then I put in the
work to make myself the best version of
it and that what 100% you're lucky if
you're gorgeous
but if you break up break if you eat
like crap and don't take care of
yourself and do drugs and drink alcohol
you'll not look gorgeous
you're lucky if you're six foot eleven
and can sprint like like you know a
gazelle but if you don't work on your
craft and you work on your outside
jumper if you don't work on your
intensity and your endurance you won't
be an NBA player so yes I got lucky that
I can win the game of life and
entrepreneurship but I put in the work
for the last 25 years minimum ly and
maybe even longer to be the best version
of myself at this thing
sissie I get it
I mean it's so fun for you to like
because it's actually something you
listen to right
well I mean there's a point there I was
like listen to the garyvee show I'm
sorry how before you head out this yeah
everybody knows everybody knows you got
it that was that's exactly of course
well that's the whole
every time I say cuz it's a brand right
and so and so yes I think about brand in
a world where I think most digital
marketers think about sales well I came
up with something very smart a year ago
we started something called dailyvee
which is my daily vlog on on youtube
when you heard me earlier yelling d-roc
that's my that's my whole film world
David Rock D rock is actually
sitting we are an inner port right now
I'm looking at him he's filming me right
now so I'm documenting I'm not creating
and then from that content if I say
something clever in this in this
interview it may make the dailyvee and
then my team will email me and say hey
you said this quote do you want to make
that a quote card a quote image on
Instagram I'll say yes then they'll send
me a bunch of pictures and I'll approve
50 at a time and now all of a sudden I
have three Instagram posts every day
because it's my image over a quote here
right and then they'll listen to this
whole episode and maybe it becomes a
blog post and my writers will ask me a
couple more questions and I'll take all
my words and create an article and we'll
take one clip of this for 31 seconds and
it'll become a mini video for Facebook
and YouTube so what I've done is I'm
spending all of my time and none of my
time on my brand so so yep so when I was
a young kid I made a lot of money
selling baseball cards and comic books
and toys and then I started working for
my dad's business and I was making you
know it when I was 22 to 28 I was making
thirty five to fifty five thousand
dollars a year but I had no expenses I
didn't go on vacations
I didn't buy fancy things so I saved my
money I saved my money I saved my money
and then when the tow you know I had
hundreds of thousands of dollars I
didn't have millions I had hundreds of
thousands of dollars because I didn't
spend anything and and then I started
making $100,000 a year in a hundred
fifty thousand a year and by the time I
was thirty-three thirty-four when I had
that opportunity I still not bought a
home I was still in an apartment I was
33 years old and I was renting and
because I was saving cash to go on the
offense
and I knew something would happen one
day and hid and so when I had a chance
to invest in those companies I put
hundreds of thousands of dollars not
millions but those hundreds made
millions made tens of millions and so
that's it nothing crazy nothing I didn't
have any crazy crazy advantage there's a
lot of people that make fifty five
thousand dollars a year when they're 23
the problem is they go to Coachella and
they want to buy a watch and they want
to buy a BMW and I didn't so I ate
for 13 years and then I had a moment and
I struck and that moat that moment
changed my financial outcome a little
bit of a curveball this morning was
going from Newark to Chattanooga for our
Chattanooga holiday party but that was
cancelled so now I'm flying to Atlanta
connecting and then driving for two
hours to Chattanooga sucks
just because I'm missing out on three or
four meetings that I had to have in
Chattanooga it's super inefficient but
her balls happened that's how we do it
so that's what's going on oh good
have a good conversation my sister today
that's good good stuff super proud of my
brother last night my brother AJ was
honored as a man of the year at the
Crohn's and Colitis foundation I'm so
I'm very proud of him and I love him
very much and I'm proud that he's come
out and talked about his his disease and
bringing awareness to it and hopefully
find a cure for a very tough disease I'm
sick some of you guys know that was the
main reason he left I mean that's the
reason he left vaynermedia and so it's
an emotional family day it's great I
love him very much and now it's off to
Atlanta I am the New York Airport just
about to board a flight originally to
Chattanooga canceled now I have to go to
Atlanta and then drive for two hours so
that's that so that's what's going on so
would love to answer some of your
questions we'd love to bring you some
value I don't want to call people more
into this library now you want to do the
call shop yeah okay I'll call one person
what up Italy hello this is Gary
Vaynerchuk hold on hold on hold on hold
on hold on hold on romance a girl a
little bit here what's your name Josh
Josh how are you understand Instagram
Instagram and snapchat and Twitter these
places they the best ad product in the
world is Facebook and so and so and then
Google AdWords and so and so for a
conversion based thing but Facebook can
convert and build brand but Instagram
content is fire and if you know how to
use hashtags oh actually you know what I
have a concept I'm actually gonna go off
of Instagram live right now and go on
the new Facebook lock Twitter live watch
this
I'm gonna give the most tangible great
piece of advice is for you brother and
for everybody's watching I'm gonna hang
up now on Instagram I'm going over to
fake Twitter I'm doing a Twitter live
and I'm gonna go look at the trending
topics on Twitter and I'm gonna pick one
that's trending and I'm gonna go live
which will then make that tweet show up
first and I'm gonna build awareness to
audiences that don't know who I am all
right I'll see you guys on Twitter go to
Twitter it's Gary Vee there if you don't
follow me there if you don't have a
Twitter sign up for it
don't be a dick this is literally how my
brain works just if you really like
again I keep saying it over and over the
reason the led is gonna end up being the
biggest piece of content as scary me is
better I get in front of people that are
students and that's what you are but if
you really really are wired in the way
where you understand daily be being
better it means you look at you you're
more like me it doesn't there's no one
but how many people are more successful
than me being students if you're student
you like askgaryvee because it's this
boop boop
but if you really understand and watch
what I do and how I do it and observe me
and watch me in my environment and
that's why we edit so lightly you know
you're just trying to put together
something proper but we don't edit
because we need you to see like I'm in
the middle of something I
think of something I don't put it off I
don't ponder it for another day the end
there we go hit Search
there's these thoughts as it confuses me
when Thursday thoughts both are
interesting to me I'm gonna go Thursday
thoughts I'm gonna hit that now it's got
it in there I'm gonna hit here I'm gonna
go live it's telling me now you can go
live okay got it
go soon Twitter live Q now what we may
learn here is that by doing this I'm
getting more awareness for people that
have never heard of me before see if
that works
because again on Instagram that's my
community and there's no shareability in
there so there's no discovery mechanism
whereas right now here we go people are
showing up very nice nice and fast 444
74 89 5:16 they're seeing us 96 on i-64
hey guys hey guys hey guys and we're
back and we're back and we're back and
we're going and we're back and we're
here and we're here damn burn house from
Instagram everybody who's from Instagram
saved from incident Oh Tyler calm calm
no-no-no
it's gonna kill that - trying to put on
like do not disturb and instead I put up
oh my life that would work right but
that work you think if I do not disturb
the calls won't come through no no no
the call we call them that's what
happened I didn't have that on that's up
all right all right from Twitter live
but I by the way everybody eat me let's
go on a retweet storm this retweeting is
first of all how else so this is the
thing that I'm interested in which is if
I don't ask you for money or for your
courses or all that but instead
what I'm really asking for is your
attention which I'm so humbled by and
then for your word of mouth which then
brings more people in so that they don't
go and waste money on internet
marketing horseshit
 then that we can really do
something massive and I'm fascinated by
that look look at all these retweets
it's interesting some of them eat weed
and some are shared I think that's where
the periscope difference is look at this
look at this retweet retweet retweet
retweet like these guys are the best
alright let me catch up in my world a
little bit I love you guys
I'll be back on shortly my flights
delayed it's been a long day already see
ya
I've got a new idea which I like Cody
garden brought it up 31 he just tweeted
I need a signed book I'll send you my
sign Joe Namath Jersey if you give me
your sign book done they've completed
I'm now trading my sign books or signed
other things things I like our Randy the
Macho Man Savage and wrestling in
general
Knicks and jets and anything really
weird and rare and cool
