I feel like those guys are like sloth
from Goonies they're like they're like
they're just like they're like shit like
chained to this like weird part Jake
Tom do not come out of here
thank you this was last Monday morning
in your life
can't believe it's that time of year
already
not for me I'm usually three weeks early
and then seven I'll probably say Happy
Holidays to you February 29th so be
prepared yeah it's really it's a you
know it's actually I work everyday but I
actually starting Saturday actually do
take two weeks with my family so I'm
very excited have you been good good
sure makes sense
great well why don't we get going what
can I help you with you know I think
that I'm just I know that the odds of
being a human being are four hundred
trillion to one and so it's it's not
very difficult to get up and in the
morning when that's top of mind I I will
always know where emerging attention is
and I will never ever fear being a
pioneer in setting up shop I think I'm
at some level I actually think I'm in
the real estate business and that's how
I built wine library that's how I built
my brand and that's how I built
vaynermedia and that's how I sell books
and that's how everything I do is going
to happen yeah I'm not scared to lose it
because I think I can gain it and I do
think I think this interviews a lot of
fun I think the interview in 11 years
after losing it all and then bringing it
all back would be really fascinating I
think I I do think battle scars are
attractive I do think adversity is you
know listen I like to tell a good story
I think stories sell and so you know
what's greater than the climb from
little losing it all and then climbing
back up I mean that is the apex of a
story
I never say quit your job unless it's
practical right meaning if you can
afford to if you if you are in a place
where and when you could when I say can
you afford I don't mean how much money
you make I mean you know like if you're
20 and you're willing to work and live
in a basement with three of your buddies
and eat $2 worth of food a day then in
theory you can if you choose to say that
that's what makes you happiest right so
so I would say I would say look here's
what
we'll say I am absolutely affected
heavily by the 400 trillion to one thing
it's real to me III you know I I think
that people make you know I don't know
to be very honest with you I don't know
in how people if they were practical not
emotional not you know not not
delusional if they were practical and
understood the four hundred trillion to
one how they can't be on the offense how
they can't how they can't have they
can't debate oh my god I won the
ultimate lottery why don't I why don't I
maximize my happiness while I have my
time on earth my seventeen goal is to
tighten everything up to be better at
everything that's going I had a very
good year and the businesses are going
well my brand is my brand and my content
is going very well my family's going
well my health is going well so I really
want to have a like cut twenty percent
of the baby fat in all of those
directions and become more efficient
more successful in all those things yeah
what up Facebook good morning it's me
Gary I don't do a lot of facebook video
direct actually ever anyway
good morning I Heart Radio z100 Elvis
Duran doll you New York and New Jersey
peeps specially my age know exactly what
I'm talking about tune in right now I
should be on pretty shortly not exactly
sure all the times right now just
what do you guys hey good morning hey um
what time I'm just I gotta tell them
more time I'm going on Oh any good 8:11
in the morning come check me now yeah
how are you Gary my friend I'm promoting
like crazy I'm Drive we gotta I got all
sorts of people kissing oh yeah you do
oh good I didn't know I like bone when
we leave tell me with a loner baby okay
I'm gonna do car we can do a good amount
of Colin oh that's why that's what I
want to do it's good to see whatever you
wanna do we don't have any we really had
no plans on the show we just heard your
show see whatever no wonder you've been
successful for so long there's no plan
well that's you know that's real right
well we used you know there's my entire
thesis got used to me that's the way I
used to do tests in high school remember
scantrons
yeah no plan B C a b c AI b dilatory
minute work so answer is Saturday I'm
Leah I'm actually leaving in two days to
Florida dropping off our kids and we're
going to Antigua for five days Lizzie
and I off-the-grid phone and safe the
whole nine 100% it happens it happens
every year that week and then then we
come home Christmas Eve and we we spend
the next seven or eight days in Naples
Florida with my loss it'll be great
Samantha's like you got a lot I was like
that's a new move
be kidding Gary yeah it's so fantastic
Gary you had this idea your your parents
had a wine school you took it from a
successful wine yes to a massive online
wine monster that's right because you
figured out and something we could all
figure out one little idea can actually
be a massive idea if you actually do a
little work and make it half or a lot of
work make it happen you just beat me to
the punch line what I'm scared about is
everybody's driving right now
everybody's in the office right now
everybody's sitting at home right now
and I was listening as you were prepping
me to come in here and I'm like okay I
see how Elvis is setting this up but I
hope that everybody understands that the
next thing I'm going to say is you have
to work until your eyes are bleeding hmm
I mean that like look great you have an
idea and yes if you call in now I can
give you four to seven bullet points
that you can dig into that will probably
put you in a better position to succeed
but I want to make this analogy you call
in and say I want to lose weight I will
give you exactly what you have to do
here's the problem you have to work out
every day here's a good thing because I
always think of this show because I used
to listen to it as a kid growing up in
Jersey driving I kind of really want
people to pull over right now I rely if
you give if you get letters or calls
that people got into accidents that's on
you guys I'm waiting all my life Ella T
I want you to pull over I want you to
look at that mirror rear view mirror
right that's let's go thank you how
about you look at it you need to
understand if you look at it it's your
fault what it's not everything in life
is on you right it's not your dad's
fault who was a drinker it's not your
boyfriend that you know cheated on you
it's not your girlfriend who's always
putting you down it is your fundamental
fault
the second you make that decision then
you can go on the offense do you know
the Michael do you know the odds of
becoming a human being are 400 trillion
to one everybody who's listening if you
want to get real motivated you want to
become real grateful if you start
realizing that you're more likely to win
the Mega Millions seven times in your
life then even having a life all of a
sudden you don't waste three four years
pondering Michael you're scared of
something you need to figure that out go
make a video right now post it and see
what happens
and if the world doesn't want that
electronic product come up with
something else
thing for me like I've already made my
thing I'm gonna buy the New York Jets
and it'll be a movie and it's gonna be
great at this at this point Joe this
this phone call means the world to me
you have to understand why this matters
if you actually believe what you just
said if this is not a fleeting moment of
the energy of the show and you're able
to maintain that feeling you cannot
imagine how much better your life is
going to be Wow
let's so everyone listening must apply
it constantly not only today but for the
rest of your life stop complaining and
take control of the things you actually
have control if you have more control
than you think you do it's frightening
sometimes hear it it's true
Elvis Joe I have to say this it's the
Internet it gave us options and that's
what eliminated the complaints it's the
options of the internet that are
practical that gave us this shot we have
to milk this opportunity because we're
all pioneers in the early Internet it's
going to be harder 20 40 and 60 years
from now right now it's practical this
is our shot we love you Joe thanks for
listening Gary Vee you're fabulous
I love you oh you're the best excellent
that was so awesome you know it's like
she might literally slick her life may
be better like that's real she like
she's like wait a minute thanks for your
talk you take care happy holidays thank
you thank you to see you again thank you
so much thank you thank you I'm a
wonderful motivation a girl that I like
then she liked me in June junior high
school yeah she sent me a message saying
I I actually do know that you work all
the time
oh wait where's my coat and you got it
thank you
how funny is that is this how it ends
yeah so this is gonna have on Alistair
I'm calm and we're doing like I got it
okay yes your answers yes I don't know
but we're about to find out okay should
people make new year's resolutions
people should make new resolutions if
they're actually watching this video on
January 1st if they're watching it on
December 23rd
they should make December 23rd
resolutions waiting miraculously to win
the calendar flips to start making your
life better is silly at best and pisses
me off at worst and so whenever you're
watching this because it lives on the
internet and thus that means you could
watch this on June 17th 2017 make a
resolution every day of your life
because you only get one app bad hope
you guys have a great holiday yeah
really real pleasure
thanks man yeah take care I like the
snake I feel like those guys are like
sloth from Goonies they're like they're
like they're just like they're like shit
like chained to this like weird part
Jake
Tom do not come out of here Hey
see ya Thank You yo am i go in the
airport now like just early and just
like I'll make content there like might
as well alright hey guys it's me Gary
actually perfect these guys this one and
this one just came in here and said you
know hey this episode is so iconic
you should chop it up into three
episodes so this is not something I want
to do I'm blaming these two characters
right here and so we're going to do this
three-part episode did you have the
audio the mic oh is that what it is
good all right we'll see what you think
anxious
