you go buy a five to seven hundred
dollar pair of sneakers so I can give
them away right away
I told you this was last Monday morning
a delight
hair and makeup time from the leaves
Wendy we can do it right always right
always right here we go first Instagram
live hello Instagram live what's up guys
let's see what's going on here we go
here they come
super excited about it the Instagram
live
d-roc catching the moment and there it
is
rose ohhara you're the first person ever
to comment big love I'm gonna see if I
can click you nope
pin oh yeah I can't that's cool you pin
I'm gonna pin that was are there yar was
a Hara Rosa Hara the first one ever
hey what's going on got a feel how do
you feel about being live great man is
cool dude first time alright
do I need to work like am I supposed to
be working Sean you're watching this is
very meta super meta data oh it's got a
nice little delay yeah you'll be showing
up soon Sean let's see this walking over
somebody saw it like 15 or 20 second
delay
yep Sean you're coming here you guys yep
think about the show up bo-buddies they
want us to look at this cameras
interface is i think we're about to
break instagram line with this mess are
we ready to film all right filming plan
of the apps which is amazing enjoying it
appreciate all you guys love 60 second
club he'd shout out to you guys thank
you so much for all of you that I shared
the one was it one like video right
loved it I appreciate that it's a lot of
fun I'll be back on soon on Instagram
live today's the big day for that can't
wait to meet you to cam brunch back
great to see you
hey Luis Miguel everybody wants 15
minutes and I'm giving them away on the
60-second Club so make sure you're a
part of it this is cool I agree I agree
LOL what i love it see you guys love you
gotta go film so something that is been
on my mind and i wanted to make a quick
video about is i've been reading so many
of the comments on social networks about
these teenagers these kids they don't
get it they're always on their phone
you know i'm blown away by the
establishment by parents by the market
by the elders and even by some of the
kids within the age demo of the gross
underestimation of this 11 to 16 year
old this 10 to 19 year old demo what
will do you think they're gonna be
living in in 2025 and so all these
critiques you have about what they're
doing and they're not socially this and
they're not good enough and they don't
work hard enough i don't know what
you're paying attention to watching
these kids grind and hustle and create
content and ideas and businesses in
these social networks why don't you shut
the fuck up and go to instagram for
three hours and stop judging and pay
attention to the explosion of this
creative hustler class that is the
teenagers and the dominant leaders of
our future
probably not I'm here only tomorrow and
I fly back from York Wednesday but she
this seen you right after it at CES or
talking during that time when I'm done
relaxing for a few minutes like thrilled
to catch up before the end the year on a
call so there's no reason there like any
create any break let go do your thing
there's no reason I know you would no
reason go do your thing
love you see ya all right uh-huh
hundred percent I figured okay cool
alright hey guys it's Gary Vaynerchuk
but you know that because I'm targeting
you pretty aggressively right now with
this video on Facebook I have a new book
coming out next year called crushed it
it is going to feature people that read
the book crush it and accomplished
things built businesses because of it
made their lives better you got it
sunny what's up man it's Gary Vee wake
the fuck up it's time to get up
one life baby you are literally so
goddamn lucky it is literally insane to
be a human four hundred trillion to one
and you're trying to take a snooze
button get the fuck out of here
get up and crush it I got motivated by
that guy's only be in Dublin tech summit
February 15th to 16th and to be very
honest it's gonna be the only time I'm
probably gonna be in Ireland this year
so come out here the Thunder I'm gonna
be tied up too but what people
definitely talk before the end again man
fuck you
find me to Seattle said I can't wait to
see who wins it was you you won
I'm you in Seattle baby Congrats put a
ton of champagne emojis champagne help
some pond alone chimpanzee alright I
just did the big giveaway and we gave
away the winner as I was promoting
yesterday at sixty second Club which has
been a lot of fun geez 1500 lots are
1800 people live in like one second two
thousand thirty one hundred time being
like five and Matt hold on are you are
you willing to tell these 3,500 people
that we have to meet right now and you
want to kill my livestream it people buy
a 5 to 700 dollar pair of sneakers so I
can give them away right away like today
weird anymore night I feel like you can
do that right now right guys let's clap
it up for Phil say thanks Phil all right
yeah so I want to give away really I
want to give away a pencil pair of
sneakers I want to get away some Easy's
so that's that's what I'm gonna give
away later tonight or tomorrow so what
do you you're finding right now you're
trying to find find me in Seattle to see
what he wanted
finally in Seattle if you're watching
right now let us know
can I get it give me an $800 $800 give
me some ranges we don't gift certificate
up in this bitch
how much oh by the way real quick he had
your coffee once what is this the coffee
I'm drinking this right now I use coffee
as a comfort food I put me under
drinking what do you what do you guys
actually think I drink in a day good 750
get me a 750 I think I drink 2 cups of
coffee and I think 3 3 what do you think
it depends on that look not a lot yeah
I'm giving out shoes tell them giving
out shoes
say something motivational for a college
kid then part that there's so many
things that are running through my mind
patience opportunity before 100 trillion
to one of actually being a human being
like all the good stuff that's going on
it's just incredible it's just
incredible it's just incredible how good
we have it look what's going on right
now we're just hanging out on the
livestream engaging your fucking
Keyshawn Johnson or Macho Man Randy
Savage did this for me back in the day I
would have lost my fucking mind you know
your dynamic fans you new books coming
out G no probably January of 18 there
ending it all next year you inspire me
back Dana loved the engagement Twitter
lately yeah I'm really Ryan this whole
60-second Club you know it's just it's
driving me deep into the community like
deep the only dailyvees you know D rock
is here alright let's do a quick little
something with the 3,700 I need
old-school Phil you're too young for
this age sex location ASL no you guys
did that to you youngsters all right
let's do it let's go I can comment a yes
let's do it
ASL bangs where you from
who are you what uh engagement you can't
find him right so that means he's gonna
get his own he's gonna do customer see
if he's replied there you know what I
mean if you didn't put in there then
we're gonna customize it he won the big
giveaway so we'll see what he wants time
trinidad baby i love it germany in the
house
Brazil dunk you're not 12 male in New
York City
dunk does that that's a piece of life we
can't rewind this right there's no more
whining no saving that's why I rock is
saving it right now all right it's five
ten more minutes so let's do a custom
askgaryvee I really call people I think
that's how I want the askgaryvee show
I decided to change the askgaryvee show
into a call-in show that happens where
numbers get put up I'm gonna do a post
actually commute up Tyler right now can
you get up no no can you get up Tyler
other Tyler yeah and tell them I need a
call-to-action post of askgaryvee show
is live now post your phone number and
that's what i'll do you know now taking
calls for the asking however he wants a
word it fuck with that
can you speak out of college I can't
Scooter Braun giving me a you're very
sexy scooter it's good listen since you
are the manager easy and Bieber Coriana
eyes back
I think scooter can you please answer in
the comments here are you willing to
sign me scooter are you willing to sign
me dice
there's 3600 of you the most famous
music manager in the world is in here
giving me love but I wanted to sign me
let's go scooter let's sign it up put
your money where your mouth is what's
your you found him
what do you want alright he won all
right so from so from there's my yes so
March 18th guys give a 101 I'm speaking
publicly it is always on my website Gary
they took the compos scooter answered
let me said no I mean anything I can't
sing for shit I wish I could sing
scooters the guys scooters the best if
you know first of all he's hustler he's
a golden hearted assassin that's like
the honey Empire he he does his shit he
loves his family he's a good man a lot
of people talk it he does
I do like the pretty j.cole you don't
like it I love it too
I listened to it over the weekend Mads
what he got to say to the community no
no don't PR talked about your life
what'd you do this weekend
no stop hearing
I mean Saturday and Sunday okay okay
good
fuck the Pats otherwise I'll see you
guys later
keep doing stuff love you see it love
you see up let me see yeah it's gonna be
fun to look out one day there's gonna be
a fun photo in like 10 15 years like you
know
I was sneaking on this one right I tried
to sneak out him I would look for you
and I was like shit there was a reason I
was coming on here fuck I forgot what
the fuck that I want to talk about oh
let's let's show them this is a proof so
this is right so is the so the
askgaryvee show
no no I don't want to go live not going
live now take that middle out what I
want to do is post people post their
number on Instagram and then I go to
this and we film the show I don't want
to do it live I want to do it as a
call-in show recorded like what we did
an episode 106 it's gonna be that's
gonna be show and like so I would call
something somebody give me their number
right now this thing I call E
oh hey Jessica its Gary Vaynerchuk hey
Gary how are you I'm well how are you
good good this is cool that it works it
did work so you're on the askgaryvee
show like what's your question so I have
a question about Sully's okay mindful
living in those okay and it's just it's
difficult to take the week to get people
to buy a pretty good job of building
relationships with my customers over
social media
mm-hmm and I am and I am selling this I
just wanted that it was sort of people
are you in a weird spot you chopped on
me a little bit I couldn't fully hear
that are you okay can you hear me okay
now yeah it's better what was the last
part I'm selling a little bit but
but I just like to see what I can do to
really amp up the motivation to buy the
product from you mean converting the
social audience at a higher level yeah
so do you have a sense if you're
converting at a good level to begin with
like do you know how you're doing
compared to people with similar sized
audiences that are trying to sell them
something so then that's pretty high so
the other question and this is gonna be
the hardest question I'm gonna ask you
but I need you to answer the truth so
you're not gonna get to the place you
want to be which is are you building an
audience on social because you then want
to sell to them or like basically the
key right and the reason I've done so
well is I think people have not
interpreted Jab Jab Jab right hook what
well enough Jab Jab Jab right hook means
give give give and then ask versus give
give give and then expect to get and I
think what you see where I'm going and I
don't think there's anything wrong with
you building an audience with the
expectation of them buying something I
just think that when you're giving away
free content or all the other stuff
you're doing before you do a post where
you're accessing them to buy if the
energy and the soul and the seed and the
intent of that free content is really
quite in a place where it's just there
as a proxy because what you really want
to do is sell them something you will
not be as successful the reason
everybody that follows me buys my books
or not everybody the reason I do well in
selling my books once every two years is
because outside of sharing my content I
don't ask for anything in return
I you know even with Wine Library TV I
never cared if anybody bought the wine I
don't care if anybody buys my book right
my my I have a business called
vaynermedia right that you know is
running and making my money speaking you
know investing my money is not
predicated on just monetizing my social
network and everybody feels that right
so so when I go on
reason I have the community I have the
reason when I do 60-second Club and
things of that nature the reason I'm
over indexing is because I'm not
expecting anything in return I don't
care at all if Tiger Juan NYC ever buys
anything for me I don't care if Sasha
Sabari ever buys anything for me right
I'm not creating content for the purpose
of making Ryan a and C or can it come
man or or Wayne a barber like I don't
want any of these people I don't feel
like I'm doing it where I think I'm the
reverse of the market I think people are
putting out content but what they're
really waiting for is this sale and so
then their jabs or their other content
has less on forget it and where they put
all their real in energy and heart is
against the sale I'm the reverse I put
so much fun bringing value to the
community around the subject matter and
then sure what I want to sell something
I'm in book promotion we're all fine
sure do I want everybody who's watching
me on on Instagram live right now the
2100 people to screen shoot it and post
it and tell their community family so I
can pick up one more person so that I
can help them of course but I don't
expect it and I think when you make that
religious emotional and mental shift
you'd be stunned by how much higher you
convert because what will happen by
proxy is you'll start giving more when
you're actually giving which will then
allow you to convert more when you're
actually asking right I see what you're
saying and so I think that if you see
where I'm going if you're actually
actually trying to help so I'm trying to
get people to understand my world of
business and hustle but I don't need
them to buy my book and bite or anything
else I don't need anything from them and
then they trust me more and then they
have a bigger impact and so what happens
is do you know how frustrating it is
that I give away all my free stuff and
then they go buy somebody's bullshit
course for like 700 bucks because we're
missing the point right you know they're
looking for another way to not do all
I'm about is doing so what I would tell
you is do me a favor try to go the next
month putting out content doing live
putting out white papers putting out
content you age doing
giving giving giving giving don't ask
for anything and then ask and feel proud
about that and see what happens okay
thank you Gary you're welcome
have a great day and thanks court
calling you askgaryvee show
alright that's that's what I want to do
well film that and I'll be the show to
call it radio show right instead of a
live stream all right what do you guys
think about that
give me the feedback give me some
feedback are you guys looking for me
it's probably out looking for me yeah
I'm gonna do a whole new thing so I'm
gonna say I'm gonna go with like kind of
would be really cool for dailyvee right
like to see my thought process it's
gonna be like hey guys I just posted on
Instagram to get your phone number this
is live askgaryvee right so and then
i'll explain it and then we'll go into
it everybody I just posted an Instagram
post for your phone number this is the
first call and asked Gary B
you
