I think we have a title yes - didn't it
I wore a suit
it's about to be
whatever I can do this was the last
Monday morning to like
8:30 in the morning
good workout this morning got a little
extra sleep which was nice
headed to New York Stock Exchange doing
a network a show a platform called
chatter by John Steinberg former number
two at BuzzFeed kind of an OTT mobile
first CNBC for the Millennials so I'm
excited about that should be good that
I'm going to a resi board meeting resi
being our restaurant app that is kind of
like an open table competitor so
extremely well lot going on there so big
new partnership with Airbnb so going to
have a big meeting there with Ben
Leventhal by the CEO and Mike Montero
the CTO and Matt Hagen from RSE ventures
my partner in vayner/rse great dude you
saw him in the Portuguese but the
Portugal episode and then just some more
grinding a couple more board meetings a
curriculum meeting I'm doing a bunch of
a bunch of live streaming today also
announcing the 62nd club just should be
a good day a little gloomy and then
Monday Night Football my New York Jets
versus your Indianapolis Colts start
doing more live just in general just
like more live d-roc more live so that's
what we're doing we got a little Mike
thing here like pretty cool huh so what
if you're like not too far away we'll
work in so it'll be interesting you know
obviously daily be is is edited so when
I'm doing stuff that can't be heard so
I'm not sure what its gonna look like to
really go live and have somebody follow
around there would be a lot of weird
like don't get out of here
like no it's gonna be awkward but our
ambition is to do quite a bit of live
today see how it works
see what it feels like to help what you
guys think of it and so that's what
we're doing I have to work so I think
dunk you know we'll just try our best
vice for a young man to understand that
he's a young man and he has a shitload
of time and his behavior should be
predicated on the fact that he lives for
80 more years not eight more weeks and
so when I talk about patience one of the
things that I don't go into depth on is
the fact that it's practical it makes
sense like if you're 22 and you want it
now now now you're doing behavior that's
going to hurt you often in the long term
like it's just a pull and a tug like
it's very rare for behavior to have both
short and long-term benefits and there
are those things and and they happen but
when you belong term mindset you're
actually being very practical and and
that's what I want young men and women
to understand is that and even thirty
and forty and fifty you know I've been
noticing a lot of 30 40 50 year olds
saying what about me what about you you
have 30 40 more years if you're 60 like
you know of course you have to assume
that you can get hit by a bus tomorrow
but the truth is if you really thought
that you would be so rogue you would do
such rogue shit you know if somebody
told me I'd die in two days what I would
go off the deep end I would do the
craziest shit of all time
I definitely run naked on the football
field today at the Jets game that's
where damn sure that's a hundred percent
exactly exactly and so then he said and
then he said then he said you're the
number one for him on my list right now
so I'm going to narrow it down and I
make a quick decision I think I think we
got a promising
I get five six or seven five six or
seven yeah I get more than people think
like I I tried sleeps important guys
it's not how much sleep you get it's
what you do when you're awake that's the
fucking shit you rock do the little
quote things like if I could still shoot
that right we need to do more of that in
daily living
Tyler more of that in dailyvee good
quotes turn them into shit right okay
are you guys able to come and see me in
Chattanooga in ten or eleven days when
I'm going to be there for the holiday
party can I get you and Tyler connected
and maybe we can do like a we're not
going to accomplish much here on the
phone cuz I'm not good in phone like
structure but I'd love to get together
for a coffee or a drink and really have
a conversation truth is I have a lot of
thoughts I mean it's even been with
Vayner sports going so well I'm like
fuck am i five years away from a veiner
you know especially Vayner I'll be very
frank with you I think Vayner talent is
gonna really really really work and and
so yeah I mean it's probably a very good
time to have a real conversation yeah I
want to end I wanted it this is Mike
okay hey guys a good thing to do is that
hit me up on Twitter on things that you
got out of this strangest now here's a
good one hit me up on Twitter Gary Vee
and give me your 140 characters on what
else you want from this livestream we're
gonna really try to try to bring more
value I just had a great Vayner Sports
Talk trying to close an incredible kid I
want a bad resi no just had a great call
with a Nashville music organization some
good stuff going there trying to keep
you guys up the game see you back in 2
o'clock on livestream on Facebook love
you see how happy us nice dude
rights are so important so important if
we don't get this kid I'm closing the
firm it's good to see you man how you
been good to see you bro Christo it's
glad I was on the New York's a good
cheddar for Johnny tonight and so
finally got you on fire he won is this
Higgins office okay I'll do it there
I'll see you a little bit hey Simon it's
Gary let's take a step let's take a step
back because the good news is with all
intent I want to continue this
relationship so I feel good about that
so let me just hear this right we right
you know it's in you know what's
interesting by the way Hollis is that
the book that I think I'm setting up to
write the most after crushed it is
perfectly parented which is like a
business book really about parenting but
instead of super constructive
conversation with my lawyers and and my
publisher HarperCollins and we should be
on our way
crushed it how these seven actually is a
good opportunity let's actually start
this right now do we have an email that
we want to send it let's set up an email
crushed it at vaynermedia calm can you
hit a Andy or Tyler right now crushing
it at vaynermedia calm if you have a
legitimate story of how the book crush
it impacted your financial career how
you build your brand or your business
because of it and the financial impacts
around it the book that I'm coming out
with is going to be called crushed it
how these 4957 133 depending on how many
of you know this how many of you tell us
your stories and we they're legit and
you made legit money and you did the
right way the way I care about it how
these hundred thirty no $17 a books on
how to make Instagram hacks work how the
you know
crushed it how these 137 people crushed
it and how you can too and so then I'm
going to basically rewrite crush it in a
20-17 way and really talk to people
about how to build a brand and how to
build a business on Facebook Twitter
YouTube Instagram snapchat
a Pinterest LinkedIn and then talk about
emerging things like house party and
Marco Polo take some risk so they'll be
in the back because they may not be
around long term but really talk about
what what's changed the last nine years
since crush' came out or eight years and
a lot but really if you look back at
that book the reason it's been timeless
is it's I was right and it's still right
obviously there's some nuances and
different platforms that people can use
some of the apps I talked about in that
book aren't around or pivoted but the
thesis is very true which is this is the
greatest era ever to be an entrepreneur
because the Internet is the middleman
and the cost of entry is zero and you
can really build real businesses and me
you know a little dunk from Sweden real
player of basketball dunks I mean come
on life it's good if you're willing to
hustle we're just we're just fucking
going for it today we're just all in yo
what up periscope Thank You Derek
I am suited up today look in the park in
the park I'm getting chase I'm gonna
change but you know I'm thinking about
maybe going suit now for like a year
yeah I think I should just go suit for a
month yeah we just January suma and then
give all the suits away to the to the
60-second Club guys you know about
actually let's see let's see how well
we've been promoting for last twelve
hours about this new exciting thing for
the six hundred seventy of you how many
go yes no in the comments right now how
many you know about the 60sec Club and
how many don't you say yes or no go yes
yes no no yes yes no no no no no no no
no no no good for a lot of you other
knows a good amount of knows I'm excited
brought it up go to my Instagram go
watch my story go look at my post two or
three posts ago one or two posts ago you
should definitely turn notifications on
you 100% want to turn notifications on
on my Instagram account I'm starting
something in 2017 I'm setting it up now
all of 2017
I'm going to be doing random giveaways
to my community tickets to concerts 20
minute phone calls with me sign books
early access to stuff free tickets to my
conferences I just want to award the
people that give me their attention and
care enough about me and so I want to
just I also like games and competitions
so the 60sec Club on Instagram is people
that comment and like in the first
minute of an Instagram post so that's
why you got to turn on notifications so
you see it comes in and most posts I'm
going to award one to ten to three you
know very random I'm a random character
I'm probably gonna put dunk in charge of
it own way I'm really fully talked about
it's a lot of it's gonna be work two or
three posts a day given away logistics
getting people's email we're probably I
think I'm actually know what I'm gonna
get an intern getting it a full-time
intern for all 2017 to be the logistics
person of the note of this 60-second
Club so if you're let's make put this
into daily be if you're seeing it now
you can hit me at she or he is going to
be selected yes I think you have to
actually win one of the sixty yeah
actually
hit up Chris and we need to make up a
piece of creative for Instagram to like
who's going to be the intern of the
60-second Club a lot of me is going on
right now good way to get in my inner
team this is the fastest quickest way to
get inside team Gary that would really
throw everybody for a loop if I wore
this to the game yeah Monday night home
tonight
yeah my just doing in person yeah we'll
see what it looks like
don't keep it as a call we'll do it as a
in person all right
good we'll see you in 10 minutes then
I'm going in with Tony now Wow huh I
don't know who I am either this is rare
to rare yeah that's what I figure how
are you great real pleasure thanks for
being here
how's it going I've been watching for
about a year and a half so I know your
opinion of college and university of
what you meant doing everything so I'm
trying to bridge that gap sure silver
maybe foolish what I've cut across go to
university it's very narrow way right
like like I want to make sure and spend
more time on clarifying my you know
College College the current curriculum
for Entrepreneurship and hardcore
marketing I think is flawed to the
marketplace um so I think that there's
the there's two ways to break this down
there's the practical and there's the
ideological and so like the practical
answer is nothing nothing has to change
we continue to hire all these kids and
so well everybody and that's just a
punchline and then we we actually I I
can't speak for everybody here I Gary
actually just default into your coming
with nothing and we'll teach you and
that I can afford that and we built a
culture and an infrastructure that will
do a good job of getting you up to speed
within a 6 or 12 month window and that's
the punchline so the real question is
you know what conversation should we
have here like how I guess your selfish
point of view here is how do you let
your students in your university have a
disproportionate edge on the marketplace
so that it's known as the place that's
kicking out these kids so that every
firm that has to follow our model to be
successful going forward in that way
the answer is practitioner ship through
this as long as they pump out of your
system what to be able to be a
practitioner I don't care if one oh one
and two
1 and 301 was playing volleyball
as long as 401 was practitioner ship and
they could come out and do it that's how
you'll win so to me the good news is the
hoops you have to go through are not a
deal breaker by my stretch
it's just when they pump out if if they
can do their you're in a totally
different place yo what's up guys it's
Mike Boyd he's good with music and shit
no fight if it dies it die if it dies it
dies cool ok
good to see you thank you brother please
tell me you caught that please tell me
you got that did you get it yes so what
happens are you live you got to talk to
them don't get bored right guys dunk you
can't just like be about d-roc your dunk
you can't just fill me walk-in that's
some boring ass shit
great hey Jack how are you brother it
becomes it becomes it becomes a classic
upside versus downside execution right
and there is clearly the down side of
where the momentum of the conversation
could go and so I have empathy for that
point of view on that so we're going to
talk about 2017 this episode is going to
be future is the app talk was coming
next
starting CES we're at just four learned
about you last year what do you see for
2017 you know it's funny especially
because I know a lot of people would
just be learning about me right now
I'm not Nostradamus right like I love
people that think I am but I'm not
you never know just what I think I'm
good at and what you've probably seen
the last decade is when I taste it I'm
like a shark with blood you know sharks
are crazy like a little like a mom like
like a mile out like a like a like a
little speck of blood and like that's
what I'm good at when I feel that when I
taste that blood in the water
I'm so fucking on it it's 24 I shut down
in December on my family vacation and
spent every minute
dissecting snapchat cuz I knew Khalid
had popped they're like wait a minute
Cal its pop and this is really double
good for me because the way he rolls
that's kind of similar to like the way
we got our differences but like the
thing that the kids are attaching to
that motivation like I'm like I'm living
that like for real
I only do that I don't envy Jay that is
me that is what I do and so I think that
um that's what I'm paying attention to I
don't know what's next but I'm always
circling those waters and don't let
somebody drop a little ounce of blood
because I'm going 24/7 at it once I
taste it
and of course I was react to what's
around me is that I was made a star
basketball we know that we're like have
it
it's call it what it is here's my pitch
to very simply because you already know
it before I even get to say it
there's no way in fucking hell
none that you're spending that million
dollars in marketing better than we
would spend it for you and you get the
upside of building your relationship
with me it's a complete no-brainer now
we just gotta figure out if we can do it
time out I want you to I was going to
forget this I'm going to put out a call
to action for somebody to give up their
their their winter break and hustle and
so I want a kid I'm gonna pick a kid and
we're gonna document I'm gonna FaceTime
and help the kid go and shop on eBay
you're gonna go back to their house
we're gonna film them post it and the
video is basically like how he made
three hundred thirty seven dollars
during his winter break instead of zero
yeah pretty good day so far really do
you write this is come on no I want you
in it but like don't you talk I know I
can do my thing now that now that I'm a
filmmaker Isabella with a Z okay d-roc
if I wanted to be a fucking filmmaker
I'd be the best fucking filmmaker on
fucking five minutes just to all of you
know I know I know Vincent there's the
guy Lance I don't email back like 13
people in comments saying no I missed
that meeting with Vince and I was like I
didn't want the bullshit then yeah but
how about the holiday part like we can
hang at the holiday party for holiday
party right dude okay okay I won't
forget you
all right oh gee I feel like I've been
talking to you like a hundred years I
don't even really know you at all you
look so good your hair I know I got it I
got it
nope
yeah that's that that's where all my
focus is right now I reviewed some stuff
over the weekend I have some stuff
coming Darren this week later in the
week
what's great we're gonna go left not
here but the next you know the classic
changing in the back of the car for a
Jets game while you're on a board call
you do that right real track
anything remote yep live here in the
Meadowlands in New Jersey East
Rutherford MetLife Stadium the Jets take
on just kidding love you guys hustling
Jets game might even go to another
meeting tonight I'll update you I'll try
to get some b-roll for UT rock just a
solid Monday grinder a bunch of good
meetings little hot 97 and I wore a
fucking soup see ya three seven minutes
into the game and the Jets are losing
torque so Konami spill and Andy we sit
together at every game I poke Andy to
get up for every third down bill sings
the best national anthem in the entire
stadium what do you have to say for
yourselves men go Jesse
let's try again and again and again so
then again
