I think the world like lacks optimism I
think you know everyone's like your
energy your energy I've come to realize
it's just optimism just happy just
positive that's what it is just like
whatever chemicals are my body they just
allow me to see the bright side like and
I just don't think I've realized how few
people have that like no very few people
have it as black and white hundred zero
like I just think everything's good but
like you know I'm dying no out of eight
billion people like what the breakdown
is like my gut is like six billion just
go directly into having more pessimism
and cynicism and negativity like 5149
minimally all the way down to very scary
places I just don't think there's a lot
of 80 80 % optimism just environment
raised I could just all that stuff it
doesn't come naturally a lot of people I
think I think that's like you know if I
was able to say I'm lucky about
something forget about the business
results it's lucky that that optimism
comes naturally to me like I'm just
optimistic like I just think that so
much works for me because I refuse to
accept the negative like I you know and
I don't think I hate when people say
it's you know it's an option or it's a
choice I agree with you Susan I don't
think it comes natural to everybody I
think we are just starting on the early
stages of a of really looking at mental
health the brain meditation and I do
think alike that's like saying be
beautiful doesn't come natural to
everybody some of us you know yes I'm
just kidding but like you know like you
know I I do think that some of some
things are are etched with us early on
and I'm I'm so grateful I sit here in
front of the 2,000 of you which is in
itself is ridiculous like I can turn
something on in three minutes and have
2,000 people care enough to hear what I
have to say I see here with ego and
humility gratitude and focus
appreciation and sense of responsibility
all built around really this optimistic
foundation
that is the fuel that drives me to my
hustle and to my execution in the
marketplace
you
