let's just hop out there forget
something
yes don't know one
this was last Monday morning to lunch I
rejoined vaynermedia five months ago now
I was here in the early days 2011
and what I'm working on with Gary is I'm
working on opening up a London office
you know it's cooler than anything I
think talking big shit and backing it up
I think that's the coolest and like I
just I just think about when our
conversations what I like yeah we'll
definitely open light it one minute for
12 hours
we got to control that passport first
line ever Heathrow Express those guys in
me
a lot of action here London we're going
time in the UK too bad you're late for
it but true so streets of London Eric
runs London yeah he worked at Vayner in
the early days Eric what number were you
he was a 17th employee he worked up for
four should I get Forbes I met him I
seduced him in our first meeting
eventually worked for us then through
family really how long you were 18
months first time how to go to Boston
for personal reasons and then he came
back to Boehner to run the London office
a year
it's the best well I'm the best but he's
really nice job
that's true
what's your favorite video blog right
now my favorite native little bit o
character could be you what are you
watching the monsoon and yeah what's
that
my favorite it's not nobody business
rates being Vsauce it's that right yeah
love it I believe it's good yeah it's
really good how many watch and KCC
vessels yourself yep those are the three
yeah and how many things you subscribe
to on YouTube a lot of other big things
Lorraine hands big things just to come
get your sensitivities tonight
an important meeting in the wheel
d-roc like the shot it's a brand play
and a execution play I'm a big believer
that you have to always reverse engineer
what you're doing for your client I
always want to give my clients the best
and brightest options and more
importantly helping a lot of these
incredible filmmakers understand the
nuances if they haven't worked in the
past with brands of the creative
freedoms and some of maybe the
limitations and so being a hand-holding
process to the interpretation I think
could be to make it go faster smoother
and more successful I think the thing
I've learned in building an agency in
the world where I used to interact with
them is having that context brings a lot
of value
pretty impressive boat
Londyn looks pretty impressive too
reach and third-generation right into
innovation the river
it's a fairy god it continued
because this is my life
like in Jordan way don't let me not work
it out so I got stuck in customs this
morning so eliminated my time I got no
sleep from London from New York to
London it's a little after 11:30 yeah
it's 11:30
I have to work out time we go tomorrow
we're going to 6:15 tomorrow morning
good trip in London got a lot done in
the office is rolling I said something
interesting that I wanted to share with
everybody who's running multiple
locations or multiple offices I told a
couple people didn't have to you don't
have to be a different office you have
to be exactly like New York excuse me
you could be different in many many ways
your swag your style your slang just
have to be the same at heart so I think
a lot of people are trying to replicate
these same experiences I don't care if
New York LA San Francisco Chattanooga
and London are the are the same in every
single place I just want them to be the
same in heart same intent of the core
value that drives our organization what
else excited about all the comments
spending a lot of time in the YouTube
comments really appreciate the love to
continue to grind this out it's
interesting documentation of this has to
be so fascinating
watch in 30 40 50 60 years my grandkids
and most of all just hope I'm bringing
you guys value hope you're getting
something out of the documenting of an
entrepreneur journey the real work ethic
that goes into it you know this is not
the channel or the videos to watch the
four step process to make ten thousand
dollars in four days
this is um this is the videos to watch
if you want to understand the reverse of
that and a hard grinding long marathon
with big ambitions and doing things you
love on a daily basis with people that
you loved on a daily basis and
recognizing that anything worthwhile all
the best shit we have has those
shortcuts that put into work
who does fucking midnight fucking
workouts it was like bands and shit
after while we're sleep morning ya know
it's like
