if you're so ambitious show me here's my
real question if you really want it and
by the way you get to choose your
work-life balance you know that's on you
like that's not me to choose or anybody
else what I'm passionate about Steven to
be very frank with you is what didn't
you do from Friday 5:00 p.m. until
Monday 7:00 a.m. I'm just curious like
and I don't think you shouldn't have a
weekend but I think everybody's ambition
actually is more predicated on their
actions than their words my friends tell
me all the time they're so ambitious and
I'm like if that's true then you punt
leisure and you punt concerts at Jones
Beach and you work time so for me my mom
credit golf for me tears down a job for
me unless you know these demons job for
me she's no evil not far from me I don't
mind just a rule
