this is that dailyvees gonna be
different on the weekend it's a whole
different grind
anxious
thank you this was the last Monday
morning in her life
hey guys so uh it's Saturday morning
this is Justin Novello so my amazing
brother-in-law we're going to the church
sale there's a local church by my
parents house where they basically sell
stuff it's kind of like a thrift store
so we're going we're gonna find stuff
this is the daily B's gonna be different
on the weekend it's a whole different
grind so especially since I'm you know
I'm going to obviously you guys a lot of
you guys know that I'm not going to
share as much family stuff so I'm have
to be clever and we're gonna try to go
be clever and make some flips show you
guys some action let's see you a sec so
this has been a little spot that uh me
and AJ have gone to for years and Justin
and always some good deals you know
obviously I've talked a lot about the
garage selling and the yard sales in the
town sales for a lot of you I don't know
if a lot of you been seeing but there's
been so many comments so people slipping
and making money
so it's excited me tremendously um and
so the other place that I think a lot of
people are are doing extremely well with
is thrift stores so obviously there's
goodwill in all these national places
but like my parents offices you can tell
probably
morally Jersey there are some of these
little spots where you can make some
great uh
flips I remember AJ once found a Donkey
Kong Country Super Nintendo game in
package I went for like a buck fifty one
twenty-five cents in this place while
I've got you here while we're driving
also talked about on some of the trends
in the business world that you guys are
paying attention to I think on the
weekends I'll be able to take advantage
of maybe doing some askgaryvee type
stuff things that nature so a couple
things that are really interesting to me
is watching instagram create features
that are absolutely attacking snapchat
basically now having all the feature
capabilities that snapchat has but on
top of that some of the functionalities
that direct marketers love a lot of you
that follow me if you go to my stories
you see that I'm using the swipe up
feature as a verified user at a beta
tester of this the conversion rates have
been phenomenal because at the end of
day like I've always said it's all about
attention you know I've always loved
when people misunderstood what to do on
Instagram and snapchat
and because they weren't direct link
places they weren't places where you
would click and make a conversion you
could say oh this is how I'm converting
they were trying to use historic web
dynamics against these new platforms I
kept saying look treat it like print
treated like television
there's branding capabilities but the
part that wasn't talked about was when
some of these branding and marketing
platforms and what I mean by that is
they don't have direct correlation to
sales because it's like a billboard or a
print ad or a TV ad you don't click your
TV ad you don't click the Billboard you
become aware of a brand and then you go
and buy it that's branding and marketing
versus the sales tactic that so many of
you care about email conversion Google
AdWords Facebook ads it's only
transactional you're not thinking in the
marketing level you're thinking in the
sales level that's why snapchat and
Instagram are so great for me they were
incredibly smart marketing platforms but
what's interesting now and this is
something that all of you have to keep
in mind with marketing platforms that
are digital they always have the ability
to convert into sales functionality so
now Instagram if you have a big audience
and you go into a story environment and
you swipe up and it sends you to a
direct link if you're wearing a t-shirt
and you're like get this t-shirt on my
website right now and you swipe up and
you go right to the landing page you're
converting that's a whole different
ballgame and so watching the branding
and marketing platforms of the social
age start adding sales capabilities
because snapchats coming out with this
well very shortly is a very powerful
thing that's gonna make a lot of you
that are more sales driven really start
focusing on these branding platforms
you're gonna have to start thinking like
a media
concept producer not just like a
salesman to have that complete 360
capability in the mobile modern
environment I got the first-person
action you're gonna get some
first-person action now I'm a big fan of
mugs by the way I've always thought that
mugs were underpriced on the bay as I
can see to be busy here more than normal
that Mickey
one of the categories I need to figure
out more as playing cards anybody have
any couch goes in their house I think
this is really good
slim pickins in here you found some
stuff that's for sure finding anything I
am NOT oh for life no no for sure say
owners just want you to get better with
books like Jesus Vietnam experience set
is like fourth real money I'm just like
what is it
that's ten for everything thank you so
much you you have a great holiday okay
all right so we did good I miss the set
of books is like a 30 spot just like 15
just I would say we spent Anna made
those 200 maybe more yeah yeah yeah yeah
I was all you it's all you baby Hustle
is real puzzles real so this is how a
Saturday uh Saturday daily bees are
gonna go down
so the Bucks easily like 30 anymore I
think we go for 49.99 so the holidays
with a blip-it erielle is gonna go for
15 easily this I think is 10 just this
is original Care Bear I'm gonna look it
up probably seven to ten we'll go $9.99
minimum so we'll get ten for that I
haven't looked this up yet but this is
old shit old kangaroo vintage yeah I
can't wait to look it up looking up shit
is sometimes going off yeah cuz like you
know it's like holding off it's like
foreplay of thrifting surveys really oh
yeah this is pretty good ah this is
gonna work with some Nickelodeon shit
2001 I know this guy's gonna go for ten
at least this is ugly dolls I think this
will go for ten at least as well have a
looked up this one either
Wildlife World Wildlife and the I Love
Lucy it's wah-wah-whoo C or something
like that yeah so if we go ten ten ten
and that's forty fifty sixty seventy
eighty five in the books the books to 85
125 eBay fees to set the other thing we
spent ten gimme ten it's gonna be ten
for 110 we're gonna make hundred dollars
profit for our thirty minutes here plus
we had fun it's a lot of fun brother
notes on and that's how we do it and you
can too if you just want it bad enough
and for a lot of people 100 bucks extra
in a week we're gonna go post this right
now - yeah
