probably the thing that's most on my
mind right now like fuck man I have to
do this for me and humanity like that's
how big of an ego I have to stay alive
for a long time so I can see this
through I know I'm on to something so
fundamentally different and I know that
I can inspire people to do it cuz it's
gonna have the Empire part to see that's
what people don't get the reason I'm
gonna win is because I've got both the
honey part means that you want to go
change the world the Empire part means
you'll do it at all costs I'm neither
it's cool it's really interesting
because when I buy the Jets there's
gonna be a lot of nice people that are
they're gonna think they can build a
nice big business thing do it the right
way I'm gonna redefine what an
entrepreneur and business person is
thought of I think I can do it
