what do you suggest like is the main
thing to do do move forward to do
something that breaks the pattern
something extreme yeah like just get on
a train and go away for a week or
something different you have to break
pattern its pattern recognition it's
people get into ruts and you just need
to find something to break it even I
even even I did it with Wine Library I
was building a business I was like wait
a minute
I'm not a hundred percent happy I
started a video show on YouTube I did it
wasn't like I went to Africa I just
broke the pattern yeah in an extreme way
I started a new pattern and so start a
new pattern but you might not like it
but do it for 30 days and if you want to
keep doing it go and if not then start a
different pattern pattern break up yeah
that's great awesome
