waiting on its first mover in an
industry like Wine Library TV buzz or
less social channel like Instagram
Facebook Twitter which all have so many
people on them now how do you go about
breaking through the noise talent you
know I'm excite you know limits yeah you
know what I'm excited I'm excited
because I have a lot of respect for this
room
there's a lot of talent in this room
just because you weren't first doesn't
mean you can't be best like now remember
best comes in to fold that's why I made
that point if you're actually great at
what you do for a living that's the only
part of it
you have to be great at communicating it
in the way it's communicated to that
like you have to you have to understand
angles and pictures or what works in
video or how to use hashtags to be
discovered when nobody knows who you are
they both matter but shouldn't you put
in the work if you get the benefit
