gets you down as long as the eight to
twelve core people in my life are
healthy I struggle to really get down I
just don't know how to do it and so when
you live your life that way losing a big
account or somebody calling you out is
just not that painful you just put it
into context I usually just like you
know like take it you know like you know
what me this is so interesting I think
you find this interesting my favorite
scene in movies is always when somebody
gets punched in the mouth and they take
the punch they spit their tooth out and
then they look back at the other person
I don't know if you've seen that there's
always some version of that scene that's
who I am as a human being like
I'm built to get punched in the mouth
I'm gonna spit my friend mm I'm gonna
look right back at you and be like now
what bitch
