when you live by other people's rules
you're not gonna give yourself a chance
to take a step back right now and think
about who we all admire in the world
right they're all people that punted the
system there are people that practice
singing since they were 5 there were
people that shot ten thousand
basketballs every morning it's always
that it's always that 99% of people
right now that are listening to this are
playing in the middle they're playing in
a game that was structured for them
they're risk adverse they fear and most
importantly they fear what other people
think Elvis I think the best thing that
ever happened to me
much like you with your gold mic I
didn't care what other people said and
and it's not because I didn't respect it
I actually I get feedback all the time
that might be negative listen I respect
it I listen to it but at the end of the
day I'm just not built to have it
dictate my one at-bat at life
