clouds versus dirt yet the case dirt
being an actual practitioner even though
I have a 600 person company with filled
with twenty year olds through every
direction as a 40 year old in that
company nobody actually knows how to do
social media better than me I'm a
practitioner I know every nook and
cranny about snapchat Pinterest
Instagram right now and so when you do
something you have to know your craft
clouds you have to know why you're doing
it at the highest level when I was
getting D's and F's in high school in
the 90s when the narrative was going to
college is the only way to be successful
in America I was told by teachers that I
was a loser even though I was making
$2,000 a weekend selling baseball cards
as a 15 year old
I think 99.9% people watching this right
now live in the middle and I think it's
the most dangerous place to be
