if people focused on what they dominated
at and not tried to be something else
they would win it is just so obvious to
me who's winning and who's losing a lot
of people look at finished products they
look at LeBron today they look at
Beyonce today trying to win and not
being scared and not fearing that loss
because of others not yourself I want to
be where you are
go what la can do something I don't know
other people's POV everybody here
doesn't like losing cuz they're worried
what other people think about their loss
that's the number one thing that holds
people back to me self-awareness is what
are you good at what do you like what
puts you in a position to be successful
if I didn't have the passion for the
game I wouldn't do it too many people
want to be something versus recognizing
what they are and it's the people that
understand themselves first that are
winning
