I mean there's so many people right now
they're not doing what they love because
they're worried about what other people
think when you're playing a different
game than everybody else
peer pressure doesn't even have a shot
on you it's tougher when you're 15 as
you're building your self-esteem and and
your foundation of your life when you're
51 or when you're 91 you're gonna be
stunned how little you care and and this
includes your parents and your siblings
and even your children this is an
intense thing this is a very intense
thing and you have to love yourself
first and feel good and complete with
yourself first I would do what I did as
a 15 year old would you start building
those skills and not listen to your
parents and not listen to your teachers
and not listen to your friends respect
it but don't let anybody anybody impose
their way on you it's you you're with
yourself and you've got to make yourself
happy first
