you don't want to stay in one lane and
just go let's get this well I mean look
let's let's really answer Peter I think
the reason I'm not is because I want to
buy the New York Jets and when I turn 30
I mean this is the true I mean the real
reason is because I want to buy the New
York Jets and on my 30th birthday 10
years ago I was driving to Wine Library
I looked myself in the rearview mirror
and I said you are full of there's
nothing you're doing over the last five
years that is putting you anywhere close
to a physician to buy a billion-dollar
sports franchise so you miss her on this
glorious thirtieth day better decide if
that is actually what you want and if
not Mazel Tov go have a nice work-life
balance make some money do your thing
but right now on this day November 14
right 2005 I want you to decide what
you're doing and I looked back at that
angry version of myself and I said you
might want to buy the Jets
