first and foremost you have to realize
in a real way in a non way that
you work for them if you do not do that
you've lost number two you have to
realize that there is no blanket rules
you have to micromanage 330 people so
wants ambitions and needs on an everyday
basis what else is it work-life balance
is it like are they a huge you know
Chelsea fan and something about me right
the other thing is you have to build
infrastructure last Friday I announced a
new role that I Dennis was the most
senior role in a company besides me with
Claud summer who's now my partner
basically in the company she's the chief
part boss she will help me scale the
mapping of one to one scale to build
great culture is not only through words
that are written on the wall but in your
actions you Eponine every one of those
people who understand
