you know it's I hate giving advice that
I don't know like self-awareness I don't
want to teach you self-awareness like I
don't I don't know how I got gratitude
it just happened like maybe I'm in to my
feelings I don't think I figured that
out it wasn't like those little nine
step process to get to my feelings I'm
just into my feelings and so I cuz I'm
into my feelings I know how thankful I
am I know how lucky I am
guys I used some of you've heard me say
this before you know where it is to
become a human like what do I mean I
mean the math around actually becoming a
human being is fucking insane like
you've won you get it you get it and so
like I thought about shit like that I
think about shit like what if my family
died like I think about what I actually
care about and it makes me happy
