fuck it
I just did a huge rant in the cab with
d-roc do you rock I think it's a good
one it was good right it's gonna make
the episode stop complaining
morning morning morning I'm doing
something yummy how's it go are you good
at you like it a bit okay hello how are
you nice to meet you
how you doing Angela such a pleasure let
me ask how do you find your passion you
know that is a question I've been at so
that book came out in 2009 and exploded
and put me on the scene right and so as
you can imagine everybody calls me and
like I get thousands of emails a week
how do I find my passion and literally I
reply I don't know I don't I'm like I
would tell you my punch line is what
would you do if you could just do it all
the time
I actually do that I said like that was
like I said you know when in third grade
fourth grade I went to the mall I bought
a baseball card I shoved snow and did
lemonade so I can get money to go get by
a krauser's go my baseball cards then
open it then trade them make more money
that my hobby is being a businessman so
obviously today somebody asked me like
when do you do you time right you talked
about working 15 hour days how does that
leave room for family time or for you
time so my 15 hours a day is my you time
it was like what do you mean like that's
the beauty of of doing what you love
like you know crushing it you know doing
your passion like that's the punchline
like you get to actually like me doing
my you time is this like me hustling and
trying to win the business game is me
playing a game it is my you time this is
my hobby this is my outlet this is what
I'm doing it for myself like to me you
know some people up fishing and surfing
and things of that nature like this is
what gets me off like this is my hobby
can you imagine playing video games all
day is now something people are gonna
make millions and millions of the things
you solitude Kobe's and the bronze are
gonna be tens of millions of dollars but
you like good from around the way guy go
to AAU you could make 10,000 25,000
because a lot of people gonna watch you
play Mario Kart and you're gonna make
ads on your twitch channel so sure the
only answer I have that's
even somewhat of an answer time kind of
because I got to know you directly one
by one we got to talk it through but
what what wouldn't you do if you could
do like it all day like you do nothing
else for example bunch of people I'm
sure that listen the show I'm going
cliche and I'm stereotyping but if you
love music and you would listen to music
all day good start a music blood start a
SoundCloud channel start mixing music
against pictures and videos and like
putting it out there I mean like like
you know you think these DJ's thought
they were these EDM DJs 15 years ago
thought they were gonna make this kind
of money oh no like you remember I am
like you think those guys thought they
were gonna be a million you think Khalid
thought he was gonna make this kind of
money this is like it's unbelievable
that I'm so I'm so grateful so thankful
like if I could do anything in the world
with my time I would be building
businesses it's like it's my game and so
I think that's an incredible gift and
it's why and I'm so thankful for it so I
push so many of you to try to find it
you know if you love and I said all the
time
the Smurfs are Alf that classic talk if
you love out do an Alf blog you collect
Smurfs Smurfs it up whatever you need to
do do it listen have a dream but you
can't be you gotta pull it opposite
direction shot you got to have a dream
but you've got to be practical the
practicality of making $80,000 a year
being a blogger about basketball because
you love it versus making one hundred
nine thousand a year as a lawyer is a
great arbitrage for a lot of people it's
the unlocking happiness like is your
life better making one hundred nine
thousand dollars here being a lawyer
versus making $80,000 a year being a
full-time basketball content provider
you know I don't know people's
situations you may have loans you may
have this but if you can afford it I
promise you you're gonna be way happier
doing this stuff that you want to be
doing look yourself in the mirror and
ask yourself what do I want to do every
day for the rest of my life do that I
promise you can monetize that shit and
those are choices everybody has to make
for themselves but when I say not
everybody's gonna be LeBron I mean not
everybody's gonna be Mark Zuckerberg and
Steve Jobs down here that's right got it
moment in there
and their job and making their career
their hobby that's right they they can
be the seventeenth night there's a level
of practicality that's different for
everyone predicated on how fancy they
want to be like where's your happiness
and where's the things you want that you
need money for where's that Mendoza line
there's a lot of people for example
right now we're watching this who are
doing well and making $200,000 a year
but if they made 140 they'd be much
happier got it they start working that
the machine takes over that business
eats them up like a lot of people think
that happens to me when they don't
understand me they don't get it I
already won
I've won I'm getting to play the game
that I want to play you doing in town
just here just this you flew from
Detroit to come take a selfie correct
you have about 50 bucks dude I'm super
another day led to what's up I made it I
made it baby made it probably get him in
here Rock don't be a dick all right
let's take our selfie I was like good
that was great man all right real
pleasure man I appreciate it
it's it's religion and like people
everybody wants this tactic like what's
the one move it's not that it's a it's a
mindset it's your mindset shift man yeah
the no regrets thing is real it's huge
yeah yes I'm just here today to meet
Gary I've read everything can crush it
all the way to askgaryvee and
implemented is stuff in and all my
businesses in our personal life in so I
thought it'd be cool to meet the guy and
so we did the barter system and for the
new books and as out here got to be the
guy see the operation it's pretty
awesome some real estate agent in
Detroit and I also run a team in Florida
and so can I go back and forth and I
kind of travel a little bit around
talking about how to build businesses
for real estate agents like it's not
like I don't need to make more it's not
like you need to make more I need to
make more because it means that I'm
succeeding in the game that I'm playing
and that very patient
of course I'm ultimately patient I've
only won t Rock this games Vig I already
won I figured myself out I know what
makes me happy nothing in the world
makes me happier than being able to know
and by the way this is for everybody
everybody is the happiest when they get
to do what they want to be doing when
you get to do what you want to do you've
won
that is the seductive nature of
entrepreneurship because you have
control there's no boss but the company
can become your boss the stuff
overextending yourself and paying for
your lifestyle can become your boss not
paying attention to what makes you happy
anymore can become your boss that's why
I try to stay grounded in that stuff
like when people don't know me and they
video goes viral and I call this guy's
just gonna be miserable and he's because
they just want to make money you know me
you don't know me like there's plenty of
people that are miserable that have that
are home all day like misery doesn't
come in the way you want to judge her
misery comes in the way that it is for
that actual person and for me the time I
get to spend with my family and then the
fact that I get to spend a lot of time
playing the game that I want to play is
ultimate happiness I would suffocate and
die if I work 9:00 to 6:00
it wouldn't be happy what do you know
sorry that's not politically correct
it's it's selfish like I want to work
that's six to nine that so many of you
go out to dinner with friends or watch
shows or play volleyball or a part of it
that's what I'm doing it's just three
more hours of work I like my meeting is
your card club my meeting is your book
club my meeting is your pool table night
my meeting is your dart team my meeting
is you're going to the shore and surfing
my meeting is your yoga that's like you
understand that's what makes me happy
that's what makes me relaxed I get
relaxed when I'm working like like like
I'm sorry I'm not wired like you but
like that's why I don't judge you
everybody's going one by one here we go
it's fine I'm give a table waiting for
you now I could sex at a time okay and I
got a good and II was gonna call you
hopefully schwa this time then Brian and
Kevin really need to talk to you about
one thing that happened from today they
said they didn't like specify but they
need like your go on something okay and
other than that you're good for us
tonight what's going on my inbox your
inbox you me okay fine the guy from oh
okay you know wrong spot to get out on
twelve okay Cory yeah let me just
require like a small new brain and they
wanted to meet her about oh the answer I
wanted big yeah Oh hit me up because you
know how I replied it's just like I'll
video in yeah
I'll be in LA yeah yeah weekends okay
show me
so go 5050 snapchat for school Buckeyes
each one that was a graduation for some
of me can you say this is that gonna get
approved we get something similar before
yeah it's kind of what we did in the
last one yeah amazing I mean if that
goes yeah you want Longhorns and yeah I
just per do it love improved cool so I
greased the video salmon asparagus
oysters text me release the vid that
video Monday yes what's ugly feel just
for it on Monday
yeah do you want to do askgaryvee Friday
and Saturday instead of today and
tomorrow huh we're gonna be gettin Ellen
taking a cab I can you daily be anything
should be today or
for what goodness I'm so confused
filming or distributing distributing
okay one more time
strip fucking Busey
we can post finished entrepreneurs in an
hour or we can post it tomorrow watch
one into scenter son for all because we
did daily be today i don't care about
that you know that yeah i'm not filming
saturday know exactly which is why we're
supposed to show you chefs are you
feeling him
yeah a fiver and how got it so oh but
you always want to push it out boy I'm
sorry tomorrow is what Friday yeah so
you can do a scary be Friday ass gotta
be Saturday that's right and then you're
gonna do dailyvee whenever right yeah
yeah as long as you're cool with posting
those to Friday and Saturday okay what
are you from
Reles right now no I feel great
did I eat tonight yeah you had lunch all
right yeah I feel I when I don't eat at
all I feel like there's no food so I'm
just gonna eat salmon it's nice yeah
yeah
hi forty forty forty fourth and six you
mean that cast you mean just in general
you know how it gets done yeah I mean
sometimes a lot of pressure gets pent up
you gotta execute how about my black eye
can you see it yeah crazy um good thing
you all you would have been so cool if
you were filming basketball this morning
that was my mistake
you would caught it I took such an elbow
like by the way all my advice and get
rocked make sure this is in here because
I need to recall this clip this actually
give it to me I need it all my advice is
only for the complainers this is only
for the complainers I'm not mad at you
if you play mad at you all my left side
my buddy uh I don't believe that at you
if you watch fucking lost I'm not mad at
you if you watch complete seasons of
house of cards I'm not mad at you if you
play call of duty all day I'm not mad at
you if you're on the softball team I'm
mad at you if you're doing that and
you're baffled and complaining why why
you're not making more money and why
you're not living your dreams but if
you're happy you can tell you want just
like I've won you can judge my stuff in
reverse but I've won I'm happy and so
that's a very important definition that
I think a lot of people miss in this
message that only the ones that have
watched all of it or have good EQ have
figured out I'm not judging I'm
definitely not judging and I Who am I to
give you advice but what I am doing is
saying if you complain I don't complain
reverse not complain about not seeing my
kids enough I do not complain about not
having enough leisure
I'm not complain about any of those
things because I made my bed and you
made your bed
- we can play 12 hours a day of games
unless you're professional and make
money I get it have a problem you know
like you know so my stuff is for the
complainers we only get to play this
game one time
here in this city
and telling the religion baby like you
like but if you don't complain then you
then you've won you could do it any way
you want make a dollar a year or make up
all the dollars in the year
you've won it's not about that spend
every minute with your kids spend no
minutes with your kids if you're happy
and you know claim you've won
III hate that uh I hate that I'm I don't
show as much of my personal life because
everybody thinks I work every second but
that's a decision we've made but of
course I'm excited to go with my wife to
a show like where you guys the best I
don't think I'm gonna say do you I keep
it I'm going and it should be great and
I'm gonna laugh
