the way to really do stuff is to do the
stuff you actually like to do and
everybody's tricking you along the way
including yourself of all the other
things you need to do when you become
whole and confident enough like this is
just what I do and and this is the real
brain when you're okay with where it
taps you out at when you're like cool
I'm only going to make three hundred
thousand dollars a year when you can get
there or 50 or five million or whatever
it may be when you just can get cool
with where you're at and what you're
good at and what that leads itself to a
couple of funny things happen you start
saving a lot of time on other stuff
which allows you to play the game
slightly different and opens up other
opportunities that you would have never
had
