entrepreneurship is not predicated on
taking away from your family
entrepreneurship is from taking away
from everything else so stop making
excuses
oh these millennial kids are so entitled
these kids didn't have to work as hard
as we did nobody cares if you're 40 70
90 alien female male minority the market
will accept your victories if you're
good enough to have a victory and I
believe more than ever that if you're a
49 year old housewife with two kids
because of this phone you've got more
opportunities to create something for
yourselves please my friends do not
allow just the 18 and 14 and 22 year
olds to grab at this pie that is so
available to all of us regardless of our
age we're gonna live longer the
opportunity is real for the 58 year old
right now that's watching us it'll live
another 40 years 40 years of being able
to do something you love is a big deal
start putting in the work start
recognizing this isn't just a young
person's game
