is single piece and I woke up today and
have not and don't do weekend events
because that's my family time and woke
up this morning and got here today was
to tell you one thing which is I
recommend it it's very seriously that
you go home and think about the fact
that you should probably allocate the
next three to four years of your life to
try to execute on the thing that you
want to do for the fucking rest of your
life if you really want to do let the
thing that drives you that's when you
get into the zone of like cool I don't
need to live in the best place cool I'll
commute from a little further away cool
I'll team up with four live people then
sleep on a couch and I think that that
to me is the part that's most
interesting
the reason I'm willing to trade is
because I know how awesome it feels to
do what you love it's what I've been
able to do my whole life
