I have no romance for any marketing or
business behavior and never will to the
day I die period and that's a very
important statement that so few in this
room actually deeply believe and if you
did then you would never disrespect
anything new that has 150 million active
monthly users like snapchat because it
doesn't have a click out function so you
can figure out what the conversion rate
is the reason I am going to make
billions that have made hundreds of
millions and the reason many in here
will make millions is because there's a
difference between sales and
transactions and brand and marketing if
you just realized it was in your best
financial interest to take 20 percent of
your monies and behaviors and learn new
things and learn them you would make so
much more success out of your businesses
you
