are there any brands out there that you
look at and say ah that is an iconic
brand that means that has meant so much
in history but today means nothing I'd
love to get my hands on it
Nintendo why because they're up
like there's no 15 year old like the
fact that Nintendo was not winning
in-app gaming is ludicrous they have the
IP the fact that Kardashian apps and
like and like and minecraft and other
things are winning while while there
isn't a 15 year old that gives a crap
anymore about Mario or Zelda or things
of that nature
that was a huge miss and they got
romantic that it was all about the
council where they made their money
right and they were romantic and they
didn't deploy against the next attention
police and they loud that romance to
kill them
