do you know how many kids feel less than
because he didn't have a chance to get
to school they're not you know they're
not this they're not that and then you
look at someone like Gary Vee and he
admits like he said in public that he
got D's and F's and we thought where he
is now do you know what kind of hope
that be it's a long game I was told
between 7 years old and 18 years old
that I lost that I was a loser because
this is what I got F City baby but when
I saw after City I knew inside that this
was not the game that I was gonna play I
was patient
I ate crow in that 12 year period while
the market and the Machine told me I
wasn't gonna win I knew or my outcome
was and you may now be in their 20s and
30s and 40s and the Machine the
marketplace might be telling you that
you're gonna lose but it is about
staying the course and putting in the
work and position yourself in the right
position to go out and win
