snapchat here are some people have to
understand i predict i'm going to
hardcore here I predicting 2016 that
snapchat will have a number one two or
three spot in the most important apps in
the world from the 13 to 40 let me say
it again forty-year-old sector maybe
even 40 50 50 I'm that the 25 to 50 year
old sector on snapchat in 2016 is going
to blow away the far majority of people
who are watching this episode and so let
me give you a fun fact on how to get
good at it or start playing with it the
one big creative play that I see on
snapchat that makes it so different is
the notion of taking a picture and then
drawing on top of it someone do you
follow me I've seen things the weird
spider the raindrops I'm start to play
with it a little bit I'm a big fan of
that it opens up enormous creativity
enormous Cody run some of my funny snaps
I don't know where you're putting them
to you rock but and so i'll give you
those images ah yeah so if your winery
take pictures in the wine room in the
vineyard of the bottle and then draw
creative things around it i do think
that people will enjoy that it'll be a
little haha you can do some little
contest by running in i think drawing on
top of the images because the images on
Instagram and Facebook and Twitter they
all look the same as drawing thing is a
real creative variable it is a
difference-maker the attentions on
snapchat I am bullish on that ghost
