is twitter taking a lot from facebook
the quickness of twitter is such a
factor all of you looked at twitter and
said what am I going to say and I said
holy I can see what people are
saying and engage it and that's why I
love Twitter people are in a false sense
of reaching mass audience and Twitter
right now because of this enormous fire
hose of data twitter has a firehose
problem twitter has gotten nosy twitter
is noisy as hell nothing is more
important than the attention of the end
user nothing the attention of the end
user is the cost of entrance to
accomplish anything Twitter struggling
people don't understand it it's losing
attention instagram and snapchat emerged
as major attention grabbers within
mobile devices the first time I've been
able to make something trend in the last
three years was this august when i sent
a snapchat to 4,000 people and so I took
a picture myself holding up a bottle of
wine with a hashtag and after those
5,000 people in two seconds a ton of
them posted that picture on Twitter with
that hashtag and I was able to make
trend they need to limit the things that
are being said or the amount of people
if you don't engage with a single thing
from a person in a year you need to see
every single thing they say and so
they're not playing the attention
arbitrage I mean the amount of people
you follow on Twitter right now that you
don't care about is stunning and this is
email behavior we don't unsubscribe we
delete but you're not gonna take the
hour to unfollow it's just the way we do
things we don't purge it's quicker for
us to just go through the stream Twitter
doesn't have an algorithm like Facebook
does for the best content if there's
this person that you have not clicked
through on their tweet for a period time
six months or a year it should be
automatically or at least prompt you
know you want to delete oh ye the way
Facebook handles it the biggest damn
company in the world I think this is the
television and that TV is the radio and
it's 1965 I think this is the number one
device and I think that YouTube Facebook
Instagram and snapchat our NBC NBC and
CBS think of Twitter as MTV what I think
this happen to twitter is that snapchat
and Instagram have now become ESPN have
now become the hot network the game is
changing
quickly and often and if you're not
adjusting you're gonna lose they didn't
ID at the product for a long period of
time and they're paying the price I am
so intrigued by seeing what's going to
happen
