not everybody is meant for greatness not
everybody has extreme talent in a
category that produces money but
everybody does have a talent that can
produce happiness as long as if you're a
great artist you know that you're not
gonna make ten billion and as long as
you're making ten billion that you know
that maybe you're not gonna be the most
noble or but you've got to just be true
you just have to know what your gonna be
about you just accept yourself and not
worry what everybody else thinks and go
all-in on you if you're not South by
Southwest come check it I'm heading to
the convention center
got to get my keynote 12:30 p.m. come
see me
details in the text below
in an hour one of the keynotes hurry
looking fresh bro
appreciate you guys I make sure they I
like your face thank you man I got a
really good guy I got a really good guy
I put him on snapchat the other day it
was funny he was like what is this who
things better so cool or someone fucked
up and they sent the bracelet
confirmation to everybody who are sick
need it's not everyone thinks they have
a bracelet you live in the state of
Texas get your ass to book people
tonight 6 p.m. I will be there with a
live event really looking forward to it
what time is it
beautify thank you guys I appreciate it
thanks for being here I'm gonna do a
quick survey of how many people know me
and don't know me based on that I will
speed up the process of what we're
really here to do which is straight up
QA and your fucking mouth and so I want
to do some sort of weird contest right
now
I'm definitely not doing that because I
like to fight the system I love you see
ya thank you
so what's the problem knotty needs more
support well fuckin be patient like how
old is he 35 you're fucking young bro
what are you worried about it's not
gonna happen overnight nobody
understands about entrepreneurship and
philanthropy working together in Europe
like you need to you need to be patient
he used to grind something great doesn't
happen just because you did it for a
couple years or seven years or 13 years
like you have to chip away chip away
chip away thank you you're welcome
can I can I get the mic guys can I get
the mic for one second about the book
signing can I get the mic for one second
shit that would be fun yes
I'll see you six brother I'll see you
thanks for all your help no all right
I'm doing a book signing somewhere thank
you very early on my career he wanted me
to be like The Next Food Network Star so
I meet it was really cool this was
before the internet was real and like it
was a well you know he said he was a
really kind of not a great guy in my
opinion but he didn't say one thing that
has always stuck with me he said Gary
you never go on TV until the CDs in the
stores he talked about why his his
method was working people would promote
a week before the album was out and
there's no way to get it the next moment
at your height of emotion way too many
people in tech talk a big game before
their products if they think that hype
is gonna do them anything all that hype
was gonna do is clown them in the end
place right up get the fuck out
love it
yeah
stay well awesome hope you enjoy the
book
okay heartache you're an inspiration
thank you
what stop what subtle toy his crew this
dude right here is rockstar's me garyvee
get everybody else get off them get out
so fun it comes to my boy guy guy thank
you so much for the Facebook live
shoutout do you rock loading it up I
like the way guys play into Facebook
live guys always got first mover
advantage scales he knows what's up on
Facebook live ok I want to talk to you
about like the size of this books I've
been think about doing some more micro
kind of you know like like we did here I
think I need to put out more versions of
this I could see a compliment to the
askgaryvee volumes in little thesis is
like askgaryvee around artists yeah so
yeah there's these were interesting to
me a man Brian your genius Brian Grazer
great great great great great guy Frank
I mean look at this Frank Gruber
one of my buddies my first South by hung
out with Frank who drank wine together
it's good to see your book here Frank
it's a lot oh now this this is the
section Reese Brady rock love this guy
this book was a beast this was a big
selling book I like David a lot a
gentleman gentleman check him out real
good human real
all right fewer things just showing
everybody the autograph stickers
I like these photographs if you rock up
one foot one out of you I'm gonna
autograph Sirach an autograph Xerox
these are magic the gathering on to the
north cards I tend to be fast can I be
like the overboard I'm thrilled to do it
Gary back for you this record possum in
too much it 100 yes and it's it's a
privilege to finally start you thank you
better secret powers lani secret powers
and d-roc
it's going on hold on I gotta help
father please punch your bobbin why
aren't you putting out content on your
snaps we're starting out right now Gary
don't
nine years hanging put your in sports
your snapchats couldn't see my drinking
I own strike again
yeah I'm playing once a week once every
ten days
how is we're talking about this this is
Gary yeah are all we're talking about is
going back to like nineteen ninety-seven
permission based relationships Godin
sort of yeah you look as title cellphone
so we're talking about a permission
based marketing direct marketing
relationship I think I think yeah I mean
look I think I think it depends on how
you look at it I mean do I think new
things happen not that often I think I
think everybody is being fucked with
because the attention is being staggered
in so many different directions and
shifts very quickly if you were all of
our parents our moms and dads if they
were marketers a generation ago they had
it easy
we had a consistent platform of
marketing for a very long time the
Internet that's the thing being
delivered in the phone by the way that
thing screwed it up it's tough now sorry
like ah do you think I'm happy that
Twitter's losing its attention I've 1.2
million followers on it I was at the top
of the heap I was winning I'm super
pissed I'm sad I'm not happy about it
but I'm not crying about it I'm learning
and executing an Instagram and snapchat
and that's just the way it is and it's
gonna move fast and what we have in and
again because bond is here in the
context of a lot of people room in a
corporate environment again the whole
thing is miss structured your brand
managers these are business operators
these are people that think about profit
margin actually the formula of the
cookies they have to think about the
relationships with the retailers and on
top of all of that they have to
understand what's going on in marketing
and they and some random creative
director from widening kennedy get to
decide what the creative is that they're
gonna spend all their money on it's such
a fucked up system it makes no common
sense in a 2016 world and there's a
reason so many people struggle to sell
shit because they don't know how that's
what I think it's actually catwalk
thank you how are you doing darling
yes yeah get it true thank you good for
you
thank you for saying you're welcome that
was good panel right who do you want
make it out to hae na
24/7 brother see it all on the snapchat
thank you brother
I wish you well Gary B get in make sure
she gets it all right got it
thank you anything crazy right
this book is really good thank you
there's some books at cunt gallery come
and get them d-roc some things to all
the support I'm so sure I appreciate the
love you know hard on snapchat
hard hard hard type in every eyeball you
have to follow it it's gonna really
matter
I've been everything you got into this
channel so what attentions gonna be in
2019 neither of yous but it's something
I think if we do it the right way create
something that is much more sustainable
all right you don't you're not gonna
miss your kids graduations and all that
you know that they're more the lar
minimis chickens I have to tell people
no on Sundays regular how about Thursday
night birds ate up until the schedule
comes out we don't fuck Thursday nights
in the fall as well
cuz we literally are scared it's for one
decade it's so funny they they're like
huh like is it religious I'm like no
yeah have you heard of the rare Jets
religious that's so fun to be here I
remember going down here for a party God
and it's unbelievable how much has
changed in the nine years I've been
coming here
you mean they've been talking I'm really
feeling that this book has allowed me to
be what I really am you know 20 I think
the first chapter speaks to what the
entire book is and ironically is the
first film Dirac ever made with me which
is clouds and dirt right this book if
you've read it or when you read it I
think you'll see has the crush it Thank
You economy kind of philosophies of what
the big issues at hand self-awareness
kind of emotional e.q kind of heady
philosophical anthropology kind of stuff
going on but then it also has very
tactical like posts like this and use
this felt very tangible advice and so
it's been interesting for me to see
whether it's a Scoble or Guy Kawasaki or
other people saying wow this is a really
how-to book like this is not a fluff
book this is really like thinking the
things do these things like there's
things to be done and then other people
saying whoa Gary's fun other people
writing reviews of like Gary's finally
grown up this really talks about the
bigger things and I think there's too
many people writing business books that
have never built a business they they
make money on teaching people how to
make money when they've never made money
in any way besides teaching people how
to make money and I have a lot of
cynicism to that and I have a lot of
cynicism to the overall kind of place
where entrepreneurship is right now and
I'm excited to this book and this
momentum and this week and in general
feeling you're catching me at a super
interesting time I'm super emotional
about clearly in my stomach feeling that
I've taken another step step in the
journey that I think is inevitable and
and I'm excited about it and so your
turnout tonight means a lot to me and so
I thank you very very very much you know
the ironic thing that people don't know
about me is if there was fifty thousand
people here or if there was one person
here I'd fucking bring it you know I
think when you're in the business of
marketing something that you don't
actually do it's all about listening and
asking questions right so the first
thing I would do is really try to
understand what I'm trying to accomplish
so if you ask me what I think I am I
think I'm a counter-puncher that's why I
did Jab Jab Jab right hook I think in
nature I'm a counter puncher right I'm
trying to understand all of you and then
I reverse-engineer it and then I started
stacking what I want to do based on what
I know you want you know why a lot of
you are here because of all the
business coaches and all this they're
full of shit they're trying to hold
their best stuff so that you feel like
they're giving you a little bit and they
want to suck you into their fucking
mastermind and the fucking ebooks and
shit like that
I'm giving my shit away for free every
three years I come into my can you buy a
$20 buck and then I love one of my fans
I'm like you know some of you and you
guys see this the comments like Gary all
right enough of the book I'm like really
really like I can't throw that little
right hook once every three years for 90
days I'm sorry I'm a real fucking
asshole you know meanwhile these are the
same people one guy really pissed me off
and then I went looked at everything
he's doing same dude that bought
somebody's $300 ebook on snapchat where
the guys stole all my content and
repackaged it for $325 business before I
came out and started being a pun dn't
like I David I know you worked like like
I loved it like when I started my agency
like I built an agency since I've been
running it for four years from three to
a hundred million dollars in revenue on
Madison Avenue right like that's real
think about this I already had money
when I started vaynermedia and because I
was running a business that I was
treating it like a business
we started out of buddy media's
conference room so I didn't have to pay
rent like entrepreneurs these days are
raising money getting all nice fancy
then they said they're just trying to
raise money for the next round they
don't have a business so I like the way
you reacted to the newsletter don't
worry about how I'm doing or anybody
else
everything works by the way not
everything works for you got it you're
welcome
