hey guys I'm Gary Vaynerchuk Gary Benny
Chucky the fast-talking irreverent
business guru who calls himself a serial
entrepreneur I'm a businessman
entrepreneur Oh
four-time New York Times best seller a
guy that loves to give keynotes no shit
your product blow you nerd stop watching
lost you need to bet on your strengths
and don't give a fuck about where you
suck at yeah I curse a little bit when
you fuckin subscribe and on this channel
you're gonna get my soup or show me
askgaryvee show
hi Gary hello Gary Vee hey Gary smart
stupid on this episode I have a guest
you keep asking questions I'll keep
answering them and daily be turning into
a few things because today and so
understand these deductions maple how
are you
we're putting out real fire she does
intense and if you subscribe right now
subscribe now you're gonna make me so
goddamn happy
so can you owe me at Gary at vaynermedia
not later right now you would make my
life so
