no slides um first and foremost I'm very
flattered to be here I think this is a
very powerful conference and what Tim
and crew are putting together here I
think is extremely relevant and very
very important and I'm really really
humbled to get this time to Yap with you
guys just a little quick contacts
because I know I don't have a whole lot
of time i was born in Belarus in the
former Soviet Union and i came here in
1978 when I was three years old my
family lived in a studio apartment with
eight family members about the size of
this couch and it was tough and we
worked really hard and my dad got a
small liquor store in New Jersey I was
very entrepreneurial lemonade stands
baseball cards all that stuff and then
my dad dragged my ass into the liquor
store when I was 14 paid me two bucks an
hour to bag ice for 12 hours a day that
sucked and eventually I started getting
passionate about wine because people
collected it and that's where I came
from so that brought me my interest I
launched Wine Library com in 1997 and a
lot of the talk about what social media
can bring to the table right now it
reminds me a whole lot of 97 when people
were talking about whether amazon had a
shot of winning or are these web things
a fad and i think why I'm here today and
what I want to talk about is how it's
relevant to this universe what what I
think is really intriguing is that I
built this large business grew the
business from a couple million dollars a
year to a 60 million dollar year
business in a very short period of time
leveraging web one point Oh lots of ads
having a site all that good jazz I want
to buy the new york jets and on my 30th
birthday I realized that I couldn't
because wine shipping laws in America
suck and I can't ship line to Boston or
Maryland or many other places so if
anybody in the room here can fix that
that'd be awesome but what I what was
interesting was i turned 30 and I
freaked out because I didn't think that
that model would get me to where I
wanted to be because of the restrictive
market and I decided to build the one
thing I knew that could not be taken
away from me which
my personal brand and on februari 2006 i
sat in front of a camera and drank wine
for 20 minutes reviewing the three wines
and decided i was going to build my
personal brand by building Wine Library
TV somehow four years later hundreds of
thousands of people watched that every
single day it grew my personal brand but
what was most important and most
relevant to this room in my opinion is
how i went about building that brand and
why it's so relevant to elections to
this space to the transparency that
offers such amazing amazing opportunity
in my opinion America is right now the
brand that my parents were sold when we
came here from a business standpoint
which is where I do a lot of consulting
and where my career has led me to
entrepreneurs and business have so much
more opportunity because of the World
Wide Web the Internet the web the
consumer web is 15 years old it's only
been 15 or 16 years since AOL spammed
our actual mailboxes with a CD and it
has completely changed the landscape
there are going to be enormous amount of
people that win elections in November
leveraging things like Facebook and
Twitter and I'll be very honest with you
I could care less about Facebook or
Twitter I could get her absolute less
I'm not a techie the most techie I was
when I was 18 years old was I had Sega
Genesis and played NHL 94 I did not grow
up with an apple it was not my world I
am NOT romanced by this platform I'm
always romanced by the message and we
are living in an outrageously
transparent world you're going to hear a
lot of smart people the two ladies
before me were amazing you're going to
hear ton more but what I'm passionate
about in my short 10 minutes if I could
communicate anything very much like you
know the thing I'm trying to communicate
to my clients like the national hockey
league or Campbell's or Forbes some of
the clients I have with vaynermedia is
this shits changed the ship has sailed
this is here the ability for us to
communicate with each other is on like
Donkey Kong and that is absolutely
Lee fundamentally changed everything and
we've seen it change dramatically the
opportunities in business my web show is
watched by more people than are
subscribed to wine spectator and Robert
Parker combined I was able to disrupt my
marketplace in 24 months leveraging the
power of these tools and that was 06 pre
Twitter and I was scared to use Facebook
because I didn't want to be the creepy
old guy peddling wines to the kids so it
was it's very very important to
understand how it is such a game changer
and the ability for somebody to win an
election the ability for somebody to
rally a cause right now doesn't
necessarily stand on dollars alone and
money for the first time in a very long
time has been subsidized it's been
stopped and that is a very important
fact Hollywood how many of you in this
room know what the movie bow rat was
please raise your hands don't be lazy
thank you Sacha Baron Cohen made a movie
Borat very successful he followed it up
with a movie called Bruno it opened on a
Wednesday night it is the largest
grossing movie for Wednesday night in
cinema history the next day Thursday the
movie collapsed worst Thursday ever for
a Wednesday opening movie what Hollywood
knew was this if they threw enough money
at marketing they had to three weeks to
pull in enough revenue against that
spend and the movie could be successful
literally nine months ago a year ago
when this movie came out and they saw
those numbers there are thirty to a
hundred projects shelved because the
movie sucks and what happened with Bruno
was people came out of the theater that
Wednesday night and started facebooking
texting and twittering that the movie
sucked and nobody went and saw it word
of mouth is on steroids now things
travel and there's absolutely no hiding
there is no opportunity for a candidate
to have a more conservative message
within their state upstate and then go a
little more liberal down here because
every one of those talks are going to be
seen critiqued and
transparency is messing with people
because just like the brands that I do
work for and just like I did for a long
time buying full-page ads in the New
York Times or The Wine Spectator we have
all collectively been in the push
business for the last 70 and 80 years we
have a message we pound it down your
damn throat and you're going to either
accept it and I'll win or you're going
to lose now we all live in a completely
upside down game we are all in the pool
business and giving a crap and actually
caring is going to scale I'm writing a
book right now just to shut up everybody
about the ROI of social media once and
for all it's called the Thank You
economy if you are not aware if you are
confused if you're baffled or curious on
how leveraging these tools can impact
your business your brand your cannon see
your cause then you are not paying
attention to the way it's always been
how things shift people love to draw
lines in the sand please don't be lazy
on me you're leaving after this and I'm
not going over time like the other girls
I'm going to leave in a second so please
raise your hand how many people in this
room said the following things to
themselves I will never get a facebook
account please raise your hand right now
don't be lazy if you said that to
yourself raise them higher how many of
those people now have a Facebook account
please raise your hands how many people
said this doozy and some of your being
lazy so raise your hand cuz this is a
real good one you don't want to admit it
how many of you said I will never get a
cell phone why would I want anybody to
contact me anytime they want please
raise your hand don't lie please raise I
love the honesty this time thank you of
those people I'm just curious how many
of you do not have a cell phone do not
one oh I see it I see you nice work
we as human beings are very good at
drawing lines in the sand what I'm
interested in and where I always pay
attention to is where we drawing lines
and realizing we're going to cross them
I think this sector is the next line to
have a lot of jump over and sure you
know a lot of people talk about Obama's
campaign or I'm from Jersey your mayor
Booker's done an amazing job leveraging
Twitter he's like shoveling people's
driveways you know when they tweet that
didn't come doing nice things but we're
about to see a heavy movement it's going
to happen fast and quick and people are
going to be confused how it happened you
should not be confused we're living in
it right now and it's not stopping for
anybody I hope you have a great day love
your family
