on this episode we got shut down this is
private
okay don't worry we'll just send it all
right guys you heard the man we have to
listen on this episode stick with me
here we go to the gym with me all right
question of the day what's going on with
your workout regimen on this episode
hates visits me thanks for me on the
show me a success you very much by
people we're out we're trying something
new here obviously you're you're
recognizing something different in your
Facebook and YouTube environments I
talked about London cuz that's where I'm
at clean up guys on this episode I
invite the interns on this episode the
winners join me let's clap it up yeah
I'm Dallas Hutchinson's my name is
Winnie outfit I'm my name is Matthew
chain I never sneeze that was super rare
I'm telling you guys episode 12 I'm
telling you episode 122 episode 129 is
gonna have some of the great rarities
something to see all-time great moments
in the show's history on this episode I
have my dad join me I mean I'm very
proud what this family were able to
accomplish and what special what the
aerial AG I mean you know special kit
deathless spent all of them the thought
that you could ever complain about
success is so insane to me you don't
even to do stop bullshitting sleep less
fucking don't watch TV like I don't know
like don't make a video with Gary Vee
answer somebody's fucking question got
it pumps to be doing the show in front
of a bunch of the vaynermedia peaks
which is exciting for me black and white
very good hi Oh better myself I'm well
how are ya good I'm not moving Kira
let's go again sure you move
motherfucker go wise Isles on the bonus
question
on this episode I answer questions in
front of hundreds of my friends thank
you thank you for supporting the show
question of the day
