now look there when Dario yeah they're
letting down you're letting go yup yup
alright they're letting them up okay
how do you feel about that
what do you think when nobody's watching
do you rock but nobody's watching the
game winner okay that's like an all-time
favorite drunk brother
I've got Tyler was killing last that's
why then you got George we got we got we
knew
get up it
have a good day exit leaving basketball
early to go to your 7:00 3m 7:30 a.m.
business breakfast
like I just think you could sell
60 70 cases extra everyday and this is
time to do it this time people need it
client and employee gift
holiday
party
we fly it
first of all most I just want to say how
much I appreciate all the comments there
the Instagram photos around the show I
just I just really appreciate the
feedbacks incredible
Omar saying watching at 5:00 a.m. fire
fire I love that this guy right here
Brian be filled uh saying um love the
fire I love it too my man
so you let's see what a fat Cox is
saying here when I was running our
family hotel I would always give all the
dog owners a sausage at breakfast not
for them but their dog they loved it I
did it because I like dogs not to try
and get favorable reviews however in
return I had so many nice comments and
recommendations this led to new
customers
hashtag sausage karma comments are my
oxygen you know when you're putting out
so much content and you're playing the
long game and you're jabbing the only
thing that makes your jab sharp were
more importantly the only thing that
allows you to continue to jab is the
comments and so I'm very very grateful
for all the comments and the feedback
and the thoughts and the love that I get
to the Instagram photos on the
askgaryvee show pictures I put up for
each episode thank you thank you so much
it really it does help me to continue to
help you
Farsi magician
don't come in here
this may be someone's riding this will
be recorded for training purposes
more than half by more than
month-to-month knowing that's a bitch
he's the reason I was gonna work it's
religion yeah we've even gotten the
person started we had yep
great yar valuable content will always
win there's never a problem with the
volume of great content there's only a
problem of the volume of shit content
people people care about effort and and
actually giving crap and providing value
Twitter video is an incredible place to
do that and I'm stunned how many people
are not doing that for the communities
yes Adam that's a private label of wine
libraries Ian and I and Brandon really
worked on it and are in love with it and
I love the packaging Zach boy my my
designer at a vaynermedia put that
together and just been a lot of fun
super excited with the project Madi em I
really appreciate it
try and good content is subjective and
so the fact that you think it's good
means a lot to me thanks bro
good thanks so much for watching back in
a way while every two years amazing run
fix rediscovering me I appreciate it
respond say thank you for your attention
the only thing I don't like about the up
about the following me around
looked harder from doing it from you
know
nice to see it likewise guys no worries
I'm just going Jack yeah he's our
keynote speaker take over how much for
pride RPGs these are keynotes fees or
sneakers in the engine
can you speak of them imagine that
Magister
yeah of course yeah don't worry okay
Vogel bees are pleased to buy shoes my
man understand
indie rock yep they're not letting us
upstairs because I don't have to choose
doesn't sneakers Jerry get my key nut
job I'm doing a ninth floor okay so I'm
gonna take it through the back then when
you when you're done I just ask you that
I'll show you the way and then you just
come back to cover and jump out the
window
all right they're letting them up okay
here
our tutors are working with danger media
there is not a realer person in this
industry than Gary Vaynerchuk we are
excited to introduce you to Gary
Vaynerchuk CEO vaynermedia people
between by chopin's and remember ye is
the NIP high show viens and no half-ass
hands full hands and how many people the
screen have sent an emoji via text in
the last six months gum hold on hold up
I want everybody look around hold on oh
gee
I was meant to argument by the way if I
would argue that the farmer charge he
didn't even know what emoji was to 24
months ago yet you said what they're a
grown-ass man in here you said masked
man in here who sent a piece of poop
with eyes
you pissed I get when people say that
I'm a change agent or a destructor I
think I'm the most practical fucking
person I do the 1d right right yep it
was it was the right amount of f-bombs
hey Kim how are you why don't you share
it with her and tell her this is your
reality and that me you her Alexandria
Chris should all be involved in the
conversations around how do we deal with
this we run a business like you don't go
into Bergdorf's and say neighbor darts
this code is 800 bucks we're gonna give
you 600 that's the best part about being
a businessman there's a lot more
businessmen and women that are kept
grinding at 70 80 and 90 there is no 50
year-old athletes so like professional
so yes much better to be a businessman
as a proxy to your psychology your your
things that are brewing for 2016 so
something worth debating
I don't think anything is a good thing
or a bad thing I think you should spend
plenty of time with your girlfriend and
I think you should spend plenty of time
listening to my crap and getting better
what you should cut out is all the other
stuff like deep Bowl do you play games
on your phone are you watching house of
cards Breaking Bad there's other things
to cut slower guys put it sharp and get
it Pat me and want to give back yay
slower 16 16 that's us
they do they push it or did they just
say absolutely fly I love this
weight-loss thing good it was good okay
right yeah against right yeah I need a
coffee man attraction she came to us and
she asked us to do some research around
with Roma's team we work with the paid
team and came up the rationale this way
the rest of your life okay
I've learned something new about
Facebook once a week it is and I spend
all my day on that's intimidating yeah
and it's not as if we say Gary fire
something away like to understand this
machine it's literally 20 minutes of
Gary's time in a room for the show I
don't know yeah you never sound like
that that's when I actually have a
minute that's actually what I have a
half a second hey I need you for five
minutes for you swipe questions on your
a talk so we'll make that happen
oh I got a real curveball for you
I might have a shoe bomb that I have to
do or what ship a car
very few Toronto stop tonight okay great
how long until you working here month a
month working into here being here I
walked out of my office and I said let's
go film this show the askgaryvee shows
first episode happen at random like
we've done questions right there in the
room yeah on the phone oh I didn't know
that you actually you know what they
might get you know what for the two-year
anniversary we should really maybe make
a move like we should maybe do what
we're doing right now as a story pal
hell it even happened anyway is that the
camera youth for the for them yeah
really I was ready to give him a
thousand bucks which a thousand dollar
question I live I'm gonna give you the
money
oh shit I gotta leave yeah I'll ask her
G what I see you shooting now I was
going to but we're at okie-dokie
that goddamn camera
if the daylight middle seat boom I like
to see that's good
now tell them I tell them why would I do
the if we don't have something that's
meaningful that's stupid and they need
to do it like what do they do you reply
to them CC me and sit and say Gary just
ballistically said no why when the
moderator is the ROI of the rationale
otherwise who gives a rat's fuckin ass
you're you're you're in the dead horse
business you have to be dead horse
that's how you wrangle me I'm not you
never have to add yet again
yeah guys pen no matter how much in tag
what's going on to the $250,000 in books
and it will be on the backboard
one player
and you if you want to sell to
millennial moms like TV stinks because
you have to go vanilla and Facebook
doesn't because I can put Korean women
in it and Korean women target it and
they'll come burn better that is
uniquely you uniquely you that you guys
can make that we can make 87 videos
mapping 87 significant groups based on a
magnitude of proxies yet that is not in
the best interest of Starcom mm-hmm this
just for education what is how are you
making your decisions as it efficiency
basis usually efficiencies very hires
Excel yesterday's comes as yes yeah I
mean anything that is less efficient
than a candy that is not overly that
dramatically important is stupid to not
fix if you can okay yeah so that's
number one everyone and they are yeah
8:39 I'll be back in the city any time
to like come and fish and hunt and I may
want posters or format approaches or too
fast
yeah Caesar salad I'll do I'll serve it
well I'm going on but if you're I'll be
showing you know statement I've got a
doc lovely man here are the days um my
iPad so let's walk through so he's with
the days I need more power you're going
to sit in there and you can plug it into
your laptop I fucking a lot of that
you and your sister here are the same as
that can be Anna it was nothing like
this art is so cool I got it you know
what's so funny about your signatures
now it's like I'm never gonna win that
you being like people don't think you're
that nice that's right
well yeah but nothing is like if I came
with that sort of it right yeah why
because people just are built to be
suitable or careful too good to be true
yes but I think you're also kind of a
hard-ass and people probably think that
you're not going to be as nice as you
are
you mean depending on where they capture
the context of me it may seem like I've
run through cold they never with you
like one-on-one in the conversation to
know how you like really listen they see
you like up unchanged like yelling like
fuck you this for everybody there's Gary
Vaynerchuk in there's Gary Vee you're a
woman that's next show me David
remembers with me um you don't need me
to print out this guy's resin idea just
so many unique marks right you know what
you can do for me make a list of things
that aren't gonna happen do me a favor
and this is actual real work so like get
into a good zone put on some beaver or
whatever you do in the next point before
fry before Saturday morning or well
maybe we do a call Saturday for a quick
minute I need to know what's not going
to happen and then look at what I'm
willing to like cancel to fit some of
that to happen
you
