Glenn asks can you elaborate on what the
middle is and why it sucks glad this is
a great question you know to me the
middle is the commodity work and
thinking that everybody else does
meaning it's what the markets doing
right now like it's it's one startups
push me we're gonna do something in the
photo app space you mean like
everybody's been doing for the last five
years it's it's commodity work you know
I think that if you're not trying to
break things you're not doing a good job
or back to clouds and dirt non middle if
you're not doing like you know so funny
I've SAT through four pitches today and
I've like two and one is because the two
guys are just doing the work they're
like in the weeds they're not doing the
big holistic branding thinking
game-changing stuff they're just
executing but at a raw level I just find
there's not that many hardcore
practitioners and there's even less big
where's the world going you know one of
those friends at the highest level or am
i doing the kind of things at the
highest level and so I don't really know
how to explain the work but you're
surrounded I'm sorry I don't really know
how to explain the middle but you're
surrounded by it ninety-nine point nine
percent of your life oh crap wait
subscribe do I need subscriptions
because I can't push this many right
hooks in social so subscribe
