okay so apparently we got to our
destination this doesn't look like some
Suzuki store to me what is good to a
squat uh how do you get focus there a
little bit
oh so I don't know if my last vlog
Logan's computer was a failure but don't
worry I still came in for the day and
saved it and that next day had to drain
the computer dissemble the PC go to the
store buy a new motherboard buy more
parts and put it all together in
literally two hours and saying crushed
it taking the past stepping on that so
he adds a new PC as you can tell it is
yellow not orange because when I went
back hey we're out of orange so I had to
use yellow everything's on ice see all
the fans work now what a thing new
bubbly things working I kept on how to
light this up and I'll figure it out and
then we take a look in scooter Oh so
hello even got this like epic mouse
keyboard type thing yeah I don't know
that let that go to PC I'm not gonna lie
that's why I'm a ps4 guy yeah it's a lot
of sexy Bueller's beautiful you already
know and I love you guys remember this
awesome but did give away a ps4 about
two weeks ago I'm going to ship that
today actually say oh yeah oh yeah right
there is also autographed and Dorf mama
black black sharpie and we didn't have
it so a sharpie here sorry yes the
winner was announced on my twitch at
door funds cool mom but where I actually
have giveaways on there for each
subscriber count' so after like 250
subscribers I gave away a ps4 the next
level is 500 which I'm pretty sure just
Pat also just passed 2 million
subscribers all of y'all I love you all
this is a big compliment for me this is
officially my biggest account of
following that I have so I just want to
thank everybody for that thank you so
much we only gonna go up more from your
going to the top no one's doing it like
us baby if you haven't subscribed what
are you doing Pro join the door squad
well you know what we're here for
embrace your different so you can
literally go to my twitch and subscribe
for free if you have Amazon Prime so if
you or your parents have
prime it you can Lily enter for free
what if free ps4 or if when a free
Monda who knows but yeah guys so I'm
gonna go ship this baby out pathetic
yeah let's get to it
Oh so what the car driving now yes
driving and vlogging you dangerous mom
dad sorry I don't think I've ever really
sent a package before I'm not gonna lie
I think it's gonna be my first ever
package 21 years of life I'm not even
joking so I guess I just walk in like yo
here's the ps4 here's the address
do you think FedEx that's what Lydia
told me you know she's a expert against
oh but yes sir let's show up in FedEx me
12 seconds later I saw made the FedEx
cut out ps4 with me let them walk in
here and do this thing I don't know so
we made it
bring down information now I guess they
go pack it back there suppose that so I
never asked for the winners name only no
it's twitch vinum twitch alright sounds
pretty simple too bad not too bad
so I had to put half of his twitch name
in there
I put like venom - twitch hopefully he
knows the temple whoa
back to FedEx yes I did change it to
some more comfortable Chloe because I am
about to meditate for the very first
time with my new roommate Spencer I've
never meditated before I've only heard
like good things about it you know it
helps you release all your like negative
energy and just all your thoughts that
are running through your mind just let
yourself like free almost oh I'm gonna
go meet up with Spencer and show you
guys us meditating so this is our uh
this is I guess my our I don't know what
and I'm he's gonna teach me about
meditation and like how to do it and so
you've never meditated never meditated
never in your whole life never I feel
like I'm about to just like learn
something like I'm about to open up a
whole new like yeah you're about to like
evolve yeah this is pretty safe excited
take yourself out of this planet
and you're in space there's no no it's
dead silent when you're here there's
tons of it is when you take yourself out
there's only one noise so it has to be
measured it's so sensitive and so quiet
that only very very sensitive
instruments can hear it and that's the
sound of own good have you ever heard
that where people that meditate they'll
go oh yeah yeah so the reason they do
that is because that's the vibration of
the universe
that's why it's so powerful so this
meditation that own is playing
throughout it's only a nine minute
meditation so try to focus
all right so we are headed to the Suzuki
store to get eight TVs for tomorrow
because we are going to going you know
Lydia is not coming got to you
Yosemite Park I believe as we call yeah
I never been anyway I wonder like all
where's Logan at I got in the car with
Lydia because you know I thought I
changed it up a bit you know how short
he we gotta stick together just in case
you know I was thinking that too anyway
he asked for you to drive separately
truck he can't pull something on like a
Nissan Murano boys go right oh yeah I
knew rod
right abode that slogan that all it goes
low
I think beggars are stuck on your
blinkers on
you like dance and ones left turns over
this blanket the whole time it's
stealing it Logan's like going at it
dancing in his blinkers been on this
entire time a few moments later okay so
apparently we got to our destination
this doesn't look like some Suzuki store
to me what is transmission no it doesn't
work here but I just don't
12 seconds later okay so at the store
can't really record so I thermacore down
here hide it well these are the bikes
that we're getting one of these one of
these and there's none the one back
there that's gonna be sick one thing
about being Dorf is you can record CeeLo
he can't do this gets taller so he's got
so he's got to a TV mini ATVs one mini
dirt bike and the guy hooked me up with
a free helmet too oh hey
Logan's buying it for you I was like no
I wanna buy it and he kept repeating
that and then at the end he's like no
just giving it to you guys how's the
site all right yeah it's got a free
house
so are they well second step is actually
the next day we're leaving today to go
to what's it called yeah to go to u7t
and stay there for a few days have a
nice camera trip and it was a surprise
for me what haters hear and learn his
love London uh-huh
London born and raised boy race have you
been camping before I haven't been
coming so I was like 14 15 and I was
like we've cups and scallops inside this
is what is that pretty tank compared to
what I think we're gonna be up to this
weekend yeah there might be like a maybe
a different type of animals although
there's different animals and different
compliments everybody full of it that
way oh you're earnest for surprise I see
hatin here but that is the ball thank
you very much makes you subscribe makes
you doing the door squat yo cuz you know
embrace yourself baby embrace your
difference that's where all the bow
don't forget to get your merch at door
for Mama - now that comm link will be in
the description this vlog was just
saying you know I'll just finishing up
Logan's
PC next fall would be pretty cool pretty
cool camping trip with Logan and got
them got them
I tell ya something what they say anyway
