thanks dad you best the world hey slow
down there you know what is good door
squat probably wouldn't want doing my
intro out here just thought I'd choose a
different change of scenery you know
it's pretty whoops that was from last
night but um yeah just three don't
background so today I'm about to go down
to the YouTube studio meet with YouTube
get some photo shoots done yeah let me
go down to the YouTube studio about to
get a photo shoot done meet with
businesses watch of ships you know get
with YouTube's good size I know with
like Logan's haircut and him going short
like YouTube freaked out everyone was
freaking out so I kinda like need to get
on their good side cuz I mean I got a
haircut but I don't know how they react
to it so if they're like oh good they're
cut did I feel like we'd be on good
terms
damn died I'll be great oh but if you're
not part of the dwarf squad bro what are
you doing yeah I see like what a lot of
you like watch my stuff yeah you
subscribe join the door squad man no and
he's doing it like uh no one's doing it
like Gus also probably like yo you last
fall use ended with like the same shirt
yes because I just finished my vlog
today doing this one now cuz you know
all about that grime baby videos but yes
same clothing but it's not that dwarf
mama gear and I go get that also you
gotta get that at your father Dahmer
sound a cop
okay now it's show time
whoa that was pretty fun um that got my
second outfit on you know looking
styling as always like okay so now I'm
about to do this like pitch interview
type thing for like company you know
that I can pitch into my vlogs I'm
really excited I love working with
companies and showing people that you
know doors use everyday products too you
know we're not different you need the
same thing as everyone else you same
products as everyone else is a really
cool opportunity I just want to thank
YouTube and Google so much for this
opportunity it means so much thank you
I'm loving it every minute of it and uh
yeah let's just do this interview eight
months ago I was just a sidekick if you
like me and sick of not since at the
store or you're too short to shave your
beard from the mirror because if your
razor well we are like me you're
probably at war but that's okay cuz
Dollar Shave Club is for everyone for a
limited time da same Club is basically
giving away the shower shave to new
members who sign up for only $5 the heck
yeah and your dollar shade box you will
receive one wipe Charlie's one razor
shaft one shave butter cream and one
Amber lavender body cleanser and four
disposable razors
all at just a low cost this offer is
exclusively available at
dollarshaveclub.com slash Dorf mama
again that's dollarshaveclub.com slash
dork mama honestly is just more than
just razors cream and all this stuff
it's a lot cheaper for me I mean I spend
40 50 dollars every two weeks three
weeks four razors and it
I've been looking this beard eye shape a
lot and sometimes I go to the store I
can't even reach something oh it's like
a struggle and I fall like that so
luckily I came across Dollar Shave Club
and came to me and convenient and easy
like I just sprayed up my door it's a
lot cheaper and it's just really
convenient I'm really lucky Thank You
advertised and added ok so anyways I
just got out of the shower and I used
the body cleanser that came with the
Dollar Shave Club box and I just smelt
rum right back not alive pie the best
knowing body wash I have ever used
but today me and Lee gonna go out I'm
gonna shave my beard I am going clean
shaving that is right I'm gonna use the
razors I got from Dollar Shave Club to
try them out you know see how they feel
I'm really excited but the reason I'm
going clean shaving because me Andy he's
gonna dress up as my dad I wanna go
clean shave dressed up as kind of like
you know like a kid we're gonna go
around and see how many things we can
get away with being my dad and I'm being
his son like me being a little kid you
know like I'm 21 now I'm only getting
older I feel like I'm not gonna stay
this size forever so I figured why not
give it a try you know let's go see if
we can get old off the kids menu pay for
a child's movie ticket alright let's
just get the shaving
so I finished up shaving here and I love
got a lotta spot and smooth the shape of
a bat it was actually really nice like
I'm not bullish you guys this is
probably the smoothest shave Lily I've
ever had oh my god this is that wasn't
saying I've never used this shave butter
before obviously I'm scared going into
it but dude it's amazing it's 1% better
than like regular shaving cream
but anyways alright we got this going
I'm gonna go grab the beard for me see
what he's up to and I was get this rope
so justified that leaks I told him to
get ready while I was on the way here
he's neither looks like a dad it sneaky
probably is pretty good at picking an
outfit I look like a dad I mean he
already does dad jokes let's go check
them out oh yo you put this butyl I
guess beard for you - that's my dad for
the day good old knees already go with
the dad jokes there's not a sticky one
that's great oh it's not as good 12
seconds later you got the shirt tucked
in you got the glasses you get the Hat a
beautiful day let's go that I'm really
glad I get to spend the day with you dad
I'm glad I can spend the day with you
too son
you're a great kid okay one mother
please you want a happy meal yes I get
one happy meal in Burns could I get a
happy meal but they are a hamburger
please no David I producer juicers you
like I will just you know give a level
BM
oh yeah apple juice to drink and no
pickle or onion on the burger please
okay apple slices or yogurt mmm apple
slices please and if you know now be at
you know to come up for you yes thank
you verb
best and old world never got a coffee
they are great coffee here
I got a hungry impatient kid in the
front seat down there your mother made
dinner alright so don't tell her I
brought you here and when she pulls out
her beef casserole beat it
alright I know you don't like it but you
know how much it means to her taking
their time it's an extra happy meal a
little bit more happy in there yeah
school I'm sure you are too you're a
handsome kid oh you sure do hello thank
you my son's goal of the appreciate it
have a good day the 99-cent store taking
Nicky whatever you are a kid yeah
doesn't have to stop now
dad what does the port alright son will
get it
there you get out Oh
- nobody oh we got to get home for
dinner but come on this point all right
I got here what what yeah
Oh careful
legs don't touch the floor when I say
hey kids close the old pigskin ah yeah
take a little little ball here yeah your
pop still got an arm backup quarterback
the varsity high school team
wow wow you're so cool all right here we
go
you ready that was a lot more difficult
than I expected it to be yeah here we go
what's that Dad God you're not in high
school anymore
Wow all right son i'ma throw this ball
and I want you to catch it and then try
and dodge my tackle okay oh all right
yeah all right good in that buddy
all right so that was a pretty fun
eventful day I guess so the pleasure
being your father for the day
no offense your party's one of the worst
dads of all time if you're good at being
one though anyways oh yeah you're good
you're good yeah but you got like a
little ggressive here and there I'm
trying to toughen you up kid it's not
easy see they could get a knockdown okay
I would say try these out see what these
do oh this looks fun look so late oh wow
wow that's a lot of fun on that stick
okay did you really break it oh wow so
much fine all right all right
whoa okay I'm back home today with a fun
day I had a lot of fun I want to thank
Nick for being my dad Arizona for being
my videographer and out-of-shape I
collaborated with della shape to bring
you this video and it was hilarious very
fun video I got a nice clean shave out
of it oh I should Oh BRR BRR face really
it's like smooth as a baby's butt
hitting it freely now I'm gonna go do
this photo shoot for Logan and his
merchandise maverick merchandise but
don't forget to get your Dorf marvel
Mertz
link is in the description you already
know you know else is in the description
that Dollar Shave go baby come on - a
club.com slash dwarf mama that is also
in the description don't get it get your
mama much get you down shake and I'll
see y'all in a couple of days your squad
toodles legs don't touch the floor when
I say
hey kids close the only ones that day
hey
a little father-son Tom Brady kiss
