one is good door squad this weekend is a
very special weekend for me I am turning
the big two what that is right is my
21st birthday this Sunday to be exact so
to start off the birthday weekend of
Andy and I are actually going to play a
round of golf as you can see why I'm in
a golf uniform I'm spiffy we're going to
a nice play nice found golf
unfortunately this is very do de weather
then sunny these past two weeks and
hopefully says today that the weather
wants to be due to e okay if you're not
part do it squad well what are you doing
hit that subscribe button join the doors
feel it boy
no was doing it like us no well yeah
let's go grab my out golf bag and meet
up with anything so made outside I'm
with my boy but uh Andy will we will we
are driving to go there yo we're gonna
drive in the the cinquecento is pretty
small and we got to fit your whole golf
bag time small to decide that yeah but
this golf bag dude yeah it's pretty big
dude I think the golf bag is literally
the size of the car go clean it go play
let's go so we are at the third hole
actually cuz the first two holes we are
actually behind where they had the
Wildfire so there's a lot of like
construction going on out here
it's beautiful the Sun the Sun is
finally trying to come out a little bit
chilly anyone hold no more goosebumps
but we're gonna do some golfing today
get some POV action you know being an
assassin is like so good he's already
kicking my ass
it's good
I'm so rare you don't compare it's
really unfair I'm sure where I'm still
rare that's a billion youth and it's
pretty nice so nice I just cut some Jam
here far for 382 cuz we ain't playin
tips cuz wait that good and he's
obsessed with the flowers he's like I
want to take some back to me tomorrow so
maybe can you pass a faraway you hurt
your feet doctor shows everything I do
too sweet
all right so Amy and I had to skip up on
a whole we had some really nice people
on hold 13 yeah really nice people shout
out to people on hold 13 all right so
we're just about wrapping up here when
the last hole they're kind of like in a
hurry you know because a lot the filling
today no we got pinata birthdays
birthdays food a lot of prep ahead lot
of fat so I was taking it for this last
hole we do a little like a little wager
do I so that is the loser has to jump in
the pool naked while the winner gets to
post it on their vlog yeah about to play
the best golfer put my life yeah they'll
go pro art and let's see win little IND
how they know the best drive today
twelve seconds later I saw a lead ball
is right here my ball is now there the
aisle drove you already does oh no idea
Oh
music club
yours is not way up there on a Jeep yeah
yeah yeah does you got a bunker a funny
yeah well then hopefully he kids that
bumper Oh way over the hall he crushed
it
let's hope evan has a bad shot if not
Andy could be at all oh yeah oh yeah
right on the hole baby I know the grade
under 12 seconds later
hey you found it that ain't go anyway
fourth this for par yeah you're further
away no there's your fit we both drive
oh yeah this year for ya what you no no
no you wanna bump you want evolve you're
trying to cheat dry eye out drove you
second shot
my second shot my third shot your third
shot alright let's just say what you at
not sorry it one stroke down now if I
make this I went oh my god these greens
are terrible Lillie the worst games of
all time this is a tie but I think that
was this is gonna be the very thing
right now and we can switch over to the
regular cam now Weiwei's thought the
nice birthday weekend but today we are
going up to dinner at owls around 7:00 a
nice you know a little birthday dinner
and then tonight is when the party
really starts but as you can see you
know fancy I don't really on the wrist
you already know but I can't wait I have
a lot of friends family pets I guess
it's called yes it'd be a really fun
time I can't wait I'm hopefully I'll
remember it can't have too much apple
juice am i right kid so I should be fun
and uh Logan also has something planned
for tonight he's playing something I
can't go downstairs I'm stuck up here in
my room cuz he told me I don't know why
I'm go crazy here the what's going on
like this is great I'm really excited I
don't know it's playing I don't know
what they have planned got some lip balm
on here and uh show the road twelve
o'clock midnight
oh my god I am so tired right now
it is 752 right now it's the day after
my birthday oh I'm going to the DMV
right now to get my 21 year old license
you know it's like sideways and such and
I'm actually really excited if I can't
tell but yes I actually really what I'm
so tired to see but yeah let's all head
over to the car well just made to the
DMV and I'm not sure what's going on
about I don't you can see but there's
like so many people lined up outside but
yeah go my paperwork here and she'll get
this 21 your license twelve seconds
later alright so you wanna hear some
great news well apparently I should have
thought of this before I win you need a
passport and a birth certificate or like
a w-2 form in order to prove that you
have residents of the United States look
at me I guess it doesn't look like I'm
residents of the United States cuz I'm
hold or no I'm just kidding well yeah I
had to drive 20 minutes back home back
to the invaders to grab my passport
birth certificate and I'm holed up in
life and I'm so why awake right now this
is exactly what I want to do so let's
all just take a quick trip back home in
a quick trip back here and I'll hit this
over quickly done with alright time to
run inside
got it
right all right back in the DMP as try
and I do this again
eventually finally I want to know how
that it's supposed to capture me like we
supposed to say in there things right
there I'm clearly way below it it
doesn't make sense that was the quickest
time I've ever been at a divvy quickest
time I've ever been into a facility boy
that long about three hours three I have
I don't know how to take a test
I wasn't expecting that 36
multiple-choice tests going in it with
no studying no knowledge of it
whatsoever build the first time I can
only make six questions I'm mistake but
the second time only missed poor and
loved me they let me pass they're like
all right that's fine
and now I'm waiting for a driver's
license in the mail because they gave me
a temporary one one now with this whole
time just for temporary license and then
I get one later alright guys so the D of
you is a pain in my ass but uh Santa
Monica was pretty dope I got these do
best shades and um yeah I guess that's
the vlog but one more thing before
clothes look no one's here right now I
know and you know how like a lot of
people here during the day yeah with
luggage yeah I see you soon right yeah
I'll be back like you know three four
days baby no no no party will make your
pancakes that you like oh maybe we can
do like a cooking segment Oh like that
and maybe we could finish that bed we
made oh oh you forgot about that bad
date yeah I did it
yeah you better run well you can't hide
he's gonna do it he's gonna do the bed
alright guys if you're not part of the
door squad make sure you hit that
subscribe button to dork mom emerge at
dwarf mama down worse now that canonic
will be in the description crazy weekend
I'm surprised I remember it yes I'm
surprised but thank you guys for all the
birthday wishes or my Twitter Instagram
comments it really means a lot
21st is a big milestone but not
big is turning 25 get the rent-a-car but
alright guys I'll see you in a couple of
days I'll see you all I just said that
all right why no fizz
when I stopped go it always y'all got
them got problems
got them got them problems got them got
them door problems
fishing for the top got me falling like
