all right people finally at the multiple
trips to the store I have done it I have
finally built what's going to ask wah so
you're probably wondering where I am I
am in the room that's like the I don't
know the offices right there and this is
like a little hangout room and they got
a bathroom I hair which I'm using the
lighting for because it's very bad like
in this room anyways you're probably
wondering what's going on behind me well
as you can see it is a lot of
electronica partay I am actually
building my first PC I never build a PC
before I looked up how to do it I've
been studying I did a lot of research a
lot of helped a lot of friends also
thank you help me put like a little
GoPro on and showing you all the steps
of how I'm building a PC it's gonna be
sick not wait it's gonna be a pretty
cool ball but what about where no I'll
do this oh you got that dwarf mother
March that was right get your dwarf
Mamba Mauritius pie of get at dwarf mama
Dahmer's now calm link will be in the
description of course if I would have
been why of go to the PC I'm actually
building the streaming pc it's for my
like twist streams you don't want my
twitch it's at Dorf underscore mama make
sure you follow me it will be a lot
better streams a lot more fun and like
action going on also be subscribed to my
twitch I play with my fans who are
subscribed when ps4 or Xbox so make sure
you subscribe to much which because you
will get a chance to play with me and I
just ran it into this yes that's why I
saw the camera shake anyways last lap oh
do go pro each here in a single up
alright so let's start with the
motherboard the motherboard is basically
the chain that binds everything together
like the nervous system of the computer
it's like everything connects this
basically this is where all of this
stuff is connect but I'm doing the ax
370 gaming 5 Awards pretty good
recommendation this right here this
little bad boy this is pretty important
this is the processor this is like the
brain of your system it handles the
processing of the programs and allows
you to run heavy loads of programs yes
that's a processor yeah yes miss
the RAM it allows your processor to
complete its task and it handles your
day-to-day tasks so when I open these
bad boys up slide these two in here
I have make sure in their lot those in
there and now we basically put the
little board yeah so now that we got the
motherboard down Zana
my camera's dead so I things to go pro
audio but this this is the power supply
it obviously gives everything the juice
and the power needed to work put the
baby in his slash button alright so now
it's cooties in here bad boy out
now he's got like you mean it's like you
know like memory cards you can say we're
going all your footage one of these
these babies you pour this little bad
boy you must be 30-plus into here now
install the graphics card so your
graphic card is like the most important
piece of your system it handles the
processing of the images of the game it
like allows you to basically like see
the gaming watch the game I'm gonna
install that now yeah this is a gtx 1070
i actually
screw back or hip then I plug this red
wire good timing pull this went right
red white blue awesome okay now we're
gonna install the water core which like
keeps the temperatures low or nothing
overheats obviously like without sir I
have a Nhu 12s yeah make sure it's gonna
get this up baby yeah so your coolie fan
base is equal to your processor we can
take these little black things off put
the fan there there one utility later
alright people finally at the multiple
trip to the store and I have done it I
have finally built my first PC oh my
gosh it is looking magnificent gotta fix
up these wires here you know
make it clean clean it up I'm gonna put
it together and then we're gonna finally
see what it looks like when it's
completely 1% done awesome the meantime
though I have got my 32 inch Samsung
monitor of course that what they call a
keyboard in the mess it's about to be
legit alright let's put this together
that's there if you moments later
whoa alright guys I got everything set
up here yeah my pc that's bill right
here plug in that wall I got my nice
little monitor here am i set up now all
you have to do is just turn this power
button or and uh see if it works
okay Isis a little red button right here
maybe if I put that on all this stuff
will turn on so push that oh that is so
beautiful words let's get it oh my god
my first ever PC and I did it I built it
wow this is honestly amazing this is
saying like I love building Legos as a
kid like do a step up for that to build
a PC this is insane I mean so beautiful
I did this like this is insane
all right let's try to bring up with a
monitor here to see if it works a few
moments later I won't even wise light
out now I know I have a close of her
hair well that's because I had to wait
till the next day that actually finished
it I didn't know he also had to get like
Windows download Windows so I have to
download Windows from another PC and put
it on to this yeah little USB right
there that's my windows anyway yeah we
also got we have some board nighted
gonna play with my boys gonna stream one
here
II think my stream today actually ya
know what Josh that this is not a how-to
video this is just more of me like
putting together a PC do not use this
video too late to help you build PC
because I didn't do that
I like do step by step I don't know 100%
about pcs I'm still learning still
starting uni but yeah it was still
pretty really fun like I said look I
love building Legos it is like a 21 year
olds Oh about 21 yes this Sunday will be
21 no but very like 4:20 it's alright
that's 21 yet but that would be the
backdoor squad Brad what are you doing
make sure you join the door squatted
that's crap when was that 2 million
what's that to be described same to me
off for like 18 videos your wife bumpy
spit we all your baby but anyways guys
also make sure you copy dork mom merch
you only know plague is in description
dork mom without mercy I'll see y'all in
a couple days hopefully you'll see my
stream and uh yeah guys alright
toodles
when I stop go it always y'all hey if
you're not fired or squat back what are
you doing
