so I got to thinking that's pretty cool
Paddy's got there it's pretty
comfortable and it's not too small
or you know someone like me what is good
Dwarfs squat so two pretty big things
today one I'm getting another haircut
50/50 on whether to go shorter even more
shorter this time or just give a little
trim we will not know the outcome till
obviously after the haircut but yeah
could be another new man with two eyes
got texting will you're saying the
paintings already there frame ready to
get picked up I'm gonna go pick him up
today maybe Logan will come I don't know
but yeah that'll be sweet really excited
about those cannot wait how they turned
out oh my god just imagine the painting
of me laying across the basketball right
there and then the butterfly painting
and then the one with the moth of my
prey oh my god it's gonna make my room
look beautiful
anyways oh what's that what's that right
there oh is that that door of my looking
beautiful that is right don't forget the
copied or Flaubert so comfortable so
beautiful so different you get that
dwarf mama Dahmer now calm link will be
in description also and if you haven't
do an odorous fall yet yo what are you
doing wrong what are you doing boy hit
that subscribe button the door squad no
one's doing a baby no one's doing in
here different channels yeah I'm gonna
get my haircut or payment first don't
know yet yeah let's see what this next
transition will go and do oh my god I
haven't had short hair and how do you
know how long this is insane I don't
like yet a night but I think I do but if
you know why I am in the gym get my
swarm yep ain't about to workout I'm
also about to go get the painting that
I'm ready
hot dog workout so hopefully you guys
can see that that's pretty that's pretty
cool yeah but anyways let's do a quick
workout montage
oh yeah nice to get back in the routine
no working out it's nice you know just
having it literally right behind your
house and a completely different house
this is insane
oh yeah well freshen up shower if you're
ready for the day and uh let's go get
these painting a few moments later I
haven't really explained to you what
this blog is about to be about I know
have you seen that Logan's pass ball
we're calm got his own smash pass so I
got to thinking that's pretty cool
Patty's got - pretty comfortable and
it's not too small or you know someone
like me why not do a 24 hour overnight
challenge I actually got this idea from
a fan it was during when I was streaming
for tonight by the way if you don't know
my stream or twitch or anything about
that make sure you look me up on Twitch
at door underscore Mamba right now I'm
waiting for Lydia to get back to the
painting we'll check them out see how
those look and then I guess let's start
this whiteboard our challenge I've
really done this before I'll buy myself
I should say I've done mini with Logan
but I got some GoPro snacks I got Kane
he's like if I did ask someone to do
this with me I don't think they would be
able to because it wouldn't be that much
room it would be way too crowded but
yeah that's another reason why I think
this is cool is because it's only I can
only do it ain't no one else can do it
like I've been saying before who else to
do it bro know what so if you want to
see people who's doing it subscribe to
my channel because we're doing it so
buddy doing it so while waiting on Lydia
I actually want to show you guys
something I just got this brand new Yeti
blue microphone back yeah there it is
looking good I'm gonna use this for my
gaming videos that will also be coming
out on my youtube channel you know this
one same one so I can bring out more
content to you guys also start busting
out more videos we're gonna try to get
up to five and use a week three gaming
and two balls
Dom I think we can do it so uh yeah
let's go on wait Lydia hi guys I've been
waiting and not all day but a good bit
for my painting that has just arrived
Lydia picked them up for me than you
Lydia you're not here right now
fortunately something about these babies
and I check them out
okay
something ended up oh oh my gosh oh look
at it
oh that it's just amazing I put it down
here for a better view but look at this
oh the elegance the aroma I just I don't
know what if those are the right terms
but they sound nice now it's time to
reveal the second gosh this is amazing
look at this painting look at that ma
always brings tears to my eyes because I
have long hair nor the beard anymore
that's the piece to both of those well
the piece is just beautiful
I cannot wait to put these up are gonna
do that tomorrow stay with the cones
overnight smash pad challenge that's
also gonna do that tomorrow night I'm
sorry I'm late my got caught up in
writing music I do have a new song
coming soon I know but saying that I've
been working on a song for a very long
time I get it better and proving to put
a lot of work into this and I'm hoping
it just turns out great it's gonna turn
out grand doesn't turn out great but I
hope you guys love it I can't wait but
I'll catch some Z's and then I move on
to tomorrow
it is a new day right now it is 6:34 PS
I feel like maybe on us out a little bit
you're a little comfortable kong littles
next pan you calling you wanna do this
with me help me awesome a little bit so
yeah yeah I think that's yes yeah come
girl Bros here
well one another one that's in the car
gonna go get it I'm gonna set them up
get some sweet angles in this and then
yeah get ready for the I guess the
overnight challenge before I get started
here I have some resources with me I got
snacks
Reese's and Kit Kats ha PETA cuz I like
gaming I might get bored so why not use
a PS Vita music there's book I'm reading
well trying to it give me something to
do I guess when I start reading also I
get some pillows a blanket so what I go
to sleep I'll be comfortable but uh yeah
that's uh get started alright so I'm set
up nice and cozy in here we got a first
GoPro we have our second GoPro and then
now we have the vlog camera yeah
this is more comfortable I thought it
would be alright if I have Danaher
anyways I just tweeted send me your
questions to get a like a little
shout-out in this vlog if you don't know
my Twitter it's at dwarf underscore mama
yeah let's read some and uh I so this
one is from as Jin Fatima would you want
to have another dog I'm miss aria-live
I'm not gonna lie it that was how really
hard really hard to go through obviously
I have a thought about getting another
dog yes would that be anytime soon
maybe I'm not sure yet all I know is I'm
doing a lot right now I don't know if I
have time for a dog it's like taking
care of it child it really is I don't
know possibly possibly in the future all
this one is from Ryan Fitzgerald what do
you think about the Logan situation um
his his haircut I mean it was a huge
huge change it came from left field I'm
not gonna lie it did come from left
field it was a big shock in my surprise
that I went viral no cuz when I first
saw him I know he was it was crazy but I
kind of like the new look he's got that
high res the rapper when we gonna link
up on a record well alright you know
Torquemada you know it has to spit some
bars so whatever you want to wake up boy
you know I can write some mean lyrics
and I get down with it oh my god I'm so
embarrassed
Orbis ducks underscore what kind of
camera do you use I use it g7 x mark -
yes g7 x marks - for my vlog this one
from sky WWE Queen 12 will you be making
a song in the near future
yes I'll be making many of songs and in
near future it's gonna be lit this one
is from at real aja 1025 how did you get
the mama part in your name well I am a
huge diehard combined fan and his
nickname is Black Mamba so instead of
Black Mamba I changed it to dwarf Mamba
because I wanted to be the Kobe Bryant
of comedy aka the goat I have yet to
achieve that by many years to come but
hopefully one day I will be considered
to coming behind of comedy and uh yeah
that's where I got ah this was from
goopes TV
gob Zee TV will you ever club with at
team juju he ain't playing the Super
Bowl so he may have thought well
me being a huge Steelers fan and a huge
Judy Smith Shuster fan I would be 100
down out to collab with him that would
be sick I did see him tweet one time on
tweet at me youtubers I should collab
with and like I tweet at an item up no
apply yet hopefully soon but yes that
would be oh how many is not allowed to
do horns Theory asked what's your
favorite food and what's your favorite
color my favorite food would probably be
burgers I've loved burgers only food I
couldn't get sick of burgers or like
seafood you know being from Maryland and
East Coast oh we got some good seafood I
like I like Oh somebody favorite color I
would have to say it's black yeah it is
black I don't know why I've always liked
it I thought was a cool color as you can
see him laying all black right now
actually all right for your question
that was pretty nice that was fun but uh
yeah time to move on to the PSP I guess
all right so that's pretty dope then we
lost one GoPro Oh
still got one remaining it was called uh
Carl Carl only he's coming 12 seconds
late oh boy come here okay yeah who's
that
are you on your first day are you so
you're Jewish oh good look at you're
such a cute dog oh he's a memory he
misses her Carl don't go anywhere
do this with me city why did this is
made for you bro he doing man this is
made for your brows first live is what's
the smash here oh you do it's very away
come on Logan's going no one's here told
me in you oh hi i facetimed see what
he's up hey what you doing oh I'm doing
an overnight challenge right now and
kongs a smash pay see yeah that's what
all the youtubers do dung I always least
afaik obviously is always real
I didn't think that went through but I
guess I could get up and cheat a little
and go and do that well you out why is
dark outside why oh damn well I'm
vlogging right now you know this is make
it oh my log yeah Roger you know I want
to get it like a genuine reaction finish
just go to bed oh yeah I like to go all
right so now snacks here starting a
little hungry and this light is also
really hot I don't know how to turn it
off this is gonna be an issue for when I
fall asleep I swear to God
don't you think I need the point get
yeah so I brought this book with me
didn't mean it 1984 I don't know I'm
really good reading it I lied someone
told me that's a really good book and do
you want to read it so I was like oh
yeah let's do that
read a book I guess all right that's
enough that all right
okay book great reading yeah hi guys as
you can see it is 1 a.m. now I am about
to go to sleep at the sack and then wake
up and yeah be a new day and I hope
finish the Detroit for our well it's not
even 24 hours but overnight challenge
and uncle smash pad let's go to bed
well good morning door squat as you can
see I think they're successful overnight
chalak connect is killing me though
quick that was my back neck is just
killing me all right that is the blow
that was my home overnight as you can
see it's not that comfortable we already
know the content baby no one else is
doing this who is doing this only if you
haven't got to do a father merch yet I
don't know what you doing make sure you
get that at door mama dot March now calm
link will be in description also I think
I'm gonna use more cuties like that with
my Twitter so make sure you follow my
Twitter at door underscore mama if you
want a shout out one of my vlog also if
you subscribed make sure you that
subscribe button
mmm nobody's doing it shot it was just
crazy right I was weird but yeah guys I
did it we did it honk smash pad you can
check that alright guys I'll see you on
a couple of dates dudes it's wide open
when I stopped go it always y'all this
is gonna be like movie first split
second
