do I do it I think I'm gonna do it it's
gonna be weird coming in with paintings
half naked of yourself with basketballs
and gold medals and a mall finish what
is good door squad that is right I'm
back in California the probably
wondering why how is he just gonna go
for Maryland back with no transition
whatsoever just like that well actually
do have some vlog footage from back home
it's actually a POV of me and my friend
playing hockey I'm not that good I won't
say on the best I mean I know how to
skate and sauce the biscuit in there but
my friend is obviously locked better we
will take you to that after this every
I've done so make sure you hit that
subscribe button showing the dwarf squad
we're doing it baby
also this pepper was ugly as hell oh
it's so embarrassing I know I have
involved in a while what like two weeks
now some events happen since I've been
going obviously Donald Trump told North
Korea to basically you know suck is the
Steelers lost in the playoffs to the
Jaguars how was hard I was devastating I
was hard to get over uh my roommate
Logan you got a new haircut I was pretty
big news that's pretty crazy that's
probably the craziest thing that's
happened anyways yeah let's all go back
to a past edit who part doesn't know
that future Evan we're gonna do this
so I sorry past Evan but uh take it one
it's good door squat I hope you all had
a fantastic Christmas New Year's
Hanukkah Hanukkah etc all of it it's
great I let though to go meet up with my
boy Travis we're going to play some
Feist walking that is why I had
wonderful cool gadgets here wait we're
going to put them on our head you see
from our point of view playing some
hockey I'm not the best alright I'm not
the best not going to stay on the best
of hockey might good I'm decent
I've never played on a team I wasn't
allowed to because I had back surgery in
the third grade and I wasn't allowed to
play any contact sports which sucks but
I still go out have some fun but uh yeah
let's go real equipped right
hi guys so I just picked up my good
friend Travis here well I got like some
GoPros and like we're gonna put them on
our helmet I'm on to ya cuz I'm
obviously better than you but he's not
I mean he's better than me he's a lot
better than me it's telling that like
I'm good but I'm not late like I'm good
for she's a bit playing pick-up hockey
see that's that's why I love it but
anyways yeah and we're gonna get some
slap shot get something like that
get some slaps good shred some gnar
salsa biscuit goat up corns get some mid
cheese action in there awesome there's
no video like there's no a head unit so
we'll have to late I got it talked to
ourselves it's like scary that like no
radio and you're driving alone with your
thoughts measure I'm like a car full of
people probably one other person's
awkward at least you have other people
someone can keep someone entertained
today like a third wheel with someone
though like in
like sitting batches for colleges right
right oh I just made to the rink we know
that for the locker room here boy you
try to see we got all girl but setup set
the little GoPro device here put that on
hat deliver this a lot yeah looks good
it see how it looking all its looks
sweet makes my helmet like 20 times
heavier though the height so the last
time I was here it's actually a funny
story he was here too well playing this
game what's the call what I don't know
they saw you just shoot out the goalie
talking to rebound anyway some dudes
shot it head off the pose hit me right
and this to you that was already fake
before cuz I got hitting this tooth
again before nearly sliced it in half
and cut my lip here's the picture from
that yeah pretty gross alright but I
yeah this GoPro line down here and I
better go on the ice I switched the
GoPro
yeah
oh just take a little breather right now
having done that a while there's also a
lot of people out there it's harder
recording alright guys have what all now
to go back
hello darkness mom well this look sums
up how I feel yeah I think is this
lightning I look pale yeah I'm pooped
out but uh but again some quality food
right now to do dish in me and him and I
get some Taco Bell let's go let's go
okay so do you remember the pictures
that were painting for me um like funny
half nude photos um remember anyway I'm
going to get frames for them today at
the store I've never gotten frames for a
photo before let alone a big-ass
painting I'm well aware that it's
decided me I'm gonna try and carry these
frames out of the store yeah it might be
a challenge I'm not sure which store
either so I'm gonna have the Google
frames at stores stories of frames
before we get the frames that's the
measure out the length and the width not
sure if we have any tape measures or
anything you don't know it's in this
house you don't know what's not in this
house but uh yeah let's go measure it
and then I guess I I so I'm in the
kitchen I feel like doors like these
dudes like these like kitchen Troy you
don't really ever know what's in them
and usually 85% of time what you looking
for is actually in there tape measure
what I say let's get to marriage royal
I'm weird
so the first painting that I'm measuring
is the one of me Spain a basketball with
my finger with a moth over yeah there's
a soap
next up we got the one me laying on my
side with my I don't know nice all
nice-looking arm between my thighs and
another basketball with Deanne and you
know we got the gold medals but I yeah I
measure this one tell
oh all right got the measurement now
it's time to drive the Beemer and I hit
the stores key all right so I made to
the destination and apparently some guy
named Michael might have some frames and
such so I'm gonna go check it out try
and carry two big-ass frames out to my
car I really wish I had a cameraman just
so you guys could see this hashtag door
problems
12 seconds later all right so they have
custom framing right and in order to get
a custom frame I'm going to have to
bring in my paintings well now my
painting is a painting is that someone
paying for me they gave to me let's give
it to me do I do it I think I'm gonna do
it it's gonna be weird coming in with
paintings half Nick of yourself with
basketballs and gold medals and a moth
and you just butter yeah I guess gonna
go get the photos back ticket old
Michael right so I was thinking if I
walked into a store with half naked
pictures of myself and asking to get
framed that would be weird
so I got to use my noggin I was like why
not pay someone to do this I thought no
one better
yeah yeah it would be like damn and
they're gonna realize it's like the same
person each one yeah she's like yeah
this girl has a weird obsession with
this guy anyway my battery's dying he
was $100 then here's my credit card
yeah you get the credit card use the
cash for the photos got it I thanks
Lydia if you moments later
so Lydia came back gave my credit card
back but um she said it will take a week
for them to completely finish the
framing of the photos I didn't know
who's gonna take a week it sucks but
pretty excited I don't know what exactly
what they're gonna look like I trusted
Lydia told her if they look dope then I
trust her taste hopefully it's good yeah
I guess better wait a week now
sucks all right my cart now oh I missed
this baby so much it's so nice to be
back
uh-huh
guys that is the ball I'm actually
headed right now it's the best by to
pick up a capture card now what that is
is I can record gameplay when I play
video games I can record that and take
the recordings from a ps4 and upload
them to my laptop so I can get them
edited so I can dish out more content
know videos gaming music videos vlogs
you know everything boy because who else
is doing it no one also don't forget to
get your dwarf Mamba marks oh yeah dwarf
mamma Dahmer's now.com yeah we got
jerseys we got hat we got sweatshirts we
got t-shirts we got everything
well not everything but you get the
point so like you said before don't
forget subscribe join the door squad
make sure you follow my twitter at dwarf
underscore mambo instagram at dwarf
mambo twitch like my twitter at dwarf
underscore mambo but yeah guys my next
phone the painting should be ready just
about I see y'all in a few days
wide open so when I stop
