I did get a haircut obviously you saw in
the time-lapse I mean I kind of like it
it's short they're shorter shows a short
skirt dork squad no getting used to the
no beard little weird looking but today
I have a friend who's actually in town I
think you met him before he was in my
last vlog when I was visiting college
and home anyways names Matt begins I'm
gonna go pick them up we're gonna have a
day together it's gonna be wonderful
show him a good time in LA I think it's
his first time
I don't know gonna have to ask him but
if you're not part of the door squad yet
what are you doing bro hit that
subscribe button push that notification
button on so you know my blog beat black
guy weird mood this morning how's the
eye
let's go kid yeah what is good
I was my boy vegans oh yeah well we have
enough work early I don't know yeah in
and out this is your first time in LA
yeah yeah yeah Meghan's nomads in and
out before I'll have to have it in and
out and he's about to try that's scary
it's really exciting actually exciting
of called trial 12 seconds later guys in
it out man take his first bite here we
go on a scale of one to ten remember
forever reset this is getting intense
hey what's the ten what is it I don't
know what it is never had a touch is
that like your eyes you ever yeah it
sucks guys I'm sorry
I saw all right you know like the five
not a big fan five or four to ten I'm
running down on this one Wow
he said there burr came fries any better
me money just a few moments later well
already about the drop Meghan's off I'm
about to go check out the high would
sign he's here for vacation and family I
only as a point family's important it
was nice seeing you boy I see you in
Maryland yeah
I'm Becca marrow tomorrow
a fight at 7:00 a.m. so wait what is up
guys it is 502 a.m. in the morning
obviously I'm about to go and get on my
flight back home the Maryland hi I'm not
going to bed yet so hopefully I could
sleep on the flight the whole time yeah
so I see ya at the Maryland oh I'm so
tired
also what am i way Donen eat this jacket
got that door Marva Murch baby over you
dwarf mama calm don't fit oh oh that
dwarf mama bird baby dog bombers now
calm let's go I see it's weird I'm
whispering right now because I don't
know how out I can be it's like 5:00 in
the morning it's awkward so uh it's
gonna call her we're gonna head off to
the airport
alright so today's the big day is about
8:30 a.m. gotta go get this haircut
pretty early for air cut yes I know
where's the piece of this hair you were
nice dude nice why about the past I'll
also get the haircut so uh let's head
over
oh my god way too early for a haircut
luckily I'm not driving now I'm actually
here get the meter for the first time
with my mother Carrie I can roll as her
name for the K very unique to you
recording me fluid my hair cut sorry I'm
driving I can't really look do you think
you can't hold a camera and just hit
record yes I can't know what a camera in
that report
hi guys back in my room back from the
haircut and as you can see not much hair
coming in the back
nope what are you doing I'm talking no I
did get a haircut obviously you saw in
the time-lapse I mean I kind of like it
it's short they're shorter shows a short
side yeah let's do the big reveal
oh sorry it's a little bit messy right
there look at this if you don't think I
got a lot taking off your clue you
either not a girl or you're not a girl I
mean girls get like two inches off and
it's like us guys
well like you got a haircut and they're
like yeah so much taken off I actually
do get a lot take it off it might not
seem a lot but I think I keep this look
a little bit short I think I'm gonna
keep at this link I can't do too long
man too long it's annoying it's too much
to take care of it's really like a child
again out of the shower I take like 30
45-minute showers just because of the
damn long hair but now I'll take like 15
20 maybe even ten but you get the point
well anyways but they hit the sack I am
tired as hell I'm gonna go take a nap by
the word gently gently I'm jet lag I
really hope you guys like it like I like
Elliot life we get hard to use too I
guess can't wait to see Louis reaction
when I get back it's gonna be a while so
I could see Logan well I guess yes I'm
in my car this is actually my very first
car I have a purchase yet this is her
the old dwarf mobile both wagon Passat
baby this is my Brandi oh for Volkswagen
the war Passat even though the same
thing anyways I'm embarrassed but uh
yeah got the classic pedal extensions on
this one
be she's moving back there cupholders
down yeah what's plain to someone using
this before I think someone was using
this while it's going anyway tomorrow
was 15 years old pay for half of it I'm
proud I was hard-working at it I'm still
hard-working just yeah ain't about to go
to Best Buy get some GoPros not some
GoPros just one because I'm going to
play ice hockey Friday and I'm gonna be
wearing like a GoPro so you guys
like my point of view playing sports and
not just for hockey I can use this for
many things from my point of view so you
guys can see from my point of view for
instance when I'm talking to log in or
I'm walking behind them any farts in my
face you guys can see how I can how
really impacts me anyways I'm also going
to this salon to get my mom her
Christmas gift $200 gift called you this
salon I can't wait for that yeah yeah
let's go get these GP twelve seconds
later alright well just got a GoPro Hero
5 I think it's a good one
alright one I don't know I never got a
GoPro before hopefully it works
hopefully it's good I think it's good
anyways um now about to go and get my
mom's Christmas gift and be self doing
let's go get it twelve seconds later
whoo just like that mom here is your
Christmas gift you guys might not think
this is law it's Lily in her favorite
place gets her hair done a lot and for
women getting your hair colored and cut
and whatever y'all do it's pretty fun
$30 for a haircut I think I'm paying out
the boss to you for spending so much
money on your hair invest a lot of money
in here but I hear you mom Merry
Christmas I love you I got my dad a gift
on any um that's in the mail it's coming
yeah I don't think I'll be here
alright let's go back alright guys so
that is the vlog so just gave my family
their gifts the reason I didn't vlog
eight is because I'm with my family I
don't know is the special time but
anyways I am about to twitch make sure
you follow my twitch by the way dwarf
underscore Mamba Twitter dwarf Mamba
Instagram dwarf Mamba but I hope you
guys had a wonderful Christmas a
wonderful New Year's I hope you got we
all wanted I hope you had a nice time
with your family don't forget to copy
dwarf mob emerge dwarf mama dot
marshmallow calm if you want to spend a
little Christmas money you know and uh
the next vlog is gonna be sick I got a
GoPro got some nice footage it's gonna
be amazing
all right guys it's doodles white
officer
when I stopped going I was y'all
