I haven't told them yet either they
don't know so yeah I'm getting both you
haven't told the dwarf squad I haven't
told the doors class and get both your
reactions if you just got my last fall
yes I'm in the same clothes anyways
today I am shooting my post load parody
video I am a boy nick is helping me out
the reasoning is over there because he
has like this pimple yeah well it's a
spider but anyway zombies they kind of
embarrassed so you might be far away for
this wall oh my god oh they charged up
ready to go oh these things are probably
the dopest purchases I have ever done in
my entire life like tears were brought
to my eyes
maybe not but sit we're gonna load the
mini Yeti in the roller boy and I get a
single Road let's get high so we just
made outside person who's directing the
music video his name is Justin Escalona
you might know him he has YouTube just
gonna obviously waiting for him to come
down right now and send us or not all
right so I got my girl Maddie here she's
about to braid my hair to make me look
like mini postman without to be lit
let's get to it
well seconds later I got a buddy he's
great with cars thousand what's about to
happen it was a good car
slow-mo right now Oh your boys back back
on that g7x leg oh it's so nice to have
a camera now new it looks beautiful
gonna take care of this one I promise
well a little Christmas shopping myself
and I bought myself a little something
something I just bought an Xbox
yes I'm usually a ps4 guy but it's got
the Xbox r1 x4k go be with this is not a
brand deal Microsoft Bill Gates you're
owe me money I'm gonna twitch for my
xbox now also if you don't know my
twitch chat dwarf underscore Mamba you
can see me game interact with me you can
even play with me if you subscribe to my
twitch and uh yeah I don't know so the
doing some adult lately as you can see I
got everything all planning out what not
also we didn't know the news I have
merged I thought right now you got the
cartoon version of me that you see in
the new music video you got to just
regular Mama's snake we got the dwarf
smash
here's another mama snake t-shirt we
also got that Mama Jersey but on the
backs to test yeah Dorf mama lady got
one half it was doing it who's doing
this no one join adore squad get you
merge or mama dot merge now calm link
will be in the description also we got
my twitch setup here you already know
which twitch twit in the background we
got the Merc showing awesome Robert on
my music video tomorrow the post Malone
one also I'm going back to Maryland for
Christmas on the 23rd and that 22nd I'm
doing something pretty big not pretty
meaningful a big big for me I guess I
don't know anyway I'm gonna break the
news to you guys and Logan at the same
time his reaction see your guys reaction
well I'm not gonna see it but you guys
gonna probably have a reaction out yeah
let's uh go wait for look a few moments
later alright so he was little game and
um I haven't told him yet either
so yeah I'm getting both you haven't
told the dwarf squad haven't told your
squad and get both your reaction file
away the paintings that's over 20 first
correct I have an appointment on the
22nd oh so the 22nd this and this off no
I'm going to show a hair clean shave
handsome look you good what I like this
over this one
you good no you sure yeah here's why
this gives you like it's just your brand
gives you that edge like a spice people
want in a dwarf if you're not gonna be a
maverick you'll be a laugh like it was
that the act I want it like one thing
very clear why I just want to say a
hundred percent I don't support you in
this move until you actually like I love
this dude you're perfect you're
literally perfect always like throw it
back that's the thing no no you can't
know you can't won't go back over like
my man says he wants to go handsome for
a bit and I'm just begging the question
what if you're not like where you cut
your hair
yeah weird you cut your hair you're like
damn I'm still not yeah
cancels all value heightened attitude
it's a mind somebody next thing oh he's
a part of the best brace of all time for
me for me actually but that is a wrap I
have done my post Malone music video
that will be dropping on Christmas Day
just super 25th 12 a.m. here's a little
15-second preview wide open
when I stopped go it always y'all you
ain't gonna see me like a job
I'm either mages and the metal that I
want
but now I can go straight this grizzly
beard off I'm done with it is itchy it
is annoying I hate it and then by my -
the hair - how are we going soon so
let's go see what I please shave Evan
it's gonna look like did I make the
biggest mistake of my life or do I
actually don't oh my god I don't know
but I feel wonderful I feel like I've
lost 15 pounds it look like it - the
beard was just getting itchy man dad -
go how'd it go soon this long hair also
needs to go soon unfortunately I'm sorry
guys oh my god like a totally dipping
human being this is weird man make sure
you like it subscribe join the door
squat broke just dork mom emerge link is
in description dwarf mama da worse now
girl next to go is yes this hairs going
to be short hair Oh tub I am going back
to Maryland also in two days and also a
little gift we all host blow music a
little drop in December 25th Christmas
Day
yeah don't forget the chicken that out
don't forget to follow my Twitter
Instagram twitch and the next video will
be the music video so see you guys in
today I'll be in Maryland sweet I why
not
when I stopped going with always y'all
