I also have a very very special surprise
so you remember about like for vlogs ago
about that surprise that came out like
three months ago well it's coming out
now baby great lighting / this Christmas
tree because you know where we are
because it's that good as yet but happy
holidays you guys say that happy
holidays again yeah there you go I
opened up a Niko's place I've done this
before the only two places in that it's
either Logan's house / I guess my house
and or Niko's place so we get worked on
since right 24/7 always always Oh anyway
so I'm gonna give you guys a little
sneak peek of what we're working on like
the postman parody song I told you guys
about before so my cranium parody song
from posting loads white iris a little
10-second preview yeah it was that
I'm gonna guess it with you yeah well
unique attack I killed the game with
this mixes we made it sound just like
the actual song the pair they know this
remember but yeah the pairing song is
white Iverson it's called white dwarfism
so why don't we so when I stopped going
I was your yeah anyways yeah you know so
that's why I have the mini Yeti and my
rolls-royce for the one did I come in
it's coming today oh yes that's this I'm
gonna go and uh get my rolls-royce one
know when it comes bring it over here
driving up over here go for a drive or
something yeah those crews what we can't
at the mountains to these wildfires
facts no I got to show you guys when
we're Oh anyway guys putting it back to
work see y'all back to the house Oh
back at home I got the package let's
open up this but see my rolls-royce my
$500 voice well yeah let's get to our
unboxing
oh this one's a two-seater
Lydia may you come out of this one
definitely now to put the final piece
100 this baby
Oh white Rolls Royce out you start up
open the doors
Rolls Royce tonight baby we're out my
friend Sam here we out here my friend
clay he's out here he's got a beard he's
like 50 I also have two of my boys from
Canada there's an evil one drew release
whoo leave suck
and then what's up you guys asked about
my family and such this is one old dick
this is my brother Ryan house kid he's
fires older than me cause yes he's
average height I'm into work and he was
the lucky one but um I also have a very
very special surprise all of you don't
know what it is either
so you remember about like for vlogs ago
about that surprise that came out like
three balls ago well it's coming out now
baby
all right here baby
oh yeah dorababu's Burt calm down
everyone
it's two great ears calm down y'all you
calm down
wow I look just excited to stay over but
look at Z yeah yeah appreciate always
fit youth media but go ahead but the old
school you're honestly right there
around the neck it's a new look exactly
oh it's great next we got there's normal
20 the mama snake oh that looks great
looks normal then we got the ladder the
perper sure this is pie my family one
quart Jews version
of me oh sure and then going back to old
vine we got your table you get one you
get one you can get those at door 4.com
flash shot oh yes that's right Marsh
Chuck
it is out go to link in description I
tore my mic on slasher check it out also
Dorf problems is back up or and Spotify
make sure you go give it a listen
also make sure you go follow my artists
playlist in Spotify and it will be in
the description go get a foul it has all
your greatest hit music you like artists
that you don't know new artists it's
just great music all around go give it a
follow oh you probably wondering why I'm
in Pittsburgh I'm actually a huge
Steelers fan of penguin-san if you don't
know I'm here for the Penguins game
that's night we'll see later in the vlog
also go to the stewards game they got
four tickets my Canadian friends
actually have yet to be to a American
football game so can't wait for that
also gonna go meet up with my parents
all the friends that came and it's just
going to be a great weekend overall but
look how beautiful it like out I love
nature and this view is this beautiful I
don't know if you can see like what is
boat look how wrong that boat is as I
say this is such an industrial city I
love this city five my favorite city
literally involved our great great city
great all around but I don't know to
scrumptious in the nude or mama shirt
and a logo on the back you got the one
half door mama oh this is comfortable
I cannot wait go back so look inside
here Dino
we're let's go
we made it here well it is so oh yeah
yeah baby
it's amazing I don't like in America in
America not even I've seen Buffalo game
that is the cat sick you love the arena
you love the arena great and it's just
easy this you already know this is all
right so we out here it's in the first
period any of the first page no no we
I'm with Lily with three leaves barons
just me I'm the only painless fan but
unfortunately they're down three nothing
right now
school year clean out there Ethan you're
Canadian
okay what's the worst lead to have at
the end of the first period three not
photographers pretty great not the first
people to squat that the first period
screen of injury I'm so called for a few
moments later
yeah
let's go alright so it seems a third and
unfortunately itself fortunately it's
four to five we're down a goal but down
screw now we're about ten second to
start out we're trying hard right on
this list 15 minutes left never met them
winning I'll put money them yes Joe
let's go
well peg was didn't win that's why I
didn't really blog after game how to go
out forget the loss thing about the next
day oh my god hate was doing how do you
want to you now we don't hate you but
hey dude you look nice in that Steelers
Jersey after today oh I think you do
what do you think no I got a be out here
this junk
yeah beanies beauty squad a little steel
plate at night it's nothing it late oh
my god it's so cold here like I do not
mr. Cordell I do drop this to court at
all like I could be in my shorts right
now and no shirts so cold
anyway Sanskrit get your dwarf mama
March that's out now the surprises here
baby
we about to take over the game only
Dorval you're doing it was doing it
let's go how so guys if you ain't
subscribed yet make sure you subscribe
join the doors guard doing the door
squad we're always so wet wow wow you
make sure you turn your notifications on
so you know with my new blogs are live
Twitter Instagram check out my Spotify
playlist yeah I see a couple days
this is not attached anything you do it
