so as I was trying to start it up it
wasn't coming up on the screen and I was
like oh that's weird everything plugged
in right everything's connected right
what could be the problem one is good or
Squad I am out here on this ugly-ass
balcony you know with knowit furniture I
mean this looks depressing we got trash
Oh cuz I got a new desk see how that new
dad's you know from the last long but
yeah trash it's just depressing out here
good day even though just started
because I had two rehearsals today two
three our rehearsals three hours of
driving on top of that because LA
traffic he hosts the best face I'm about
to head to electronics store again I
think you guys do you like trunk store a
lot of feel like but this time is not
for me this time is checked for Luke and
he's on he's gonna get into twitch yeah
I got Logan Paul into twitch I did I did
I did that
but yeah I'm gonna build his computer
for him too it should be fine and he's
gonna play some fortnight with me and
that's gonna be a great day well I guess
now great evening you can make it even
greater by hitting that subscribe button
in xx the door squad what are you
without your baby no one's doing it like
us no one who fought so much do it like
me I'll prove you that they're not doing
like me and I think I'm gonna drive to
the store to a fuckin is just gonna get
hectic but okay so I'm at the store
Logan literally just left me I don't
know where you went but I'm getting all
this stuff for him trying to get all the
top line stuff yes I got him he has
Billy no point I'm probably built for
him I'm pretty Stoke actually I like
doing this but I'm gonna get all this
and I let's get his the action so lager
you caught me at a weird time there just
a little deeper I'm getting a battery
for society now me I'm just getting a
battery in the batteries wait let's play
trust me of course I'm always with my
life you know I'm gonna make me the best
gaming PC I'm glad you say that because
if you don't I'm gonna kick you out of
the house though yes you know stakes are
high look at this smarter right yeah
because I like the way it curves bro
what's your log yeah what do you think
about the light curves on woman so I
like curves on my model
right right right that's good I guess
you could put that with gaming alright
so we just about wraps everything up
pretty much have everything we basically
need Logan's confident as always yeah
look at me yeah what's it to a channel
much which handle yes no I'll put it in
the blog you know trust me I know I'm
into a channel and it's Cheeseman you
can be fearsome after I build a bunk
seat for you love it straight up and
finish I don't have one here what am I
supposed to find one and you got all
your basic needs here this is literally
probably like $5,000 with the stuff what
do you think that end total is gonna be
I hope it's not more than $100 but I
feel like I'm home oh if your budget was
a hundred you're way off
how about this PC Evan is this one past
that's a printer Spencer Jesus Christ
with a input image this is literally and
I'm not kidding the payout probably like
$10,000 probably 15 how much but it's
insane take this look at this what he
doesn't know all right let's see whether
how much the final cost of a we're gonna
go ahead and keep the dog yeah we got
the 850 Wireless Astros here Thermaltake
Pacific PL 240 water with the water
cooler though I'm a kite tough power
grand series RGB 1200 W processing unit
zenith extreme gaming motherboard don't
you touch my mother
max blow gonna realize all that falls
you're out like $5,000 oh my god is that
your total is this the total bro he's
like halfway done get halfway done and
we're still gonna load up the cpu in the
DD mu TP ppu that's a lot
Wow about halfway done you want to say
that five grand Shane oh hey wait you
didn't get the big monitor blow and then
Mountain Dew please yeah
curved ultra light gaming monitor
brought to you by the same people that
bring you blow game low gang okay LG low
gang sorry
sounded like you just said this for six
thousand knows when I said five thousand
forty to sixty dollars thousand six wait
a minute that's not very loving Paul are
you is me I swear to god I got a
personnel check down on seven please and
then we're in the Blandin we're gonna
have to check this one out
it's me Logan here's my Instagram he's
clearly trying to pose as someone else
man
who would actually come in here and buy
$6,000 computer no no it's not just
again it's
alright so we just got back home and
check this out look at all this stuff
I'm going to build all this for Logan
because I'm a nice guy and um yeah
everything we should go good and I
really do Devon right now
nope on utility later not anymore
thanks here hey guys what's going on
well how you feeling my love Oh probably
like for a quick moment or two yeah but
not as much as I would like to love love
I would love to good cuz that's just me
honestly yeah I'm going to do like a
quick time-lapse of me building the
computer I won't explain it because
alright did a PC computer but so this
won't be like a little bit cooler I
guess but uh yeah today I'm going to my
very last acting class yes this is my
last for now I'll be done after this I
have learned so much from this class it
is a great class I like it a lot but yes
how we get me back into vlogging a lot
of videos coming you know cuz I'm going
to see I haven't seen my boy in there
it's gonna be so much to me so much
alright guys I'm back from my very last
acting class it is all done thank you
God but I did learn a lot it was a great
experience I definitely do not regret
taking it I definitely feel like a bad
actor already well as you can see that
with just about finished with Logan's
computer and so we installed the water
cooling system that is these two guys
here we put the tubes here that is the
processor the processor gets very very
high so there will be water filled up in
here it'll go along these two and end
today so the water would literally cool
the processor but I am gonna go to bed
now because it is 12:55 a.m. so I'm
gonna hit some sleep finish this baby
tomorrow thank you to it
all right so we got to set up hopefully
got the water coin and things up
correctly oh yeah yeah we don't
literally all this all the work will be
going out the window and we're gonna get
an alienware yes yes we gotta get down
so we're gonna put the water in now and
uh see what is there we use that other
thing that came with it it looks like a
in squeeze that looks like a little
thing yeah the squeeze bottle oh no you
take that off oh yeah you got and then
because we got to kind of layer paper
towels in their prime system right now
so he's puttin it Oh twelve seconds
later now I just got put this uh orange
water it working beautifully
you see every other day so it's already
filled up yeah we're gonna do it to my
kids about that so there's my tank well
I take a few minutes let's cut to this
being done twelve seconds later I
started bugging to the top here meaning
we'll have to flip this switch on so
some of the water can go through some of
the tubes these guys look I can't see
what it's doing so if it starts to you
know say leakage gonna stop keep feeling
it still hasn't even filled this
radiator oh wow making some progress
they're gonna I mean thinking what these
two things should be good no we're good
when this thing starts to fill back up
and dump back in that's what our goal is
that's a good that's a good sign there
all right twelve seconds later there was
a leakage problem but we caught it just
in time just
what about all the water is going
through redirecting around which is very
good sign no other leakages and yeah 12
second slip I don't know out here
because spacious and Logan's get worked
on the office but this is obviously
incredible Evan show these people we get
no it's oh I'm sorry no way step it's
truly incredible of it I don't know how
you put water orange water and that
inside of a computer it's yes
Lydia Scott and take that's no problem
what why like wait what's did what does
it do though like who was it like the
processors like your heart okay okay
yeah I know how I get a heart burn yeah
yeah Harper yeah so it's like a heating
up in this water it's like what's the
link just oh hello oh my god I'm already
bored wait yeah let's dope though not
very thanks I'm very thankful yeah I
shouted her twitch out you shut the
front door
you got followers you have your set up
over here right so everything's set up
we were ready to go hopefully it will
work when we turn it on it should work
nervous ah no man I trust you for sure
alright you want to watch the colors
anyone look at the screen which one you
just wanna oh snap he's gonna surround -
yeah like it's gonna turn on the monitor
to turn on a martyr first what I need to
do I found it Morgan we got blue eye III
now now we turn this bad boy on James
going to honor the slime blows up oh oh
snap I see lights
he can't turn on the motherboard there
yeah you need a new video card graphics
card
so what are we order and you know that
we're waiting you know yeah this one
just a little bit of a defective my
computer in order to welcome Logan what
I did all day all right so as I was
trying starting up it wasn't coming up
on the screen and I was like oh that's
weird everything plugged in right
everything is connected right what could
be the problem so there's a little code
that came up on the motherboard code
zero zero and we looked that up on the
internet and that means um well the
motherboard is defective defective so um
everything I did it I don't have to redo
take it out put another new motherboard
in and um yep that's about it guys all
that hard work and all didn't hours put
into it
go on that's why it's great build a PC
my bro literally my luck it's all right
now you can't just focus on the neck is
always you guys stay positive and that's
what this channel is all about you
embrace your different suga's all about
anything just do what you do and don't
let anyone tell you you can't you know
always prove them wrong if you're not
Lord scribe you know I know if that
subscribe button pearl join the dwarf
squad baby we out here - you're a couple
of days I don't know
got them got them door problems we
should boil the top got me falling like
he went to record and I elbowed him in
the head sorry I did a hard ball I
actually just did you like - yes so out
of focus right now okay yeah I'm good
