this spy like one of the coolest
purchases I've had in a while I can't
wait until Logan sees all right so um
yeah it's kind of dark out as you can
see because of daily savings kind of
right now gets dark early I've been
waiting on a package all day it's a prop
for my post full of parody that I'm
doing coming soon hopefully next week in
two weeks for now but it is a mini yeah
it's a miniature g-wagen Power Wheels
tight it just arrived buzz going
packaging so he has a a white g wagon
and a white Rolls Royce in the music
video for white Iverson so I ordered a G
wagon and a rolls-royce Power Wheels
like small couple hundred dollar things
I go like 5 3 miles an hour for the
music video and it's just so funny but
uh yeah let's go I'll box it up check it
out
Oh what deal I swear this way if it's if
it's black on here it needs to be white
hopefully these are just pictures it
needs to be white side yeah Lydia came
what is this this is my mini Yeti
box it
yeah it's just like 500 out yeah look at
this yeah see that doesn't make a car
seat but yeah it's leather head
everything never Sadie's bend it it's a
nice bit of my car look at this baby
though Oh fresh as can be and G baby
mini GT wagon all that my money's paid
off you already know oh look it's slick
I want a Mercedes baby yeah that leather
that's C baby push start
Oh yo how do you horses you think are in
there seven seven horses I think there's
about 80 let's try this baby out doesn't
work oh my god yes it does tell oh so
try it out yeah oh let's go
yeah please using right here you put in
an aux and plays music let's check out
this baby oh oh oh
watch out there's a wall there I found
another cool feature this car has I got
a horn yo the lights yeah it's fine
despite one of the coolest purchases
I've had in a while
I can't wait at the Logan Season 12
seconds later
this is amazing bro I know you have
pedal extensions on your car amazing
yeah is mp3 your hookup to play oh it's
not that loud though push the start no
new day it is new day and yes I am still
in the same outfit that was wearing last
night oh as you can see my greatest
purchase of all times right there
we got the mini Yeti and then we got the
real Yeti yeah this is amazing
oh she probably see this a lot in Logans
long so he did a montage with me and him
with the big Eddie
my own my own yeah fun really fun one
this thing is so like literally it's
like a mini any only one do an Italian
baby only one no one else is doing it
like me unique vogue see this is why I
love my vlogs that unique no one's doing
this no one you know someone who's
buying a $300 g-wagen we are you if you
haven't done it yet make sure you
subscribe hit that subscribe button join
them
freaking North squad was without her
turn on the notification button so you
know where my next wall come on I'm
gonna come out way cause if I see
Logan's first you get four I guess doing
too long a week right if I did every day
then we would literally have the same
Long's almost every day
