I want to show you guys something real
quick take this off my baby
looking so clean I'm so sweet what is
good door squat so today I'm doing
something special to my hair you guys
probably know who he is
host Malone obviously well today I am
going to get my hair braided like split
on both ends just like post Malone and
be like mini post Malone for the day or
week or I don't know but I really love
his music love his work he's really
talented he's amazing but I yeah Logan's
to come with me I've never gotten my
hair braided before this is never
happened before for me really curious to
see what I'm gonna look like Robbie not
good at all
but you never know but wait that part of
the dwarf squad I don't know what you're
doing make sure you subscribe hit that
subscribe button join the squad boy we
believe yeah I'm headed to get my hair
braided right now my man Logan drive it
how you doing on this is crazy this
we're never driving I'm usually the one
driving it's fun no matching Rolex is
nervous I'm just so he's made the shot
the salon I should say about to go in
he's a braids in my hair
if you moments later
unfortunately the lady that I made the
appointment to show up does it does that
makes appointments would you make an
appointment and she's the owner of the
sole owner oh yeah I was the only one
that could do it
and she gonna show up today she said
she's too far Logan picked up strangers
on the street and we're going back to
our place and they're following us and
I'm gonna get my hair braided by
strangers
there we go let me move this chick
because I want to make sure I do the
same part oh yo this is better than the
salon we were in problems you got the
vehicles you got hurt you got him yeah
some kind of Instagram star guys you can
follow him on Instagram at Logan Paul
this is happening no way you're losing
your hair brave virginity it's gonna be
amazing so you say you guys were headed
to an appointment in a cancer yeah
that's a fact
no tell us like I you lost $85 yeah all
right hi Suzy No
oh it's all good but thank you Susie bye
oh you look like such a pretty girl you
are did you see yourself doing this
today was in any world cool coffee later
oh you look like Princess Leia man I'm
sorry that's what you look like
evany Leia yo yo your son is giving my
dog a workout it's amazing no dude he
doesn't look tired at all dude that's
one saying he's 0% tired Lydia's back
she's got her events you know he's about
to make a run for it so what's going on
with the bridge what you guys doing he's
gonna do it and we couldn't do it today
so we were just like sitting there like
all sad or like damn we should just ask
somebody
no Solange braids no throngs braid
friends but like we don't we don't got
like friends do not a braid and if they
do that's not a skill I know that they
know how to do oh this looks good yo
you're starting to look like a fool for
that long right um define not that long
like more than 24 hours I was hoping for
more than 24 hours really not work yeah
you had to put it tighter dinner no you
would need to just because your hair
because of it being so fine you need to
keep a headscarf on when you sleep
like it on it looks good oh yeah because
he's planning to wear it longer than 24
hours he does need to do really when you
sleep it's gonna start coming on loose
oh yeah that's gonna be good right there
oh my god this is hilarious oh this is
funny oven I feel home you killed it
yo you haven't even looked in the mirror
yet you don't look yet I mean I mean
you're sure I know you should do it
right you don't need looks you're right
right now we're here bro got the cool
bus horn looking at spoof loggers yo
vloggers now both thug vloggers do drag
oh god they said that yo hilarious bro
no one no water I gotta do a can I do
this Lydia can help me
I don't think you have it on right yeah
I love you I know how did this I you
know how to do it I'm black she's got it
yeah
wait was the front yeah you did
lo you look as nice delicious not gonna
stick from Logan so you want to make
sure you don't I just took the medicine
I wasn't going down alone yo yo how bad
is it it's horrible
yo she gave it to me yeah now you're not
gonna get sick bro literally it's worse
than a shot it's horrible check out
that's horrible she's looking out for
you guys hard to get you both know what
if I turn to the side
yo shot like oh hey being healthy isn't
always easy but it's always fun always
boy
hi I want to show you guys something
real quick take this off post oh we got
the fur coat why not have a son Hardball
knows yeah yeah I got the grill what we
do is literally take you down it's hard
to talk oh hey wait what what are we
doing I really came up with the idea
actually I've all you want to do this I
always want my hair out just like get it
braided just to see what it's like to
see what it feels like what yeah like
you and possibly I got some ideas you
know cooking up in the brain so my
cranium parody song from posting loans
white iris Oh with my hair braids I
ordered some props for the music video
I'm not to invest good money in this
music video it's not be dull to post
blow did you see this coming out soon I
want to hold the song I was working on
and
come this way so we can get this out
going to make nothing but comedy skits
amuse baby is gone saying also about to
put pictures up today you can check them
out at at doors mama on Instagram also I
don't know if you heard but it also made
a new twitch account at dwarf underscore
mama you can follow me there watch all
my live streams of my gaming and also
you can follow me on twitter at dwarf
underscore mama same with twitch always
plug all came out a new blog so fast
chased up the gay baby anyways I don't
have like dough I catch y'all in a
couple days maybe sooner you don't know
alright guys okay
