I guess a bad-news sit you down and
we'll explain it what are you gonna do a
squad I just want to thank everyone for
their thoughts prayers condolences for
aria your tweets your comments really
meant a lot I wish I could reply to all
you and thank all of you but this is my
way of thinking all of you she was the
best puppy in the world she will be
missed
yeah so there's that so today I want to
show you my car I got cuz I never got a
chance to show you guys my brand-new car
that I got yeah it's pretty cool let's
go check out paint oh my god it's not
alright so but again the car I need to
do since my key is in this pocket all
you to do is just like oh got that red
interior fresh death-ray anyway so you
hop in here extensions on the pedals
looking sweet as I push to start Oh
looking nice on here now while I'm
driving I can control the radio and
everything one here just by this remote
right here oh my god and you're the
phone mad cause somebody called Logan
message yeah family guy there what's
very guy oh this is really cool she'll
go to navigation click on Los Angeles
let's say we're to do a different city
so let's go P I can really write hey
okay I guess a I okay anyways you get
the point I can put in sport mode for me
what I want to go drag racing you know
or I wanted to save the planet go
Economou also got the sunroof here oh we
already know look at nice check the back
out oh it has that nice red leather
interior looking sweet let's sit back
here for me so much leg room well if you
sit behind me while we're driving in
here door if or tall person you're gonna
have the most leg room of all time gonna
be like abled like sleep back here I'll
show you no cool feature so let's say my
hands are full while getting in the
trunk trying to get in the trunk
let's go my foot under there I
Oh help is the truck that easy I guess
I'm up you rgame stop real quick I just
started a Twitter account you can follow
me all my twitch account at dwarf
underscore Mamba because I know a lot of
you asked about like Oh Evan you should
do a gaming channel you should do gaming
videos I'm gonna start streaming lively
and interact with you guys while I'm
playing these video games also I'm
getting a face cam so you can literally
watch me as I'm playing it that can
interact a little bit better with you
guys hello well all have a great time
alright let's uh get on the road this is
me uh driving around in my car
unfortunately it does not have a vlog
camera holder type thing which really
sucks it's actually really dangerous
I don't know how Logan does it with a
big-ass camera let alone I'm using this
cannon but anyways I can see literally
everything like this car is almost
perfect for me I have a backup sensor I
gotta show you where I park guys I
sometimes it's hard for dwarves to look
everywhere but they have sent us on this
to where I don't get like close anything
or hit anything which that have a really
bad habit of doing but I have a rear
view camera now and uh no more dings or
dings alright so I just thought that
game stop I got a brand new headset I
also got camera so you guys can watch me
I can interact a little bit better so
you're not just hearing me talk behind a
mic and just watching me play and so I
like Logan will pop in all the people
will pop in hangout yeah so be a pretty
good time I so today I'm about to go to
Arizona and Nico's house show my new car
yeah like yeah let's go just arrived my
boy Nico's place all these outside this
time yeah usually in the booth I know
I'm not working right now I'm taking a
little baby baby right yo see that over
there it's a real nice car it's a nice
car gorgeous guy right yeah I mean it
looks like a great car but it's
definitely not Honda what you know
because I mean that's gonna cost you an
arm and a leg just to get your frickin
mirror fixed after a little fender
bender at the store and if you think
about it you're gonna be waiting two
weeks huh don't be waiting two weeks
oh that's nice I won't ever hit my
mirror you never know what could happen
man
you called accidents right what I don't
don't car right anyways yo watch
this yo keys in the pocket yeah watch
this Oh unlock automatically your Honda
yeah it's a Beemer yell oh my god
anyways yeah look at the red leather Wow
now that's really cool that Buffalo skin
that's not it slows the Buffalo skin but
I'm thinking it's real cow I swear to
god it's real kind of it really real
calm real cow what here's the cow
doesn't let it come from cow right
question I think it does no I don't get
fake cow I I mean don't you kind of hope
it's fake cow
yeah but don't you kind of hope it's I'm
lipstick yeah it might be challenge with
a German car anyways but yeah it's good
sake the second we get yeah how much
face do you have back there with you
there's a lot of space yeah this is like
pretty crazy
come on most important part yep look at
that yeah it's sweeter my leg everything
Wow I feel like I have way more space
because you're driving like sleep back
bro you could be a professional driver
add so much space you may tell people to
sit in the back you should honestly sit
behind me you're in first all right
ready well I'd supposed to start baby oh
yeah just like my Honda besides the red
leather we've had the same car the other
SUV I control it from here like Spotify
whoa that's actually fire yeah that's
actually the exact same system I swear
to god I'm not kidding that's really
funny that this BMWs is the same digital
interface
as Honda you would think good you want
to race just so dangerous but I'm not
gonna race you
yes I thought see why no that would be
dance yeah
shut up Brian Brian just loves his cars
I love this car anyways it's really
sweet it's sweet congratulation exactly
a huge deal for you big moves big job
you worked hard
you really did but wait for the day when
you get that brand-new 2018 sonocent
that's gonna be awesome what is good
it's a new day new studio sex with my
boy Nick over here cooking we're getting
the fire department in here call on us
call the fire department
ya know because making like fire beats
and the kids like I don't get it what a
beautiful tree I'm so ready for the
holidays it has been busted my ass I'm
like dude I'm like down here to try and
make blonde but he's up here like oh you
got me
toys Oh what time do you gotta clock in
for Santa dude making you work a lot o
balls I kind of stainless anyway yes we
are making a new song but I guess a bad
news well you're gonna drop this on
right now no I'm not dropping this all
right now but sit you down and we'll
explain it so my song dwarf problems for
some reason it recently got taken off
the internet
I'll Spotify iTunes app music everything
but YouTube my YouTube videos still
there but unfortunately the company I
signed up through to put my song up on
the Internet
I did not send in my driver's license or
any identification and time and then I
did send in my driver's license but they
were like sorry
you waited too long to send this in your
song was removed from Spotify iTunes etc
all streaming sir Austria means Austria
means loss is not on Google Play is
fairly you Lonnegan idea pretty pissed
off try get this done didn't want to do
this but I have to the hell man lose
money
beer awesome with that Erasmus all's
that it would Alisa hits when we put out
his hit all we put out his hits all we
make is hits right now hits
so actually what happened was they
realized it was a hit early and that is
why they asked you to verify your ID
because they're like who gets 300,000
stream in less than a month less than a
month dwarf squad does or squad does
that's for sure unfortunately Evan gets
an influx of emails it got
in the mix and he didn't send it in in
time and they're giving us a really hard
time I even tried reupload you follow
their instructions everything to a tee
but I mean there is hope there is oh it
should be what soon but I'm not happy
about it
he's a happy about it it's not the
problems aren't getting out there man
it's not getting out the people man
anyway make sure you tune in to our new
song it should be out in like a week or
two a week or twos a very fair a fair
guess but it dim today we're gonna wear
as video for we're gonna get it all
moving got playing there playing yeah we
got a plan work anyways guys all right
that is the ball thank you for watching
thank you for tuning in I'm getting back
into it
thank you guys for the tweets and
comments about Arya yes she is really
messed around here soft but I'll make
sure you subscribe join the strong as
squad in the closest squad well one big
great family and make sure you turn on
the notification button so you know when
my new Vols will be up and you can want
to show us something before I sign off
um I just what I'm ready to know that I
put that Christmas tree off with my bare
hands
so guys cut me off
