alright guys so today was a weird day oh
my god you get so cute every single day
what is good or squash so I'm not to go
to the bank right now get a cashier's
check but what you ask I'm gonna pick up
the car today I'm so pumped fine get a
car won't be trapped in this house alone
hopefully Logan will be back soon
they'll be back tomorrow you don't know
how low you get to this big house at
this tiny guy you're lost man it'll lost
like five hours the other night freak it
out she was freaking out with me oh my
god anyways going to Wells
I was Nate Dale so finally after three
hours I'm negotiating for this car
my man Matt here has done the deal we
did together we signed it teamwork makes
the dream team work makes the dream work
if you're looking for a car coming down
the center BMW ask from that take you
again back and can't wait to ride this
thing man hey unfortunately I won't be
able to bring the car here today dude
the adult life sucks
some of it some of it sucks they're like
adult adults that sucks yeah hopefully I
begin my car in two days but uh yeah
I'll be a car owner the next day it is a
new day the sun is shining bright that
is why I'm behind this wall here's
understanding the Sun oh so blinding so
after being at the dealership yesterday
for over six hours I did not think it
would take that long I was talking to my
parents and they're like yeah that's
actually normal like to be at the
dealership for a very long time like it
takes a really long time and I'm like
like that sucks Nina don't sucks so I
get my car in two days Aria has surgery
in two days so Friday's a pretty big
anyways Logan comes home today I am so
excited but forgot about that
I can either feed you maverick I know
Logan's not here I am NOT your new owner
okay I know I know you create me I know
you can eat me all right grab his bowl
from Hera dangit these mirrors some ways
I know I get it Logan's specifically
told me for these things
one two three four matter come here bird
usually he attacks me but lately he's
actually been nice to me because it
wasn't nice to me
then he wanna get any food no he would
still get food cuz Logan would beat my
ass if I I didn't beat on this I think
we had a great bond together don't you
think maverick you think we're friends
now man everything I did for you
you're just saying this because Logan's
coming back I can't believe you man yeah
your fruits over there well well well
look who we have here
come to see me only when Logan's coming
back huh okay you can't hit me up when
he's gone
I thought we I thought we were friends
Lydia yeah I thought so too you a
serious that stories how you how looks
like I have a good time you know
yeah same goes to you oh I'm just here
chillin the house alone is true he
doesn't you can you speak Lydia yeah
Logan's coming back well yeah I mean I
don't even work order friendship oh we
have a new roommate where is he nice bed
frame here you guys luggage piano studio
dude they look alike
I mean look em up my brother yeah you
know I'm saying and it's nice to
fantasize it's nice to dream but you
know so much stuff together no way we're
gonna let him do anything you're like my
little brother I like your big brother
I'm your little brother you're my big
brother we're gonna have fun
we're gonna make music I wake up
everyday this is amazing Katie's really
worried
our first thing you can do is the next
day what's good do a squash so today is
a really big day aria here as you know
she will have surgery today she's
getting her leg fixed cuz I don't know
if you guys know her growth plate is
going in a different direction than her
leg leg bone literally like splitting
they're gonna have to like obviously
fixed that make it straight so I gotta
go in drop her off at the vet and things
like an all-day thing and then after I
drop her off I'm going to pick up the
car which I am so excited about you
don't understand cannot wait to finally
on my own car a great day busy day not
that great of a day because always
having surgery but kind of great because
her leg would be a lot better she won't
be the cast and everything will go back
normal inside Aria you have no idea
what's going on day do you
oh you're too sweet one hour later I see
we just made to the vet oh yeah you
nervous yeah no idea what's going on but
I'm nervous as hell girl let's go inside
a few moments later just ready to
dealership about to pick up my car I am
so excited right now you don't even
realize
alright guys so today was a weird day
you probably wondering why I don't have
Aria with me reo passed away after Aria
passed away after surgery and I got the
call when I was picking up by up I got
the call where I was picking out my BMW
I was gonna pick her up I think it to be
W but I got the call saying that she
didn't make it
um so what happened was she went through
the surgery everything was fine
all her vitals were fine after surgery
she was fine he said it was a good
surgery they went and took x-rays of her
when they got back after the x-rays she
started to look pale and then she went
to cardiac arrest her heart stopped
beating and they tried to revive her but
they couldn't they don't really exactly
know what the cause of death is she did
have a really low dose of anesthesia
just had a weird reaction to it I don't
know I'm sorry for the delay of lungs
til the next one might be delayed also
because of how hard this is going to be
to get through everyone loved aria she
was a great dog just never take anything
for granted
really anything could happen anything
could go in a blink of an eye death was
not even in the discussion when the
surgery was coming
there was no percentile or anything I
really loved yeah this is this is a sad
walk I'm sorry like I said never take
anything for granted
always be thankful for you have I'm
sorry but that is the vlog yes and they
don't a very bad note I'm very sorry I'm
not no one meant for this to happen it
was just weird that it happened it's
weird to where process it's gonna be
weird for the next few days
you will see some of this in Logans vol
2 as it'll come up if you want to see
other information but yeah guys I
toodles
