so check it out those cars are pretty
dope I am going to buy it yes what is
good to us quad upon the morning why the
quality is a bit different now well I
messed up my original camera and I'm
using my boy Kevin over here
he's nothing uses camera and as you guys
know Logan's in Dubai no one is here I
literally have this house to myself it's
literally insane it's scary it's scary
at night honestly my house still
wouldn't finish her into the house no
yeah but also as you guys know don't
have a car either because Logan thought
I could drive on the highway with a flat
tire after I told him multiple times how
does he know work so yeah you guys know
how that turned out anyway so Kevin is
also helping me drive he's going to be
my bitch I mean my chauffeur my
chauffeur my chauffeur today
yeah next I'll have your life yeah I
would be a tall black man guys a cool
boy day yes see yeah you'd be a door for
they see what it's like you can have
them
Dorf problems door problems
I'm also going to get a car yes I need
to go get a car because Logan's car will
be in the shop for a while and I can't
just be stuck in this house anymore
how so he gave us some errands the store
do some adults with cat
oh listen my man's cameras down oh boy
you got a car you can't come in oh yeah
by the way this Carrie could you pops
ooh it's like kind of French like I love
I like yeah well we just stopped by West
Coast Customs because in order to get a
car
I needed my pedal extensions because how
else am I supposed to test to have a car
fact that is a fact fact of life but
unfortunately it is about four is thirty
right now so I don't think any car
dealership will really be open if they
plug will be but probably it will be
closed soon yeah cuz they like saving so
I want to run some errands day go to
some stores and then tomorrow we will I
guess test drive some car and hopefully
get a car for me in the meantime show
for the cameras in the house we're gonna
get you to where you need to be mr. mom
Bob
sit back relax and enjoy this this this
music just wait Petsmart I'm going to
get aurilla a new bed
oh yo that one is dogs and she can sleep
it in and you can sit in it too right
yeah this is hard I like this it's like
a king size bed fur so you want a big
big bed right yeah these are like see
like these are cool but they're just
like flat just like a mattress for her
that's all you know I get that
tempur-pedic you know I just realized to
look at the color matches her and
matches oh my god yo my bed at home
isn't even that confi Oh oh yeah for you
so I also need to get
new collar kind of lost some old one but
this one the diamonds isolate real
darling do you own all right I should
yeah a tweeted bitch I took it off I
didn't know you just retweet that they
she have fake diamond but I didn't know
you just said the diamonds and stuff no
she's not on Twitter right now she's I'm
sure I'm sorry whatever let's just go
pay for it moments later what exciting
do you like it
good talk oh she likes the new toy
not even unbox now your unbox it seems
like they're on ok another one yeah
wrote too but that's not even the best
part
what's the best part where you tell me
there's some more ah right in your hand
but yeah so tomorrow I'm gonna go my
heart hopefully probably not wake up
latest this time huh I'll be a coroner
okay the next day there's a new day yes
it is yeah it is different we're at the
first car dealership we had a BMW
dealership is that a brand deal for any
BMW I go in talk business test try some
vehicles cuz I brought my extensions Oh
looking good
oh yeah let's go ahead yeah this car
like breeze
everything low goes car trouble reaching
for things man I'll be like and I like
my hands off the wheel
I'll be swerving she's scary sometimes
but now you got everything right there
so about the test-drive the car now but
first you need to get them extensions
old baby let's go test yet
how's it ride smooth like this dear yeah
yeah this one has this horse package on
so you're saying it's fast that stuff on
for a second
give them the gas baby sports mellow
little little panniers that if you're
passing somebody getting on a freeway
you know going up the hill ever use that
a few moments later can you pop bet you
benefit again yeah that's for
emergencies so anything goes on what to
call your phone died yeah this ticket
somebody will help you out really yeah
God probably going to car accident for
example you're driving right now like
this that called senses that as soon as
you hit the brake you're doing it really
fast
everything closes automatically yeah
yeah and then if you're gonna car
accident the sensible pick up and where
somebody will actually will talk to you
mister so-and-so you okay
what I found this like feeling lonely
and I need someone to talk to it but
that's up to you it's up to me is a
chunk in the trunk that's such a trunk
mother of God five minutes later so that
car is uh that's pretty perfect once
again is not a brand deal for BMW or
anything BMW actually welcome wanna go
check out a few more maybe a mini
kerberos Mini Cooper mini guy nice we
just read too many cool dealership this
is pretty lit this I've always liked
could picture myself driving one of
these dumb they one is pretty school
caught my eye this is for cool this
player is perfect right this is nice
beautiful see if you like it
nice is it comfortable okay it scoots oh
the horn is allowing mileage right
course it's a you got eight on the - you
don't a - that works so what are you
thinking it's good it's good it's good
at the sunroof to play phone here yeah
born in this LA traffic you like I have
Watson templates you pump sweet Daisy
how you feeling hey I can afford a Mini
Cooper hopefully I haven't splitting all
the extensions before we go on a ride in
the Mini Cooper we're gonna be testing
it out this little bad boy right here
taken out for a spin extensions coming
out and then we take it off
how was it I like this one a lot yeah
someone say feels like the BMW that I
tried how'd you guys face back there
I like it it's that's pretty spacious
yeah small person I thought everything
for our physical activities love the
enthusiasm
so check it out those cards are pretty
dope I didn't buy one but I am going to
buy it yes the first one BMW 3-series
first big purchase of being out here you
know grinding making moves getting money
you're probably wondering where I'm at
I'm making music with my boy Nick here
Oh guys we mix a pump in we're taking
this is mix King right here having in
your mixes you come the Nick attack that
makes noise I'll mix it all so this man
it's getting decorative us look at it
Merry Christmas is like a month and a
half but I like it I like the head start
it's a little early a little premature I
know yeah excited man really AM dude it
really just puts like a like happiness
like a home homey homey slash happiness
feel big in this studio I was out in a
bad day but now I'm like mopping - well
it's common yeah Papa no house on the
one hopper to do well is on the way you
better watch out
she appalling why what the big
announcement is Oh guys I don't have it
yet but it's coming tomorrow
you guys knows what it is oh my god
music so excited that is right guys my
next vlog will be dropping the merch
north mama exclusive merchandise it
might be late I just wanna think I mean
keV over here let me use this camera be
my chauffeur shots cannon anyways guys
alright so that is the end of the bling
if you're not part at the door squad
would it what are you doing
honestly what are you doing your eyes
are not smart or maybe you don't have
YouTube or internet I don't you have any
people squad then must be a part of a
different squad hit that subscribe
button also turn your notifications
alright guys I will see you all in a
couple days hurdles
