oh my god we've gotten so much traffic
this is oh this is insane what is good
door squat
Oh as I was saying that I got step in
poop no I was literally this close
anyway man beautiful day today so warm
out I bet you Marilyn it's probably
coalition sorry Marilyn California was
better better weather just a beautiful
place is just a great time to be alive
are you about to go to the store oh why
did I say it like that but yeah going to
the store do some adult because I'm
gonna do it now 20 years old yeah Oh
gonna go take a the perp skirt mobile
what I call it Wow why do people watch
my logs as you can see still sick a
little bit better just a tad bit better
but that's actually one of the reasons
go to the store I am by the way once
again
Logan's back left tires getting flat we
got a new tire but somehow it still
freedom we getting flat so I gotta go
fill it up which I guess can I go to now
before I hit the store let's go uh fill
it up twenty minutes later
ah where's this door oh let's go be an
adult what am i doing right now
oh my I don't think this is weird man
this is weird I don't know how I feel
after that that's gonna weird but I
guess the life I chose move out of
Maryland go become an adult in
California oh oh yeah I make do bass
ball content a few moments later
alright so um it's really loud right now
well I was trying to do a nice thing for
Logan and take his card to West Coast
Customs because it's kind of like messed
up the tire and I told him it was flat
like really flat like trying to put air
in it
but Aaron just want to go in it he's
like yo taking the West Coast Customs
right now and they'll fix it and I'm
like are you sure bro he's like yeah
wait dude I don't think even drive with
a flat tire he like nah bro you got it I
don't even form on that car I was like
okay so as you can see I'm stranded in
the middle of the highway highway
volumes cards so this is what happened
I'll go through town I was going like
max 35 everything was going smooth and
then I realized I had to get on the
highway I was like oh I don't think this
car can do it on the highway with this
flat ass tired so I garner highway it's
gonna like crash started fishtailing on
this slowly
I had to pull my hydranoid and pull over
to the side and get out of the passenger
side door and then FaceTime Logan and
explain it what happened so like I said
before it now wait for loving to come
pick me up hopefully he can come and
rescue me this is it's a I've never done
this before this is never happened to me
before
this is pretty boiling tank level is
being California with so many lanes so
much driving so many cars they're just
so busy this is
say this is not good this is not good
five minutes later I don't and I'm
staying
oh my gosh yeah right I don't like this
one bit
oh yeah
okay okay
you're the tired pop and I started
fishtailing bro
oh I was dying oh my god we accounted so
much traffic this is oh this is insane
I didn't know that this is getting out
of hand
this is getting my hand
we were causing a traffic jam Lily on
the highway the water warm cause of the
traffic jam oh my god much much later
traffic jam that we calls don't you
bring me your weebles throw we you don't
friendship well you've got to leave in
like what five hours six hours yeah
probe not a lot of hours I'm gone for
like a week you're going for a week yeah
and Dubai yeah Lily gonna be other side
of the world don't think I can be any
farther away from you yes horrible they
leaving this six point five million
dollar house in Miami problem tiny baby
honestly honestly
hey I've been kind of hard on cameras
all over the house just know I can check
in on you at any time you anytime
hey how's the house going Oh
everything's good on this way here with
Aria check the nest fifty people have
been smash boys a girl doing things
illegally what not to mention have you
heard this feature oh my god he can talk
yeah and this will work even though
you'll be on the other side of the
country other side of the world my god
and you can hear me it's a wrap Evan I
got you under the rock yeah so if I did
do a vlogger like trying to prank you or
something you would always know
yeah god damn it I sent her home your
fungus anyways bro I'm gonna miss you yo
me too long out here
mister like Who am I gonna call or need
some off the top shelf cause I hope you
have funny a chip have a safe flight
intro I love you I'm gonna miss you I
love you guys I'm outside right now
because it's pretty late Logan's asleep
who says you know he's good bye make
sure you stayed tuned for the next law
huge surprise Scooby make sure you like
to subscribe the door squad first alert
now see all a few days
