so anyways guys that's some pretty big
news about Aria oh it's good or squash
Oh a little bit under the weather this
morning sorry
but this morning I ain't taking Russia
Russia Oh to the vet for the third
appointment hopefully for love of God
today she'll begin her cast off and she
won't be have to walk around wow she got
slobber all over me anyway yeah let's go
to the vet that's now an hour dry
because we don't live near Hollywood
anymore that's always fun let's get the
drive in seconds me even though she has
the cast on she is still a piece it is
learning how to go up and she's also
learned how to come down the stairs
her new toys I got her and it's gonna
have to wait well we haven't make back
inside yet but Aria managed to poop well
we're right beside the Yeti and that's
just fantastic just made it back oh yeah
take that way oh yeah there's bones no
way I think in the mouth for you 12
seconds later oh yeah look boom oh you
love all your toys don't you so anyways
guys oh yeah I got some pretty big news
about Aria so I'm not gonna tell you yet
I want to wait a later I want to go meet
up with a boy Nico right now discuss
business you know money in business and
I'll break the news to him too hey guys
stay crazy what an hour later what is
about to go break him the news oh go say
it was up to Nick on the gang
oh well hos it's good baby it's good
livin livin hello darkness my old friend
give to them but baby I got some news
feel it's just it's just bad news wait
quick quick shout-out Dorf plop let's
hear the duo a and living in Arizona
tell them the news but leapin it out
just getting their reaction but you guys
will find out later on is
reminds me when I got pushed down the
stairs when I'm three years old but my
bigger brother same thing happened I
broke my leg
what she's got four legs
so like one gonna be the worst one yep
three other legs I don't want a dog
three legs the next day all right so
it's the next day now and I was actually
at Nico's again recording another song
switch it up a bit switch up the lyrics
like really switch everything up it took
forever my new song coming soon make
sure you check it out now are ya oh god
just so cute look at Jill he was just as
cute as door I think it's time - it'll
make the news to Logan and them daddy
yeah I still do it so I'm carrying oil
right now that's deaths just duty hello
again
Brendan I need you guys to sit down for
this one
I'm already suited okay I wouldn't need
to take seat Brittany do you take a seat
I'm glad y'all are here today to witness
this news the chef's get her leg removed
the chef's count like every treated hope
she doesn't see nothing in your way I'm
not giving my brother let's be honest
the dollar kinda like so not this Monday
but the following Monday I am schedule
an appointment for her to have surgery
what happened was she hurt her growth
and it's growing at a different
direction than her like regular bone
length is there any chance she turns
into a dwarf dog no no chance for that
that we're to happiness you only have
one door flame bro I could have told you
this bro I'm not a venom of lager but
look at her look at this thing Road it's
crooked I could have told you like
Brendan do we not call this bro this
angle is not the angle it's not an angle
granite put it
no bet I know you're watching this ball
picks my boys speaking of the bet
watching my balls they don't let me
actually write because they watch your
vlogs and you see I'm sorry I'm running
around and playing with call oh she's
not to do that she's do that but then I
get the same talks like how could a
puppy to stay still or we do it straight
you can't do it something like a fat kid
on his birthday that he can't eat the
cake yes analogy the point is guys that
you have no idea how to take care of a
dog i we talk about I'm a great dog I
look pretty good like for this being my
first dog I mean yes
wait oh yeah you know he's doing good
like I you coming at us quite
aggressively I need you to take one
chill pill in Ibiza
I mean is she dead she's waving hey I'm
fine we love you okay I hope you don't
remove your leg godt come here see that
that's a good dog good dog
all right let's move the ball is
Lighting's really bad right now I'm not
gonna lie I have to do something about
that in this new room but anyway yes it
sucks are just gonna have to get surgery
or her leg is honestly a shape anyway I
have a big announcement coming up
probably in my next vlog if not
definitely the vlog after that I don't
know if you guys remember so about a
week or two ago I said get ready for a
big announcement coming up next week
yeah it's delayed a little bit but I
promise it's not delayed anymore make
sure you subscribe join the greatest
squad of all time and make sure you tune
in for more of my vlog
guys I will see you in a few days
