nor squad the goat stores what hard hard
based on the dwarf squad I already know
one good door squad um as you may know
actually you don't know where I am right
now I'm back in the old college I used
to go to two years and a timeout but I
made it a visit and I'm with my boys
come aboard PD over here and this is
gonna be a crazy weekend cuz when
college gets crazy on and if this guy
knows how crazy I get I am just gonna
take it easy though but tomorrow and
Saturday I will vlog more I let me think
the next day
yeah we are here with my man Bobby day
one I gotta get every piece of merge as
soon as it drop shadow shell yes are you
gonna know
strawberry there's nothing you know it
is beautiful Saturday down to Maryland
nice to see my best friend Avenue oil
just enjoying the day same days Yorktown
baby what Kathleen wiffle ball you
worked out maybe there's a larger Haley
out here
Charlotte chill on the roof right now
this is the old schoolhouse hall yeah
well what we doing up here
yaoi and drunk we have a good time
shutout Salisbury University we have a
gym at one in four years young twenty
four years ago this dungeon thing is Oh
II think I'm no boy
I already know better oxygen what
lowered lower level is low level oxygen
baby no better man no better way you
already know this is how it is this life
this night most wanted man most wanted
taxi right there right there that's us
baby
that's all right guys I'm back in my
hotel Smith's burg I just want to thank
everyone at Salisbury especially Kappa
Sigma my boys as the fraternity I am an
A to B brothers yes it was a great time
love seeing the boys I didn't vlog that
much because one it was more of like a
little vacation for me and I was just
hanging out with her you know with the
boys I did get some pretty good footage
so once again just thank you heaven on a
Salisbury love Salisbury love Kappa sig
love it it's coldish right now I am not
used to this cold at all you know coming
from California but today I was gonna
give you like a little tour of where I
grew up in the environment I grew up in
and like how beautiful this place
actually is also when I say small town
it's like 3,000 people if that like it's
pretty small so this is the neighborhood
I grew up in basically it's like the
only neighborhood that's in Smith burg
you got the Appalachian Mountains where
Catoctin mountains I should say up there
it's just a nice cute neighborhood all
around that right there we'll be driving
by later that's actually the elementary
school I grew up in and you can't see it
now but over there behind this house is
the high school I grew up in like I said
we will pass that later on I'll show you
I'm also meeting up with one of my
childhood friends Kelton he's gonna
drive me places show you around don't
eat hope stuff too much I mean there's
not much here it's like farmland cows
that's about it still beautiful still
pretty I'm gonna take you this one look
out that we have here and it's just a
beautiful scenery and you can see all
over Maryland obviously not all of
Maryland but just a big portion of
Maryland and uh yeah let's go meet
Kelton
Manon my boy killed big byung so this is
actually my cousin Seth awesome I think
they'll be like I don't know if we look
like I'm we both like got them all
caterpillar squinty eyes you guess when
your eyes he's got the caterpillar
eyebrows though and I got Ryu fresh as
eyebrows on a way too high rock now
that's cuz you mean you and your
he probably yeah I do maintain my stuff
I'll clip them in the morning I hate the
morning routine but I don't get them
back oh you know screens out to talk so
loud right now is Kelvin flow NASCAR so
this is like what would you call it late
middle town or in the town we have
probably one maybe two street like fine
wine oh come up on Warren here we had
the church all the church here that I
religion this is Lily probably the only
light that's in this town that's it
that's your light ladies and gentlemen
that's how exciting this town is there's
nothing like a fool gal you're gonna
California but now it's a nice town it's
a nice place to grow up I didn't get
bullied he did cuz I blight him - pretty
nice Oh daily run
hey no challenge adult high so just made
it to higher up what a crazy ride really
loud can barely hear now cuz thanks
Calvin
we are here we are walking up to it now
a lot of graffiti here I wanted my old
graffitis here for my last time it's
literally all rock how did it come here
I did get you have no idea wow this is
it oh my god it is so cold I miss
California weather then oh my god
killing just hanging off the plate I'm
actually really scared of heights I mean
I should be I'm adored so I'm gonna
slide here now oh my god this is so
scary
yeah that's a death down there twelve
seconds later
wow so cold you show you more we can get
down there show you more than that later
yeah pretty uh pretty scary we walk from
over there to here this is like a secret
I guess high like a high rock type thing
to call it yeah anyway this is like a
secret one not many people know about it
or you got that silence nice view is a
lot you got the penis Ranger that's good
so for one more detour we're gonna go
down the main rock head down there so
you wanna look out there you know that
booty
that's a Kim Kardashian butt right there
dude oh my yeah we out here Oh see if
any my graffiti still here doubt it I
might have sprayed out one don't know ah
is wears out her colorful rock so pretty
oh that's my son a fix thing I can jump
here you can jump here from there my
that's it well they're all by myself no
editing nothing are we still going down
okay down there
Oh coming down it oh oh whoa already
jumping from here there oh wow
dad actually gonna hurt ya what was that
phone I literally jumped from out there
higher than healing
Toland he is hurt let's do it again uh
listen guys if I do fall I am dead
no more door for Mama yeah damn hello
down there
oh he clownish yeah I was gonna chill
here yeah this is about it about the
number one tourist thing to do here and
I good old Marilyn Oh miss Berg at my
part all right I said oh but real quick
what is going on here he wants to get
every egg he wants every angle possible
I've never seen this before this is
insane so this is more of the fantastic
activities I guess you would say out
here sometimes we like good cow-tipping
I've never done that before I become a
bar bar bar rows guy it's six hours
later back in California
Harley Wow everything look like well my
flight got delayed so I didn't get in
too late and last night hey my loved
ones like yo you call with me to this
party I was like I meant so out of fun
night last night he is going now did not
know he would be going in the morning
but that is the vault ladies and
gentlemen if you have not subscribed
make sure you subscribe to the door
squad join the squad
anyone everyone enjoy remember don't let
anyone tell you that you can't and if
they do tell you you can't prove them
wrong bro make them look dumb all right
guys I'll see you all in a couple of
days
oh boy so for one more detour
