so I'm out here be up he stays a little
drawn out here what is good Dwarfs squad
just made it to Phoenix Arizona
I'm here with Kai and other friends got
Rollins here lowboy a lot and Pete's
pizza just kidding the festival actually
starts tonight or today actually we are
going to see chance rapper perform and
other amazing artists all yeah let's
head to the Hat just made it to the
festival we just got in boy we just
passed got the back seat - no chances
pretty dope now at the stage will kai
will be performing in two days right I'm
gonna kill it y'all trying to stage a
st. Paul we out here baby
what is up guys it's a new day we
haven't seen this place outside yet I'm
here gonna climb up that mountain how do
you where's the high climb with us I
don't know with us khadi it's about to
be just okay today let's go clean up we
walking our way up there I've never seen
the cactus before I was probably one of
the biggest cactuses it does have bro
that was weird
oh he's so afraid I was there yeah it
might not seem that bad we'll walk for
lucky yeah snake hole bro there's all
these snake oh let's go I don't think
you could die rattlesnakes
so Charles is bigots yeah this is a
workout here
whoo oh my god yeah this is insane
Arizona first time I've been here in
these mountains it look real allows you
wanna have a workout yeah yeah cool it
down oh boy I can't ask them escape I
might pass out a little bit in there you
go into VIP viewers right now stay up
see little yachty up close y'all is
gonna be so in yo I don't know how we
got backstage I asked me jizzy mouth yo
little Johnny let's get it we're
literally children backstage before lil
yachty gets on me this is
we have these bands now I kidding you
any bunch of music that we'll be playing
tomorrow in my good friend kind make
sure you look him up or Spotify
SoundCloud anything else you were seen
in the vlog the song come on you'll be
performing tomorrow make sure you go
check I'm sipping right but I'm at me
way I'm taking shots I got steady aim
sometimes I think I should slow down but
you know I love how to any taste y'all
black me why I should call right yeah we
might hit the stage out here the lovely
beautiful
today's Sunday Kyle will be performing
in about five six hours I'm going to
your stage with him dance round maybe
jump into the crowd depending how far
the crowd is from the stage
apparently there's a pretty big gap
between the crowd in the stage but we're
gonna make it work Lee Ali baby kappa
cineq enemy also want to try meet up
with my boy futuristic tries to his time
with him do me a lot stage diving going
on today potentially potential butt off
y'all let's all head on over she just
made it on stage look like hi yo you pop
out you bitches on real spider go up in
flames I want to run out there right
five minutes boy you ready oh you ready
t good I've never been more ready about
that oh I love it I love it oh yeah our
first show together that's murder they
don't know what's gonna hit him it
doesn't matter if there's one person out
there or
touchdown touchdown land in the city
with a merry-go-round
yeah even touch the ground if it was a
sunny yellow church declare I see so
fictitious pulled up to campus Inc
capsules but dad's got me way too busy
badass bitches Sonny I'll fucking win
even up in the crib and jump on my luck
good boy killed it out there
sorry know how to feel I'm not gonna
tell you where I'm at actually you
probably know where I'm at cause Logan's
vlogs and such people just follow me and
I guess don't watch Logan before me oh
yes a little surprised me on Lost Lake
was dope I was want to thank guys so
much for everything he did well he did
great check out his music Spotify I
anyways I am missing the out of Aria
right now and I'm gonna go pick her up
from a loss bring her back and check her
out the new crib oh she talked about me
like alright we're not joking when Aria
literally pisses every 10 minutes
sometimes the pisses would just be like
literally like droplets like why waste
your time thank you so much for watching
her it was a nice break last a photo
she's about to go check out the new
house Harry Potter I haven't showed them
my room yet Oh
so after this I'm gonna showing the room
it sucks not not whatever now it'll be
cool though whatever you know smell it
oh my gosh she's go soon back in my
place with Aria she's checking out her
new room and my new room no this is the
bathroom got the toilet say Oh got this
beautiful a shower we got the bed here
you only know about the bed light I'm
top here for TV sit up here got some
Logan's merch here I gotta move out what
not even the best part all right
Oh a fucking balcony bro the roof right
there get the root chilling right there
oh yeah hey loving this Oh at the last
lookout oh this is amazing
anyway guys that is the end of the vlog
it was a fun one that is for sure next
one is gonna be pretty fun to use next
three vlogs I mean they're gonna be
gonna be some pretty fun make sure you
turn the notification button on so you
know when my next vlogs come up joining
door squad subscribe and yeah I'll see
you guys all next time tool up doors
five we gonna be hot right
