take it maybe like a band-aid go go what
is up guys it is a new day still have
the stash I think we'll lose that today
don't with this - gonna have to break
the news to Logan today aliens coming
over to meet our yeah because I asked
Ayla to take care of her while going for
the festival Ayla has a dog so she knows
how to take care of dogs and puppies
she's done our life yeah that's quite
fine
a few moments later go 1 to 10 hey time
for the camera 10 for the camera okay
great for the cameras Ayla will be
watching Aria wom gone I leave tomorrow
for the festival she will be in good
hands
yep she's gonna be have such good fun
her and moomer don't worry I used to
foster dogs so I know what I'm doing
okay I actually used to foster 12 dog
and 8 of them were puppies I can barely
handle one oh no - handle 8 try handling
neonate they're like two week old
puppies and you have to feed them every
three hours from a bottle yeah I was
fortunate enough just to have me with
that got that keep the cage clean a toy
spear once we get in the house it'll be
a lot easier a lot easier but this is
the first time I'll be away from aria
yeah I'm gonna be worrying like a dad
calling Ayla like how's aria how is she
Oh God oh my god I already get along
dude she is the nicest dog am it like
one of the nicest dogs I may have a
place called Oh make sure I call those
the other all right so I've given a lot
aria yet honestly Tom - suela aria it
anyway so I'm actually writing another
song right now and I'm getting help a
game from a boy me go with back boy hits
the last one last ones at 7.4 million
seriously 7.4 million a week not too bad
not too bad like a lot but I only hit 74
million week one time
I dropped a song it got like 35 plays
dance anyways I'm gonna start recording
a little bit today right a little bit
more and uh let's get to it
oh that's Radford a warning at the first
first down a hook right word today great
work today need go once again history in
the making
heading back to the crib now kind of
give Aria away not away I shouldn't say
I'm give Aria up to a long and Mister
deeply and yeah let's go today
twelve seconds later so I'm back at the
crib and I'm waiting for Ayla now to
come and pick up Aria so she can watch
her for me for the weekend I feel like
right now I'm not late to sex that's
like when after she leave after when
Ayla comes in picture off I just think
I'm gonna miss her actually obviously
I'm gonna miss her how can you not miss
this cuteness oh you're so cute a few
moments later
who's that exciting you worried at all I
like it like it's a good start
boy era I get everything you need right
here I got food for the weekend food
bowling what a pee pads also a for
carpet cleaner hers that's probably
gonna happen hold on don't poop too much
area ice I got the cage over har boys
here that maybe that's everything right
no no worry dad
I know it's a big day for you FaceTime
will be time you oh it's time to say my
final goodbye so I see her I dozed off
back boy Billy take it take it maybe
like a band-aid let's go the next day
oh dude a slow day my room looks like a
freaking mess because one today I'm
leaving to go to a festival in Arizona
but apparently tomorrow Logan is moving
into the new house so I won't be here I
have to pack up all this stuff and get
ready in three hours
I don't know how I wanna do it I look at
the pack we're like to move in three
hours and on top
that got it packed for a festival gotta
worry about the festival wall I mean
there's just so much stuff also the
meantime I actually miss Aria like I
went to bed last night slowly wow it
sounds really depressing but no like i
mister like it sir I'm gonna miss it
this weekend but for forget are you a
huge shout out to Michael winter for
proving people that no matter what size
shape you are you still overcome any
obstacle and approve people honestly I
love it Michael you are the man school
goals out here like no other and a given
hits right back movies but also I think
it's time to shave this disgusting thing
oh geez anyway as you can see my stash
card will have been beautiful awesome
I'm just about done cleaning up three
hours turn into like one hour round half
two hours anyways point is I have time
left over I'm gonna see my goodbyes and
I'm head off and meet up with God so
it's time to say goodbye I guess I
didn't finish I was gonna say I'm going
to leave now be back at aw - three days
yo u s-- uh Kevin normally I like you
but right now you suck out of miss you -
are we thinking about you a lot also I
mean I'm gonna miss you but like things
are happening and you're leaving a very
awesome important things wrong awesome
I asked off I want to show you okay
let's go you walk because this isn't
exciting Wow for me just make you buy
like a semi moving company do you know
how hard it is to get door closed that's
a lot of doors float God to our brother
yes expensive that's gonna act like that
you got just happening anyways now it's
time to stuff man door Bravo
mr. Boies that is in the blog short one
yes I know but you're ready for these
next fall of me being at the festival
it's gonna be like next level lit we are
going to send a make sure you tune in to
that notification button once you know
when new vlog to come and subscribe join
the squad
it's about to get lit I to mother
