so I'm not going to be involving as much
for these next two weeks I'm taking like
a pretty intensive acting class right
now but to make it up to you guys
I am giving away one it's good door
squat what is good today is that much
going on I am going to my first real
acting class now before it was just the
acting class that I graduated from flash
back to that
yeah just like first level improvisation
it wasn't too much it wasn't too crazy
this one is like a real comedy act class
I'm talking like 5 p.m. till 12 a.m.
I'm not joking this class is literally
seven hours long I'm looking forward to
it sorta I mean I'm excited to step in
this part of my career you know I do
want to become an actor that's my sole
dream a buck for seven hours that's
gonna that's gonna suck but hard work
baby but anyways yeah I have it this
Wednesday
next Wednesday and the following
Wednesday it's gonna be pretty cool got
print out some scripts here and a nice
resume maybe go do that twelve seconds
later Haley arc that as you can see yes
I have some blinds that I got to
practice my name is Dean and we talked
about the Lakers I like this as me being
a huge wings fan already like it so
that's pretty cool when I practice in
the air run over some lines is Logan
later and then uh yeah get that last one
off I'm gonna study and I practice to
look a few moments later to my acting
classes I mean pretty nervous I'm not
gonna lie I mean this is not like a
beginner level this is intensive level
meaning that's like it's like next level
and also it's seven hours long dude what
can you do for seven hours there's gonna
be insane but uh wish me luck I guess so
after this class all right okay Wow
I just got home not too long ago is 102
I got home about maybe like 30 minutes
ago it was a great first class honestly
I was nervous in the beginning I had my
doubts I was like oh my god what am i
doing but I'm really determined now and
I'm actually really excited and happier
than I've ever been more exciting that
and I actually have homework to do to
put you in tonight I'm actually gonna
get some sleep right now I'm gonna
explain the rest later in the vlog
what's going on and then uh yeah all
right so I just got done with my last
rehearsal for this week just for this
week that for the class I was doing the
class so I'm not gonna be blogging as
much for these next two weeks I'm taking
like a pretty intensive acting class
right now and it's a it's insane it's
really insane I'm working like six hour
days and it's crazy like I have to learn
all this oh this this there's the girl
the notes I'm taking no snoke's notes
notes for this it's pretty sing but to
make it up to you guys I am giving away
my ps4 yes my one terabyte ps4 since I
got my ps4 pro one day one I'm like you
might as well get rid of my old one but
what better way to get rid of it then
give it to you guys as a fan I lost her
gonna autograph it you're all that'd be
cool and you'll be getting some
exclusive Dormammu barks baby bunny how
do they win the ps4 Oh Holly wouldn't a
ps4 is gonna be subscribed to my twitch
account at dwarf underscore Mamba you're
the first tier second tier third tier
doesn't matter nothing will help you
like have a better chance at winning
you'll also have to be described to my
youtube channel door mama and the winner
will be announced this Saturday during
my livestream on March 17th at 1:00 p.m.
that's right we have a stream at 1:00
p.m. more 1700
during the stream and whoever I pull out
get the winner you win the ps4 and
subdue Apollo marriage but again you
subscribe to my twitch ad to a friend
school mama and subscribe to my youtube
channel let's do you only way you can
win this ps4 oh yeah let's go get into
our other shenanigans
I don't back into my car the cheek with
gentle oh no oh no in cheek magenta I
miss Andy but I will be going to see out
soon March 25th to go hang out with Andy
do a lot of khushu sightseeing all that
nice stuff now now I have to go to
Michael's because yes I have homework in
this class leave it on I had to make
like some sort of poster board about bad
actors thoughts and good actor thoughts
I'm not like too creative honestly but
we'll give it a shot I'd only been to
Michael something like twice in my life
yeah I guess let's go check it out
goodbye bye going to Mike let's see
everybody some things hopefully all of
them aren't on the top shelf is that
what should we suck I couldn't do my
work but uh let's go in and check it out
you know I'm not gonna lie I've been in
this store for like 30 minutes I have no
idea where I'm looking
Hey I'm so lost I don't know where my
stuff is okay okay it's like the
bedazzled stuff I be getting close is
the crayons that kind of you be getting
closer right I do need markers though
and yo I want my shits no good you know
gotta get them sent ones yeah I get that
a plus with my teacher is my flowing
good you want to know why so I found the
construction paper
luckily yeah this neon one looks fire
really stands out you know I'm gonna
stand out in the class not like I
already do but only get this one I
really want those letters right there
I'm trying good myself pop this up yeah
it's cool and you know a guy got that
gold and silver glitter make it Sparkle
but I that's about it here and let's
head on home and make this home I
thought I would make a slight kind of
big detoured oh it's unique in this
place yeah I'm gonna see what's up Nikko
say hi to everybody see how everyone's
doing uh yeah it's go see the crew stop
there
where we going right now DMV GMB Dave
and Buster's we have to go dear be this
jump I know how close I am look at this
oh you can't see it yeah you shine your
light on this this is how close I got
from the pole I just got this car fixed
I'm already like I'm that close how
close I am to lose
how you cheated orphan buster
thank you
so when I go see Emmy tickets i won i
won the most obviously 1362 where'd you
get like 900 what was that again 1374
374 oh my god oh oh you know I'm the
champ always the champ always represent
let's get it go squat well yeah oh wait
a Z will we just come oh we got these
sunglasses flash rain protect out here
Oh Britt is out here with nobody out
here with it but who else is out here
with it
oh I'm area with it I never make it they
said we're never making the big bucks
this is what Hollywood is all about now
let's get it all right
so Dave and Buster's was pretty fun good
time you know only good time but as you
know I have no furniture in my room as
you can see I'm using a stand stand bed
is on the floor and yeah that's my
that's my chair for that yeah sweet
sweet setup right someone ahead to
Office Depot get a death I think I
didn't just find a chair here and be
good but yeah go get a nice desk and go
get ready for this big stream coming
Saturday you know the ps4 giveaway but
yeah that's had three pop look at all
the desk so maybe choose from ball that
looks official that might be the move or
this nice all glass wood Oh talk about
businesses I want any anything that much
yeah one day one day hey the all glass
is pretty cool so it's wood in the glass
uh which one thing gonna go with the old
glass one that's a so party this thing
looks pretty cool look I could
practically fit in there let's buy this
thing get on out of here twelve seconds
later oh my god I literally just carried
a 70 pound death literally
way bigger than I am up these windy ass
steps bigger than me man I couldn't
carry it was it Louie impossible all I
gotta say is no way anything stop you
Beast
y'all a beast everybody's a baby let's
go baby
I want to put this together get all this
junk out of here and uh room should be
nice and tidy
right there
close there nice very nice there's more
to it it's not really done yet it's
gonna be like an l-shape
so I have two monitors one here one here
you know so be like easy to see you such
hand ah yeah I want to put these babies
up here tell with 12 seconds are you
guys ready let's check it out oh my God
look at these nice little setup we got
going on right here get like snow game
force chair you know you got the little
nice little desk top desk ps4 oh my god
I'm so pumped out right now the desk
alone was a this chair with a bowl bring
up here no it's home right now could get
no help but hey he needs help you know
idea Obama himself and no help you ask
to do the same thing don't let anything
in your way you know overcome any
obstacle in life you're not gonna go
anywhere or you just complain about it
we got do something about it but alright
guys anyways that is to blow up thank
you for tuning in there's been a great
one here for giveaway is still this
Saturday at 1:00 p.m. March 17th all you
have to do is subscribe to my twitch
account at Dorf underscore Mambo kids
adults anyone if you have Amazon Prime
it is actually a free subscription yes
you can literally subscribe to my twitch
channel for free and you can put no
money down for this ps4 but for everyone
else is $4.99 for $2.99 or $24 nice
description doesn't matter if you can do
whatever you want also make sure you
subscribe to my youtube channel you know
right here anyway guys alright I see you
all in a couple of days take easy
yeah
