I do have a surprise like I said in my
last law hopefully hopefully it's next
week give you a hand what is good door
squash so you probably wonder why I have
mustache well Logan decided to have a
mustache I was like can't let my boy be
the only one mustache charts time to
join him y'all so pocket I wonder why I
have a beard in my next scene well I
forgot to do an intro video for this
vlog I'm like a lot so this is future
having it gonna be going to past Evan so
my next year I'm about to go to this
photo shoot the first one I've ever done
gives some dope pics for my Instagram
YouTube etc but yeah it's about to be
lit and I'll check it out take it away
past Evan hi guys so I made it to the
class studios about do this photo shoot
but before we get started oh oh touch
that up you're rid of them got a look
extra nice for this shoot pretty pumped
for that so I still get some makeup done
so Danielle here will help me look
pretty you can get rid of these pimples
right all right let's give you these
ugly print balls maybe look good
good boys fresh without rolling y'all we
know the Bullock's looking ice ceem
because like I said it's my first time
I'm doing a photo shoot so I wasn't
really know how to do the movement stop
I think I was getting down towards the
end overall I think it looks pretty good
how you doing damn dawg let's go to door
Hollywood just live in life you already
know this only door flung swimsuit
shooter one low-key like really good
really cute right now so the photo shoot
was pretty cool great experience
hopefully the photos came out great I
mean loving me doubt if they won't but
now I'm gonna go to a parking patch with
Logan and pick some pumpkins I can't
recall the last time I did this it's
probably when I was pretty young I guess
I mean if I can't remember that'll be
fun cool experience hopefully I get a
pumpkin that's as big as me maybe bigger
if maybe I can live in it
Oh that'd be good for all content I live
in a pumpkin for a day I'll be lit you
know always got that mind working all
right so let's go head over and meet up
with luggage so I just pulled up the
lemonade that's where they're at and I'm
trying to find Logan not sure where he's
that he could be in there I don't know
that's Logan I mean if you just see a
guy parked outside with the blue but yes
you know that's Logan look at this thing
this thing just sticks out
Logan longer it's me okay good good for
for two roommates
all right yeah I couldn't tell where you
were had a hard time finding in the cool
bus yeah I could understand people
insane yeah so I made it here at Logan's
bus now where is this pumpkin patch Roy
is nowhere in California yo I'm afraid
it doesn't make any sense down the
street in the city ass life it's like
right now the streets home same row
it was Libya sorry she's better she
finally got eliminated so she's happy
now I'll take I'll take could have you
out you think they like mutant eyes like
these pumpkins to where they give you
off I want to try one that's like almost
as big as anything amazing who's sleep
inside it pumpkin challenge shut up stop
well that's literally what I said before
they hopefully I get a pumpkin thats as
big as me maybe bigger maybe I can live
in it that's how you know you that's how
you know we are boys you will see that
this block Lily the exact work let's go
check out this 24-hour pumpkin so we
made it to the pumpkin patch it's
literally building they're putting their
it's literally in the middle of nowhere
well good job dude I want to know where
these came from that way Brendan I don't
always point out but this is the most
amount of pumpkins ever seen in one city
whoa I feel like this is an ancient a
spunky no joke pumpkins been there for
50 years
yo I wonder if I Robbie or grant me a
wish
did it work where did you wish for
I don't know what
whoa this one looks like a cucumber yeah
so I don't think I've found the perfect
pumpkins for me I look this secure
disfigure sir you wanna try and actually
carve one of these things let's see if I
can make it look funky little cute
pumpkin lot of carving is about to go
down here there's like a photo shoot for
the pumpkin grab this bag boy
Kaspar twelve seconds later I say pie
wondering why my hair's wet I have new
clothes on yeah that's because Logan a
roommate put me in a pumpkin you can see
that in his wall cuz I'm a dwarf and I
like putting me in the small door for a
day love it for this vlog I was gonna
react to some of my old vine videos and
Instagram videos because I don't know if
some of you just know me as Dorf mama
Logan's roommate longer I used to be
Levon yes that's how I started out two
million followers at one point died and
then I died Lydia has never seen any of
old videos I think either yours or
Logan's vines tree ever watch don't
worry about Logan so i'ma start off the
warned that like popped off one of my
first viral yeah almost what maybe it's
my first like I guess like viral vine
wait were you called your mom by this
time - yes always the door from habla so
you know that move meet you and me so
you know the move me oh so you know the
movie uh I think like Mike you just said
move me again I did say that do you know
the movie like like no you know the
movie no what a kid
we'll bow-wow what's the Micra join his
shoes on and he's a best NBA player Wow
great story Lydia great story I'm glad
you are in this video
anyways take a look so I don't know I
forget his name in the movie I was gonna
call a little bow-wow but he puts these
Michael Jordan's old sneakers on and it
gives them the ability to dunk an
enormous lehigh level and just be the
greatest basketball player of all time
so Wells going for was me dunking a
basketball and put the shoes on
hopefully I grow this woman was probably
one of my favorite Instagram videos that
I made called white dwarfs don't play
basketball alone Lydia you can kind of
relate to this orally but uh let's watch
the video
what happened
yeah it's sad very sad that was
hilarious I mean oh my god yeah I know
alright so this was probably my first
ever small too big that I did in the
concept behind these videos were my
friends would toss me an object I'll be
like regular size like a pencil for
instance and then it would change the
frame to me and like my view and I would
catch this object but it would be like
three times four times bigger than
actually what sir here's the examples of
that Wow
just like your supply we don't feel like
I've seen this one before no way yeah I
think I've seen this before oh by the
way shots out the it's Ryan MC will help
me out with the old vines back in the
day okay so this is probably my favorite
vine I ever did Kobe bronze for you so
that is like my favorite vine I've ever
done of all time all time do you do you
understand it no yeah it's funny do you
like understand the concept oh um no
anyways Kobe Bryant jumps over a car as
you can see
No
so Kobe just jumped over the car as you
saw and I thought Kobe Bryant be my
favorite athlete at all I wouldn't even
find this kind of like impersonating his
butt to my level to a funnier level and
I got a toy car jacked out my kobe gear
and act like I jumped over a car damn
comedy gold
this next one really just hits me close
just take a look got a shirt some fresh
chicks I really totally yes so it's like
you're in a bathroom at a hotel anywhere
that the mirror is just really up there
and I'm getting dressed and I just wanna
see how I look but you just don't know
how the mirrors not you only see the top
of your head and just like alright well
just really gotta go out on a limb here
and hope for the best
I don't won the final one so this one
was when I actually met Logan for the
first time he's not in it though
unfortunately sorry boy is probably one
of the coolest experience I had because
of line and being vine popular I guess I
am the ball they don't have a ball so
they used me as a ball but the reason
why that was so cool was because I got
to be in Michigan State's basketball
arena with some of the basketball
players that he saw and also while I was
there I got to meet draymond Green when
he was a rookie I don't know if he
remembers me or not but says out the
dream on weight and I was cool
experience mystery state was so don't
nothing me low game like I said before
and love Louie add now baby vine doing
old days and if you want to see more
make sure you check them out on YouTube
Dorf mob of vines dwarf on my Instagram
videos and all day on YouTube I'm with
egg Lydia will be in here supporting me
laughing at my videos even though some
of them were fake no Ike sincerely like
if I ending their fun really yeah she
likes it cold
hey
negative specia sure people we just cut
straight to the point
no all real baby real all right guys so
that's the vlog is this a little short
vlog here no reacting to my old videos
but if you haven't subscribed yet make
sure you subscribe join the door squad I
do have a surprise like I said in my
last law hopefully hopefully it's next
week give you a hand
see y'all in a couple of days start off
thing toodles I wouldn't do it play it
out see what it's like for ya guys
toodles
