what good so today I should be receiving
a package in the mail I'm not gonna tell
you what I ordered yet but I am pretty
freaking excited for you guys to find
out what it is so what did that my boys
Nico's house and North Hollywood
for some reason he wanted to deliver
their two so I'm gonna go there meet up
with him should be fun but if you're not
subscribed yet make sure you subscribe
also I forgot to mention my video before
this one was my first of a music video
but you know miss you little sister out
of warning Christmas lists no and it's
like fire and it's like it's gonna catch
your house on fire
for sure oh dear so make sure you check
that out got some bars Wow
I'm an idiot anyways let's head over to
that so just arrived to Nicko's place
and oh my god damn that's ugly ass
pimple I don't usually get pimples or
acne I should say but when I do it's
either just one big noticeable pimple
but the whole world see anyway you'll
see what Nick's doing me go I always
blurring when I first come in new videos
yo it's blowing up fire but uh real
reason I came over here this telescope
they did do it sounds like a lot apart
it sounds like something that would
probably have to put together yeah
they're not looking forward to that no
but I'm looking forward to being a tall
person for a few days yeah live the life
of a tall person see out what it's like
to how the air is up there probably
different down here and I don't want to
smell your farts all the time just hope
they'll be tall enough to where you can
smell my fart that would be awesome all
your farts yeah I mean the great parts
brown they're great far let's unpack
this china
oh we gotta work you don't be taller
than you
this is pretty scary this is gonna add
like probably two feet yeah that's gonna
be a pretty high fall oh my god you're
pretty impressive to see you I maneuver
these bad boys yeah cuz you know I'm
used to like having these like baby bags
and let them come on I guess up on this
chair you got to put it on right now yep
right here I need some that hang onto
some of these ham grab this other one
here my keys cause Arizona here hold on
me need someone like to strap these in
oh my god hi not like I'm gonna hold on
to you I tie yeah yeah perfect that's
tight is that tight enough yes pretty
tight this is a calf workout right tight
little bit tighter even when they're
secured pretty unsafe I don't think
that's it here and what is this
contraption
turn around put that one this yeah yeah
a few moments later stretch your legs
are tight mucositis yes good how did you
do it that you got it so tight strength
and muscle they each need to be stronger
I think the guys need to be stronger
using it yeah there's general make sure
that yeah goes around how's that feel no
no God
why dude I'm struggling I'm sorry watch
Nikko dance talking about Ryan yeah
all right dad's got it covered all right
now this is to help me up
yeah so deeply I'm get the hang of it
really yeah no this is too loose came
out I got bowling isn't over yeah let's
go through the doorway is your haven't
stolen first to come through huh right
no yeah what'd you do
let's go on the kitchen always want to
touch the cabinet's won't worry about
they falling behind me yeah one big step
for man one giant leap for door kind
twelves the Queen I love the blue and
the brown strap yeah yeah that's just
like an unnecessary flex yeah I think
I'm sure it's work but yeah guys like
some but long pants the shop Eileen I'm
excited to be like a 40 pant leg yeah
please shorty give me his jeans you're
oh no we dude sighs it's um
all right
this is crazy
Wow nothing alright guys so a Barry's
mother died got the charge also I'm
going to drive Logan's bus later so I
have to go and do that
Mauro you're gonna take these babies out
go to the store maybe get some clothes
like Walt ng let's try to get some
reactions to see if anybody notice that
I'll be a tall person wait short arms I
thought all they do us anyways next day
a back and rides and Arizona's the
yellow I don't need to yell I'm sorry
girl Ryan's get ready so it taking these
stilts out to public I am going to shop
for some adult clothing I'm actually
pretty excited I've shopped in the adult
section before Arizona's coming to and
we might just get people to reaction and
yeah it's gonna be fun today being a
tall person 20 minutes late Dale just
made it to store I put on the stilts now
he's just playing a fitness muscles boy
this one's way too tight ha ha ha he's
been hitting the gym you already know
eventually I suppose mated to the store
look for a pair of jeans Mike Fitch
hey I know it sounds like a tall person
before these cool yeah yeah Moroni a
little longer
oh yes fire why in the waist but they
leave make it work yeah they're nice huh
want to go to the dressing room and I
think we might have to get sweats but
we'll see how big so I I guess my feet
are too big to fit in these jeans neat
see you're gonna go out you know I try
to find another pair you know more
stretching tie some big feet but all
right he goes back the new pant pants a
little more stretch here I guess these
workout buddies will be careful so we
bought this wet pant
I had the stilts off right now what
workout I'm not gonna lie there they're
pretty hard to walk in we're gonna go to
another store real quick and get a pair
of shoes for them and get some like
adult shoes let me shop adult adult
shoes obviously but let's go check it
out I think Arizona found the perfect
size there's a size 18 let's see if they
fit size 18 these are huge oh we got
money the toast example other than that
everybody's doing that now you can even
wrap it around the leg Oh people won't
even know that I'm gonna work this is
perfect so we
picket shoes now let's go try these
things out I guess you guys down to go
to the park let's get it of course tell
the old pigskin Baxter so we made it to
the park and hit some balls
one more okay you're good here we go
here we go baby you got
it's a fun day at the park a tall person
so back at the crib my man Logan here
he's out there looks too tall legs so
long it techies baby down easy dope are
you actually walking them without help a
little bit like people go to the circus
for being able to walk on stilts I want
to show you and you're gonna see how a
better tall person than you are this is
incredible bro no seriously Oh yo he
probably doesn't know who you are dude
come here
look it's Evan no joke he finally has no
idea who you are look at seven Krusty is
avoiding you dawg he's avoiding me Dawg
I gotta say I don't know if I believe
those are your real legs but like I see
what you're trying to do this is weird
hold up I want to test something how
hard is it to walk you walk to the
kitchen what you walked around like this
today I didn't do it like a lot in the
store I can't talk you're not making any
progress you'll grab a plate from the
top shelf bro and just shatter that you
got this out of it get that job so blade
boy that's cuz my boys dog oh this is
crazy bro what have you learned
dude learn what like from being a tall
person like like all the things that you
guys do no I just like with great power
comes great responsibility I take
responsible yeah yeah yeah you doing
responsible absolutely kind of sucks cuz
Lydia went home so she can't clean up
the place
get that tall person cuz I'm saying life
is like it's different for you bro Oh
Howard stitches on the car you probably
do Evan because those don't bend pretty
funny one probably my funniest one yeah
being a tall person for the day it's
fine balling hurt a little bit Bauer
still hurts from that
oh yeah felt well but it's like it
wasn't that bad it was all like dirt and
grass I will catch you if you fall on us
anyway I have a huge announcement coming
next week make sure you tune in for that
cut again late
I have a huge announcement coming up
next week like this is probably the
biggest announcement a lot so make sure
you get ready for that if you don't get
ready if you don't watch every doctor
every day I won't stop for you do you
hear me Logan
alright I see you guys a couple days too
yeah I did
