what if your doors watch so today I'll
be shooting my first-ever
I guess real music video it's what
thanks Paul
I've made a song a comedy rap song yes
it's a comedy rap song but the same time
this sheet goes hard
I'm about to meet my boy Nick you know
him for my last fall the goofy guy he'll
be helping out today other friends gonna
be in it we're gonna go to Santa Monica
we're gonna be in a lot of places today
I have a whole wardrobe set out you know
it's all already packed in this bag you
know I'm always prepared to go I also
have this fur coats that's gonna be in
it I mean do you not not have a music
video without fur coat right what'd you
think about that play the fur coat yeah
yeah she likes so this way for you go to
arrive to pick me up and we're gonna go
to some stores to shop for the music
video
honestly this song will probably be now
know all about is gonna be the most epic
video of all time things I need those
what are you doing girl crazy I just
made it down here it's my boy Nico's car
hey boy guys suck alright let's get it
show them showing the rock nice and when
the car headed to state of Monica you go
here here driving I know you still fall
I'm gonna be in the music video but I
would like to think I am like a nice
cameo I know that guy chocolate vibes
gonna make a big period that's pretty
exciting
I'm excited alright calm down I just
made out here about to start shooting
this music video from amor nico nico
videographer recording you already know
it's about to be i'm sippin right but
I'ma be wait slow down
let's know I love how to any taste no
bullshit a y'all black my crew
let me hit on the first night tell me
why I should call back that's a nice hat
you really well for $15 you can buy a
definitely say this is tag just got
finished with Santa Monica well but
ahead to the store right now the costume
store actually to get some props for
this music video because as you know
it's gonna be hilarious music video and
it's gonna be the most lit music video
of all time push plug a billion views I
know it's like a high gold but look at
me I was gonna go up baby all you guys
that might go up if you moments later
alright so I didn't record anything at
the store because we couldn't find any
elf costumes always came into a
unfortunate event I guess but now we're
about to go into this bathroom stall
with this pee and record a scene in the
bathroom stall oh my god what music
video is he making guys are gonna have
to find out 12 seconds lay down just got
done the bathroom scene got a little
bathroom juice on me reason I say
bathroom juice is because I don't know
what actually got on me but I hope it
was worth it and if I catch anything
from it views baby
if you moments later okay once you get
some verses and and the chorus but right
now I have to go to the costume store
and pick up an elf costume because one
of the scenes or one of the lines I know
you're here and you see the music video
but it's gonna be hilarious twelve
seconds later I wasn't allowed to record
in the store but I picked up probably
the perfect actually not the perfect
because there's an adult-sized l-looking
costume with the Joker I don't know you
didn't come with ears or a hat so I had
a link with the ears Mac I'm not using
hair obviously but I think it will work
out hopefully so I just about the Niko's
place when I go see what he's up to
shown the costume I think you'll love it
oh good baby so you can kill it today
well I got the costume check it out
Tuesday
Wow perfect looks like like a medieval
Joker type thing but I think people will
get like the gist of it are you gonna
wear the tie she's gonna wear it like a
dress I think we just wear it like a
dress and like wear no pants under it so
be like our Joe but no one would know
you know just shut in the book but the
Hat or ears so I get Vanessa it's like
link head costume type thing well I
think you'll be perfect you know got the
ears cuz this is this is definitely
perfect that looks like enough this kid
looks like a little while
hey I think it's great good work good
work thanks dad you hungry though yeah
I'm hungry definitely eat before we
start yeah it's good some grub in and I
start dead before we get something to
eat that's we need just two more supply
for this elf shop we need glitter and
crayons and let's book we're on the
lookout for right now you can find
anything $3 can a great value these are
big candles
$3 yeah it's a good buy right there
that's a deal and ass I guess they don't
have glitter here but maybe stars things
look sick I need green and rub you know
because you know Christmas colors baby
we weren't able to find any glitter so
hopefully we'll check out target I mean
they have to have glitter right yeah
this is no brand deal for target
anything it's just a store that can work
out for us let's go see they have it so
down this aisle I think we're getting
close I can smell the glitter right
under my smell it I don't know if let it
has a smell but dude let's go wait Oh
what technique oh it is Oh Louise I
didn't see it cause like look look at my
little it's a oh I do need an invest in
some will get to tall shoes I just told
you that almost like stilts but I like
it oh yeah they ever wait to give me a
camera I only see my eyes they go your
Spurs I know
hi so we're back from the store about to
shoot the hook here yeah I know we got
the grills he hit that Rolex for the
music video we got that fur coat action
lights now as you can see we are not to
size right now we're getting ready for
that elf scene he goes help me put my
ear on this is probably gonna be one of
my favorite scenes in the video oh my
god we see the grills grilled out Elfi
already know that Oh give like a stapler
or something what stay with always a
staple to use that's probably our only
option because they just don't fit bro I
don't a staple gun that is different
than this one that's gotta be on there
is not enough time yeah dudes not rocket
science it is but when you got some
weird-ass ears
oh we got work make you think on a turn
Oh
what do you got there a letter to Santa
from Sarah still about to build this car
seen that my boy is getting cameo axes
in here just got it hey it's a Prius
Arizona mask one thing
yeah why are you wearing that hat oh my
office viewers I'm suddenly I don't know
why I didn't get a camera who do I talk
to about about all I know what guys over
there take a left
yeah names James ask them yeah yeah you
got it
hi me too
one unsettled
you've got an outfit change over here
for Evan a few moments later just
finished up recording probably the most
epic funniest rap video of all time I
just want to personally thank my man
need made it with the help in the mix
awesome a boy Nick out here video
recording that to Antalya baby in there
he can name what we do really like I was
sitting on this idea for a little bit
I'm just like you know what what do
things like nothing is like you want to
make the most funniest epic brat of all
time because for sure dude has like
flustered dude and it was like alright
perfect open dude I'm gonna have it
Bobby dropped either Saturday or Sunday
not sure yet make sure you want to look
out because history is being made I mean
it's gonna blow up guys I eighty million
in the first minute eighty million in
the first minute yeah I had 90 million
in the first minute 80s pretty modest
wasn't when I was shooting forward but
hey I'll tell you I'll take any million
the first minute let's do it also
wouldn't thinking boy Ryan's gonna help
out here help with the music video I may
in Arizona that much shit with that hat
hey Dixie bro I'm like jealous jealous
Okaloosa jealous of his hat how it looks
on you I wish I wasn't dwarf that no you
don't anyways my boy Kevin's let me use
his nuts with nut shot great ok cameo
done make sure you watch the video look
out for my boys nuts probably the most
memorable part of the whole video but
maybe I hope you enjoyed it it's just a
little like behind the scenes of what's
about to go down it was so fun recording
this and we were laughing the whole time
like it's gonna be so funny it's either
gonna drop this Saturday or Sunday so
make sure you tune in watch the funniest
music video of a dwarf who's rapping
about his problems - which is also
hilarious also make sure you subscribe
join the door squad let's go baby
your biggest point of all time hey guys
new video job soon hope you enjoy it
deuces
