what's good dwarfs what I said today me
and my buddies will go into this donut
shop that makes this 14 karat gold donut
and it's edible and it cost $100 I came
across this on Twitter I saw a video for
it I was like man this can't be real
so we're gonna go try this gold plated
donut and it's about to be insane what
you think about that Aria yeah stick to
your dolly food my boy Nico is gonna be
here any minute
I cannot wait for him to be in Aria hey
Oh because it's living Oh what's it's a
boy yeah actually a girl oh really
well I got some great gifts anyways
alright let's go let's go give it to it
let's go go to her oh hey puppies you
got you gifts even though you thought
you were a boy not there I know I got a
girl we're not a big deal excited for
the kiss let's get it we got here
alright
Wow Aria look and it drill bit you're
kidding right
no I figured you got toys and yeah not a
drill what you gonna do with these
occasions yeah she has a cage yeah if
she needs to fix a cage if I need to
train her to fix her cage
I mean you got a trainer pretty well but
you know every dog these toys and tools
so that's what we got here for a nice
black & decker it's not the cheap stuff
man this isn't cool comes with the case
and everything Oh take it on the go oh
yeah you're about to be a working dog
gets bigger so pretty anything else
check this handy little puppy Boris
that's her she's chocolate yeah
Ferrari yes she can't no dogs can't eat
chocolate really have you ever had a dog
before yeah three pugs
so give him chocolate all the time and
they're not dead no they're really fat
dog okay so anyways bro I have something
planned for us today
what's that well about to go eat a
14-karat gold
donut it cost $100 what who decided to
put gold on and done'
I saw a video on Twitter barely 200 just
like the drill bit anyway so it's bigger
than you would drive to cuz you're my
boy can I have your extender pedals it's
to put on my car and I'll Drive with
them that's not how it works there you
go sport door for you to worry really
not all right fair enough
so when the call right now about to show
up to the donut shop my boy Nico in the
way said he's paying for the donut good
luck well so I can't wait to taste them
I never said that good at least I would
never spend $50 on a donut anyways you
try a bite of it coz he drove here I
guess that's fair even though it's gold
it's gold leading think about that like
you might want to come on put it in like
a to-go container just keep it for a
while
oh wait the tert yeah but it's a golden
turn okay so I think it'd be worth it I
think that would be worth it we can use
in your next block a few moments later
alright so we just made it to the donut
shop it's about to get there hello is it
true you guys have like a gold doughnut
yeah so do you always go about things
like this where you don't really plan
accordingly I didn't know
did you just expect them to have having
a whole tray of golden doughnuts $100
apiece one Twitter did not explain how
you have to order in two days in advance
it might I said at the end because I
didn't watch at the very end it might
have said it am I surprised
no I'm not surprised I kind of expected
that but I definitely thought defeat at
some point would have looked into it
beforehand I didn't think you would be
like hey you got any any gold doughnuts
come out alright if you placed an order
yeah I think I will it's looking for
sure thing I know I saw I saw it
firsthand he looked really surprised
when they didn't have it so
disappointing oh they're so happy it's
like someone's like hey you're growing
two more inches
let me not it's like waiting two more
days late alright guys so it's two days
later Lia was about to pick me up we
bout to go to this donut place again and
actually this time pick up the gold
donut and try it out eat it well that
our yeah this is so cute yeah so about
to go do that so let's go meet up with
me back in the car with me promise you
bro this time we are going to try the
donut I mean you did put in the order
this time today's that's today did it
you have to give them a time like it was
looking like an appointment yeah yeah
what I'm gonna come to pick it up like a
peanut like a child or something like
hot let me ever guess you know it's a
left 34 kind of late for an appointment
I'm like pretty pumped for these like 14
karat gold Dona let's get to the action
12 seconds later so we've been driving
around town now for the past like 30
minutes Nikko can't find a parking spot
to save his life I just did no no I
literally turned around for that spot I
made an illegal u-turn I can't believe
that and it was another Honda CRV an
older one 2016 get out of here
Nandi Gillian omens 2018 lay probably
still have an ox in your car 12 seconds
later yeah you go you ready I'm so
pumped favorite we here baby by the
chatons gold don't you see thank you do
that that's legit a bull rap don't it
bro
run it out yeah I don't even know if I
want to eat it but I do okay ever had
anything yeah okay so we got the dog I'm
not gonna eat it yet because we're
starving right now
last time we were starving we did eat at
the donut shop and we both almost puked
that that is a fact so no you look quick
I guess have the donut with us so
there's a note in the car cuz I don't
know if this gold camo yeah so we're
eating now as you can see any go housing
me Oh heartthrob no oh oh my god never
eat with your mouth open kids better I
said we eat it for dessert what if we
pawn it come on dr. gold donut that
would be hilarious
I mean if it's gold it is oh it is no
hot value but I don't know if you can
pawn food that might be the only thing
we're gonna find out okay so we made it
to the pawn shop Nico has the gold
plated donut we're gonna go and try to
make some money
boom there's no time hopefully we can
get like a new iPod or something I need
alive for gold donut I'll take it oh
look they buy gold
that's pretty could be any considering
Liverpool donut that is a very
convenient let's go try this out man I
can't take it we are over stuck we have
plenty of gold on us over there so once
I sell them I'll get yours all right
thanks man okay so that was weird that
they're over Stockton gold doughnut I
guess that's a high market in the porn
industry then I was on oh I was unaware
I definitely didn't expect to see as
many gold doughnuts as I saw they had
more gold turnips and they had that
golden goal more gold gold I guess gold
doughnuts is the thing now like screw
gold necklaces diamond rings go down
rings like I'm asking for gold doughnut
for Christmas I want to go doughnut
chain that'd be pretty awesome put this
chain on a chain let's kind of bomb the
pawnshop didn't take it what flavor do
you think it is gold waiver Matt yeah
here's your four it still kind of Bob we
can put it on this chain how about to
rock this we get a hoist you go back and
buy another one
true oh I don't want to know what flavor
it is like aw dude even when you're
covering the whole thing bottom of the
bottom is brown high well about the
Chinese gold donor
well a lot of flavor Blagh flavor it's
good but not like this I don't really
don't know Charlie's I really don't know
what the flavor is let's see here it
looks bread like red jelly and the
inside I did eat like a jelly type taste
vibe yeah I'm surprising you like you
can't pick the flavor I mean if there's
like I hope you like jelly yeah I'm
actually like what actually like what
kind of flavor doughnut do I want oh
yeah they definitely made their own
decision right I don't QC that Wow
the doughnuts good then the gold adds
like a nice like not good to it it does
it tastes like boiled seriously what the
big filled part is like what do you what
does that taste like to you the filling
cherry jelly chariot my cherry
yeah it's like pies you get honestly I'm
not a huge jelly guy I don't like jelly
doughnuts jelly-filled doughnuts
whatever that's disgusting I don't even
like Ellie I don't like jelly on my
toast
I'm a huge Joey who's jelly so that's
why you like it then you didn't have the
reaction that I did
haha very likely he liked it I did I
think it's pretty good you want to eat
the rest of it or good honestly I don't
think I want to try it but I think we're
forgetting like the mystique here like
it's a donut covered in gold
yeah it was like it was cool at first
but now it's just like I like more
bummed out I think I need at least like
one more one more
maybe that's what we want to be Lydia
food critics what else are we supposed
to do lie to the people they trying it
on it sorry guys I would never lie to
you
apparently lies to a lot of people do
you really like that jelly it's like a
mix dude honestly was it worth $100 no
was it worth the experience definitely
do you realize what we have in our
presence right now we can really take
this gold that's on this donut and put
it on any food we want so we can have
gold anything go to any take gold grapes
pineapple they'll go bad apple let's go
see what we got
um we didn't get an egg you want me to
get it yeah could you
yeah let's see how it tastes with an egg
and gold golden eggs baby golden egg so
first we got it
gimme this off here that's really good
oh I missed it oh is that gold
I don't ideas work it tastes like a
doughnut a cool Joe
alright it's gonna go ahead and eat okay
okay golden egg I've never had gold on
an egg before it yeah this is gonna be
this is gonna be awesome
that's taste hmm
it adds a sweetness to the egg so I
think I'm getting some of that doughnut
in there the gold the gold has the
sweetness yeah I feel like I just woke
up on a farm and I looking outside the
sunshine it mom's got eggs from the
chickens in the barn
yeah it really tastes like having a man
this is how you eat your eggs only way
only way to eat the eggs normally I'm
sprinkling salt I'm sprinkling gold oh
you made it
this is great oh yeah oh my god oh wow
that is good I can tell by your face
that you really enjoying this I love it
really good really good so that was
pretty disgusting I think you did you
have anything in mind I actually did all
right what is it dog food yeah pick
whichever one you like then they all
look great so I'm allowed to choose yeah
I never ever came encountered with this
type of situation before in my life give
this I said it's chicken she can formula
thanks Robbie the best you're gonna get
better than a milk-bone Hey flavor again
I really like them no fudge here we go
many rewards chicken formula for my man
Evan for after you know for it you don't
like it you're not gonna wait oh
it's just ten times worse than the egg
that's gotta be Alize better go hold on
it yeah Lisa's gold for you just go
ahead and use your fork to get the rest
on there do we need a fork actually do
that yeah it's like that guys eat the
whole thing
who can I cut in half uh you can
it's really hard so it's gonna eat the
whole thing
oh there's some dogs out there that
don't even have treats and so sorry to
all the dogs that are watching and uh
well I couldn't chew it and what it's
hard no that does not mess
that's not worse no that is ma we're
even no way I would never eat one of
those four dogs I'm a person all right
so that's pretty disgusting stomach
doesn't feel too good at that but in
other words
Lovings going on today which is pretty
tough excited to see him go a mix of
peace and quiet that's for sure but
definitely miss Sam can't wait to see
how a pretty epic one I mean a gold
doughnut I don't think any of you have
ever heard of that I know I have before
I came out here definitely great
experience great spirits are you oh god
you're freaking cool if you guys don't
think this is the just the cutest dog
ever then I don't know you obviously
can't see it anyways make sure you
subscribe join the dog squad we just
passed a million subscribers by the way
let's go I'm so happy thank you all my
fans for watching make sure you turn
that notification button on also so you
know when my new vlogs drop I have
something very special coming up in the
next week and you'll see them a next
vlog a little bit more about what's
going down
I'm telling you this it's about to be
history in the making
anyway guys know nothing easy hi guys
thank you for watching I'm outie 5000 oh
my god
