what is good door squat I feel like I'm
always starting to fall when I come out
of the shower oh no you want to start
fresh feel fresh look fresh fresh flow
so I'm about to go to the bank right now
and withdraw a thousand dollars the
reason I'm doing this is because
tomorrow Sunday I am getting Oriya the
dog I cannot wait I'm so excited I've
said this before I've never had a dog
before and I've always wanted one always
wanted a dog the fact that I finally get
to have this it's like one of my dreams
coming true really is well that's going
to Italy for we so he won't be able to
see Aria until he gets back obviously
but when I was going for the amount of
time after the world dwarf Games he was
using have this fake wannabe everywhere
I go and it's dope because sorry look it
was dope because he's shorter than me
yeah how's it feel to be the short of
one
oh just like do you sorry sorry so I'm
also going to meet up with my boy Nico
we're gonna write a song we're gonna be
it's gonna be pretty funny it's gonna be
a hilarious song so yeah let's get to
that okay so about the head to the
studio but before I do that make sure my
boys safe over yourself go strap Logan
in dammit it was like he's all saved and
ready to head to the studio let's get it
so I guess this is kind of like driving
with Evan what'd you say Logan yeah but
it's not the same without a love you
already got that
it's like it's my version so it's like
driving with doors Mamba I see you have
the directions right
going straight I think I can use the
carpool lane technically right
what do you say Logan yeah I would say
so too
why not let's try it so we made it to
Nico's house do you uh do you want to do
the sign-off so about the walk in the
studio here I got my man love with me
cuz you know I need his expertise on
some shit
don't go we live in baby hey J to make
this fire a saw to it you know also if
you don't mind I bought Logan here if
that's okay guys you know what's up how
you doing my man
yes so anyways as you know like he's
pretty good he's a good mentor and all
like I want him there like listening and
like just give his you said some some
stuff too yeah
we're not done yet with the song a
little more lines and mixing with it so
much man it's my pleasure big guy we got
a hit on our hands we are literally
making history I'll talk at number one
on the Billboard number one Apple music
I'm gonna win a Grammy number they yell
I just wanna he's my boy nique
everything but now coming back to the
crib gotta get a little good rest in
because tomorrow getting my dog Oh early
in the morning really yeah we're to have
to go to get it's like 40 minutes out
damn we gonna cut cut start the next
thing today is the big day
oh my god I literally selling death this
morning that is right today's the big
day
I'm going to pick up Aria I cannot wait
I'm so excited I am so tired - gonna be
like a 40-minute dry hopefully I don't
fall asleep on the way oh my hip petco
before get some dog food leash through
the ball water ball toys dog stuff you
got to come home to some pretty nice
gift so yeah let's head to there a few
moments later just means I'm about to
pick up and bring her home but before I
bring her home got hit the best door got
to see what toys she won I know the dog
food because of the breeder let's go get
it 12 seconds later alright guys I just
chopped up Aria at my place so having my
friend Hunter watcher apparently Aria
hasn't got her burn sexy yet I can't
take her out to public places or like
really take her anywhere because if I do
she could get a heart worm and then she
could die I don't want that to happen
but I'm at Petco right now wish I could
bring her can't I want to get our leash
collar food water bowl I know I haven't
showed it yet and I didn't show me
picking her out I'm letting the suspense
build out let's go to Petco guess we
shit head out a few moments later I am
so on this door now I think I found the
perfect water and food bowl it's like
chocolate girly at the same time no
definitely copy this she's also teething
right now I'm gonna need some to Tori's
for sure I think this one's good maybe
like some sort of ball the football she
doesn't gonna be
a sports dog don't care some rope or
tug-of-war and definitely get stuffed
animals some sort oh definitely this Fox
oh yeah almost we're gonna get in here
they got collar for now I don't know I
feel like you look weird I'm a collar at
least something like this that girl type
thing
mhm definitely last but not least I need
to get a dog
and you won't believe it that's the kind
of she's been eating now and it's on the
top shelf
let's see how this works out thinking I
think bowl water chew toys collar food
so treats me some treats maybe something
like these eat those commercials like
that dog goes crazy I was at the store
forgetting one the two most important
things
where's she gonna sleep Kim clutch the
great a the doggy bed it's good okay
let's go me seconds later oh I saw back
at the crib all this supplies here let's
go see are you oh yeah this is hunter
everyone she was watching the dog for me
what are you doing over those days look
at this dog
oh alright he likes being on camera I
can already tell you about to be a star
baby oh yeah dog food dog event
dolly cage it's heavy so I'm like I'm
throwing Oh Jude Oi you went to my fever
you want you at that sweet oh that's
like a king size bed fur that's where
you're sleeping you can't see my bed oh
and she's peeing that's that's wonderful
oh look at that that's great because you
potty-trained a set okay I got this
towel that's some yellow piss girls
see-through
now you got to do this it's just super
rays or some high summer one I let you
chew toy
look at you good you where I got you
some a few moments later
oh you lookin flies hell girl did you oh
you are the cutest dog of all time so
hunter this occasional it's gonna be
hard for you know a guy like me to put
it together you think you know I'm sorry
sometimes I think I should slow down but
snow I love had any taste no black
Lucario
I am so sorry I did not think about how
small you were I think this is working
out Oh the card the new collar that
fruit boat water at home yeah
alright guys this is the next day now
but that is the vlog Aria it's still
cute as hell look at you hey Doc wait on
this hmm Oh loves are dead if you're not
subscribed make sure you subscribe join
the dwarf squad
still as you can tell a little make sure
you tune in to my next vlog got some
epic stuff coming up all right deal
