whoa let's go door squat bet some shades
got the Rolly and oh what among wearing
potential merch from dwarf Mamba
exclusive I was right potentially I've
merged drop in let's see how you guys
react to it in the comic I see how many
likes this video again let's try to get
100 maybe 200,000 likes they gonna drop
some Merc Logan and I are going downtown
today going downtown doing crazy stuff
you buy new shades I feel like every
time Logan I go out to where there's
stores to shop at we always buy a pair
of shades like it happens nine times out
of ten I would say and of course I'm
about to be driving and I mean I thought
that but don't like it I love driving
I'm weird I'm wearing like that but I
don't like you when Logan screams in my
ear when I mess up when I totally a mess
somedays I messed up you just gotta wait
to the final approach and realize that I
didn't mess up if you're not a part of
the squad make sure you subscribe one of
the biggest squad that's about to beat
you turn that notification button Zorn
so you know when my new vlog drop also
make sure you follow my other counts
Instagram at dwarf Mamba winner at dwarf
underscore Mamba cuz someone took that
dwarf mama oh well but it's the way
let's go and drive so we came down here
to do some driving runs out Logan's poor
and I've got a flat tire poor I guess
I'm gonna drive another time oh no no
we're still driving
okay so driving can I figure that out I
guess later hungry I haven't eaten for
like four hours and I'm starting to get
hangry ordained gree that's door of
angry we're gonna drive to the store
with a flat tire yeah you're fine I've
done this a thousand times so if I
messed up over the car messes up it's
not my fault no no it's my fault
okay thank God I don't think I would do
some peel outs then and now is not the
time so we finally dropped Logan's car
off gonna get that fixed how we're gonna
get some fish on that dang green anymore
well I'm gonna call person context just
hanger is at angry you guys are just
like in the norm say just hangry so we
always have our cool like vocab words
when you get with other dwarves you
like establish this like is there a
Webster's dictionary for doors I like it
Oh Dwight Dwarfs them is it is it like
urban dwarf scenario calm okay yeah I'm
giving you too much information it's
kind of like our thing so it's like to
stay out of it I'll step up here yeah
just ditch haha so Logan realize oh he's
gonna follow that not that angry or
angry anymore if I got food in my beer
my girl few riches there's a beard and
the nutria stoked about that I yes why
are they go get these STD checks with
liliane don't know why and I'm not gonna
vlog it so I just blog after of the that
okay he'll be the next morning so today
I'm going to my first USC game going
with my boy sky nico is about to be late
this is nico by the way yeah what's up
door squad he will be filming today for
me and be my videographer even though he
does nothing with cameras I love cameras
grew up around them Phil my whole life
yeah he's an idiot okay so let's go say
what's up the guy wait well he doesn't
see me to the peephole oh this is the
crib oh this is so college I don't know
kai is a rapper he's coming out with a
new album soon actually so have to be
fucking with when we get into today
gotta hit some frat parties some tear
gas no game hit the game baby so
basically we're gonna fuckin send it
without offending one minute 37 seconds
later myself you can't hear now sound
like it's a
later that same evening just pull up to
the Coliseum is but first ever urasue
game not my first bleachy game I did go
to a Penn State game one
so stop when they go inside see some
action watch your C way
I see them creep to see them creepy when
are they asleep in any sleep down there
sweat this dope game
dobe action thank you so much
I had so much fun at USC thank you so
much everybody is there show me a good
time
definitely not my last time going back
there not be lit again I give a big
shout out the car thank you for showing
me around taking me to my first USC
football game tailgating was fine it was
just so much fun fun all around I got to
relive my college life to split the day
I missed it so much fun like I said
before
definitely not my last time going back
we for sure sent it okay but before I
thought all guys show you guys so oh I
read mom Baja I saved all the money I
had got these new grills and I just
wanna say it could be a little bit
better but I'm glad you got it as this
yeah yeah that's the best you're gonna
get I don't think they could be better
but I see your tongue as I see your
tongue as I is your tongue Cole are you
chewing on ice cute I'm like 24/7 just
straight shown on some high to do this
alright nothing a little bit better make
sure subscribe join the door squad the
only squad that doors and tall people
yes thank you for watching I'll see
y'all next week deuces
