what's good door squad this guy the
shower looking fresh got the new shades
on
oh that Rolex on that wrist so today
about to go go-karting and we called to
see if I could reach the pedals cuz
sometimes when I go go-karting I usually
just end up being disappointed they're
like sir you're too sure to drive the
car I'm just like all right and I'll
leave leave disappointed leave upset so
we called ahead to make sure I am able
to drive I'm fifty inches and they said
the minimum height requirement is 50
inches first talk about that that's a
bit logan's and go party but lose to a
door and it's about day just lure
somebody go go-karting and of course I'm
driving like always because I'm his
chauffeur now
yo driving if I do end up not being able
to drive these go-karts like I'm gonna
use my pedal extensions instead see how
that works out did they give me I'm
gonna give them and you do not want door
Dwarfs just honestly the worst kind it's
literally the worst kind of so we
finally made it here to the go-karting
facility when I say facility well let's
see if I end up being happy today from
one of the seven doors or grumpy because
I'll be disappointed and they be saying
well you got these worth jokes on deck
bro Oh deck always in my pocket
yeah put your heels on the back
we're gonna pull the immature it's your
she said we had to make a profile right
makes sense now makes a lot of sense we
don't have a profile they want strings
now it doesn't make sense so my racy
name
Dorf guy obviously I'm the god of doors
and all the other doors han come let's
go up on the race here I love and a
higher place in the bet what's the bet
Logan for Warren G on the real guys like
it's a known statistical fact that all
people getting more accident than
wharves probably because it might not be
that many Dwarfs had told me but it's
anything it's just it's cool fact that
tall people get way more in accidents
the doors because we're like better
drivers obviously and boss sorry but
it's true okay so Logan I have a
thousand dollars going on this race I'm
pretty confident gonna win because I
told you before about the statistical
analysis what all people getting more
accidents and or no fact I didn't know
that there's more talking with the door
so it makes sense that oh now I know
it wasn't fair because this cards not me
Fedor I'm gonna be honest most stuff
like my biceps are burning right now the
world is not made me to watch that I
also have to apologize to you I hit he
hit me so hard I hit the wall I was
trying with mercy no son Brendan no yeah
bro I turn around to white and I saw
heaven get like whiplash you like good
yeah so if fair to say is a hate earth
made the world the door please you tell
people the world's easily made for y'all
yo but having the bright side is this
now you the world's most famous door
make the world four doors
no more top shelf fine no I'm yelling at
you cuz you talk people create a top
shelf I did not know so go-karting was
fun if you were a taller person not a
dwarf about 50 inches and sound of door
anyway so it's a new day new me nobody
knew me because I haven't grown but like
new me isn't like feelings wise and like
hey you don't want to meet anyways
today's a special day because I'm
potentially getting a new puppy it's
gonna be a pitbull American Terrier the
name is Ari I don't know some Game of
Thrones fans are out there but yes it is
a shoes I'm going to put my deposit down
today going to drive about I say an hour
to meet her but I am so excited Kong's
gonna have a brand new sister and
they're gonna get along and it's gonna
be tough so embed it to the house where
I will meet Arya the puppy bargain came
to join the because it will be the
uncle of this dog so about to put my
deposit Amy Toria
hold on login what if you don't like the
dog
this was a big waste everyone who is I
hope we like this dog from a stove every
word so it is more what I consider
classic it's Takashi is a cutie
I must say every what do you think it
bro
like people have my doubts my parents
have my doubts of taking care of this
dog right now but I'm gonna prove them
wrong I've never had it all before and
but I've always been around dogs and
dogs I've always loved me they can live
to be 10 to 15 years so you know it's
your buddy he could outlive you given
our circumstances in life any chance the
Pomeranian breeds with the pitbull don't
don't suggest it no I think I think so
that was probably one of the cutest
genes you look in the eyes bro
a tear drip for my face I'll probably be
like a foot taller by popping now cuz I
can't grow any more but you get it so we
just made it back to the crib that dog
was probably one of the cutest dogs I've
ever seen it is an American Pit Bull
Terrier and pitbulls have bad rent
people always talk bad about like how
they're aggressive either not friendly
and I'm here to prove that wrong I love
people they're probably one of the most
nicest dogs you could ever have
yes they can be overly protective
sometimes that's because they love you
and I just this before but multiple
people are doubting you taking care of
this dog cuz I never had a dog before
but I'm here to prove them wrong I'm
gonna be so dedicated to this dog I'm
gonna love this dog clean up the poop
clean up the pee so Lydia doesn't have
to anyway we're take it to obedience
school with Logan and cone and calling
it a lover he's gonna have a younger
sister and people were down on me
dropping out of college after two years
moving out here not knowing if this
would last long but look at me Wow oh no
it's almost like how the door fits and
then people down you one of the things
that you can't do for instance play
sports like basketball or football or
soccer like people doubt it's just
and then once the event actually
happened and proving them wrong and
seeing the looks that they make of just
stunts
I love that feeling proving people wrong
that's what I'm basically my message is
to always prove people wrong never let
anyone talk you down never let anyone
doubt you always prove them wrong I'm
gonna do with this dog I want to prove
everyone wrong
pit bulls are not vicious not me this is
gonna be the sweetest dog and they'll
love it like crazy like it's my own
child it sucks to have to wait till its
43rd to picker
but once that day comes it's gonna be
like Christmas it's gonna be I'm gonna
like I'm almost crying just think about
it and you're gonna be the next famous
dog other than Kong obviously but
they're gonna go to the top together
just like me I love you know going to
the top together so Jim later that same
evening
so I breathe through my stomach not my
chest okay I have to meditate every
morning is like one of the things I have
to do in order for the store so the
first parts of breath diaphragmatic
breathing it happens through my stomach
gets more oxygen to my brain second
thing I rub my hands together it
increases the temperature by hands by
about three degrees and it creates a
little static that's why you Curtis say
like you saw spark then the heat builds
the energy bill the reason I'm going to
take him now is because I want you to
know I don't have time to attach a
magnet or a string you know I'm not
talking to you for five minutes wormhole
dermal acids put your hands on top of my
hands real quick one
here hello one hand here this fellow
about a so this is probably the last
time
graduation day is I have a improv
performance that I'm about to go to it's
my very less improv and if I tweet this
then I move on to the next level and
I'll have my friends there to support me
okay you coming to see me performing
course Road jokes I graduate he's my
last performance and you'll be see me
perform live judge me if I'm lying to
rich city I'm not gonna be state but you
have nothing to be nervous about the
such fact that I'll be watching you
brand new be watching you Lydia's
watching you this cameras watching you
my camera will be watching you and
millions of people on the Internet Oh
blast you with improv is this is the
breakdown so it's gonna be me and like
six other people maybe seven one
person's gonna go out and then I ask the
audience all right this is blah blah
blah and all we need to get started is
one word from the audience it could be
anywhere it could be like football for
example and then someone has a monologue
like a story about the football or
something that's related to football and
then we have three scenes and we act out
whatever scene in the model I'm gonna be
funny but none of it is sketch it's all
just quick comes the brains just like
right on the spot so that's why I'm kind
of nervous about thank you I it's like I
can't stop if I do stuff then it's gonna
be awkward and I had to be funny it's
gonna be it's gonna be a lot so you
gotta make it up as you go you have to
make up as I go and I think it's made
like 20 minutes I'm gonna try to get
maybe two to three scenes in I could hop
in anytime I want dude that's gonna be
sick yeah we just got here what improv
class here at UCB which is like improv
group there's like a bunch of em in LA
but come and take classes and they go
and perform I don't have as a little
nervous I kind of feel bad for her but I
know my man's gonna kill he's gonna
murder it and
God celebrate I know Logan's coming
Brendan all his friends are gonna be
there it's gonna be a lot a lot a lot a
lot of fun yeah I have to wait outside
because you can't go in unless you're
performing and since I'm here early I
just have to wait Pacey you said to join
support yeah excited to see it from my
father at my neck in a row Dorfman
check to see him play moral support just
here I'm making sure everything runs
smoothly Bob with the entire process
looking forward to a great graduation in
the great show it's his big day
what's up big though dude how was it man
you feel that was nervous yeah I could
barely see you guys which helped a lot
you're gonna sell those in the front I
was like now yeah we do thanks for
coming up do UK me up some families form
you did it that's my son and I love but
I can't believe you actually made it
honestly years are probably to
everything yo but I'm a did you think
you know I actually know that was dull
had a good time now is on to the next
over improv might do it might not go on
like doing you shoot I didn't do it how
do we do it you together
anyways okay okay so that is the vlog
thank you for watching I want to thank
Percy my man Kevin for recording and
coming to my improv show boy hey man I'm
so proud of you thank you if you're not
subscribed make sure you subscribe join
the door squad the best going squad as
of now you're smart going strong Mike
kind of notification but annoying I'll
see y'all maybe a few days but uh I
Duras
