what's good door squad today we are
heading to Nashville to see one of the
greatest solar eclipse to happen some
like that anyway so apparently this
eclipse only happens once in our
lifetime it should be pretty frickin
epic to watch this I don't know if you
guys knows yet probably do from logos
ball but we just got evicted from our
place we have about 40 days left stuff
is getting a little hectic around here
as you can see boom yeah what if this is
my room what is going on here this is
just literally looks like a homeless
person lives here oh my gosh what is
going on here oh you know what's going
on anyway so we're about to go to the
airport you guys in Nashville okay we're
here at the airport we have a delay
right now Logan
what tell me something what's so special
about this solar eclipse oh you don't
have been broken bro hotels and houses
in this area have been rented Airbnb for
like I'm not even kidding
two years now because of this solar
eclipse this is happening once in our
lifetime you're 20 I'm 22 there's having
once in our lifetime the solar eclipse
is going across you in that states the
moon is going to block the Sun and it's
going to be dark for two and a half
minutes at 1:30 p.m. in the middle of a
pitch black pitch black that doesn't
happen that doesn't have to be the mode
tents two and a half minutes from old
literally like imagine scrambling for
camera Cooper don't hopefully you don't
lose me in the darkest it's never
happened before but maybe some goes
down like your son is going back the
lights are called the world's door
this might be the it's basically gonna
be like the rapture but like put to work
I'll be sad thing all the doors to be
taking it personally bro I can't have
that I can't have it because you know
all doors are good yeah I know you might
need to stay in LA room shut up like
well I can't have you disappearing the
 I blogged on everyone staying I
will see it actually cost of log bro you
should still come though yeah yeah no
he's still coming it was a joke okay
guys so we find it on the plane and look
who's beside me hey Jay Paul I'm so
Logan what's it like being back here in
the poor light that online a lot I tried
to upgrade the business first class they
told me to go myself you tried to leave
us yes well seconds later they steered
us work on elbow room when you expect
room please
I woke up and be smaller no one told you
we woke up in bitch alright so we made
it here in Tennessee I'm about to go see
this epic solar eclipse that only
happens one our lifetime yeah I actually
don't know that's true that's I've been
saying this I'm just rocking I think
it's only once in a lot this is Colby by
the way yo what up yes that's the crib
that's where the boys are staying in TV
Chris baby hey that's good so we made it
to the rooftop of where we'll be
watching the solar eclipse on a line
gonna be pretty
wait we out here baby
I get to see it no matter how tall you
are get to see it let's go see the
clouds just lying here in order to get
to the top no box up there about to pee
my Tootsie everyone's having trouble
getting through it but I'll be that's
gonna be a problem
so the reason I'm wearing these glasses
because we stare at their solar eclipse
you will literally go blonde insane
right so at the way these glasses make
me look like I'm in the old time like 3d
movie type stage solar eclipse is just
about to happen right now
and I can't show you guys right now
because if I show you then my camera
would burn right now you just see the
little speck of the moon right now it's
just crazy this is crazy right now so in
about 10 minutes this is all gonna be
complete darkness we're gonna able to
see the store Venus Mars it's literally
about to be the most incredible thing
I'm going to witness Mall gonna witness
if you're watching gonna be sick you
guys that is so cool right now this is
crazy it's getting really dark right now
however you tell but the rise is pretty
dark right there about the moon's about
to go over any minute now this is it's a
this is crazy this is the same indeed
Cindy oh my god
this way only 60 degrees sunset witness
once-in-a-lifetime let's plan it right
there possibly Venus or more scissors
and say this is insane right now still
talk over there but right over there
right we just witness something not only
happened once in our lifetime it is
still going on the words can't describe
this Lilly words can't describe this
like if you're miss if you miss this
then you suck like I'm sorry
so Nashville was pretty tall couldn't
vlog on the trip back has got my damn
charger for my camera and it died on me
anyways I'm here with Arizona
whoa I'm Ryan and we're battling over
the beach right now here's some waves
and I ain't talking surfing don't we're
doing boogie boardin baby
we know you boarded baby so we're gonna
get some sick footage with the beach
they have a blast and hottish a few
moments later so we made out hit the
beach I got umbrella for us you know cuz
you know he had to negotiate for an
umbrella don't know why he got the
board's here better booty boys a bag or
no gotta catch these monster wave it's
about to get a few moments later
Logan decides to show up you must be
part of the boogie board game hello be
part of the boogie boy boy no no I am
part of the boogie board boys bro I
earned my spot and we're doing do this
stick montage
now we out here we did skate boys now I
mean I'm gonna longboard but they're on
the skateboard and we cruise out here
and Venice footage hit the landed dos
loving risÃ« the board a little bit
again I got these trucks wrong didn't
card dumbass and I carved that a ham
baby
one utility I'm gonna bother telling
these two tall people show was good
Oh what you're about to do heaven for
the door squat Toby
now what's going on man no Jay Ryan you
won fair and square
perfect perfect sizes so now I'm gonna
do some driving saves life I could drive
much better than you can I just like you
driving cuz it's funny for my vlog and I
get subscribed why it's funny do you
think you dork driving a car is funny no
what do you don't do you people not
believe that we can drive cars no it's
it's like oh that's definitely the time
we're saying hello hi that's how what
I'm saying I'm saying you driving car
it's funny cuz you're a dwarf blog where
I Drive for the first time it's
funny bro it's comedy yeah your fuck's
up this is how I draw I got that dwarf
technology going on attached to the
pedal it extends out cuz you know my
short ass leg every time we do start
driving
he's always got put this GoPro right in
front of my vision hey like if we crash
it was good of this GoPro definitely his
fault no one else is so we're driving
right now
no you're driving so so I'm driving
right for you don't yell at me when
you're driving fine
I thank you
because of the business first because of
the precipitation because of the
precipitation but enough water molecules
back into a ball they are drop from
there right giving us this water mouth
Reds fed from the cloud acid right so
driving was pretty new maybe here alive
I think I think I found them one of the
dopest pea bastards I see I need your
glasses going out at night I don't have
a pair of those they have a pair for
like during the day but I need a pair
for night I think these on the move
definitely move so you know just coming
in the store where this nice store the
people got comfort someone repeatedly
flicking them also ended up buying these
and Logan over there he's also getting
the same pair as I am his wild lovin why
cuz who's the best applying what are you
walking so I found these glasses maybe
the way Harry Potter don't make me tall
oh it didn't work so we visually came
here to get a frisbee yeah which we got
put on do a car shopping instead no
which one should I kick do that boy
circles kind of hard it's got training
wheels on it that has a shovel you can
do yourself
there's a shovel check check how many
miles it has 20 miles on it it's not bad
you could totally do it
I think yeah I do that do I need to
thank you I'm just gonna live with
anyways make sure you like subscribe
notification why you know join the
fastest growing YouTube channel as of
now over the Logan coz Logan socks I'm
cool join the dorm squad be the stronger
squad of all time and oh yeah it's only
doors are allowed sorry I like tall
people into
