Oh your pipe wonder what it is oh you
already know what it is like I said
before great day great morning I'm up
early getting ready to go you know it's
feel great it's a great day today you
know beep I wonder why is he wearing the
same outfit last fall yes I am cuz I
continued my last vlog wanted this one
anyways if you're not pod door squad and
you want to know it describe but enjoy
the squad we out here baby embrace your
difference you know that's what it's all
about you man I'm also excited today is
gonna be so with today how that package
that came great package that came and
some special awesome special you know a
little little birthday gift to myself
you know just out cane yes I throw a mug
but I yarn it out buddy stoked about it
this up let's check out what's open it
all baby
I don't have scissors up here hassle
it's open this baby up if I can one
utility later what a package just to
find out there's another package it is
as big as me another package oh your PI
wonder what it is oh you already know
what it is like I said before oh there's
my baby
this year's my first every Cuban link
this thing is just to die look how
beautiful it is shine bright like a
diamond
there's no diamonds on this yet but I'm
just so glad of the accomplishments that
I am you know if in achieving these past
days and I've just been really proud of
myself in a new grind and you can do the
same exact thing look at me I'm so
called different but I'm killing out
here baby this should motivate you guys
just this is definitely motivating me
I've worked hard for this you know like
I've worked hard for the BMW you guys
can do the same thing don't let anything
get in your way don't let anyone tell
you can't embrace who you are you can't
achieve anything
I'm so excited I love this let me try it
on a few moments later
maybe a little too big I haven't shaved
out a little bit but lay that looking
slick on the wrist look is the beginner
is Oh what do you care it ya know
I think it 14 oh no for ya baby this is
so beautiful
alright let's get the day started and go
take this baby out well seconds later oh
yeah you know that's a clean shave now
look nice noise noise got a nice black
button down just shirt you know with the
human leg on the wrist would look nice
in a Rollie on the left one but yes I'm
about to go take your pictures with the
Cuban link in the Rolex and with are you
with onyx come yeah should be a nice day
let's go see what they're doing
devil oh are you guys going good man I
really like your black collar sure do
you like friends right right you know
since I look fresh and like your
photographer what I was thinking was
like maybe you want to do like a little
bit of photo shoot I don't want
photography a little bit we could use
online yeah yeah 12 seconds later
alright so we made the spot re that was
your like first time driving with me
right yeah dude first time ever
yeah without your first time ago with
the dwarf yeah dude you're really good
yeah he came with Dana my second time
drive with the door okay eat it again
he's already hit close what uh we are
here at the nice overlook view and uh
let's go get some pics are shopping in
youth and his buddy nice
I just got some shooting then we hear
someone scream and uh it's really nice
well this isn't even that and we get
some merch oh wait why'd you touch my
door for you to you know
oh you guys I'm a little kisser it's for
everyone question I went close like
anyone else get your first or before you
say that bro logan paul that con / nice
photo shoot I just wanna dig my man
already grown great pictures as you saw
in the vlog and I'll make sure you look
guys mr. grand I'll be in there
Weiss Weiss wheeze sounds like a knees
beating Logan's ass and this is what the
11th day what oh my god I zoomed in
while your eyes were really big like
that you look creepy
alright snowy it's nice to make fun of
Logan just a little bit anyways what's
going on over here got a nice little
twitch set up here Oh got some fruit
here so I stream here this is my string
this is my twitch pull up on here twelve
seconds later so we got my ps4 here my
computer here as you can see that's us
yeah on this camera so our stream here
but I play on this and this right here
this is where y'all watch me you can
always watch me on Twitch at door
underscore Mamba we got some hilarious
dreams you know always in a rack you're
gonna get a chance to play with me and
be my friend and that's what we built
this baby boy some nice high quality
streams oh my god guys this room is
depressing us
I got nothing I got no bed frames
anymore no mirror nothing to the
bathroom anymore but they just took all
the rented furniture out and yeah I got
it it's more furniture because look at
the balcony to look at leas bow nothing
there's one big-ass balcony yeah pick up
the trash but one big-ass balcony Oh
Percy anyway guys I'm gonna go to Best
Buy go pick up a new piece Oh mom I mean
I'm a huge ps4 guy one ps4 have Xbox too
but I barely play it um I got that yeah
I got that but I just can't get into
Xbox like I like it I like it I have
more friends with ps4 I've always been
pa4 always been place let's go 12
seconds late oh did I get the new oh
here's four Pro get that 4k baby but
also got new huh tripod that's dope but
to put that on a quick 12 oh there yeah
do that better not too close to the face
no I got these short or not some door
problems you know haha
well then the streams are looking nice
and so excited I'm srimad almost about
every day now yeah every day maybe like
four times a week they're like two or
three hours come talk to me play with me
and I'll be really nice but that is the
vlog ladies and gentlemen thank you for
watching you know be out here doing it
then was doing like Gus you know all
about bracing different so don't have a
look as a disadvantage always if it's an
advantage
everyone's dip in their own way just be
neat you know they be pieced brace it
get your door if mom worked at to a pond
down bar style.com scription hills a
nice Wally all the nice Cuban legs no
but I'll see on a few days right anyway
you can come on the other side
