what's good door squat this is my first
ever vlog sorry if it doesn't live up to
your expectation I'm trying I'm learning
okay so today I was supposed to be in
Boston but as some of you know from
Logan's vlogs I have a really bad ear
infection so the doc wouldn't let me get
on a plane
Waka Flocka b.o.b Sammy Adams I just let
them all down I'm sorry
walking maybe next time I can jump in
your crowd so instead I would have meet
up with the raka raka twins we're gonna
go to a UFC event later on today and get
to see some of the action but more
importantly I gotta introduce my
roommate years finally is happening bro
bro weird being the one holding the
camera and you reacting to my no it
feels good though guys I I have a
prediction you're gonna be the next
fastest growing vlogger on YouTube I'm
not just going logger and Dorff longer
I'm gonna have to catapult you've logged
in as well so yeah this is my first vlog
guys
oh that's a little exception thing
everyone this is Evans first vlog his
channel will be in the description where
we going today UFC UFC 214
yeah just like I beat their ass
yesterday we let go to see other people
beat mama said that he was in the vlog
he's just been sitting there chilling
when are you gonna start the vlog before
this no I don't believe we've been
driving man we've been hitting bangers
we've been partying we've been getting
going right and you've been missing out
on older
mm pauses out really easily are you
gambling tell you but yeah gamely's met
legal alright that was pretty show we
are on our way to the UFC of Anna
Michael year decided to order $35 worth
of fast food number one I didn't know
that it was $35 I didn't say how much
was costing it was a 24 week no $35 $35
I wonder if it'd be $5 probably also I
thought it was like the little wicked
wings up a little wings yeah he said uh
legs it dies he's like yeah makes it
dies okay he's gonna eat 14 pieces of
legs and thighs they pulled up miniature
ones what such thing as miniature thighs
maybe Australia you're in the United
States what everything is much bigger
here right well yesterday I got like a
hundred pieces of chicken wings so
finally at the be in a car with these
high for an hour 20 minutes but way more
than that since the I mean no he won't
he he can't like he can't wait to chop
himself be there we finally made it lets
see some great action
yeah Danny here
this is my let's go
I wash Moni cowboy
Oh a few moments later
Hey
I'm back at the crib I just want to
thank my boys so much Danny and Michael
I had a wonderful time it was just
awesome seeing John Jones wins and just
so many wonderful fights that was
definitely one of the best first
experiences for anyone when it comes to
UFC so much fun thank you again guys say
a few moments later alright so we're out
here at Malibu Canyon what about the go
cross that thing mile up a ladder climb
up no ladder
walk across that dam and I guess work
our way down and we're about to be down
there you guys confident about this
that's good alright so we made it to the
beginning part and I guess we have to
walk down this trail sketchiest
especially at sandals so that's getting
a little bit easier a salesmat one
definitely is is it good now yet the
blind alleys box right now I feel like
if anything does happen the but slides
probably definitely move so you guys did
I want to know how this is a shortcut
Arizona yeah Scott's back your head cuz
you don't know yeah how we get down
there once we get down to that set of
rocks with our cardboard is good really
started from up there all was there just
a few more feet I think a few moments
later well over here it's a good sign
right
so I here in the most dangerous part of
the United States right now is going to
survive through the wire we see are
these are Malibu limb trees Morna most
deadly trees in Malibu right now we're
gonna go through trying to Mikey thank
God my friend Arizona made it over there
are you good well he's good and we're
gonna try it right now we basically made
it
doors usually marked its territory
everywhere tell me about the mark my
territory cuz know the fuck I saw gains
baby that's all gage let's go flex up
there flex up there get a flex yeah
almost there still until the long ass
walk down look at that form
10 out of 10 times 10 V alright so I
managed to swim across either side
without dipping my head in the water
because I can't get in the water because
of my ear infection I'm gonna show my
boys jumping in this water with this
sweet line I come I come
so we made it back I was literally
public one of the hardest thing I ever
had to do hey my entire life
like imagine climbing up rocks and dirt
sandals oh yeah how hard was that boys I
was cool and all but I don't know that
worth again doing just wish I could've
got in the water this ear is ruining my
lively days later oh my god didn't work
out
yeah it's a vlog now my first ever vlog
twice no defense a sexual tension
between mamba and lela lela lela guys
hashtag de la it's not gonna be a short
term relationship get it today we're
trying to break the world record
we can smile okay so we can succeed the
world record for plates broken and
bananas and a span of 1 2 min Ella's
ready I'm scared
we have thousands of plates oh my god
this is ridiculous
but there's more over here discover yes
so apparently is about 1100 plates in
this facility and centimeters that's
still taller than I am this is gonna be
insane it's not gonna be loud because
the walls are soundproof won't be like a
lot of echoes because you know about
your infection
give them my respect or try to smooch a
few of their sound effects from them I'm
running out of fight sound effects
heaven is there a reason you're insane I
would die from that height so I guess
you could say today was a very
successful day I was smashing I would
say we broke the world record like what
you see you like that to intro oh well
it's musty and it stink like shitting
here so time to go shower I'm going back
to my home state Maryland tomorrow which
is Thursday I am getting ready to go to
the world dwarf Games which is held in
Toronto or a city outside of Toronto
called Cal and I hate playing sports
with a beard so it's time for me to say
goodbye for my beard for a little bit
it'll be very tragic really hard to do
but I'm gonna push through it and it's
for my hygiene and gotta do it let's see
how I look without this beard what I
look like such a baby now put me so
sniffing very different weird strange
gotta get used to it don't think I can
time to start packing do some laundry
literally the worst four of them all
time to go do that and see all in
Maryland what's up guys I'm back in
Maryland now I've only been here for a
day and I'm already leaving to go to
Toronto for the world dwarf Games now
what does mean is every four years
there's doors from all over the world
they come together and compete in
various sports like track and field
basketball volleyball soccer so that's
why I'm going today how excited because
tomorrow morning Logan will be joining
me miss Amar'e I think's gonna be
exciting fun true let's
oh and head to Toronto Toronto and guess
who's here to support me my boys gonna
kill it dude I can't wait to show you
don't like how I'm not the just ball oh
yeah see brother ball out with that man
Banda yo you look so be sad do like he
comes walking in my room and literally I
was flabbergasted good word is gonna get
any sexier dude Ali it does it should be
illegal to be the sexy Nazis one Canada
actually is if the laws are different
here bro yeah make sure you subscribe so
you can see my next vlog on me balling
out all the door thank you for watching
my first love I'll be shit got goodbye
they're gonna get better it's gonna get
better I promise I gotta learn you
remember his first one yeah oh no you
know what I cut to that nope we're gonna
stay right here as you sign off go for
it please chit I there's
