yeah just been having it here
like all the time like so much crazy
system at all well it's good to a squad
I so today is a very sad day actually my
friend Liam is leaving to go back home
to Canada
I wanna go say my goodbyes really
unfortunate but nice to have him there
like another door hanging around and
it's like you know it's just it's nice
to have your own kind around for once
and yeah let's go say go back like 300
point yeah yeah who hides uh family um
hard I had to do some goodbyes but this
is definitely Harlem and you know it's
nice to have like another door for out I
don't especially when you live with them
and you just walked on stairs and yeah
exactly well it's like Oh someone I can
relate with you have the time under than
that I had a great time yeah yeah thanks
for having me
hey always a pleasure to have you but
see you till next time and I thank you
for coming over thank you for being the
vlog helping out my pleasure being the
vlog yeah man but I take it easy bro
have a safe trip thank you this is such
a sad image I don't like to see this
don't go back to Canada it's always the
worst part yeah anyone boy hey see you
good
the ferry guys down there it's really
been so great how another you know door
for have someone of your kind we're
gonna miss leo
all the memories we had with each other
till next time we own up till next time
but if you're not part of door squad
what are you doing hit that subscribe
button
join the move bits all about you know
embracing your different don't ever be a
disability or honestly anything have as
a disadvantage always look at more as
advantage and what you can do and what
you can do that no one else can do so
yeah guys always embrace your difference
sign up just be the beast bro I'm gonna
shower up here get ready for the day
she'll be fun hi so it's a new day and
you know it's always a great time when
he's visiting the Energy's there the
hype this you know you just fun to be
around
I wonder if he forgot about our band you
guys member in the back so I was taking
it for this last hole we do a little
like a little wager do I so that is the
loser has to jump in the pool naked
while the winner gets to post it on
their vlog anyways yes so he's supposed
to jump in the pool and I don't know if
he remembers so I wanna go in remind him
about that anyways what am I wearing
that Baba merch
oh that jerseys hard we got some --'tis
you know we got a new merch coming soon
to you know summers come and you got
that warm clothing you can only get it
at dwarf on downburst I'll copy the
description anyways let's go
how are you doing yeah good how are you
doing I miss you I miss you too good to
have you back yeah now I have something
to talk to you again I know exactly I'm
gonna have to kick your ass in golf
again
Oh funny that you brought that up
I don't why I said kick your ass again
because I believe it is you know Kong
you lost the bet quiet
you forgot the bets gonna happen today
whether you like it or not I've been
gone for like two weeks I swear and it's
pretty cold out it's getting chilly oh
it looks sunny but it's actually like
it's cold out it is you know what I'm a
man of my word and by the word of Kong
doggy is a real calm doggy I'm just
gonna send it oh I excited dude I'm like
you know calm down so Andy's complaining
that the waters too cold super warm
Evans like yeah the pools heated feel it
oh you got it issues that's cold but you
got a shovel or thought that happened
it's such a nice pool though maybe just
land on the people it's just cold you
laying on the pizza you just qualified
how's it worse than the pizza example to
be naked on a pizza that is chill
why you get in the water let's go hey at
least I'm not going to the koi pond
though moving up in life
a few moments later oh my god why Stalin
Stalin yeah we've just been having it
here like all the time like so much
crazy system that I like
yeah I always perform me always wake up
a great way I pick out happened a little
naked all right the temperatures at
least like 40 degrees there looks so
good but so evil if we push you in yep
ik pretty funny how Sunday but in the
meantime I gotta go get my car from West
Coast Customs it's ready
finally I'm over it everywhere and like
I miss having a car
bicycles he dropped out like the
rollerblades like whoa where you going -
I gotta get groceries yeah that's
accurate but we're going to cheek with
shit donut you attend uh talimena true
same on boys pronunciations wrong guess
that's what he's been saying right yeah
BMW from West Coast Customs okay you
know pretty tough right now I love these
glasses in the Hat it's a great combo
great combo all around I take it well
for now it's always a great time to go
to West Coast Customs with my boy we're
going support Eva mantid baby my baby is
finally fixed going pick her up the GHS
don't need to get fixed as well what's
goes custom so if you want hook that up
do you go on how to keep a gentle baby
has some cracks in - - there's someone
sat on it Mike likes thanks Mike
I'll write with Andy we made it to West
Coast Customs as you can sing we are
alive and not trying to go pick up my
favorite hair sister be so nice I'm a
car it's got a few moments later oh my
god I got my baby back
look at this oh my god is so nice just
to have a handle again oh my god look at
the mirror cars looking fresh let's get
a little before in action why don't we
get the car and I'll head on off got put
the appellate cinches back on yep does
you know shoutout dwarfism twelve
seconds later oh I feel so nice this my
baby he already know we got the power
extension slapped on oh I feel so good
to have my baby back but on the head
although Hannah do a little job back at
the house you I know with that new
handle looking good in the mirror oh my
baby just back to looking so clean
anyways that is the vlog thank you for
watching yeah it's kind of delay of
getting it out I had a delay on this car
but for the next vlog I have something
really special about the show you guys
it's one of my first big purchases you
know pretty excited but if you're not
part of the door squad what are you
doing wrong hit that subscribe button
join the door squad with squad it's
doing it baby you know embrace your
difference that's what all about you
accepting your difference you know
looking more as an advantage is not a
disadvantage you know who people wrong
baby
we are you don't was doing it like us
you want to know but yes I'll see y'all
in a couple of days and uh take it easy
captain
got more problems reaching for the top
got me falling like Oh
