get in your positions and 3 2 1 go
what is good or small right so it's
actually the same day that I just ended
my previous law Liam's still here see
still here still here
alright but tonight we about to go to
the Los Angeles Kings hockey game
they're playing the down Stars and this
is Liam's first LA Kings game haven't
seen any of these teams playing before
us you know how they playing it before
in Buffalo and Buffalo that's his team
closes deep penguins of my team but we
like to go see hockey you know watch
hockey cuz my fans of hockey but yeah be
a pretty fun day enough don't do the
hockey
hey you hear your first good really guys
back for that back-and-forth action all
around baby how do you like the arena
though I think the Staples Center
yeah we like all the banners up there
Holly all the Lakers I'm like expand
haha alright so it's the third period
Alice's off going nothing nothing right
now about six minutes left
still more time to go we got this tons
of time to talk all the time by the time
minutes more love can they do it and
they're doing
oh I will on time to another meeting
going to always fun always fighting go
to high seats watching gee now a
pulsatile chewed out eco its are you
Canadian later that same evening oh all
right here's made at home it yes but 105
yeah another earlier day tomorrow
you know for surprise tomorrow Mike it
was a surprise it is not was gonna be a
pretty big day you know do your rest
here wake up early and then add it to it
get to it good hi so we just arrived to
meet I'm gonna introduced a need to
leave Joe Liam we know where door
problems
and my new song rare has been made he
already know it's gonna be nice history
who's been meeting about history has
been mean yeah yeah oh let's go pop it
nigga this is my Dorf Canadian buddy
Liam just showing him you know where we
get down to where you know door problems
is being made what has been made of
should say and the new song rare that's
about to be coming out soon hopefully
oh it's fantastic I love the song and
there's a surprise at the end but I was
thinking I said a the Olympics are going
on right then one of the epochs and we
got Canada here and we got us a here and
I think we do like a little like versus
like United States type competition
three events the winner takes gold baby
I don't have a gold medal I've multiple
sodas either okay
alright let's start off with the first
one
so for the first competition here we are
in the kitchen and we're going to see
who can make the quickest bowl of cereal
now there will be obstacles on the way
as in climbing up on counters multiple
counters how can you reach for the milk
in the far back legs for is with it
reaching comes in you know me Carol
it'll be the judge for all the
competitions and the ref I want to see
on those stools no stools okay no
breaching devices as to how right both
of you are gonna be drug-tested
okay is that cool it's fair enough yeah
it should be good perfect
in three two one
sometime
Oh
it's not a very courteous trip
good reach
48 seconds we're in heaven Team USA the
first time of the day I struggle opening
the bankers that that by yeah I haven't
run us through that run
I'll see you look alive that I'm not
happy with ever at all I struggle an app
which actually sure that job is just a
bad job no all around it's not too bad
for you know just best luck and risk
competition for us a time to be right
now it's 48 seconds all right up next we
got Liam from Canada would a slight
advantage
Oh
but I say people do that
William walk us through that round at
first like he motioned sorry to get to
me but as soon as I got that bowl I just
thought like I could do this I could
seriously win this and it just got my
mind so that I could really do a nice
rifle that's one of that cereal more
that's how I did it
Team Canada babe all right so for this
next competition we're gonna take it to
the alley
Nikki's already on the boards what you
think this is gonna be like 500 meter
belly board rates yeah belly board race
if I bought rain so we're basically just
gonna lay on a stomach and only use our
hands to push the boards and what a race
from one end to the other that pull that
pull right - actually that pull right
there yeah one at the same time I'll get
to it get in your positions
so Evan would you think of the race well
be it down after that a serial challenge
was a real downer obviously and I really
needed this win it was a huge wedding
you know pulled by the Team USA and just
a great solid background
Panza killing me by lack of upper body
strength for the first one really
improved for this one so I'm really
proud and excited to go to that third
event here all right Liam so Team Canada
takes its first loss how are you feeling
right now
follow this point I gotta give him
credit he knew he had to win this one
and I kind of I kind of let the ball go
not one so we still got one competition
last so hopefully you can I can take it
but doing my best to represent and it's
got getting Evan that one I gotta give
credit for him for that one all right so
the final competition is up now and is
the rap battle four lines each that's it
so I can go can't go more can't go west
but seven-league being the only biased
person here we're gonna have you fair
the side by commenting below who wins
this either Team USA me or to Canada leo
we want you to be honest you decide who
had the best four bars and that decision
would aside who takes home the gold for
their country don't play favorites no
but uh let's get to it
nice blow on the feet gonna tape on the
gold cuz I don't take the feet I'm gonna
put you in the dirt like a maple tree go
back to Canada and grow some extra feet
you ready for this let's go see what's
guess we got
Rocketman fall you're still wearing
youth I'm gonna take over this game I
only speak the truth we have the same
disease but you're not the same as me
because when you stand up fall you're
still looking up to me before you fear
to decide we've had some a quick bars
there Thank You Niek for being a judge
of course I think both are free styles
were great
a lot of hard-hitting lines hopefully
you guys were still friends after this I
think so yeah yeah hopefully maybe what
you think about all the overall
competition here it was exciting I wish
it was televised the games are unlike
anything I've ever seen before so kudos
to you guys for writing a trend that's
never played this is crazy a review
might be airing this Thanks I pay
probably $19 to watch oh holy cent yeah
oh this is push like $16 I'll take 1919
yes one hour later back at home in a
notice yo we got a new furniture outside
my room lit couches are gone I don't
know if you remember the white couches
in here but they're going pretty sick
but that is the vault
thank you for watching it was a nice
competitions between Team Canada and
team you saw just great athletes all
around it was a good performance wait
both of us both of us both countries
outperformed them out before I don't
know but you're not part of the door
squad ba
what are you doing hit that subscribe
button join the squad you know what this
channel is about embrace your different
don't look as a disadvantage always look
as a fanny because y'all being down and
just doesn't get you anywhere bop be
happy but also don't forget to get your
Dorf Marvel merch at door mama Dahmer's
town comm link will be in description
alright guys I'll see you on a couple of
days poodels white officer
when I stopped go it always y'all
