item pulling up here hopefully looking
at home or something what is good door
squad today me and Liam are gonna go
about an hour and a half an hour 40
minutes and meet up with another dwarf
friend of ours he's Canadian - that's
gonna be pretty fun I'm exhausted right
now
but if you're not part of the door squad
bro what are you doing hit that
subscribe button join the dwarf squad
though is doing we are going on my way
far as a whole and we're on the seventh
hole make some money twelve seconds
later that's that's gone that's all on
that dream
like when the first hole takes to $5 and
Blake takes the fourth hole oh wait wait
wait
Blake what did you just ask me oh my god
and so forth what did you just ask me
yeah you should look you need all the
good angles if I got a tall person as
like my videographer oh yeah all right
Blake is up $20 right now I was the last
hole it's double or nothing meeting if
he wins he gets 40 if I win
he's pretty Blake is taking the first
shot Team Canada hey Sofia swing
first shawl here Blake very gauche old
hit the fairway he's not even looking at
the ball
you know can you record your mic action
wait who am i recording Liam are you wow
you could be yeah really
like he's up now he's a little bit
further away what if he hits me I was
like he is aiming for me aha very nice
shot hey nice shot
looks like you're a game to go over
there
Blake's third shot well that guy on the
green Oh twelve seconds later it's like
what is this for you and this is what
this is it makes this to win it oh my
god oh my god I have like well are you
$40 she's gonna round of golf you're
pretty good
I guess I care all you have is a hockey
and golf it's good seeing you pal I see
no it's not many of us like around you
know far away very close to each other
yeah he's gone you're Canadian even
California hey don't let me know
sometimes we watch doors to get together
guys see that thank you good bye see you
later
so golfing was pretty fun what did you
say yeah his girlfriend was fine
it's fun time out there yeah it's good
seeing Blake and I know the other doors
we don't get to see each other's once
you know we're like far away we're not
close yeah so tonight I'm taking Liam to
a king's hockey game that's obviously is
Canadian loves hockey first time ever
going to the Kings game though I'm
excited okay okay that's pretty cool but
today I'm visit my car bro tell us bacon
well if we took Logan's car will that be
cool I'll be pretty sweet get the pedals
up on there and then go driving around
I'll be pretty cool would you be down to
drive it howdy soda I'm driving yeah if
you want me to take it on the highway
yeah Oh Dorf taking over the local
Paul's car you'll be we're gonna see us
down this G play it's love and Paul and
then they're gonna see like two dwarves
just bump into the car
let's go hey maverick nothing to see
here yeah
hey by my god let's go hi so that's the
car I think he's alright now I want to
start out by driving it will be
something to eat and then take it on the
highway that's when you come up
afterwards when I need is handy-dandy
pedal extensions here now Leo you driven
a car before right yeah I've got my life
yeah pedal extensions okay so like they
do that Canada yeah exactly
exactly the same okay sweet so you'd be
a professional with me at this it was
good I phone so win the car not here yet
not home as soon as daddy they're good I
mean I've driven this car before
Stephanie like you'd be cool about it
but I feel like I'm is like only door if
that can drive this you know yeah
absolutely I don't know if we were only
up another door student yeah but yeah do
you think you could be my videographer
again for the day yeah fill in for Blake
I thought that's useful here for two but
alright we'll get some food you hungry
I'm starving hey Jimmy like a fast car
like this stuff like this a lot of a lot
of horses a lot of horses and you know
how often he drives is guy honestly
drive it all the time so I'm pretty
familiar with it driving with Evan
actually he's in this car
you watch used to watch those segment
all again good old Logan oh that's what
that thing that falling horse is really
nice and staying off really got that
cake today they got that kid no I had
the whole dish with my left hand while
driving all right so we're sitting here
at the restaurant and what's going on
over there on the TV a little USA versus
Canada curling on the screen
Canada's winning of course obviously
it's only one nothing there but there's
a lot more curling than it used to be
yeah Carl stomachs full I'd say now I
get to drive you're driving get in big
boy are you ready
the drive to like just barely he's like
really sensitive yeah how to start it
push this yeah you have to hold it break
down yeah put him there put it in
reverse
make sure you wheels straight yeah like
you teach me there's my first time
driving and second time driving
California yeah well you driven in
California before you got experience
this is a really precious card it's not
like an accident not only am i graph
that payoff for all these families I
could get deported back what is it yeah
you can't yeah the way for this traffic
though oh my god behind me probably
thinks I'm crazy yeah but those two kids
do into the car are the two kids to sit
in the car okay all right you got it
yeah oh my god oh my god Polly 30 I was
a 30 yeah 30
between 30 and 40 I like it though I
like it's pretty a nice car to drive
yeah it's pretty cool it's pretty sweet
I at this light up here go take all
right
oh I barely touched I barely touched
them yeah yeah I didn't think it was
this sensitive it's a sensitive car bro
it's a sports car I did hit Haiti after
the turn 80
yeah are you ready for it I think I
gotta hit 80 here yeah so you're gonna
get like a lot of distance gonna hit 80
ready yeah go go go go go put it all the
way down put the gas all the way down
you got it you got no my god you're not
doing it in it going 25 hey lady
put it all the way down you got it you
got it keep going all the way down keep
going keep going come on come on I'm
catching up to this guy I 67 at the
break at the break that's break oh my
god
uh yeah these cheeky sevens good enough
for you man the cars whoa all right so
how is that I'm not gonna take them the
hard way I feel like you're not ready
for that yet you're still nervous I can
tell I want to take over so it's 9:00
and you a quick it's uh you mean drive
see twelve seconds later let her get tow
to the freeway but not now
72 I started to is the highest right
yeah that's how I got 67 first try first
try how scared were you how scary you
there yeah how you trusted it oh sweet
that's pretty fun now that's all I had
my back and let's hope Logan doesn't
find out her your lies all right so
we're pulling up here hopefully in my
home or something
open up the gate so far so good you
don't see it all right we should be good
nice and we made a path it's pretty fun
pretty fun time you have fun oh yeah
this is a nice little section nice
little new segment of I guess RV with
two doors in the Maverick car well make
it look like new doors then drive this
you know guys stash all the evidence
back there
oh hey Logan not there we didn't do
anything no idea
hi guys so that's the blog pretty fun
one I would say you know the offense
team play and then I'm stealing Logan's
you know maverick car which you know you
go back home like telling people you did
this they're not gonna believe it
subscribe if you're not subscribed what
are you doing bro join the door squad
hit that subscribe but no we can do that
go get your merch at dwarf mama Dahmer's
now.com link will be in the description
you know what we're here for you know
embrace your difference don't let anyone
tell you can't look at being different
one as advantage and a disadvantage you
know never tried on that because I will
get you nowhere in like a up stay
positive be happy accept yourself for
your yard
y'all a couple of days and i25 bog
Turtles why not
when I stopped going I was y'all
