what's your squad alright so today I am
going to pick up my Canadian dwarf buddy
from the airport he's filthy a hockey
definitely better me I'm not that good
at hockey and there's good at shooting
the pump that's Lily ho I'm good at oh I
can skate here a little too but not like
NHL style anyway now go tell Logan break
the news to him that I would do more
funny coming I think he remembers
I told me three times we never members
what I say ever I don't know but if
you're not part of the door squad well
what are you doing do you not want to be
a part of this you not want to be a part
of this this is not only my award but
this is my war to all my subscribers
just thank you all for subscribing it
shows me so much love and I just love
that you got to be a part of the door
squad taking this journey with me no one
is doing it like us bro no Amada yeah
let's go look at how my tongues break
news to Logan oh go ahead he's taller
than me
we got a beat in that yeah no dog can be
taller than you I know but there's a lot
of them nice so you leave at night yeah
but I'll be back but I'm just thinking
about all the constantly will you be
back today well you leave today and be
come back tonight yeah bro that's what
you do when you fly private
yeah no way is he cool bro cuz you're
like way up easy like me no no one would
be like me true but he's still pretty
hey what's up buddy
how's it going so much warmer here oh
yeah it's not Canadian cold weather
anymore is it that's not like oh dude
I'm so lost that I honestly thought they
lost my city yeah but all right let's
pack up and head on home I like the car
I love it so dope hey maybe you can
drive it yeah you got the power go get
the person's going art no what about the
same size all right so my way to West
Coast Customs now to obviously get my
car fixed
luckily thank God it's just me hello
liam is not here I did not bring him I
would feel bad if I brought him I mean
it's I know he's just driving 45 minutes
dropping off and moving right back but
you know I left them at a good place no
other thing with food snacks water games
all the essentials that door feeds to
survive doesn't take that much boy do I
survive I don't know how I have so much
right now eight turning them oh so ugly
now so ugly I want to look at it but we
bout a future yeah get these babies dark
into so every time when I dance you get
my transyl
okay just saw me but I don't get caught
looking but uh lives here all right
Elton just arrived in the mail okay my
last long I think you got a huge package
news package you know small things come
in big packages let's check it out
box oh I forgot ordered these I actually
thought it was something else I'm not
gonna lie I do have something else in
the mail plumbing that's bigger surprise
but I know what these are you look
pretty sweet alright so these figures
are apparently the Bluetooth sunglasses
as in the music like plays here and
plays in the back of your head somehow
they don't fall off either ah yeah yeah
we're a few moments later I believe I
have mine connected Isador father's
playing right now
I mean it's cool cool concept but what I
wear these listen to music oh nothing oh
here try these out
hey it's good I'd rather square head
yeah right why don't you say right away
iPhones cool concept like oh yeah cuz it
a cool case looks sweet don't get me
wrong I really like those lenses but
it's just not that comfortable man no
not come through today and any go check
out Logan cuz see him are shooting pucks
out of the day you ready I'm so dead
there's a couple a lot I'm expecting
like every shot every shot yeah so Leo
and I were thinking if you effective the
arc goaltender goalie oh yeah I gotta
gear over there over there yeah I
dropped like almost like a thousand
bucks so oh yeah bro
I couldn't spend a thousand other now if
I wanted to oh yeah so thank you I
appreciate that sure I was embarrassing
yeah he's put on okay mister audience I
have never played hockey ever know what
all this equipment is honestly he knows
him more than me because he's Canadian
yeah of course I don't wanna oh yeah
hockey sticks I Liam help them out
because I actually don't know either the
guy yeah I asked like what goalies where
did you tell them your goalies not a
dwarf right yeah yeah I said six - they
said do you know who Logan Paul is they
said no hey you work at the hockey door
oh I just kid you could join them okay
if you want okay well yeah so this is
what they got me oh this is crazy
your leg I could take a snowboard no you
put this on first right it's like pants
well except not at all yeah you put all
my pants
these aren't you won't be able to feel
about putting on this bulletproof pants
is it seen Logan trying to be athletic
look great I'm not gonna lie
you look great yeah it was next time you
see that yeah Titan it was so wet what's
the point bro I'm gonna fuck your block
your puck yeah you got it
he's just Kay's over the top I feel like
a transformer he said yeah it's like I
don't want to spend time putting this on
this is lit this is a full-on costume
yeah Liam can help you I don't need help
my egos too big Shane's got you you know
if it's better than one door to door I
got the legs on yeah all right well you
aren't too short
with your left today put me out of my
yo-yo I could go to war right now and I
will win
yo so I block three three out of four on
the first round because I'm a man oh
yeah everything I do I do
thanks for having me on your channel
alright guys so that is the vault fun
time she did you I had a fun time lot
better than I thought it was gonna be
yeah he's got some pretty cool shots
that first shot you got pretty lucky on
that like a lot but Liam he's here for a
few more days till like Saturday right
yes so like five five days a lot of
things playing for him we're gonna go to
like a hockey game never been to the
Kings game right yeah Binda hockey yeah
a bit of hot canadian obviously has
about born and how can we not alrighty
not doors God well what are you doing it
that subscribe button join the biggest
squad bro embraced itself man that is
what we're doing here don't look down on
it look at more than advantage more than
a disadvantage because do anything no
matter what also got something for you
since you're the only indoors that's
here and it about my size I guess it
might be too small I don't know check
that out oh god that door mom emerged
boy when you get to that dwarf mama dot
merch now.com in the description alright
guys I'll see y'all in a couple of days
Oh God you know rusty on a couple days
with more can tonight hurdles why not
when I stopped going I was yours
