it's your first runs all along this car
takes this out hits this mirror and this
mirror goes completely back and leaves
it's just a nice damaged car what's good
door squat I so today I'm going to meet
up with a jeweler yes a jeweler yeah I
never I don't really have like you know
like playing anything you know I thought
you know like change yourself you know
preaches and I thought you know why not
make some money birthday was just
recently you know turn the big two one
oh we getting older but today is
adoption weekend or adoption week I
think adoption week at Petsmart and I
think the adopted dog day oh it was a
great dog I miss her so much but I've
been just you know there's wearing a dog
lately and things time just to move on a
little bit but this time I'm going to
adopt one rescue one and then bring him
or her home to a good home you know I'll
take care of her have maybe really nice
somewhat
oh no they know that get one maybe I'll
still wait in the near future but um
like a person shouldn't get one what if
they're not part of the dwarf Claudia
what are you doing click that subscribe
button
well almost had 2 million subscribers
you know what let's get the two million
subscribers out this video what can we
do it I think lo is gonna come with me
awesome today to get the puppy yeah it
should be a fun day
that's all I hid the Rope also I hid my
21 year olds driver's license today I
believe because you have yumemi waiting
have to wait uh you know a solid three
and a half hours to get that so it
should be here today but it's not am i
going say alright guys I'm back from the
jewelry store and yeah I did purchase a
little something treat yourself it's not
here yet it will arrive either Monday or
Tuesday
I think Tuesday I can't wait for that
one of my first big purchase a little
birthday gift myself but uh yeah now
we're gonna go to pest Mart it is a
adoption weekend this weekend and off
dog who knows Oh something just arrived
in the mail for me it's from YouTube
this could be my gold YouTube play
button could be it let's go out over
there check it out alright last night
we're good
you're bigger than Vancouver you're
bigger than Venus even bigger than Las
Vegas you hear that I'm bigger than
something 1 million subscribers maybe
imagine that day for a long time or
maybe never thought you grow so big
YouTube but yeah I am big all right
graduations are passing 1 million
subscribers oh my life so great thank
you to all my subscribers and think
you're enough thank you for watching
every day make the door squat proud yeah
it's gonna be nice to my room oh it's so
beautiful
but now let's head on over to the pet
store Logan trove hey I did that I am
NOT his adoption weekend here at the pet
store we can adopt a puppy kitten that's
our baby
wow they're babies yeah damn the scope
of adoption we ask they have kids babies
Allie why not good content in this door
know with two dogs here for adoption
weekend that would be a lot of variety
and selection right there right there
the cats so alert do what there's an
intruder
maybe this cat oh this cat could do it
this won't actually get the knife and
kill the shooter Wow
you're like me he likes you but I'm a
manga woof Python I think he likes you
wrote wine no he's gonna go into a shed
pretty soon into a shed like a barn and
back that shed no no I said like truth
he's one bite oh no no no I mean if they
do it's out of fear they're they're
pretty docile snakes Josi I look if I'm
buying this tonight the snakes got a
bite right Oh Jeremy says that's what
makes it fun bro you never know what
you're gonna get it's cool right
looking slither slither then I split
there Oh digging outside just handling
them every now and then you know bro
imagine this boat it could be gaming
with this snake around your shoulder bro
and not only is it a bonding time for
you
you're gonna look savage on twitch until
it's like I'm playing no less son it
keeps going and going and going and then
it shows oh I didn't think of that
yeah he's never actually like landed one
but he's definitely struck at us he's
never landed one bro just like a shitty
BMX rider yeah he fell doing that bar
spin yeah so I didn't get a pet but that
doesn't mean you shouldn't go out and
dot the pen there are many pets at the
animal shelter please like Pet Smart etc
Petco have these things like adoption
week and you can go out adopt these dogs
for free many of them the rescue many of
them are in need of help and just need a
good home so you still go out and adopt
the dog save a dog's life it's great but
anyway something finally came in the
mail today right this is my driver's
license it is my 21 your ID can't wait
to see it oh oh yeah like that like that
hair I mean is that too bad
it's just this right here this isn't
Anton's like I said I just got out of
bed guys all right like it was early
before ti2 leave but this is weird yeah
that's real it's not big Oh big idea
anymore I mean I mean I got a real ID
now yeah oh that's looking beautiful no
oh that's looking so beautiful and so is
that right there that is looking
beautiful yes that's right that is your
dwarf mama Murphy baby don't forget to
cop that dork ma without mercy now that
cop link will be in the description you
already know all right so I'm buddy go
to the hockey store right now to get
some hockey gear preferably goalie
equipment and the reason I'm getting
goalie gear cuz Logan for tomorrow or
the next day don't know yeah I want him
in this girl right here he's gonna have
go
here obviously he's gonna be protective
but I'm gonna take slap shot wrist shot
to shot that see if I can score don't
move you can stop I think that'll be
hilarious and I really would like to see
him just be a goalie one day before I go
to the store I'm gonna show you also my
21st birthday vlog you probably
wondering what happened to my car as you
can see I have no door handle my mirror
is busted up and I mean just busted I'll
have some marks here as you can see the
marks hair fat mark here no dents no
dents luckily except for literally right
here the worst spot you get it - so
here's what happened it's dark out it's
nighttime I'm going somewhere this gate
right here it has a time own it has just
a short ten-second timer on it I wasn't
really aware of I hit the button in my
car oh I see photo and cracked my back a
little I start back it up but it's dark
time so I can't really see when the gate
closing or not so the gate starts to
close as I'm backing up and I for it out
not really flourish oh no I kind of
hurry up so the gate starts to open as
I'm pulling out I mean the gates closed
so it starts closing it hits here first
runs all along this car takes this out
hits this mirror and this miracle is
completely back and leaves us just a
nice damaged car and then after it
finishes hitting this then the gate just
time to open back up and go like a bro
oh my bad and it's like oh my god my
luck oh my look I lucked out cuz that so
this is how I into my car now instead of
being able to open up from the you know
driver side door and getting man this is
how I had to get it now that's how I
have to get in this nice fifty to fifty
thousand dollar car no but I am getting
the fix tomorrow West Coast Customs
actually helping me out shout-out them
Shabba more I'm hooking me up ah yeah so
I'm dropping off tomorrow
also I have my canadian dwarf buddy
coming tomorrow
yes that's gonna be so bad let's head to
the store and get some gas so I just
made it back from the hockey store going
gloves gloves emit some pop I have a
goalie stick also got me a new stick
that's no warrior there with the back
show me now live and shop you yeah all
the go year oh isn't it look nice he's a
look nice set the pad
Hoppa yeah I want a grip on my stick
here I'm gonna close out here I like it
I like to open last time I kind of short
one again well that's what happened to
my car I'm going to get it fixed
tomorrow a Canadian friends coming
tomorrow
stuffy's code up this week like
literally amazing new song rare drop
into two weeks just got an epic guitar
solo at the end of it that's gonna be
amazing
remember click the subscribe button join
the door squad guys and brace yourself
yo you know being different you can't
look at as a disadvantage
look it's okay to be different salute me
this world ain't made for me but you
know I'm bracing it I'm taking it in and
I'm making the most out of it all we
keep your head off you know there's no
such thing as being oval everyone's
different just embrace a different man
really I do that also don't forget to
give merch at dwarf bombers now calm
link will be in description for ya guys
I guess I'll see you in a couple days
and our total flight office
when I stopped go it always y'all
