thank you fine eh hello I surprised my
mom we just have a little
mother-daughter trip happening she came
in yesterday why do I love this so much
turn it on I mean like honestly
awesome oh yeah got quite a few new
jackets we're on number three we've been
here for ten minutes so many bags we are
so hungry Oh mom do the walk you were
just doing go go just living her best
life there's like there's a little
market happening over here but I'm gonna
bring my mom to the Melrose Bird to
Valverde written because I know she's
gonna yeah
finally we gonna eat I know you guys we
what time is it's like 1:30 and we're
about to eat our first meal of the day I
think I actually had one strawberry at
home I don't we're dumb I don't know
we've been all over town today now we
are in Silver Lake we're gonna get some
lunch with jazz we're going to this
restaurant that's owned by Moby and that
all one of my mom's favorite music
waiting for me there my child star look
at me your child star child
this is it I just got here and it looks
so good
also oh my gosh oh my gosh
we are digging and excited no this is
our first meal so we're just and I think
about how every single time jazz and I
hang out not good it's just time
literally the store like close 20
minutes ago
we're like oh we need to go we need to
go like they're kicking us out the time
we're young at her house she's like we
only have an hour to be up early I'm
like cool 2:00 a.m. rolls around like
yeah it's flippin lipstick letters
we just got home we're dead
literally like my throat hurts from
talking all day I want to do a little
trading at post hall for you guys I got
this cute little crop top from supreme I
like the little stripes right here and
just a little tank the Yellow Jacket we
love I also got these little sunglasses
they were literally like seven bucks
each
and yeah I just really like the shape
this little cropped crewneck I thought
was so cute this is all hand-painted by
the guy who sold them Michael he was
super cool writings from Michael so I'm
assuming that's his brand but anyways
really cool stuff you should check him
out as you guys saw the blue jacket I
also got a red one that has more of like
a racecar vibe I really like the sleeves
like whatever's happening right here
with the cream color also we got this
little baby locket good morning everyone
it is Monday now I just showered I
worked out for the first time in like a
week the week before my mom got here I
was so so sick which makes sense because
I went like super all out with my
birthday and just saw a lot of people
and partied a little too hard so I was
sick for like a week but I got to
workout for the first time this morning
and it felt so good so right now my mom
and I are taking care of some clothing
these three bags we're gonna sell some
stuff to a store called Buffalo exchange
out here and then that's for Goodwill
we just got back from running some
errands we sold some clothes donated
some clothes stopped by American Rag per
my moms request and I got a few things
this trip has just become like a very
shopping central trip I didn't realize
I'd be getting this many things but here
we go I got these jeans from American
Rag they're by the brand closed and I
like them because the cut is super cool
so it kind of cuts lower in the front
they're high-waisted beautiful blue I
also got this little Kenzo backpack
which i think is so adorable
I don't really have a lot of like little
backpacks like this I'm actually
interested in getting a black one but I
saw this and it was like oh my god it's
so cool and funky you can clip off the
straps so I can actually turn it into a
purse and just have one strap like
connect it to these two on top and then
have it just like sit in front of me if
that makes sense
also we changed up the little table
decor because I got this little hand
from this like little decor shop next
door which i think is so cute to hold
jewelry we got a candle my mom just like
took a glass thing that I already owned
and put some moss in it and there's like
literally just a potted planted there
and it looks so fancy and so good
recently got a new book from gleam and I
love the colors I think that's it oh
I've been wanting a cat these past few
months and everyone in my life was like
no you can't get a cat not right now and
I think they're right this is what we
did instead um I need to yep you do your
thing I need to give him a little name
but I feel like it's a boy anyway is is
this like a Jaguar is that what it would
be right mom
don't she does have different tails oh
then maybe I shouldn't even Adam
his name is Adam Dunn he's like a hugger
like when you lay on your back and you
just put him on your chest oh my god
basically I decided that I just like
don't own any stuffed animals in my life
right now and that's kind of like really
sad and depressing and so I got this
little guy what are we about to do right
now for ya can you give me the story why
you have this tattoo on the back of your
neck oh she's shy look at her she's shy
when you get a hold are you I'll ask the
questions
no yeah yeah we went of course wait I
thought you were alone no who'd you go
with
with my friend okay she has standards
here okay she's in trouble okay but I
asked for beautiful blue don't forget me
not cuz when that's a type of that's a
type of flower yes just that and I we
were dating he used to give you those
yes and and what oh man I know how
pretty blue flower looks like yes okay
right and this is what we end up with
wait look there we go think twice yeah
cuz this is stay good the hands who like
commute oh yeah yeah my mom's didn't
wanted to do this for a very long time
but we're going to the tattoo parlor
basically why don't you want to just get
a remove lasered off oh no leave it
so I snap so she wants she just wants to
be fixed whether it's like a black
tattoo like she just like wants them to
figure it out martini you would not put
a bogus martini on their neck that is I
not let that happen should I get a
tattoo no I won't I'm just kidding yeah
okay there you go there you go yeah it's
cute cute cute they added two flowers
and then kind of like just like detailed
everything again as you guys heard the
music was just super loud in there so I
was like not gonna vlog but we were only
there for like an hour that's pretty
quick basically like the way you're
attaching and was made it was
differently cuz it was so long ago and
like the style was different and it was
really thick and dark and he was like
the only way that I would like allow
this to happen is if you like continued
with the same like style like you can't
just like Olsen sketch like black tattoo
around that you know you need to like go
with that same groove so good guys I'm
like so freakin hungry I can't even
speak I want to show you guys what's
going on in here because as I told you
guys before I was sick last week and
fresh fresh Beauty follows my posts and
they saw that I was sick and so they
sent soup in the mail this also came
with like a ladle and like a note and
like little biscuits and cookies I
already had my mom take the cookies away
from me but the brand is called spoonful
of comfort I guess chicken noodle soup
and it's literally just a giant jagged
chicken we're cooking up some dinner we
made this little cal salad we're making
chicken on the side with this Korean
style barbecue sauce from Trader Joe's
I've been like super obsessed with it
we're making a few more pieces let me
show you guys the dressing that were
using Green Goddess salad dressing
avocado green onion lemon juice chives
balsamic and garlic it is so healthy and
it's from giorgos and it tastes so
freakin good this is what we're looking
at and then also we're also halfway
through Erin Brokovich such a good movie
I am on a huge Julia Roberts kick
any of you guys have been watching my
vlogs since like the summertime you may
remember my jake gyllenhaal kick I can't
speak you may remember my Jake
Gyllenhaal kick and I think Julia
Roberts is the next one because I just
recently watched mother Lisa smile and I
was like whoa
and it's making me want to like rewatch
pretty woman and anyways if there are
any movies of hers that you enjoy
comment them down below because I'm
loving her right now what's up Notting
Hill yeah I gotta watch that too yeah
yeah oh yeah that's probably your
favorite huh this has been me this
entire four hours look at he loves you
so much like I've never thought about
the fact that like Jerry stuffed animals
better sewn to like lay versus sit you
know he just lays he's a hugger you just
put him down and he just hugs you I
literally feel like a living breathing
cat is like laying on my chest right now
we just finished watching the movie it
was a very good that was Julia Roberts
first Oscar we just watched the speech
on YouTube it was so cute
we're gonna go to bed we're gonna cruise
around walking on the street no I'm like
a little bit pretty woman yeah we're
gonna dress up like hobos
yeah have some cash like hundreds in
every packet but yeah and we're gonna go
to the random store and looking for some
expensive clothes and of course with my
English and with this bloody neck I'm
gonna be kicked out from the surface
okay well that's okay well I'm gonna
tell folks the real plan that's my plan
I look so bad from this angle um I've
got some Orangetheory in the morning
come here shower we're gonna make some
breakfast right we're gonna get our
nails done we're gonna shop in largemont
like on Larchmont exactly that's what I
said yeah maybe
I would love for Adam to be alive if I
could be like what yo mama kicked out
from Sam because of my mother
my mom saying what if he got kicked out
of his family and a goat raised him yeah
yo sometimes listen sometimes like you
and Dad just pull really weird jokes
there was one time where like my friend
and I couldn't find our bike in the
backyard and like we walked out he drawn
up
we're like dad where are the bikes he
goes maybe the geese took them just like
never not in our backyard dude you need
to go to bed
this is it so nice he like hugs you yeah
it's the perk look at that welcome home
looks like she's holding a baby it's so
good and then his tail also I discovered
there's a first grandchild the end of
his tail has little beads so it's
heavier than the rest of the tail snake
every time he's getting lonely
you're gonna look old I could take his
tail and make it a scarf oh yeah your
choker right she's got the look she's
got the load
dunfin everything and shopping yeah they
gonna welcome us in every star we're
gonna go to bed guys say good night
my mom's ready to kill me because we've
been trying to leave the house for like
40 minutes yeah okay show your outfit
show your outfit what you got going on
I'm Joe cute little 70s wide-legged
jeans yes very cute thank you starting
off with the makeup I have a really
crazy eyeshadow on it's from Topshop I
forgot what it's called but yeah it
makes me feel like a mermaid I'm wearing
these black striped genes from
Reformation this little top is from
urban the jacket that I got from the
Millers Trading Post and then little
black booties and then of course the new
little backpack that like literally
doesn't match at all but because of that
it matches you know what I mean
ah so funky so fresh let's go six and a
half hours late
while we're twins
we've got some soft jams in the
background it is my mom's last night
basically we didn't really vlog today
like at all we just we did a little bit
of shopping is there anything that we
got that was like worth showing I got
toothpaste got some candles oh we got
her nails doing it get some oh yeah silk
dress we were able to Mexico cute when
I'm setting my stuff to her birthday
next week
gar nails done can you see that pretty
for our last meal together we're gonna
try making scallops for the first time
well I guess I'm taking over on that
right so I'm making scallops for the
first time here's what they look like
they are a delicacy what they are what
they be considered a delicacy yes then
in this little pan I warmed up some
butter olive oil garlic lemon juice salt
pepper parsley oregano and basil that's
a lot of stuff and we're gonna coat them
with this and we're gonna cook them here
we go oh that's so good
I don't know that's good
here we go got a little like salad
mushroom things happening I'm excited
we're about to head out I'm wetting
heavy stuff my mom bought a jacket for
Kevin as well at the Trading Post so
cute suck it's so hip look at the little
adidas pants oh my god you look so good
