good morning everybody well not really
good morning because it's definitely
like 1:00 p.m. I couldn't go to bed
until 2:00 a.m. last night like two or
three just cuz yeah my body takes a
second to adjust right now I'm just
editing yesterday's vlog mess in my bed
I am starving so I think I'm gonna go
make some breakfast right now a little
bit of brekkie this blanket if you guys
can see has a cord attached to it and
that's because it is an electric heated
blanket it has like these little metal
like swirlies that go throughout it and
it heats why she like washing them oh
here's my theory we're just gonna set
one down yeah okay we're good figured it
out here's my breakfast not the cutest
plate but they're just little like
English muffins avocado Canadian bacon
and two eggs okay yeah I agree
my mom wanted to save the ornament
decorating process to do with me once I
got home which I'm very happy about
because I love doing this so I'm
standing in front of my tree right now
we're gonna throw some tunes on get all
the ornaments out of the boxes and place
them on the table and then yeah we're
gonna start putting them on the tree
oh my god
oh yeah yeah that's good
sometimes you just say a look at like
your different perspective so I'm
currently under the trees mom broke the
second ornament here on a good streak
right now look someone else was also
trying to look at life through a
different perspective and now she needs
help so I'm gonna pull her out it has
been so many hours later but we're done
wanna what's that I skewed the other ya
not oh looks good do you think we need
more absolutely not yeah I didn't I feel
like my outfit is just like the epitome
of just being at home for the holidays
something this is my brother's sweater
and I'm wearing a long shirt leggings
right now I am building my mom this
clothing rack she asked me if I could do
that for her thank you I'm just I'm
standing posing on this $500 please Oh
what I was so cute hello rise and shine
pretty Suzy Tibet I will give you 20
minutes 9:30 I'm gonna come back did you
hear me coming I was sneaking
oh so you're mentally would prepare
heading to target right now I need to
get some wrapping paper and other things
and then after that I'm picking up a
present for my brother he's not home
right I'm getting care well it's not
like it matters anyways he literally
asked me to buy it for him but I'm gonna
get Kevin a guitar in the meantime we're
off to Target
here's what we're looking at we're
sitting on the floor of a kitchen
oh yeah you're not sitting I have a liar
hey guys we're sitting on the floor of
the kitchen are you judging me no no I'm
just trying to I want to start vlogging
so I want to figure out how it works
oh you want to start vlogging yeah I'm
actually considering doing 12 days of
long words purse Oh too late for that
biatch okay when's Kwanzaa I think it
already happened I feel like corns are
like for sure already fast hey Rory do
you want to go buy a guitar with me or
what yeah let's jam out bro we're gonna
be a guitar center in three two one
Wow
yeah where you going what are you doing
today eating ass Stefan hey this is a
new segment in my vlogmas called
confessions in Walgreens what is your
biggest dirty secret
alright wait for it right yeah that one
one time I remember that one time was
great they were and then and then you
know then anyways moving on so oh I
loved science that's why I'm also like
we're at Walgreens getting snacky poos
oh my god is that beyond beauty for
those of you Oh G viewers you guys know
you guys know you guys know the love
what's going on here - I was in a lot of
her oh ok I've got a couple so there's a
bunch of crunch must have when you go
see a movie and then number two I really
like those chewy warhead cubes are you
familiar I'm sorry listening at all whoa
look at this yeah be another what what's
your favorite candy OH
bunch of crunch and also the one that
you always get evident at this no at the
store at 11:00 p.m. but now they don't
have it anymore no that's a violent
promise that's a violet problem that you
can find at world market it's from like
Europe or something I'm trying to get my
favorite care
I love in the world
I like KitKat bars and I like sorry
we're vlogging sorry mom we're vlogging
right now movie theaters you do those
are the ones show the People to People
best friends all seven of us plus Stefan
oh my gosh I could not be filled with so
much joy so much love so much happiness
so much emotion we had a lab together I
handed her this yarn
