good morning world's people viewers
Watchers audience as always I'm starting
off my morning by editing yesterday's
vlog and getting it up and I was
laughing to myself because I remembered
about something that I think it was drew
that taught us this because I was
editing this video so first off
yesterday Lexi was talking about that
whole I thing okay I seriously do feel
like this eye is weaker than this one
when I go home to Chicago I think I'm
gonna go to an eye doctor and they're
gonna be able to figure it out like my
vision is perfectly fine like I can see
in focus with my left eye but I feel
like it's lazier like it lags a little I
also feel like I can sometimes see it in
videos I don't ever see it in photos but
I'm scared that I'm going to develop it
more and more as I grow older because I
know and my mom sometimes takes photos
you can see like she's like a slight
lazy eye I'm just call my mom out on the
spot I'm sorry mom talkative yeah I feel
like I should get like one of those
medical eye patches to put over my
stronger eyes so that I can work this
one more I don't know but I feel like
I've always had this this isn't
something that's new like this is
something that definitely was a topic of
discussion at random family dinners and
stuff of like little Claudia being like
mom I swear it's lazy so yeah I want to
start doing like those eye exercises
that Lexi was talking about where you
like make a star with your eyes or just
like up/down circles whatever and then
that reminded me of this other thing
that drew taught us that's supposed to
help with like double chins
because fun fact that is probably my
biggest insecurity besides like my
thighs but my double chin I hate it I
think I just naturally have one whether
I lose weight or don't like it's always
there especially like when you see from
the side too I mean I don't want to show
to you guys you guys see it in my vlogs
all the time like I always forget to
hold the camera hi and then like half my
footage is like oh nice but anyways drew
showed us this exercise that apparently
helps with having to work this area and
your jaw so basically what you do oh my
gonna be so embarrassing I don't know
why I'm showing this to you guys you
lift your head up and you're supposed to
like imagine your lower lip going higher
than your top lip so you go wait so like
that and like you can feel a stretch
going right here and like it kind of it
doesn't hurt but you can feel like
something's working so apparently like
works the muscle here and it like works
your jaw as well I feel like if I start
doing that it might be like causing this
skin right here to like stretch in an
unnatural way causing neck wrinkles do
you guys get what I'm saying I don't try
this at home
like literally lift your head and like
pop you're like jaw out and like feel
that stretch because I'm paranoid that
I'm gonna get neck wrinkles I don't want
that but also like low key if any of you
guys know how to get rid of double chins
hit a girl up because I am the double
chin master and it sucks
this clip is like five minutes and I've
just been sitting here talking about
double chins so good morning hope your
double chin is doing well mine is having
an awesome morning right now I am just
listening to some music I'm gonna link
my winter playlist down below if you
guys want to listen to it on Spotify
because there are a lot of songs that
I'm very into right now like I keep
playing me myself and I by G easy
can't sleep by K Flay is so good yet
that one's really good my friend has a
swimming pool is a really good song too
my friend has a swimming pool yeah
that's a really good song um coming over
by Dylan Francis I haven't listened to
choice mom's new music yeah but I've
heard one of his songs for him period
cuz Drew was blasting this the other
night and it's so good
okay I'm gonna stopping it right now but
seriously check out the playlist because
I'm really digging it I think I'm gonna
go to Michael's in a bit because I
really want to purchase a large canvas
for above our fireplace and paint
something for the house because we keep
saying that we're gonna get something
for that wall and I know it's not going
to happen because there's so many things
that we keep saying we're going to do
and then we don't do it so I'm gonna
like research random like abstract
paintings on tumblr and whatnot and kind
of gain some inspiration yeah as you
guys can tell we have a very
monochromatic house so everything's like
white black gray silver and that's
pretty much the extent of it so we're
keeping that theme going with the
painting but I'm really going to pick
that up soon the weather outside right
now is so beautiful right since I have a
place to go let it snow let it snow let
me know
oh there's a car - currently the hunger
games at Michael's right now literally
what's going on this what Merry
Christmas so here are the things that
we're looking at this is a 99-cent brush
a nice little ocean sponge
I don't know but like I feel like that
would come from the ocean yeah a little
roller a foam roller this thing looks
nice oh by the way this this is the
canvas that we're getting I feel like
this is a good size for it model yep yes
oh he's going all out for you guys folks
it's a show tonight okay all right and
then I think I'm gonna get a few more
brushes okay doesn't look nearly as good
on the camera but this guy is so pretty
right now it's like very pastel and
lights and
just a little parking lot jig with a
canvas it looks like it's like you're
nude underneath that or something might
about a thumbnail people are looking at
us now they're laughing at us so quirky
oh my god the sky guys it I
love how it's like orange over there but
then it's like pink cotton candy all
right Tolu quick background story jure
and I we decided we want to go out to
dinner because we're hungry and we're
like okay let's go and try someplace new
so we've never been to this place called
the tavern and guys it is so fancy in
here like there's a tree and the tables
and everything we're also the only
people yeah we are and like look at this
it's so cool how its metal basically I'm
very excited but I'm also very
underdressed so we feel so out of place
here but I'm excited because this food
looks amaze
so I'm gonna look at the menu now here
we have juice chicken it's literally
sizzling because it's so much this is my
seriously and then here's my food
I just took off some like yogurt thing
that was on top because I've scared
there was mayo in it but it looks really
good I'm excited so we just got back
from dinner and I'm really excited right
now because I'm about to take a nap and
I know that sounds so lame but I am
never the type of person to take naps I
don't know why I always forget that
they're like a thing that you can do and
I guess I just never really feel tired
during the day but a solid 30-minute nap
just to rest your mind and your body I'm
all in for so I'm really excited I'm
gonna go take a 30-minute nap now so so
I'm currently with these two foals um
and they're gonna try to play a
two-person Monopoly game so let me know
how that goes guys if that's possible
you could playing some music and I'm
about to start on my painting for right
above here and I'm really excited so I'm
going to put you guys on this big tripod
and do like a little quick speed video
so this is all that I did tonight I want
to continue it tomorrow but I have to
let it fully dry so I guess I'll take
you guys through it a little bit we've
got some little streaky blendy things
going on here as you can see I went kind
of crazy with a sponge so I left most of
the middle kind of lighter because I
want to do something black right in the
middle or possibly like some sort of
like black line going across like a
wavelength there I don't know I have no
idea but I don't do something black
tomorrow and then let's see right here
this is cool I just did like random mix
swirls this I don't even know what this
is they're just like random pointy
shapes and stuff yeah it's just like a
bunch of randomness I don't know I
didn't really know what I was doing and
it's kind of harder than you would think
to like paint such a large canvas
because there's so much room to do so
much so you're like overwhelmed we can
always have that up there for a little
bit and then if we get tired of it we
could always put on a different wall if
we find something else so you know no
stress or anything but I'm pretty
pleased with it so yeah so Lexie and
drew just came back from Ralph's and
they freaking bought cookies yeah and we
decided to get um what's named Yoda Yoda
Yoda a little Star Wars one instead of
Christmas one because honestly I don't
even you watched our works I can you
know I don't know huge I wanna eat some
of this these cookies from right
Pillsbury's Pillsbury these are the best
sugar cookies in the entire world I
totally see that god bless
it is nearly midnight and I am back in
my bed me comma right comas bed I
actually just finished editing this
entire vlog up until this moment that
you guys are watching so I'm ahead of
the game for tomorrow it's so happy
about that but before I actually get
ready for bed I am quickly running a few
lines because on Tuesday I have an
audition and then also Wednesday night
I'm going to have a really really fun
shoe
it's gonna be happening during the
nighttime because it all night scenes
and then it's gonna go into the daytime
that I am so excited for because I'm
gonna be covered in blood I'm gonna be
stabbing someone in the eye with a spoon
a lot of stuff is gonna go down so I'm
really excited yeah this week is gonna
get a little crazy because we've got
that shoot the audition I'm also filming
videos for Teen Vogue so I'll have a
crew come over to our house here and
we're gonna film some stuff in the
kitchen so lots of exciting things are
happening I love love being busy and
it's so much fun being able to do the
stuff that I love to do I would say
overall if I had to grade my day on how
awesome it was I would say a solid a
maybe even an a-plus because I got to
paint which is always so much fun I got
to work and spend time with friends and
yeah overall it was just a really good
day so I'm very thankful for it and I'm
really happy that today happened it was
good um yeah I will see you guys
tomorrow for a new vlog bye
