good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 5 is it the fit so it's actually
kind of more noon and now but I uploaded
yesterday's video so I've been reading
the comments but also I've just been
chilling in the kitchen with Lexie and
Drew and we've had like the queue this
morning we're just like hanging out yeah
we were so close to planning a trip to
go to Joshua Tree tonight but all the
houses that Aaron babies that we want to
stay at you have to like get that stuff
taken care of far in advance basically
if you guys don't know what that is
Joshua Tree it's like a desert area
that's like south and there's like
Joshua trees everywhere it's like a type
of tree and like the skies are super
clear so the stars are beautiful at
night and everyone just like camps or
just campfires and whatever stuff like
that can you please pop in real quick
just like a little you did that in my
last vlog and it was somebody I stopped
the music also Giroux freaking forgot
his phone in the Oberer home last night
so yeah so I've been chatting with the
uber driver and well he technically has
not me but you know that's the current
issue right now I probably should start
my day I'm also sipping tea out of a jug
I don't know why I keep drinking tea out
of jugs not mugs um it is a weird word I
think of boobs I don't know why I like
you know like large jugs jug jugulars
large jugulars some right now Lexie and
Drew or at a party they have not seen
each other yet or it's been a while they
are now seeing each other again
and they're brought to greet each other
action oh let's see oh my god 5 6 7
that is somebody the special handshake
five six seven eight bravo Bravo guys
I'm currently working on editing my
video right now and I am debating on
whether the snowflakes are too
distracting or not I kind of like it I
made it so it doesn't go over my face I
don't know maybe I maybe I'm getting a
little too excited here also later today
I don't know what time though twenty to
thirty later today I'm meeting up with
my friend Lucas you may have seen him
before on my Instagram but he's an
awesome friend and human being so I'm
very excited because we haven't hung out
in a while yeah I've kind of been just
like really distracted and like not
really editing the editing type of thing
which like I know it come again which
completely goes against what I was
saying earlier about doing everything to
your fullest capability and potential
and focus and everything but you know
what I'm also looking at songs that I
want to learn on the guitar and right
now that is more intriguing in my mind
you guys are attached to a tripod right
now so I feel like extra sturdy today
truly has been the laziest Saturday ever
right now I'm sitting with Drew Mac and
Alex who's about to zoom by Oh Lucas is
meeting up with us later he's coming
over and we've just been sitting here
playing with the guitar classic it's
just like become our pastime now this is
gonna be such a bit double chin angle
also I'm wearing chucks have right now
thanks jack with the attire I am
comforted I still have my
I'm not a supermodel
I still eat McDonald's baby that's just
me well some may say I need to be afraid
of loosing everything because of where I
had my son everything safe in a lot of
apologies this vlog is probably gonna be
really boring but we've just been
enjoying each other's company this
lighting sucks
good we should almost just wait she wait
maybe hey guys hey Mia
and I'm Lucas I'm really excited to be
on Claudia's vlogmas because I don't
think she's ever blogged with me so like
yeah this is my 13th table 14 ha
JK jokes we're so funny we are heading
over to the house right now
but this look is here got the camera
help give them some facts about you some
facts about me yeah well we just bought
goldfish who doesn't love like a good
pepperidge farm girl you know I've never
played Monopoly which Claudia just found
out
so we're going to be a team and your
skin don't need yeah I mean Claudia what
can we say about us we met how do we
meet yeah we met on the set of tagged we
actually met at the airport we drove
together took the same place same flight
tonight I pretended I didn't know she
was no I was a Leyden
Sarkoja since then we've been basically
best friends I mean like inseparable hip
to hip hip to hip shouid i don't make me
banana pancakes every day on set I
didn't know I would go into the truck
and I would make pancakes for everyone
at 5:00 a.m. right before we had to
start practicing lines what did I do for
you what did I do in return now what was
i ah
moral support massage my feet rub your
feet that's like was it I didn't really
know to be every night actually believe
yes that's right with a director sidecut
I go Lucas whip up my feet there I was
puts the lotion on the skin gladion
reduce Lucas yet yeah yeah we're new
phones since you've been gone I can't
breathe for the first time
I'm starving yeah I think I have a week
I this my butt is weaker than this one I
need to get like an eyepatch I'll cover
this one you get a screen here and every
morning and make stars with your eyes
like you place like that like now you
look here here here here here
ah um we played a really interesting
game where basically um you kind of know
seven minutes in heaven no sutures oh I
know monopoly no twister no choice
you have to like whisper a question and
then the person answers it and it has to
be about someone
and they say their answer and then you
flip a coin and get it on the wrong side
that you have to say what the mush was I
don't know if any of you guys have ever
play that game before but it was really
fun I just don't know the name of it so
I'm really not being useful at all drew
how are you doing how's your night
mine's going really well he just ate a
really delicious looking pizza I did had
egg on it yeah I've been like into eggs
lately like on eggs on sandwiches
paninis Pizza everything good yeah
literally like he's not a honey mustard
man I'm saying agree I'm a honey mustard
man and an egg man you heard it here
first ladies I'm the Pepperidge Farm
kind of girls it's about 12:30 ish and
I'm gonna get ready for bed because I'm
super tired but yeah I seriously feel
like I got no footage today which sucks
I think the hard thing about daily
vlogging is there's so many times where
I'll be in a room with a bunch of people
and we're having a great time in the
moment is awesome and it's one of those
things where like you can't just like
pause life and be like hey guys let me
go quickly film this and then everyone
has to continue knowing that they're
being filmed you know what I mean I
don't know that's something that I need
to work on is being able to really vlog
and capture like the genuine moments
instead of feeling like oh wait guys
like stop real quick let me go get my
camera because then sometimes it makes
people like not uncomfortable but you
know it's it's not it's not the same
yeah so I feel like the days where I'm
like doing my own thing and I'm working
a bunch and all that stuff it's so easy
for me to get so much footage like my
vlogmas day 1 and day 2 I literally had
so much footage because I was just doing
a bunch of things by myself and it's so
easy to just pull this out and talk to
you guys but when I'm actually with
people it just you never really know
when the right time is to be vlogging
and stuff so I'm sorry about that but I
quickly wanted to mention something real
quick because I brought it up at the end
hey Jay are you going to bed yeah
oh it's the hoverboard story because I
brought it up yeah yeah yesterday I
mentioned that there was an incident
with me and a hoverboard the first time
I tried it or wasn't even like the first
time it was like the second night or
something but I never actually told the
story so I'm telling it to you guys
right now basically I don't know whose
board it was but we had to have a board
at the house and I was rolling around I
was doing my thing and like I got really
comfortable with it you know I was doing
spins backwards whatever the whole thing
and for some reason there was this one
moment I was in the middle of the room I
start to lose my balance and for some
reason like something was happening in
my mind where I just couldn't take my
feet off the board like I think I like
felt like I was on a snowboard or
something where my feet literally just
felt glued to the hoverboard I started
to lose my balance and I started tipping
like forwards and then backwards and all
of a sudden within a second I land
completely on my back I hit my head my
back and my arm kind of bends so I land
straight on like like flat like this on
my arm and so it kind of like shakes and
like at I don't you guys have never like
fallen on your elbow your arm and like
it kind of like vibrates and you're like
what the hell just happened
so landing straight on my back and knock
the wind out of myself and literally was
like hyperventilating and heavy
breathing for like five minutes being
like guys guys I seriously do not feel
good right now and like I literally like
couldn't get up it was so scary and I
also like could not feel my hand I mean
I knew I didn't break anything but I
could not feel my entire arm from like
elbow to tip of my fingers eventually
like my arm was fine again I literally
like don't know what technically
happened to my arm but like I literally
could not like feel it like I could kind
of twitch it but I don't know so weird
and so creepy so I've only been on the
board like twice since that happened I
was on it last night as you guys saw and
then today I was on it for a little bit
as well and it still freaks me out like
I I don't know I know eventually I'll
start getting on and I'll be more
comfortable and stuff but I don't know
that was more like a mental thing like
now I'm just scared that it's gonna
happen again
and I don't want it to because something
really serious could have happened but I
feel like that was like the longest
story of a very short thing that
actually happened but I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlogmas we had a really
fun day I literally feel like I stayed
home the entire day but that's what
happens on the weekends we just want to
have a chill time oh I just realized I
didn't open up the advent calendar and I
didn't do it in yesterday's vlog either
I ended up eating the chocolate though
so I freaking sucked life but let me do
it right now let's get it out gracefully
how about we yep there we go
can I speak No all right I'm gonna go
eat this and head to bed good night guys
