guys I keep trying to export yesterday's
vlog but this keeps happening I've
literally deleted all other footage on
my computer there's no other apps that
are on right now hello guys welcome to
vlogmas today for if what you're looking
at right now all this isn't festive I
don't know what is so I just finished
filming the intro and outro to it my
main channel videos so there's the
camera here's the setup got some nice
candles going on the background yeah
I've had a pretty slow start to my day
which is kind of annoying but I need to
stop going to bed at 2 a.m. because for
the last two nights I've been going to
bed at 2 a.m. and it just messes up my
entire morning also I was having so much
troubles getting up yesterday's vlog I
don't know why but I kept saying that
there were too many applications going
on but the only application that was
open was Final Cut Pro it was weird I
was restarting my computer a bunch of
times and everything and what ended up
working was just copying all the footage
and all the edits onto a new project in
a different event and that's how it
exported so maybe the project was
corrupt or something I have no idea but
it's all good because it's on there now
and now I kind of have trust issues with
my laptop I'm like questioning whether I
should start editing vlogmas on like my
Big Mac Big Mac so I don't really know
yet but that could have just been like a
coincidence yeah I don't really have too
many exciting things planned for today
literally I'm just going to be editing
this main Channel video and putting all
the clips together and stuff because
I've been just getting a lot of footage
to out the week so yeah I don't know if
today's video is gonna be interesting or
not but we'll see we'll see so I'm
reading some of the comments of my last
vlog and a bunch of you guys are asking
about the bed that I purchased back in
July when I first moved here yep that
bed you know which bed I'm talking about
still not here I don't know if any of
you guys have purchased anything from
West Elm comm online but it is taking so
freaking long and I don't understand
because when I originally purchased the
bed it said that it was on backorder and
it would be ready to ship in October I
was like ok 4 months is a long time but
I
wait I know it'll be worth it whatever
October comes nothing I get emails
saying that's still on backorder then
they say it's ready to be shipped
November 1st or something like that I
was like ok it's fine whatever call them
up hey um you guys were supposed to
deliver my bed today oh I'm sorry miss
we forgot to contact you and let you
know that the headboard is actually
still on backorder
they just kept pushing the date so far
back I literally feel like I've called
them so many times and I've gotten so
many emails being like your bed's ready
JK no it's not your beds ready oh no
it's not and the last phone call that I
had with them I decided to be a little
bit more feisty because all the calls
that I have with them it's always like
okay like I understand let me know thank
you bye bye but this last one I was
getting so aggravated I miss poor lady
like I know it's not her fault but I was
sitting there and I was like okay I
don't mean to be rude but I bought this
bed back in July and I was expected to
have it here by October it is literally
taking guys half a year like if I don't
get it soon I want my money back because
I don't have a bed for half a year I
mean technically I have one but you know
like they don't know that I could
literally be sleeping on a mattress for
half a year and she was like I
understand I don't know what's going on
with it I will email them right away
like the warehouse whatever and I'll
call you back never calls me back that's
a quick and aggressive update on my bed
that has never arrived I kid you not two
minutes after I put the camera down
my phone started ringing guess who it
was West Elm and they are now dropping
my bed off next week how did that just
happen right there I don't know I'm not
going to question it because I'm just
going to wait until the day that it
arrives so I can be happy and then freak
out but it's scheduled to deliver on the
9th which is next Wednesday so I guess I
guess my bed is coming next Wednesday
now I just went through like a
rollercoaster of emotions right there so
I'm just now recovering from this but
cool yay awesome great news I am
currently
being a little guitar sesh in my
bathroom but today's goal was to learn a
different song because I don't know yeah
we learned a new song today and this was
actually really easy once again it's a
Taylor Swift song it's we are never ever
getting back together um so you're it is
I remember when we broke up for son
saying this is it I've had enough cuz
like we haven't seen each other in a
month when you said you needed space
what then you come around again and say
baby I miss you wanna swear I'm gonna
change trust me remember how that lasted
for a day I say we have I hate you weary
I say hate you we break up you call me I
love you this time we are never ever
ever getting back together we never ever
ever getting back together you go talk
offense and not faint that's me so I'm
editing the footage that you guys just
saw and I quickly wanted to make a
disclaimer because I mentioned it in
like a different one but maybe some of
you guys are just stumbling on this one
but I'm not trying to be a singer and
like this isn't me being like hey listen
to my voice like I want to do covers now
not at all no like this is Claudia just
finding a hobby and doing it and singing
is involved with it my voice cracks all
the time when I sang because I have a
super like groggy like like what is that
the word I don't know but I have a
really like raspy voice when I sing and
it's really annoying and it bothers me
but like I know I know I'm not the best
okay so be nice to me in the comments
but
I'm pretty proud of myself that I was
able to learn this song in one day and
yeah I'm definitely starting to get a
little more comfortable with you know
like the whole shebang
um I completely forgot to ask this
before but I want to know what your
guys's favorite songs are - playing the
guitar for those of you who do play
guitar so I'm currently showing in
Lexi's room with the one and only Lexie
and Dru Mac um and drew knows how to put
are they four chords yeah GCD is not
that you can literally put like sing any
song with it
Wow I swear the world that's unprepared
when I'm a billionaire Oh
and I'm a billionaire Oh camera it's
great like all the solid a um that's art
yeah do that one like the most possum
yeah ever since I left the city all
right so we're taking the same chords as
we're never going back together and
we're switching out a little bit okay so
let me do let me do like one one line
and then you play it again okay sounds
good okay let me know when diz I should
come out on the B three two one you put
on there oh five six seven eight pull up
in the monster automobile gang stuff
with the bad bitch that came from Sri
Lanka
yeah minnetonka color the Willy Wonka
you could be the king but watch the
Queen conquer first things first I'll
eat your brain then imma stop rocking go
teeth and banks is that's what a
 monster do it dress up a
Milan that's a monster do monster the
SEBI eel is the monster shoo young money
is the Rasta and the Mons in the crew
and a olive olive all up in the bank
with the funny face so if I'm fake I
notice with my money able let me get the
street wait I'm the rookie but my
features in my show ten times you pay
50k for a personal album I'll get my
money so tall that my Bobby's got a
climate hotter than a little ISA climb
and find it don't even Tyrone Odie
whining why
it Mickey I'm titties when I signed it
all these don't one track minded oh
really really
I don't give an F uck forgive Bobby
me because she's fake I'm on a diet but
I put my pocket cheesecake I don't know
the rest of the words but I'm gonna keep
not going incredible one of our friends
Omid is having a party tonight and he's
calling it Omid con like Vic on me Jack
your Alexi decided that we want to roll
up as a squad you know we want to show
up making a statement so Jack and I are
going to show up in fur coats here's my
outfit I'm wearing a concert t-shirt
with some grey skinny jeans and some
sneakers and this fricking cheetah print
coats
I feel like Serena van der Woodsen but
like not at all and then drew and Lexi
are going to be wearing long overalls so
we're all just showing up in our nice
little goofy costumes I'll try to get
pictures of them and put them on the
screen if I don't blog it
we are currently just jamming out of the
house I'm on Jack's hoverboard which got
you to give you guys a little story time
about the last time that I was on one of
these because it's actually quite a
scary and sad story but it's okay now
now I'm comfortable on it Oh
something always bad happens edamame
