hey guys welcome to vlogmas day 3 so
it's about one o'clock and I am almost
done uploading my video I had like an
hour and a half of footage to go through
just from yesterday's vlog a lot of it
was just montage footage that either
like sped up or just didn't even end up
using in the video or whatnot but
seriously editing that vlog took up my
entire morning right now I'm currently
sipping my sugar cookie sleigh-ride tea
out of a mason jar because all of our
mugs are dirty oh just to wait until I
show you guys the frickin kitchen right
now because I went down there for
breakfast and it is a disgusting mess
that is the one thing that I hate about
having people over is the next morning
your house is so dirty and you just have
to get it done you have to clean it up
also today is going to be one of those
days where I'm just not even gonna
bother to put any makeup on or get ready
really because I just want to let my
face breathe and I have to film some
shots from my main channel video but
they only include my hands doing things
on camera so I'm good to go guys prepare
to be absolutely disgusted ok let's take
a little gander at what's going on here
okay so it's downstairs in the kitchen
meowing because I'm hungry and I want
chocolate and I've been trying to eat
like healthier Kali was like yo you can
have my advent calendar chocolate for
the day so I'm in her room and I'm going
to eat her happy I don't know which one
it is though I always see Claudia
struggle with this so hopefully you know
it's not as hard to show his bub okay
yeah it is as hard as she makes it out
to be
ah really really oh yes oh yeah little
morning Jane it's definitely 2:30 yeah
and that ladies and gentlemen is how you
get it done I just got a really exciting
package in the mail and I'm going to do
an unboxing for you guys look at how
large it is yeah the love oh it's a box
within another box
this is my bedrooms version of a
Christmas tree I think I actually talked
about this in a vlog I really wanted to
get like this white branch thing I saw
some targets the target didn't have it
so I went to this store called
Restoration Hardware everything or
something like that and I was like
Fresno store but they had it so I bought
it I think this looks like a witch's
broom Halloween and Christmas decoration
two and one
I'm gonna go set this up and show you
guys what it looks like after check this
out it is so cute oh my god I want to
keep this in my room all year round but
that's all I'm going to show you because
I'm making a holiday decor video so that
we'll be able to main channel soon that
self-promote oh guys this is a whole
event right now let's let me just show
you the situation going on yeah I got a
crew basically we're all helping out
drew from his new video today and it the
concept is awesome so I'm really close
exciting is headed I'm excited to see
how it's going to turn out basically
we're gonna have the car driving Drew's
gonna be walking behind it someone's
gonna be filming from the trunk it's
gonna be like a constant it's like a
one-shot video right it's look like um
so we need to find a street where cars
won't be driving on and all that stuff I
am currently the trunk of the car it's
open and we're about to film a practice
round but some guy just walks out and
needs to leave this parking lot so we're
just moving on over a little bit how's
your day going so far pretty good I wish
my video was uploaded it's taking like
206 minutes I'm like that's my first
vlog because I want to see comments I
wanted to go up girl you got to use
handbrake it compresses all your files I
showed you that and my apt it made it
blurry
are you putting it on the right setting
that's weird I had to use it for my
video - girl use handbrake girl use
handbrake is that illegal
is that illegal is illegal I hope I'm
not promoting something illegal anyways
I don't know it's good for long videos
is the guy gone
okay back it on up girl okay step this
way a little bit so is this a perfectly
distance
yeah wait let me focus and then show you
I carry with me in my bag so without
further ado let's get started okay so
what the person gonna have with me and
my guy is they never really know when I
look at this kind of Testament where
that's right
if you're confused as to why his audio
sounds super crazy sped up is because
he's going to then take the footage and
slow it down so it's more slow-motion
but it'll still be in sync with the
voiceover once the voice-over is in
regular speed if that makes sense
is someone here again hey my TV shows
photos and videos in literally
everything I was going through so you
know I didn't even film that moment Oh
suck you just thought of the idea of
like driving off and 20 right once he's
gone everyone let's get ready boom plays
with everyone faces or equal to three
slow down slow down slow down drill
never do at this point
next I always got I think that you need
to film it with count this voiceover
great Alice's doing out the poison room
we decided against the voiceover because
it's stressing everyone out it's way too
loud it's way too fast and he can just
redo the voice-over once he's done
anything walk in drill
okay and action Lexi good good good yep
lexis go down a little bit okay guys
this car is probably like Waddell why
are they filming me oh my god they're
literally waving hello I'm so far get
someone's a sign that was so funny
that was there were three cars going
behind us I don't like now I don't want
to be in it so I gave up on it so Alex
what are you getting huh um well I
usually get the same thing but Claudia
it's meat chicken eyes otherwise we're
out to dinner drew doesn't have his food
yet I do have this right here is such a
cute little setup like the lights behind
you everything it's a cute background oh
um of course Alex to get the same meal
as me try it what do you think you
didn't even try it
that was the teenies little boy ever you
need to get like a good chunk in there
yeah there you go
doesn't it kind of tastes like a
healthier version of Chipotle no no not
all right I'm just kidding guys I got
the same thing it's really great it's
like a veggie wrap with hummus in there
and and good stuff guys how long have we
been here for literally it's like I was
explaining it before as like I feel like
we're on this first day that we just
don't want it to end
we're off until the restaurant closes
like the valet guy came over and he was
like guys like my shift is over can just
like pay the ticket now like we need
only like every single sign from the
universe is like guys go home okay also
drew just freakin who blows out the
candle everyone's the entire ambience of
the day's yeah yeah it's now dark or you
don't make out with us no I'll think
about it
you
so as you can tell I am getting better
at switching the chords back and forth
on these fingers and I have less than
more ringing going on but the next thing
that I have to work on is muting it
because the songs faster and it kind of
has more of like a muted sound so
instead of this it's more like a you
know like a short muted I don't know I
don't know I'm doing so instead it's
supposed to sound like this but it's not
it's not going to sound as pretty as it
just sounded right now and then for the
chorus I just learned the simplest route
which is
Oh
but instead I want to like change it up
a little bit by doing like I told myself
that you guys get the get the gist that
right there is a guitar update thank you
so much for watching today's vlog and I
will see you guys smile good night
