good morning everyone and welcome to
vlogmas day two so I just finished
getting ready because I'm about to head
to ok well I guess not good morning
anymore because it's almost twelve
o'clock so good afternoon I'm about to
head to lunch with my manager and her
mom Kathy so I'm very excited I also
just uploaded yesterday's video so I've
been reading the comments on my cell
phone and stuff and all of your guys's
comments are making me so happy because
I can see how excited you guys are and
it only makes me more excited so it's a
good time let's go see what the friends
are doing I hear them I hear them
chit-chatting down here hey
okay bye bog mez guys before I get into
anything else I quickly just want to
State or I guess ask you guys how do you
avoid getting carsick because I just got
home and I wanted to over to lunch
rather than drive just so that I
wouldn't have to deal with parking and
you know whatnot and every time I Drive
in ubers I get so carsick by sitting in
the back and I don't know why I guess
it's because I was on my phone probably
or something but seriously I think I'm
about to like throw up right now
but it'll go away you guys probably
don't care at all was I gonna say okay
so today is gonna be a really fun and
exciting day lunch was awesome I
absolutely loved Megan and her mom Kathy
first off I'm going to open the package
that you guys are currently sitting on
right now because I got a package and I
have no idea what's inside of it I need
to get a few things because I'm hosting
a little Christmas night tonight with my
friends Brittany you guys have met her
in a previous vlog and Alexa Alosi is
coming over I don't even know if she's
seen this place before yet so I'm really
excited for her to come over but
basically I just wanted to have like a
cute little festive night so I want to
get some gingerbread cookie
but I need to find a mix that's
gluten-free that might be a challenge
but that is a goal to find that today I
also need to get firewood because we
have a fireplace but we've never used it
before so I want to crack this baby open
and light this thing tonight and then
also we're gonna have a Christmas movie
playing I want to get some hot cocoa mix
just you know overall have a nice
festive night maybe even whip out the
Christmas tree that we have in the
garage and set that up oh shoot I need
to upload a video today I forgot I'm
uploading this watch me get ready type
of video today I'm gonna go do that
right now and open this package yeah
let's do that now I have so many things
why would I pull this knife out I have
so many things just on my mind right now
I'm so scatterbrained let's sit you down
what is this oh um it's from Smashbox
x-rated mascara buildable volume
I actually am in need of a new mascara
what it is I'll no dude I'll figure that
out later got to do other stuff okay
thank you so much Smashbox for sending
me this mascara I am literally gonna try
it tomorrow so excited about that also
for those of you who completely doubt my
nurturing skills and human being morals
I would like to prove to you guys that
gizelle is still alive there she is
she's chillin yeah I know a lot of you
guys got mad at me for getting a cute
bowl that I thought matched my room
decor um but you know what hey if I'm
gonna get a big fish I was gonna get a
cute one and um
the bull is doing well she's still she's
still living it up and stuff so just
wanted to quickly get that out of the
way because I feel like I get comments
on every video being like hey it's just
how still I'm just wondering yes she is
alright moving on with life I swear to
god that is the fastest I've ever made a
thumbnail and fun fact I still use
picmonkey.com
to make my thumbnails I probably should
act like a normal youtuber and just get
Photoshop and do it the right way but
honestly my $5 premium account on a pic
monkey really
it does the job like I mean hey it works
you know and I'm just so p'm iller with
it I just refused to change my ways I'm
content with this also I just I I do
this when I save files so they never
actually have real names to them it's
it's actually an issue let's do two this
video needs to be up okay bye I like how
my desk is becoming like my sit-down
vlog area I just always happened to be
sitting here when I sparked some sort of
thought process and want to tell it to
guys but I just uploaded my video so yes
got that done what to watch me get ready
fall edition which oh I know it's later
it's like already December but whatever
it's okay I needed to go out but I've
been reading some of your guys's
comments on my vlogmas video from
yesterday and one of your comments kind
of sparked a thought process in my head
you guys know that I like to share my
thoughts with you guys oh no this is
like a thing that I've been doing lately
my vlogs and you guys love it I love it
it's great good times basically the
comments sent I think it's so cool how
productive you are Claudia I wish I had
the motivation to wash dishes takeout
boxes get dressed go places and play the
guitar all I do is lay in bed and it's
not good for me so I quickly just wanted
to talk about the whole idea of being
productive and doing things and getting
up and just motivating yourself I feel
like this is something that I feel so
strongly about over the past year I've
just learned so much about myself as a
person as far as how I like to go about
my days and stuff like that and so I
feel like maybe some of my advice or
tips can help some of you guys out there
because I know laziness and
procrastination is a huge struggle that
lots of teenagers and just people in
general deal with everyday having a plan
as far as what you want to do with your
day
and what I wanted to mention is that
every single thing that you do whether
it's work related school related even
just being social with friends family
whatever maybe everything that you're
doing from day to day is slowly shaping
and building you to the person that you
will become and that you are becoming
and so thinking about it in that sort of
perspective made me value how often
I put time into going out to lunch with
people and just building new friendships
but also building new work-related
friendships and working on videos and
things like that so basically the way
that I kind of think about my daily
chores and my random assignments that I
have to do and things like that the way
that I think about it is okay if I
complete this task
small or large it is going to further me
into my life so for example if it's
something as simple as doing the dishes
I know that I can complain about doing
the dishes I could be super sighted I
could procrastinate whatever but at the
end of the day you're just building up
and wasting so much time to finish such
a simple task that you can easily Bing
out in like 20 minutes like yesterday I
did the dishes in like 10 minutes I
think if it only requires less than half
an hour to do something just do it
completely to your fullest ability don't
be distracted put your phone away
whatever if you put all your focus and
energy into whatever you say you will do
you will complete it so much faster
thus progressing you in life as a human
being and you can now go past that and
start doing the next thing I actually
tweeted this I think like one or two
weeks ago or something but I have a
little challenge for you guys it's not a
challenge at all actually it's just a
quick little tip if you are interacting
to do lists if you're not first of all
you should try it it's awesome but if
you are I definitely recommend at the
top of your to-do list instead of
writing like things I have to do
whatever literally writes you can do
these things if you want and like
underline the word can and want instead
of looking at your to-do lists as things
that you have to do or that you should
do think about it as things that you
want to do because you want to progress
as a person and you want to get these
things done to move on to the next and
guys I kid you not it changes the entire
game of how you accomplish your daily
goals and just in general start to think
about your day-to-day lifestyle and
stuff I don't know it really impacted
the way that I now take care of things
like chores and making videos and
whatnot guys it happens again my camera
battery died so now I'm recording off
phone but anyways when you start to
realize how quickly you can get through
your daily tasks if you just put all of
your focus and energy into it you end up
doing so much more with your day back
when I lived in Chicago I was the
laziest and biggest procrastinator that
I ever knew and my days just felt so
much shorter because not as much was
happening during them but nowadays my
days feel so incredibly long I like to
go to bed early because I like to wake
up and get a bunch of work done and
literally plan different activities with
my friends like I've been planning this
little holiday thing that's happening
tonight for a few days now and making
plans with people is so fun because I
actually now value those social
activities because I register them into
my head as okay this is something that I
want to do this will progress me in life
because all the things that you're doing
whether it's for work or for pleasure
it's shaping you into the person that
you hopefully want to become with all
this being said and everything my
end-all be-all goal every single day is
just to complete everything with my full
attention because the outcome is always
more fulfilling it's more genuine it
feels more complete and overall it just
makes you feel so much better about
yourself and you feel like a better
human being and you want to do more what
can I do to make me a better person than
I was yesterday and you're just honest
constant high of just getting things
done and still putting in time to just
relax and watch a movie if you want so
that is it for today's one-on-one
talking session with uh Claudia yeah
hopefully you guys gained something from
this like it's this little secret that
I've just kind of recently discovered
and applied it to my life and maybe some
of you guys can apply to yours so
hopefully you guys enjoyed that let's
get back into today's vlog I need to
continue on with my day because I got
things to do great progress has been
made so Ralph's had firewood which is
incredible so I got someone
got some food they didn't have any
gingerbread cookie mix which just mind
boggles me because it's Christmastime I
don't know so I'm currently heading to
Whole Foods right now to try to find
some I also need to get vegan butter
some sort of egg substitute because
we've got a vegan joining us we've got a
gluten-free dairy-free gal joining us so
you know I just want to stay mindful of
everyone although I did pick up eggnog
cookies I kind of just want to make them
solely because I'm interested in how
they would taste because I don't even
think I've ever tried eggnog before so
that will just be a little experiment I
just ran up and down so many staircases
so I just got home let me show you guys
what I got because it was pretty
successful
for starters neither Whole Foods nor
elfs had gingerbread cookie mix what is
this what so we needed to improvise a
little bit
I saw these two giant gingerbread man at
Whole Foods and I was thinking of
getting it for everyone but that would
be a solid of six of these and they're
$5 each and that's just kind of a lot of
money so instead I just got two that we
can all decorate and eat whatever plus
like who needs this large of a cookie
got some veggies some fruit some almond
milk for the hot chocolate I got some of
this double chocolate hot cocoa it's
dairy-free so I want to get a dairy-free
option and then here's like just some
regular like hot chocolate this is the
gluten free vegan cookie mix that I
found they're just chocolate chip and
this is the weird eggnog
limited edition cookie mix that I got
got the egg replacer I've never used
this before so that will be interesting
butter sticks white icing red icing
green black some red sprinkles this tea
which is my favorite freakin tea in the
entire world and it's only seasonal so
if you guys see this pick it up it's by
this brand and it's the sugar cookies
sleigh-ride tea I got two of these
because last year I was obsessed with
them and then also some gingerbread
spice and the firewood I'm so excited to
use the fireplace tonight guys I had to
quickly stop life real quick
to show you the sunset
oh my god it is so pretty today we're
gonna go on the roof I will say la has
the best sunsets I have ever seen in my
entire life so pretty I just realized I
forgot to do the admin calendar today so
day two let's not be difficult here
thanks I've received a lot of comments
asking why I never eat these on camera
so that's good this blanket
Angelo Twitter the newest addition to
the family
Stephanie but now it's time to put our
Christmas tree up oh and throw out
garbage that you're really excited to
throw out the garbage aren't you Oh
buddy it is going to touch the light all
of the lights
guys we officially have our tree up if
you recognize this from last year it's
actually the same tree that Lexi and I
had in our apartment so you know it's a
little small but it's so cute we have
like a little gold and silver theme
going on here Bam Bam also we don't have
a star so this is what's going on right
now all right guys we did a bunch of
holiday decorating so let me show you
what we've got so far here is an
overview for starters we hung up this
sign that says Merry Christmas we need
to get some sort of like work of art
here like this wall is very plain but
for now we're just gonna have that there
and then as I showed you guys before
we've got the tree we had extra lights
so we wrap them around here and then
we've got Lexi's baller advent calendar
some good old flowers and a sign that
says joy just having Christmas lights in
the background and seeing that in this
viewfinder is making me so happy I
thought you're gonna like pop in but you
did it um what's a goal I don't know it
makes me really happy if you like we're
in the North Pole right now and it's a
good day so we've got the Christmas
music softly playing in the backgrounds
and this is tonight's attire red robe
and slippers and Drew's coming down
right now to help me with the fire
by you huh foods newspaper by ah I hear
noises
I see things happening what oh no
nevermind now is your life today I got
it
well how'd you do it guys I got it well
it's all I do be they just do it onto
the the wood is on fire then we turn it
off
yeah don't worry guys we figured it out
Oh with your little dirty everyone is
here
start the night let's make some freakin
cookie cookies
alright let's let's start off with a
choice are you gonna be car driven no
Robin like that's good that's good oh
yeah they should be sex icons
oh the cookies are ready look delicious
it smell amazing
all I wanted everything at always walk
Britney all I want for Christmas is you
is you kidding yo ha ha
I don't have to wish you for Christmas
because I already have you you already
in my life did you pick here just a
mission for me
yeah she's a little harder to get you
couldn't just move in Britney just move
it okay done
yeah I'm moving him guys guys okay this
is how long I was gone you are gone you
were gone okay okay
Alec's and I got a little caught up we
didn't sell any burning everyone came
back and they're like oh yeah what's
burning I was like babies are mine in
here guys these look like brownie
cookies there's supposed to be chocolate
chip get a ain't brownie cooing where do
you plan on throwing this understand
right here so that it's a good idea how
oh my gosh it smells so bad really bad
no from its charcoal you get that but
Christmas what what is going on here
I have nobody touch the cookie where I'm
currently documenting this moment looks
like they're doing a mating dance Lexi
just goes no guys if anyone sees a white
little ball it's my belly button friend
that you don't know we're not able to
see the laughter yes bye but ring so
yeah but honestly what is a Christmas
party without some my clock
smells like ashes and and burnt cookies
I can't believe this guy on right now my
friends are such entertaining people I
mean literally I don't even need to talk
they make my vlogmas interested go Wow
Jenna can join if you love then whoa
drew please try it for vlogmas pretty
good oh my Britney do it I'll do it
you're out for the bike everyone take
one bite while looking onto the concrete
see if it breaks it's it Joe no all
right
sometimes I like the taste of burnt
stock my gingerbread woman is done I did
Miley Cyrus and her iconic what what
event was this VMAs I guess being a
feelings
idk but this general region looks like a
chandelier so that's and then she's got
some nice little suspenders over her
boobs so that right there is Miley Cyrus
Britney
I did a complete gingerbread man covered
in Harry Styles tattoos that's what it
is there's the butterfly 17 black in
white they're not in the places that
would be on an act on him a little
unproportional leaves he has around his
junk yeah
butterfly on the chest uh these are on
his shoulders like the birds on his
shoulder it's creepy that I know where
they are so I'm gonna stop now I know
you're really getting into full detail
here sorry my legs
alright P girl - your arm oh okay
this is like now I think I'm laughing
why you should all just like do a
pheasant act out this scenario okay so
hit the flow like you know you might be
dusting you're going to be sleeping like
if you want to bro you can do that -
five six seven eight give up give up
oh so it is about 2:00 a.m. everyone
went home I'm about to get ready for bed
I'm so tired but tonight was so much fun
towards the end things took a bit of a
different turn someone brought up either
Sea World for killer whales or something
along the lines of that and a few
minutes later we start watching
blackfish which is basically a
documentary that kind of shows you what
really happens at SeaWorld and all the
incidents with killer whales and humans
and stuff and we're only an hour into it
there's still a little bit more but
everyone is so tired we just decided to
pause it I definitely won't continue
watching it tomorrow but it is so
upsetting to watch it is so sad oh my
gosh I didn't even know that it was that
bad so if any of you guys have Netflix
accounts or if you can watch this
documentary I highly recommend watching
it just to be aware of horrible things
that people are capable of doing it's so
sad this is like such a reoccurring
thing to be thinking about - with all
the shootings going on and stuff
apparently there was one that recently
happened in California I don't know I
need a research about it so I don't want
to sound like I know what I'm talking
about but drew mentioned it today and
you know the whole Paris thing and
everything it's just so freakin crazy to
think that us humans would ever decide
to make those decisions and hurt the
people around us and animals and earth
and everything oh my gosh um all right
now I'm just getting like crazy 2 a.m.
thoughts and stuff wow that was like a
really sad note to be leaving you guys
off on a vlog like you're probably
watching this in the middle of your day
in a great mood and all of a sudden BAM
Claudia hits you with like sad stuff but
hey it's good to be aware of what's
going on around us and stuff because you
can't always just be naive and oblivious
to things that are very important to
know about all right I'll see you guys
for tomorrow's vlog I hope you guys
enjoy today's day it was a really really
good day I'm really hot
um everything and stuff and I'm excited
to edit this vlog all right I need to
shut up all right I love you guys so
much and I'll see you tomorrow bye
