vlog mice 2015 is here and I'm filming
the first clip Wow
but I can't believe I'm gonna be
vlogging every single day for the next
25 days I'm a little nervous I'm also
very excited because this is my third
year participating in vlogmas so I know
I can do it I know I can handle it and
it always ends up being an awesome time
so I'm very very excited to be vlogging
every single day for you guys see
instantly vlogging just put me in a
better mood this is why this is why I
love it okay so today's the summer first
what do we have on today's to-do list I
have a few chores that I need to do I
started doing laundry I need to do the
dishes because my family actually came
here to LA for Thanksgiving the day I
came back from Utah was the same day
that my family all came here so we spent
a week together and it was really fun I
didn't vlog it because I just chose not
to that was a lot of fun but since they
came here for Thanksgiving I'm obviously
gonna go to Chicago for Christmas I
haven't bought my tickets yet I need to
do that like today so that's a little
recap of what my life has been like for
the past like two weeks but yeah let's
see we've got a few little chores to do
why are we talking about my family
alright because the dishes the dishes
are insanely dirty right now so I need
to do those because my roommates are not
responsible for all of those and then
also I want to head to Michael's and
look at the different crafts and stuff
because I want to make a holiday room
decor video idea what else we'll see how
the day goes
I don't really know that's the plan so
far I'm also gonna have to tackle this
mess right here this is just like
recycled boxes and bags it's just been
accumulating for the past like month so
we're gonna take care of that but first
to the dishes so here's the before
lovely and here is the after I feel like
a lot of time just passed by and I
haven't updated you guys so while taking
down my trash that was right there I
bumped into lexing drew as they were
chatting
stairwell downstairs so basically I just
spent the past like hour hour-and-a-half
I don't really know just catching up
with Lexi because we had a bunch of
stories to tell each other and I just
freaking love that girl I don't know
it's so cute every time we have
conversations we're always just like so
shout out Lex love you girl
are you ready Freddy okay almost as he
lays in bed naked under his computer so
I need to get some sort of spray that
gives us snowy effect we're gonna try
this out somewhere yeah I wanna do that
you're bad
I just did my hand well what is it
though it's cold is this what I would
need though do you put this on glass um
they'll probably say the service is oh
yeah I see glass literally just like
aimlessly walking around the store
figuring out what we could use and stuff
like that cuz I'm so distracted there's
just you they're so cute
Wow all right a little bit was like
silver on the top whoo yeah all right
guys we got the goods
here they are we're playing a fun game
with this random lady in line she was so
cute drew and I were basically trying to
guess how much money I'm gonna spend the
total ended up being like 126 dollars or
something because there's a lot of stuff
on sale today so go us for deciding to
go on this random Tuesday the total was
like 126 the lady guests like 155 what
you guys yeah you guys 134 yeah but you
guys halfway through your purchase yeah
my initial guess was like $80 there's
something like that if you're ever
buying a lot of stuff or at a restaurant
yeah and we always played at restaurants
you just try to guess the total and it's
really fun to see so satisfying if you
get it close you're just like yes you
get it you're like on top of the world
yeah
why are you sad to me right now why this
no this what is the best thing in the
entire world I wish I knew what I wanted
so that's Lexi at Trader Joe's right now
I'm only buying one thing I'm getting
some sandwich man some use a sandwich
man look I just had to state that if any
of you watched last year's vlog miss you
would know that this is what I put in my
advocate Allender from Target they are
the dark chocolate speculoos I've never
done cookie butter cups
I don't know these these things are bomb
though guys look at how cute this is
white pine hand soap and hand lotion my
mom got me these for Christmas and my
thing last year I thought they were
little books on each country uh-huh nope
chocolate Wow is this not the cutest
thing ever like super Christmasy right I
don't think that yeah like a moon it's
like it's cute are you kidding me Lexi
I feel so judged right that's pretty
cute which one do you like more I like
that okay yeah I like the little metal
container though a little milk it does
it's a salt milk lotion what do you
think organic man it's gonna taste
different I think any type of mayonnaise
is just disgusting personally so that's
disgusting you can yep keep that away
see offended by sauces guy this thing
we're like I don't know it just bothers
me that people get so offended by sauces
like you are kinda five minutes let
mortgage on like some people hate I just
get really offended by I just think
sauces art have such a strong taste like
it's such a bold move
rather love who you hate it this right
here I despise it I think what are your
ideas on minute new Finley and I
have it i co-wrote snotty Regan and one
of them the superheroes is the
mayonnaise guys so like any time someone
you know home has a little bit of this
he just goes up up their
mayonnaise good thing you guys won't be
eating it it's all mine sweet every
human being at this Trader Joe's like
probably knows as us the annoying
teenagers who are vlogging because Lexi
was walking to look at that Sammy my go
you and I are making sandwiches yeah I
have never put mustard on a sandwich
before voluntarily and I'm really
excited your sandwich is so hefty oh my
god that's the best shot of a sandwich
I've ever seen okay all right it is time
to start opening up the admin calendar I
literally just place them all in here oh
I remember this being the biggest
struggle every single time last year yep
nothing has changed whoo guys let's be
serious here for a second okay I have to
introduce you guys to someone who
recently came into my life and they're
really special to me I can't take myself
seriously all right it's a guitar so
recently I decided that I wanted to
teach myself how to play the guitar and
guitar was always one of those things
where I was always kind of jealous of
people who knew how to play it I always
thought it was really cool and it sounds
beautiful and it looks fun and all this
stuff and recently I was just like hey
if I always have these thoughts why not
just go out and freaking by one and
teach yourself it can't be that bad so
while my family was in town earlier this
week my brother Marcin is like a musical
genius he literally knows how to play
like every single instrument guitar bass
piano drums
hello electric like just you know
everything okay so I asked him if we can
go to the guitar store and if he can
help me choose a guitar because I
literally don't know anything as far as
quality and brands and all that stuff so
he helped pick up this one for me so I
picked out the epiphone masterbilt I
knew that I just want to get a nice high
quality guitar that would just last me
for years and years and years who knows
how into this I'm gonna get right now
I'm obsessed with it yeah I just want to
get a good guitar that would sound nice
and stuff I was looking at other ones
that were prettier because in my opinion
this is a little too orange for my taste
as far as the color but this is the only
one that they had this version this one
definitely sounded the best and just
felt the best and you know it just spoke
to me I basically had this thing for
about like a day and a half I would say
yesterday was like my first full day
with it and I was just kind of messing
around with it and I'm starting to learn
a few chords you guys want to hear
something forewarning I suck right now
okay
tempo off tune probably off lots of
faulty bad things happening here so
right now I'm kind of learning how to
play 22 by Taylor Swift because it's
pretty easy and it was just I don't know
I don't know why just the chorus is like
you
yeah
watch what up what up let's hear it I
was gonna go to the toy store to get an
admin calendar because I'm assuming all
the chocolates of dairy in it mm-hmm she
sends me wait hey everyone's just
migrating in here let's get yeah I'm
here by the way loving that you're
playing it's hard I think that's awesome
thank you it's pretty first of all open
table tea hmm mama Lombard shout-out to
you
she came in so close should I tell your
viewer is the secret cuz I don't want to
announce it on my channel yeah my mom is
in love with stocking stuffers okay she
like loves them and Joyce goes overboard
getting me way too many and I made a
video last year like my mom sick
obsession like what's in my stocking
she spent all year making a separate
stocking for one of my subscribers so in
my what's my charming video it's a
giveaway too
oh my god that's so cute yeah seriously
bianna take notes okay what are you
doing Joe nothing mom I was just about
to show these guys my new lover I even
named her yeah her what is this ooh
Chelsea that's kind of look like a
Chelsea with the color of the wood don't
ask me why they also like the black
floral thing black floral
that's not floral that is not this is
like our believe oh yeah it's like I was
over all the entire time you think I
would get a floral goodness why am i oh
you're talking to me I even said that I
think I thought you're talking about
like these little diamonds yeah like
does he think they're flowers
I was serenading them with my guitar and
you guys just popped in believe what's
up are you a tripod yeah I don't need it
until like if you're ours I think Tigers
open up Stacy loose fill theirs thank
you oh my gosh my love for them so
that's kind of all that I know right now
um I'm like learning other chords like
the courts for stay with me f mr got so
hard you literally like you have to bar
it with your finger on the first fret
and then three here here
F is really hard I know there's like
easier ways to do it but I just I like
the sound of this one
anyways that's just like kind of the
stuff that I've been learning after a
day of messing around with it and I'm
really enjoying it my fingers
not so much but let me know if you guys
want me to just continue to show you
guys what I'm learning obviously I'm not
going to make it like a huge part of the
vlogs because I'm sure some of you guys
are like Claudia we do not care but if
that's something that you're interested
in seeing more or hearing more let me
know I can continue to show you guys
because I'm probably going to be picking
this thing up at least like for an hour
every day who knows maybe I'll do like a
little singing and playing for you guys
my voice not that good I will say that
right now I'll be the first one to say
it I'm not supposed to be a singer but
it's all in fun I don't know now I'm
just starting to blabble blabble is that
even a word I'm starting to ramble it's
opening to so it is now later in the day
and I've pretty much just been filming
clips for my main channel video and
editing this vlog I literally had like
40 minutes of footage which is insane
because it was way too much so I cut it
down to like 13 how does it go from 40
13 I don't know but yeah I am having
just so much fun editing this and
looking back at it I freaking love
watching vlog videos and just like
reliving all these memories and stuff
because so I spend to see this kind of
stuff um also I feel like I should
quickly mention this because I know this
was something that a lot of people were
confused on last year but basically the
way that I am doing vlogmas and how I've
always done vlogmas is I start blogging
on December 1st and at the end of the
day I edits all the footage and the next
morning I upload that vlog so you guys
will not be seeing this until tomorrow
morning which is the second so I guess
I'm like a day later I know some people
start vlogging the last day of November
and upload December 1st but I feel like
that's not the point of it like why
would you start vlogging in November
when it's supposed to be December vlogs
I don't know personal opinion but that's
kind of the way that I'm doing it I feel
like I had another disclaimer um I have
no idea actually thumbs up if you guys
are excited for the in
true again because just watching that
intro made me so happy because I always
that's the one that I use since year one
so it's very nostalgic to hear it and
see it in stuff I don't know I'm really
excited to be editing with it and in
general I am just really really excited
for this month and I hope you guys are
as well yeah thank you so much for
watching today's vlog and I will see you
guys tomorrow bye
