it's not gonna fall Oh yo this isn't
even a frontage road we got every good I
don't trust this show who's boss
there we go hey guys welcome to today's
vlog so I love you guys you're wondering
Claudia where you going given time on
the strip or no dudes are gone
oh hey guys bring it 25 alone I with
Logan we're hearing you toss ever going
to your sister's wedding Carlene Jackson
big deal I've never been to a wedding
before guys so I have no idea where we
are right welcome to the Logan Claudia
circus you got no no not right now it's
gonna be an interesting interesting
morning well what keep you guys updated
stay tuned so I am currently at Logan's
place below ghen isn't here he's picking
up his tux and he's grabbing us
breakfast real quick and in the mean
time I was getting ready cuz you know
girls take a little bit longer to get
ready but he was saying that it's like a
two-day thing so we have to get ready
today and tomorrow only brought one
dress but you know it's all good
I'll just run same dress and I have no
idea when he's coming here but she just
wanna see what looks like Bam Bam Bam
Bam he has the skateboard that doesn't
have wheels on it I'm trying to do
tricks on it but it's not that easy
let's see okay oh yeah I just got
dressed and I'm eating my breakfast
Logan is like frantically running around
because once he got here we had like 20
minutes to get ready and we are totally
already late
yeah get it mm-hmm now's your moment
we're ready to go from let's do it all
right guys so Logan some reason is
trusting me with this truck you got this
we'll see very confident lady ah she can
do it so foot on brake boom boom you got
this little guy up here too and it does
act as a lift kit so just go like what
is that noise great there's boom now
you're gonna big tires big tires
we encountered a curve we're good at
turn it all the way got it gotcha
cuz you see the way the flux capacitor
work okay Claudia what's that is it the
true fact you've never seen a
mountaineer life I have seen in my life
okay I don't know why but I felt like
when you're coming out I was like yo I'm
gonna show all the mountains I'm gonna
show pine trees and I'm like she's a
human being she's probably seen these
things before I like crossing the stream
oh yeah yeah actually Bangor right if
that makes you feel more comfortable
I mean well if the moment comes I'll do
it you can do what I like to call the
suicide er which is close your eyes when
in doubt throttle up what what right now
wait go for gold go left lane you got
this Taylor laughs they left her that
far left lane good you got it it's not
your baby if you go like that we're
going steady no no I meant like lovely
like stable aflame Taylor played
favorably that was good I'm sorry I
think I just blacked your entire body
we're getting to the window that was
just a camera but I almost thought okay
so we're good but but but beside that
yeah well I was honestly gonna
compliment your driving abilities and
that happens but I love me know myself
what I gotta say there with that know is
a way to react to my calls
there's no hesitation we knew that we
were going left right there can we just
yeah yeah we've got the moon peeking out
speechless incredible subscribe for more
mountains
Arlena jackson you guys gonna get it oh
yes wrong so we're lucky indeed knave I
guess we're being soft but if you ever
take it so can we just look at Logan's
blade
yeah um I think I'll pass this time I
think they have a detention macaroni
salad
good morning everybody so it is day two
with this one and um we this morning has
been like a bit of a fail and we tried
to get breakfast it was too late then
we're like okay well go to this quick
place like it's super cute call me what
our too many people there so this is
what ended up happening we really were
conflicted about getting either a coffee
mixed in with hot chocolate or salted
caramel and then we were like you know
what let's get both and just get the
best of both worlds so that's what we're
doing it's very solid camaraderie what
ends and then here's a really nutritious
and delicious snack
I split um exactly hey you guys you got
to enjoy the finer things you know you
got to live a little bit yo lo yo lo get
it cuz Logan like yo look it's yeah um
not funny it's a - of - go visit we are
on our way to Salt Lake City for the
reception and before then we're gonna
grab like actual breakfast because we
ate a salad of like two meals yesterday
and yeah I feel malnourished very
malnourished hence why you bought the
pink cookie yep I gotta get them and
good I gotta hit an endorphin
more than a year yeah you're about to
bounce off the walls you got coffee and
just like pure sugar so honestly I feel
bad for you for the next hour and 38
minutes because sometimes I get a little
sugar has and I get a little coffee
highs and they mix bad day Claudia is
this really happening right now
so we've made it to our first
destination this is where Carly and
Jackson's exception reception reception
is gonna be 18 guys look at how crazy
this is
so fun fact um luck and I were
researching about this place last night
and apparently it's haunted so we're
gonna try to walk around and you know Oh
find some baby girl we're gonna see if
we go find some ghosts or some hit in
the rooms or something I don't know this
place is super old I'm excited to go in
we haven't even gone in yet let's let's
go in here about to do it this is like a
bungalow style yes I know this is so
pretty the crown mold guys the ceiling
let's do real smile ready 1 2 3 okay and
the koodoo one more nice smiles because
it's sog do that just like love back
okay this hit getting real sensual now
good morning fellow viewers so we are
jab now at this buffet with Brad the
grandma grand America guys check this
out this place is fancy
really nice station so the helm
we're at the crepe station we've been
here for like it's worth it
he'll be worth so six and a half hours
later guys I have filmed one clip today
that is the thing we just went swimming
with a bunch of peeps you can't even
tell you can tell with this I'm
currently wearing like little boy shorts
and my hair soaking wet here's
collection heaven so here we have the
pizza got a pizza right may my favorite
group
yes that's breakfast the carbs as the
cards we have vegetables we got
vegetable car okay yeah vegetable tato
is Catoe so those potatoes in there
no it's just called exactly there's no
this and this is okay no joke you work
with us
alright then we've got our source of
protein which is this little smushed
disgusting uh that's it I didn't really
yeah you chose the worst one friend and
then we've got a fruit salad of of
watermelon but seriously like you guys
look how good those like these are like
these are probably one of my favorite
can we try one right now on camera yes
yes
it's our chance yeah okay oh my god you
set this down so first like we have you
what about our sizes I took the second
is it all over the gap it was a giggle
oh yeah it was marshmallow it's like
kind of nice and moist mellow so moist
of all cuz like touch it mm-hmm
marshmallow really sticky no same I wish
I didn't do that
hey guys so it is Monday morning and it
is we are back and Logan um but we are
leaving to go to Pocatello Pete oh yeah
so what are we first doing right now we
go visit Trixie we're gonna do a little
photo shoot maybe your time hopefully I
started to see the store I seen on video
multiple times cuz I'm the stalker so
I'm excited to see in real life you know
I had this envision of what it's gonna
look like and we'll see if it's like mad
you know like super clean we just got to
the tricks in store check it out guys
they're doing such a great job with it
it looks so good
I wanted to vlog this moment because um
I'm about to sign the wall and
apparently no one has signed these
borders yet but eventually they will be
signed so I think I'm gonna be the first
one and I'm totally gonna go all out and
take the ladder and do it up there this
is gonna be a good time okay
like we're videos no that's what I
wanted to be I want to be like your
guys's log and then like so we'll start
here so this is snapping right now
there it is I was thinking of doing
in fact my business happening right now
I was thinking of doing like a signature
but like no meal to be hit like I want
to be readable be late we're currently
filming a tricks in video and taking
pictures it's cold outside
all right guys so we're gonna play a
little truth or dare
courtesy to live gum all right so truth
or dare
this is known first Oh dare okay
there is no dare on here I would I
wouldn't so hey um dare write something
romantic on this wrapper all right we
got a pen in here somewhere
yo film this is like the first gonna be
the very first successful their ever
accomplished I know
okay was the other one what was the
first day remember it oh it was like
walk around high-fiving was it done no
that was the same one who is go buy a
fortune cookie
he took cookie but don't read the
fortune yeah what kind of dare is that
why ways do that you ready you good yep
oh that's so cute is she Logan that's a
good one my fiance you're a nerve okay
no that was warmer so now we got to see
you come as bad baby is there in the
world in the world what's your most
recent internet search this chiral make
you poop very honest I love it then I
promise you these are just a really
entertaining to reuse it for the next
five minutes conduct yourself as if
you're totally invisible
he's doing it I can't do that how do you
pretend you're this like what you saw
this is Hollywood I guess everybody else
has to act like you're invisible
why would be naked cuz I'm invisible why
not that's a problem I listen to I was
like I'm gonna get naked I just need to
like do things to everyone Oh visible
body bag oh yeah oh man so um that's it
for today's segment of truth or dare
sponsored by fat numb totally kidding
well I actually was no they're not all
very well no they're really good didn't
dude so right now we are finally driving
to Pocatello we're gonna be doing like
some some four-wheeler I don't know why
I'm still showing this in online things
look
zum dick all right so we're going to be
going on some four-wheeler sets their
calls right yes
but I guess the Sun is setting a screen
darker but they've got like headlights
on them and stuff so we're good jacket
and I kid you not guys like I'm like a
little marshmallow
so big but it's gonna get the job done
good I want to drive on this where what
a drive on to that want to drive along
to the traffic do that there's like
three feet okay right there that you
just need it you know like in the movies
and like little tailgate shoot out the
back oh sure as well I always wondered
like going 70 to zero like would you
post it put it in neutral how would you
even go about that
yeah because you have to stop and land
on there right because I'm here for this
is what we're looking at right now just
okay you can't really tell but it's just
like a truck like a flat platform
oh also can we put inside fog okay so I
thought just remember this I would like
to just mention it before anyone else
sees this we are very same outfit oh
yeah
stretch just yeah we're just wearing the
same outfit right now
Gray's mom great great white shirt let's
say moisture so we're aware we're fully
aware of all getting this is giant
trailer behind us doing the same thing
we are do it like we can't see it yeah
like put it back hopefully this right
here it looks like a shop horror movie
like on my camera because the moon is
glowing and I can see is just like
what's in Fernie oh we might or may not
see sasquatch tonight it's just an
Ingmar sasquatch aka large foot or big
foot
with the bank yeah maybe we've seen
Sasquatch before um let's just say I
might or might not have I'm not fully
allowed to discuss that oh really
like you always forget to watch video
this is Julia but I'm sorry sec hey
Oscar I'm cutting off my own vlog I'm
sorry talk to the people I'll be over
here
we went four-wheeling I got like a quick
shot of it it was so fun that I have a
good time it was so much fun okay it was
a little cold yeah it was cold but I
think it added to the whole yeah the
whole experience it was a lot bumpier
than i thought it would be which was
awesome because i don't know I
envisioned kind of just like a smoother
path through a forest or something where
we'd be speeding down but like there
were ditches in there they were man-made
ramps in there there were tank traps and
you know what tank drubbs or whatever
that is now we're heading to Lava
springs which is basically he's like can
you expand so it works if you guys know
what a natural heating vent in the
there's like the mantle on the court and
it feeds the ground and there's like a
water monitor down there that pumps up
through Steam and through hot pressure
and comes out of the ground and they
have taken this hot water and have
bundled it into like this commercial
eyes of a pool area check the sky
this is so dangerous
he's actually filming like legit shots
I'm just like some of my face dries fast
forward one day later and I'm now back
in my bedroom sadly but I realized that
I did not film a proper outro for you
guys so thank you so much for everyone
who watched today's video and also this
weekend was so awesome Carly and Jackson
make such a beautiful couple and their
wedding was setting so I'm really happy
if it's be a part of it and thank you to
Logan I know you're watching this right
now so thanks for dealing with me I'll
be good alright I'll see you guys for
new video very soon and I love you guys
bye
