okay well hey guys so what day is it
Thursday yes it is Thursday morning I
just finished getting ready I'm about to
leave to go to my audition and I'm
freaking nervous but I'm so excited I'm
ready
one of the scenes that I have to do I
have like a three paragraph crazy bitch
monologue I'm so excited to kill it
I can't stop smiling okay so I just got
out of the audition and I feel so
freaking good
about it so basically once we got there
they made us choose one of the scenes to
audition with and part of me was like
okay the first one like it's more of a
conversation it's chiller definitely
like the safer route but the second one
which I was telling you guys about is
like the the crazy monologue that's
super long and I think right away my gut
was like Claudia you know you need to do
the monologue just go do it you're gonna
do great and so I did the monologue and
there was only like one person in there
and we just like did it right away and
afterwards he was like whoa you just got
so into that and I was like yeah like I
know I was really nervous about doing
the longer one because I did realize you
guys would make us pick he was like no
like I got I'm glad you did that
and so I just feel a little so good
about it usually for the most part they
have a very specific like type of girl
or type of look that they're looking for
so my goal for today was not to like get
the part but it was just to show them my
talent and what I can do it's just good
to you know start showing your face and
getting people to recognize you and
remember you sorry I'm getting text
right now I'm just all over the place
right now but I just I feel so happy so
I wanted to capture this because who
knows what I'm gonna be doing like years
from now and I'll be able to look back
at this and be like one remember that
one time you had like your first like
really real real audition
now I'm gonna bless Connie by the
chainsmokers because fun fact that is my
go-to song to play after any shoot or
before anything that I'm nervous for
because it just makes me feel really
happy and pumped up and yes so I'm gonna
go talk about it with my manager and we
said it all right
you guys didn't see this angle of the
moment that was just captured but
literally when I said that I went yes
and now my leg is yeah let's put it back
here okay
I wasn't kidding the car literally to my
left just gave me the funniest look ever
like literally she's probably still
watching me right now but she just saw
me dance to the camera in my hand and
now she's watching me talk to a camera
in my hand oh my god all right she's
gone now but that was so funny
I just got home
Idaho miss trap now we're here so I know
usually the point of vlogs is to show
your day what you're doing where you're
going who you're with whatever it may be
but I'm really into this whole idea of
like hey I have something on my mind and
let's sit here and talk about it I got
really great feedback on the vlog that I
did where Lexi and I we're sitting in
the car talking about different things
and I want to do more of that kind of
stuff with you guys because I feel like
it's definitely kind of trickier to have
this type of you know one-on-one let's
talk about whatever you know with how my
channel is and things like that and so I
want to do this more often in vlogs
because it seems like you guys really
enjoy it and it just makes for such
greater conversations in the comments
but I was having a thought in a car and
like this isn't like a revolutionary
thing that I like just thought of but I
was just really strongly feeling it in
the car and I was like you know what I'm
gonna wait until I'm home and film it in
my room rather than like freaking
getting into a car crash on the highway
so um I want to quickly talk about
happiness because I've noticed lately
that a lot of you guys have been
commenting and tweeting saying that
watching my vlogs makes you really happy
and you guys mention how my happiness
starts to become contagious to you when
you're watching my videos and that the
happiness kind of sends through and I
love getting those tweets in those
comments because that is seriously one
of the greatest compliments ever I've
always believed that happiness is super
contagious anytime you see anyone smile
usually you end up smiling back for some
odd reason that happiness comes into you
I believe in the whole universe thing
and how everyone has a different energy
and a different vibe and obviously it
totally depends on the day in the mood
and stuff like that for those of you who
maybe have troubles seeking happiness or
finding it or realizing it I want to
give you a quick tip because I do this
all the time and it seriously makes me
so happy out of the most randomest
things ever and it's not like you need
to hear a great news or see anything
awesome to be happy you can literally
choose to be happy and
second during the day so that's kind of
like the first thing is happiness
literally comes from within you can
choose to be happy every single day if
you want to and I know there's people
out there that struggle with depression
and stuff so that's I understand is a
different case I've never dealt with
that so I can't relate to it and so I
don't want to you know have that go
unnoticed I don't know I just don't
really know a lot of that field I'm just
kind of speaking for the general and I
really do feel like this could apply to
everyone small or large
but just in general having control over
how you react to certain things can also
make you a lot happier overall so for
example like if you're out in public and
you're even just like grabbing a ticket
from a valet guy or something talking to
him in a more happier and positive
attitude will literally release happy
energy out of you and go to him and then
that happy energy is gonna go somewhere
else that didn't really make any sense
what I'm trying to say is whatever you
put out into the universe will come back
to you I'm a firm believer in that in
the whole law of attraction
manifestation all that stuff I live for
it I believe it so much to a certain
extent
sometimes I see documentaries and
they're just like a little bit too crazy
and you're like I don't know about that
but I do really really strongly believe
in kind of live my life by it you want
to attract good things into your life
before you can have that you need to put
out that so whether you're talking to
your friends you're on a phone call
you're talking to a stranger just
genuinely responding to all of those
interactions with a happy mindset and a
good attitude will literally pass on
that good energy and through the cycle
of chains of communications and
everything there's so many people on
this earth eventually it's gonna come
back to you and you oh my god all right
guys so Wow the quality well um well
basically my camera battery just died
but I want to continue this real quick
so we're using the the good old Canon
camera
yeah this is officially a collab now
okay so I'm kind of forcing you into
this but we're talking about happiness
okay and in general just talking about
how what you can do to kind of generally
be more happier person and I was saying
how like when you're just out getting a
dream from Starbucks or whatever so
Jessa I called metod on her on her skin
because her skin was flawless
I was like oh my god I love your skin
like what he is and she was telling me
about some lush product that she is and
she I feel like she was happy but yeah
BAM you spread that happiness and she
most likely will spread that happiness
to annoy different customer or another
ko Woori stop whatever co-worker that
kind of trails off to anytime you have
good thoughts about someone share it
yeah there is no reason to keep that in
if it's that pure and genuine and happy
look if you see someone that's really
pretty just like you by the way we do
that all the for legacy zones hair and
it's really cool I was like kale I love
yours yeah they like appreciate it they
do or like it doesn't have to be about
my physical looks either like just in
general randomly telling your friends
like by the way you're so funny like you
would really one of the funniest
humanitarian for that you're giving your
friends like if you have something nice
about them anything genuinely think it
like why not sure you have to like
remind your friends how much you like
them I feel like the more you build up
the people around you and you know help
them like become confident makes you
become a more confident person because I
know like people always say that like
the things that you hate about others or
that upsets you about others is usually
what you hate about yourself yeah if you
make those changes and stuff and you
just like oh babe this is yummy good
talk okay well you just got home so
we're gonna hang out now but that's it
for today's thing I'm almost finished
editing yesterday's vlog but I quickly
want to show you guys reason 847 point
two of why I have the cutest roommates
in the entire world a TV that's reason
436 point
92.5 guys look at this
we're having a dinner nights and today's
chef
is Lexi Lombard so basically Lexi has
been cooking in the kitchen all day
because she's filming a video for her
channel where she tries out different
vegan Thanksgiving treats and like meals
and stuff so let's check out the warming
drawer see what we have ready to go girl
oh man oh man can you tell us what's
going on here we got sweet potatoes I
see that most I thought they were gonna
be bigger yeah with their pretty tiny
that's okay we'll just have a little bit
of that yeah the amount of Turk they're
like fake turkey meatloaf beans the
ratio Oh Oh successful crunchy are those
like onions on top
yeah the fried earnings that you can get
at Trader Joe's Wow and Cheers
mmm and this is homemade gravy right hmm
like like mushroom gravy how are you
gonna make the cranberry sauce I'm
boiling cranberries and I added in some
where is it orange peach mango juice let
me know sweetener to it do you have to
mash these or blend it they're gonna
boil in the get softer and then oh
really then it will become sauce
questions forgot the question
remember the question Oh what are we
putting this on or yeah cranberry sauce
yes like a side oh you eat it by itself
yeah you can grow the crescent rolls oh
I love it right now oh we got something
in the oven too Oh
oh my god I'm so excited it's be ready
okay I'm starving until then I shall
finish my vlog I just ran down the
stairs ah so much excitement in the room
guys
it smells so good in this house so here
we have the setup we've got the music
playing it's a good day life is like a
crazy graph this is incredible
her timing of getting everything ready
to go impeccable oh my god I'm excited
I've never had like cranberry sauce not
something like my family used to do
exactly but I think it's gonna be good
Oh guys these are literally sweet
potatoes stuffed with marshmallows Oh
what okay there it is
hello mm-hmm yep yeah I want to slice
yup yeah so it is now 2:30 a.m. I'm so
tired but I just woke up from a quick a
nap and I also finished packing and
that's is where I'm ending off today's
video I hope you guys enjoy it and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
