hey guys welcome to today's vlog right
now I'm actually waiting for Harrison
Webb to come over because we're filming
a collab I have no idea what we're
filming but he said he has a fun game
for us to play so I'm a little scared
but a little excited we'll see this
morning I actually tried something for
the first time it's called an infrared
sauna I don't know what the difference
is between that and like a regular sauna
but I think they were saying that it
heats you from the inside and it helps
like detox your body or something I
don't know but I went to this place in
LA it's called health LA and I'm not
like being paid to say this or anything
but they let me try out their sauna and
I was in there for like 30 minutes and
it was a really good time I sweat a
bunch and I felt really good coming out
of it so that was really exciting yeah I
pretty much just finished cleaning my
room because we're gonna film in here
also I got these three new pillows I
don't know if this is the arrangement
that I like but these two are very
Christmassy and I am happy about it
alright guys Harrison is here
so basically Harrison has been talking
about this incredible hammock that he
has you can yeah you can go over there
go ahead he's got some revolutionary
hammock that you can attach to trees and
such and but where are we gonna attach
it to cool no no way
what oh my god okay well he's doing that
I'll help him in this okay but I want to
show you guys what he has planned for us
have you guys ever seen this before
because I did not know this is a thing
it's a game called Pie Face I'm gonna
turn this way better lighting basically
if you're the unlucky one you get
whipped cream to the face I did not know
that I was setting myself up for this so
I can't believe it's in this teeny
little bag like this is really a
portable oh wow
well update you guys once it's done guys
I don't trust this you can you can test
it out first
Oh what if these are are you sure these
are strong enough yes this is actually
pretty cool alright I want to try this I
think I'm in like a little pea pod like
I'm like a in a cocoon about like you
can see ya lying on the cool yeah it's
all orange sure you want to try it out
try to roll like a hot dog I can't do it
my butt definitely does it the round
okay turn I think it's easier the other
way try the other way
well no it doesn't hit your face because
your face is what it won't hit it unless
there's like a little oh there is like a
little bass if you have a pie there yeah
whipped cream guys so we just finished
filming limonium Hey
video in well no no you want I'm we're
not gonna we're not gonna spoil anything
but I won't let you guys know once this
video is up and I'll link it down below
it was so funny clearly as you can see
yeah but I gotta make it as you can see
on me on you every single time it was so
I'm excited to anybody on my channel as
well all you get to see you know so I'm
Harrison you can go I'm just gonna chill
on this I do have my hammock know yeah
bye thanks for the cameras oh yeah oh I
will enjoy the free concert you know I
will okay maybe here okay so what was
the last clip that I found I think it
was when did I shut the door on Harrison
since then I've basically just been
editing and working on stuff at home but
but now I'm heading over to some
restaurant that I've never been to I I
wish I had the name but I don't know but
I'm driving over to have a meeting with
stylehaul which is the network that I'm
currently signed with we're just gonna
be talking about things in the upcoming
future and my future in general and
stuff like that so it's a pretty
exciting meeting
but yeah I gotta go because I have like
a one hour drive ahead of me the traffic
is insane right now so this is gonna be
fine I just got back from the dinner
meeting thing I didn't want a blog when
I was there because it was just a bunch
of adults and not the time and place for
that but it went really well
um I first some reason really really
love just socializing with older people
I don't know it's so much fun having
like a business but friendly
relationship with really cool and funny
older people I just I don't know I think
the conversations are awesome and so
dinner went really well
and but now I'm hitting home meet Alexa
my robot Alexa play Bryson tiller on
Pandora
please Lindsay do you see what you have
created
Alexa volume up please guys can we
quickly just talk about the vibes in
this room right now Alexa play looks
it's it's so hot thank you guys the next
time I walk into Joy's room I'm just and
I'm gonna talk to him the sock to the
left I'm just gonna talk to Alexa hey
Alexa how are you today I like that she
doesn't want to be my father ask you a
question be nice what's the square root
of four thousand three hundred and
twenty six point five the square root of
four thousand three hundred twenty six
point five and sixty five point seven
eight you a smart beat in case I know
you guys are curious oh when you're
coming in very maybe I just put the
press harder no just doesn't like you oh
there we go
what magic
