hi guys so it is Tuesday morning and I
just finished getting ready clearly in
the car yeah um I'm heading over to
brunch with my friend Lulu and so I'll
try to block when I'm with her but I
don't really have too many things
planned for today so we'll kind of see
where today takes us but yeah I am now a
toast with me
guys neatly loom hi I'm Lulu she is one
of the greatest human beings that I know
I'm not even kidding
not likely generous if they say so we
actually met through filming tag so
they're part of the crafts is what I am
part of the cast oh yeah we've just been
catching up on different things and
stuff because this is like the first
time we really I'm excited
how was your meal I already finished oh
good oh my gosh I love potatoes so good
so these Patara little bomb and then I
got just a ton of avocado avocado is
great also can we check out this bread
bread appreciation moment right here
it's like swirly brown and white at the
same time the sound that is the greatest
line in this song this song is such a
big fu and I love it it's so funny what
is this called I think it's love
yourself yes movies on a punch right now
to find a certain movie she's dedicated
so we're at this music store I want to
show you guys
it's so cool we're like on the upstairs
section while the movies are but check
this out there was just posters
everywhere and records and CDs and then
there's movies up here
with a man that totally just judged me
yeah we're looking at the movies right
now and it's crazy how many movies there
are that you just haven't seen like I
probably haven't seen a very very large
amount of you found it I found one of
them unless there was another one I was
looking for called beyond the
professional wait this day I don't know
does that look like she I wait I was
thinking that other movie do you know
what I'm talking about
where like she loses her memories all I
saw that with my dad cried yeah that was
that perfect
wonderful
fast sword a few hours later I actually
don't think I finished the movie um I'm
gonna finish it right now it's really
really good so far I've pretty much just
been doing kind of at home work so I
just finished with a bunch of emails I
have laundry getting done right now and
right now I'm about to take this super
glue and super glue like the edges of
this painting I think I show this to you
guys in a vlog but this is the final
product I finally finished it and I
think it looks so cool but I found this
canvas randomly in our basement so it's
not like the best quality the edges are
definitely kind of unpeeling and stuff
so I want to grab some superglue and
kind of fix that up and then I have to
wrap this with the giant roll of what is
called Ben bubble wrap because I'm
actually bringing this on a plane with
me because this painting was made for
someone not for me so yeah I'm gonna do
that and finish the movie
I just have it playing and I'm sitting
on my floor right now just open the
first part of it okay
it's white on my white so you listen I
got it in white so that it would match
your room just put it somewhere oh my
god yes I think we should name him after
the person who did that birthday video
conga line true wait is it Alyssa oh
yeah yeah but like but like punk rock
line drew yeah
he doesn't get it easy such a good
thumbnail hippos all I want is a little
pose incredible can you go back and redo
all of bags go back in the kitchen go
back in the kitchen say your life Wow
there's some caramel in I already have
okay is it regular yeah I think I want
regular no Lindsey can you please
introduce Alexa to my viewers I might
Wi-Fi I'm not sure doc okay this is the
greatest thing ever ever purchase we're
friends now you that smacks kernels
meeting the no oh look that he's long to
get okay play me something relaxing
relaxed playlist from prong classical
dream time
so it is about Midnight's how Lindsey
and Megan are still over there all
downstairs but I'm so tired I just want
to go to bed so I just finished brushing
my teeth and stuff and I'm just gonna
import the footage from today and start
editing it a little bit but I hope you
guys have been enjoying the vault I'm
really happy that I am getting back into
it right now and it's just getting me
really excited for vlogmas so great
awesome
lovely I will see you guys tomorrow and
I'm gonna go pass out bye
