right take the shoes off stand up we saw
her
no that's such a lie you guys look at
how good this acai bowl looks this place
is called welltopia and Hollywood and
they give you like a honeycomb on top
and edible flowers and Wow
yep oh my gosh let me pause the music
what an exciting day I'm just now
filming like my first talking clip at
what 3 23 27 basically this morning I
just had a bunch of editing I needed to
finish those two videos and they're now
up vlogmas in the main channel video I'm
kind of just blasting music and going
through I have to add in like different
links and stuff in the description boxes
but once I'm done with that then I'm
gonna get back to packing I've been
doing that also this morning I'm gonna
have to leave for the airport probably
around like 11:00 p.m. or something so
I'm just gonna obviously stay up through
all of that and yeah we'll see what kind
of content we get today blasting some
Bieber really feeling this fit right now
I'm wearing some new aloe yoga leggings
that I got yesterday and then to go with
it I got this little beige top and yeah
I'm probably gonna wear this to the
airport with my uggs and a giant coat so
that I can also use it as a blanket
let's get to packing let's do it
I'm a happy girl a very very happy girl
because it is 8 p.m. and there is only 5
cases left I'm about to freaking sell
out what holy crap ok the smaller one
this size is already sold out and
there's 5 left of the plus what and
these are like not cheap cases guys like
these are like really solid high-quality
awesome cases and the fact that like I
just wow you guys exceeded all my
expectations I cannot believe that like
I'm literally selling up the day that
they come out wow that is so cool
because I've never slapped my name on
anything and the fact that you guys are
buying them and loving them it makes me
so happy also I've been talking with
Dave Carlson over at wildflower and he
said that they're gonna add more into
their next production so these cases
will be coming back out I think late
January now and also there will be
iPhone 10 cases as well because we just
started off with the regular plus so for
the next batch there's also gonna be I
phone tens for those of you guys who
have them also I'm really glad that I
can celebrate this victory with my new
friend over here hanging out hey
front and center taking all the
attention speaking of skin actually that
was a great segue I want to show you
guys what I do basically every single
time I travel now I have figured out a
foolproof way to enjoy like a red-eye
flight or any plane that you plan on
sleeping on or like a long flights
number one I always bring a jacket or
sweater with me to use as a blanket this
is like a black puffy jacket and I'll
just lay it over me like a blanket I'll
even put like my arms through the holes
that's step one step two you need a neck
pillow especially if you're not sleeping
in a window seat this will change your
life this is the kind that you can just
get it like the Hudson newsstands or
like any of the gift shops it's just
like a nice tempur-pedic neck pillow
next up in I mask I used to not do this
I don't know why I don't know if I was
embarrassed to wear an eye mask or
something now I literally could not care
but this is a really nice black silk eye
mask it's by the brand slip purely silk
sleep mask these are great because
they're not like
on your skin like prevents wrinkles or
something so anyways I put that in a
ziploc bag because I'm just a germaphobe
so I like to keep that clean but the
biggest step is so important when you're
flying on airplanes that air is so so
dry it sucks out all of the moisture
from all of your pores your entire body
especially your face and your lips so
you want to make sure that you're
hydrated for starters drink a ton of
water before you're traveling to like
prep your body obviously always have
water on the plane also the day of what
I'm traveling I always like to put
lotion all over my body to kind of like
get it all coated so I already put on a
bunch of lotion today and then also when
I'm traveling I just got a text there's
two left oh my gosh this product right
here is everything everything when
you're traveling especially if you're
traveling abroad and you're spending
like 12 hours on that flight this is the
black tea firming overnight mask from
fresh and so basically it's a mask that
you're supposed to sleep and glam glow
also has a really great one so you can
really get any overnight masks for many
brands but I just bring a little compact
mirror with me and then also I have a
little oh this is from glam glow but
it's like a little brush to apply to my
face because I don't want to be like
touching the airplane and then touching
my face that's not happening so yeah
this is just like the travel size of the
little jar I just slapped this onto my
face by the time you land the face mask
will have entirely sucked into your skin
like that's how dry the air is up there
and so then also for lips I love the
agave bite
lip mask this is like the stick version
but it also comes in like a little
squeezy tube also if you're using lotion
instead of like a thick mask having just
any sort of like hydrating mist I always
put this on me as well just to like miss
my face I just put that all into a
little pouch and traveling has never
been more luxurious oh my god first to
congratulate you
I just spent some time throwing out the
trash watering my plants stuff like that
here are the bags that I packed with me
this suitcase is everything it's from
Cal pack if you guys can tell it's like
a reptile skin and it looks like a trunk
so good and then I have this little
eagle creek travel one and then also for
my carry-on I'm obsessed with this
Lululemon yoga bag it has so many
different like little pockets and
compartments on the inside and stuff and
I just like freakin love it to have
underneath the seat with me it just
really helps with organizing and those
are all the things
in the event of an evacuation at state
Lord is back in town
oh the Christmas joy Chicago Chicago
sing it um so pop me that Claudia here
so Oh what is that my new funky that's
right you gotta put for those of you who
have seen that previous vlog missus and
just vlogs at home you would maybe
notice that like what the trees in a
different spot usually it's over there
by the window but this year our tree is
here because it's a little too tall for
our ceiling and usually it's in like a
higher pot too so now it's over the
ground and I'm obsessed oh my God my mom
did such a good job at lighting this
tree look at how cool it is it looks
like it belongs in like dr. Seuss or
something let's get to the real point of
why I pulled out the camera Tata
I heard some news that really upset me I
was told that you recently expressed
concern in thinking that I'm not taller
than mom and I am and I want you to see
right now right take the shoes off stand
up who saw her no that's such a lie of
so much saga mom okay are you right
shoes no guys Costel are in the same
tight know maybe what that means
wait I can see it when I look into your
eyes by that much hey listen I'll take
it I'll take it
I hope you guys don't mind that I'm
adding yesterday and today into one
video because I feel like I just didn't
get enough footage yesterday right now
it is 10:00 a.m. Chicago time so it's
been about like two hours of me being
home I just finished cutting together a
main Channel video definitely went
through a bunch of your comments on my
favorites video
funny because like all the comments are
about the editing and everyone's like
why are you talking about that inning
and it's because I like asked about it
in vlogmas but like clearly those people
are cool enough and they're not watching
vlogmas but anyways I totally get what
you guys are saying about how it feels
like too shaky or too much movement if I
kind of do like the same set up for the
next round of videos because at this
point like I totally understand what you
guys are saying about like I think the
videos that you make on your own just
feel more casual we like when it's not
fancy and so I'm totally taking that
note but like the whole point of me
getting a videographer and editor is
because I don't have the time to be
editing those videos and also like
having someone come over and help you
film just kind of like gets you to film
a bunch in one day and just knock it all
out and get it done and so that's kind
of like the main reason why I wanted one
and then also knowing like oh it's gonna
look a little nicer I'm definitely going
to have like less cut ins of the
different angles the second one was a
little shaky err for like the close-ups
on the product so I'll make sure that
like products are more still there's
less cutting in between those two in
general I still think it like gives a
nice vibe for a lot of the moments and
then also let's see yeah there's a few
things but I just want to warn you guys
that for my haul and also this other
video they're gonna be similar to what
you guys just saw so like it's not me
just not taking in your input it's the
fact that those videos are already made
and I don't have access to like the raw
footage anyways enough talk about that
you guys get it so I just went back and
I started cutting the haul a little bit
and taking out some pieces that you know
were shaky or whatever just like to
clean it up as much as I could without
it like ruining the video so I just did
that and I realized that I am so friggin
tired I'm running on floors asleep it's
gonna try to get through this day so
that I wasn't like up until 2:00 a.m.
because of like the time change and
stuff but I'm honestly so tired I just
spent some time at putting up my clothes
that I packed in the closet very large
color range for sure I've never looked
at her I'm all bundled up I'm gonna go
to Whole Foods right now because there's
not a lot of healthy food in this house
there's just like a lot of crackers and
dried fruits
my family's weirdly obsessed with dry
fruit it's very strange
so I'm gonna pick up some
snacks some stuff to make some meals do
I plug you in oh no I don't okay also I
need to pick up some almond milk because
we don't have any almond milk it's a
monstrosity I tell you
let's do a little grocery haul these are
the things that I got I'm gonna start
off with these two these are like my
little guilty pleasure things honestly I
don't know why I was craving this in the
store hahahahahahaha oh my god and all
that cheese god no I love Ziva and so
every once in a while I'll get a can of
it so I got Cola and then also I've been
wanting to try this halo top flavor for
such a long time because I think Chris
Clemens one time like tweeted about it
or something very excited rainbow swirl
I'm gonna put that in freezer right now
I also got two avocados blueberries
strawberries these are the best eggs
ever they literally have an Instagram so
you can see where you're getting your
eggs from but they are pasture-raised so
they're not in cages they're not in tiny
little crates and everything and yeah
these actually taste really good too
I got two juices from Suja Suja lemon
love it's like a cleanse one and then
they're super greens I also got this
little hummus platter to snack on to
like salad meals I'm gonna have one for
dinner right now some water never tried
these before but they're like English
muffins I wanted to try them for
breakfast and then I just got some
coconut cream and almond milks like
creamer and some almond milk I've been
waiting for this moment for so long oh
my god do you remember those Flintstones
like push pop ice creams yeah you need
go in the middle go in the middle and
get all the colors like this mm-hmm
you're gonna freak out holy crap is it
so good so good so delish and healthy
that's 170 what was what that one you
know
alright so cool I sat down the couch
eating some ice cream is gonna start a
new black me repa sewed but this woman
came here and you're talking my ear off
because I've missed you so much
I miss talking to you I know what what
did you say and I'm like I've been
talking about it like for ten minutes
and you are like and when I'm watching a
show or a movie I don't want to be
talking you know what I mean I'm trying
to focus black mirror is really intense
I hate watching movies by myself I
always have to because oh yeah because
all you do is talk she doesn't actually
watch the movies watch this watch this
do you remember you always have bruises
because yeah my mom would actually like
yeah you would literally give me breezes
anyways
can I please watch this now yes I'm
gonna be quiet is a mouse such a lie
well after some long decision-making my
mom and I finally it chose a movie to
watch are you happy with our choice
we're not alone this evening that's
right we have a third party here we have
the movie fun fun who's that my mom
brought up my full-size cardboard cutout
of Jack Sparrow so that he could watch
the parts of the Caribbean with us oh my
god this is the greatest thing in the
entire world
