hello it was like the weirdest hello
ever good morning guys it is Monday
morning and right now I'm driving over
to an audition and then I've got a
little bit of time in between then
before Aiden comes over because we are
going to the Hunger Games premiere
tonight and I'm so excited because I
love those movies so much and I can't
believe it's are they the last one like
another era is over it's crazy like I'm
never going to Harry Potter movies or
going to Pirates of the Caribbean in
theaters and it's just crazy how all
these you know series are ending it's
like what's next so I just got out of
the audition and it is so funny how like
nervous I'll get for this type of stuff
well like actually going in so I wasn't
nervous at all but then once you're
sitting in there and you're like running
the lines it's so different than you
reading at home with your roommates or
just by yourself I still think it went
really well so you know hope for the
best but ya know we'll see
I don't know now Mady go
so I went home for a bit and now I'm
heading to target to pick up a birthday
bag why is the word not coming to me
right now
a birthday bag a birthday present bag
and some tissue paper and a few other
things it's actually funny because this
is going to be the first time or second
time that I've gone to Target since
moving into the house which is crazy
because we moved back in July and I was
obsessed with Target when I first moved
here because we had the best target
super close to us but the ones here are
just not as good they never have as much
I feel like everything's out of stock
it's always like a little messier but
I'm not sure if I've gone to the one
that I'm going to right now so I have
high hopes I'm not judging yet guys I
was right this target sucks basically
they didn't have the tree that I wanted
to get for my room
when it said there were three in stock
which kind of sucks I don't know I might
have to go to like a differ one to find
it but it's a really cute like white
twig tree with like twinkled lights at
the tips it looks very different looks
more like a winter branch and I wanted
to put in my room but it's all good
whatever so these are the things that
I'm getting I have to get some bubble
wrap and this looks like a very
excessive amount but that is all they
had and then this is the bag that I'm
using for Alex's present we've got my
high school colors for the tissue paper
so you know really keeping it personal
here and I'm also getting some super
glue for something else
I've got a few hours to kill before my
next thing so I feel like I'm just gonna
walk around and like shocked cuz like
who doesn't do that at Target
because I'm struggling the paddle this
it's so hot so here we have my lunch I
made some cranberry iced tea and then
this is just spaghetti squash with
marinara sauce on top this sauce is a
little plain so I'm adding some garlic
powder some basil actually I'm obsessed
with this stuff so I'm gonna put a lot
on there yeah and then this like fake
Parmesan cheese this might look weird
but it tastes so good guys I've been the
worst fogger tonight so I'm with Aiden
now and we are chilling in my room and
then we just got some sushi gosh I don't
know but it's close to the Staples
Center if we are now at the premier
going on right now there's where the
carpet is I'm certainly not walking it I
think only the cap
I'm not really sure yeah I need to block
off my camera because my hurtful I mean
my phone yeah my camera got confiscated
from me because they thought I'd be
filming the movies this kid tried
everything I literally I talked in a
British accent
and like told him that we'd special
clearance and he didn't buy it
okay I thought earlier I called earlier
with special clearance asking that we
comment and he was like nope and I was
like all right well it will be theirs
look at how many people yeah he lost me
also also when we first walked in
Aiden's one of Aiden's tickets just like
blew in the wind so that caused an
entire scene on its own as well so
afterwards they're like oh did you get
your ticket did the wind take it away
and we're like no I believe my exact
words were I have a good firm grasp on
it now thank you so a lot has happened
leading up this moment but we're here
you and that's all that matters
we're about to do this coffee shop
off-site and josh hutcherson was like
sitting no way
we couldn't find parking so that's that
what
he's very short no but I definitely guys
my friends are so cute yes oh yeah yeah
that looks so cool it really does look
cool so basically Lexi was french
braiding Drew's hair I just got home
from the movie premiere I don't want to
spill anything because I probably not
allowed to do that but it was really
freaking good I'm not sure if it was my
favorite out of all of them but there
were definitely a lot of like funny
moments but also sad moments so it
definitely kind of pulled at your
heartstrings and stuff so overall it was
amazing there's so many moments where
you just get like shivers because you're
just like oh my god how's your day been
long I'm sick so I spend most of my day
in Burbank
I seek seek we're just one off your Bay
in Burbank and I didn't know this what
are you doing in Burbank I had a meeting
with Megan Oh
oh my gosh how's the office it's my
second tips right but I mean you could
tell the viewers really nice she works
at the top floor so it's the penthouse
it's a dome like you walk around it and
all of the walls are windows and Wow
right I think I'm seeing it on brightest
day I'm very excited and more money that
day your memories we're ready ready
stage good stop
honestly do I think we made it up one
time like throughout the apartment when
the two of us like we're together like
over and over and over you're out of
nowhere just try it's like it's so fun
unbelievably entertaining for how simple
it is yeah guys I think like you know so
if I was ever actually not I'm getting a
zoom up of this real quick
Oh
