hello guys welcome to a new vlog I
decided I'm going to be vlogging my week
I'm not sure if it's just gonna be one
entire video or if I'm going to split it
off by the days really depends on how
much footage I end up getting but I just
filmed the stripped-down challenge which
is basically where you're supposed to
talk for 10 minutes straight without any
editing or music or cuts or anything
like that
and I just watch the footage ended up
talking for 20 minutes instead of 10 so
hopefully you guys don't want to kill me
for that also I realize that that
throughout this video I said the phrase
you know like probably a hundred times
and it just started making me think
about different things like I'm
genuinely like a little worried that
like a lot of the comments are gonna be
about the fact that I said you know a
lot and that sucks so much because I
talk about things that I really you know
passion there I said it you know like I
talked about a lot of stuff that I was
passionate about and I wanted to share
my opinions on and it sucks to know that
one little aspect of it might end up
taking control of all the comments and
that kind of goes into why youtubers
sometimes feel so pressured to make sure
that their background is you know
perfect in the back I just said it again
IRA I'm gonna point it out every single
time now but yeah it like puts the
pressure on youtubers to act like
they're perfect or whatever that their
life is perfect and stuff like that when
no I can't perfectly speak in front of a
camera I'm gonna say things like um and
like and you know and stuff like that so
hopefully a lot of people don't comment
about that but we we shall see hopefully
I'll just be able to a little reply to a
comment and be like yes I realize this
and I really regret saying you know so
many times but that's just a phrase that
is in my vocabulary at this exact point
in my life so it's kind of hard to not
say it I don't think about it I feel
like I just went on like the weirdest
longest tangent ever I'm not gonna edit
any of that out whatever I'm about to
export this video I guess it's gonna be
my Friday video
not sure I have a lot of exciting things
happening this week so I'm really
excited to be filming what has my day
consisted of I woke up I some good old
Trader Joe's cereal I've been like
really obsessed with cereal lately and I
completely blame Lexi for it I don't
know where on this cereal cake right now
I'm live did that watch some YouTube
videos got ready film this video now I
think I'll be heading to a Third Street
Promenade with Lexi because I need to
pick up some warm clothes for a trip
that is coming up in like five days six
days five days let's see today's the
15th
I'm leaving on the 20th I'm not gonna
I'm not gonna share about yet because
like none of you guys would ever expect
it but um it's gonna be so freaking fun
I'm so excited I'm gonna see if I can
block it but who knows I don't know but
I have to get warmer clothes purchased
some ugh but this is the one this is not
good all then there we go purchased some
good ol dog boots these actually feel
really nice they have more of like a
like a leathery kind of feel to them
like they're not as fuzzy but they're
black and I'm really into them but I'm
also really excited to destroy them
because basically I just needed a shoe
that I could wear in snow and stuff like
that so I'm about to go bombard Lexi
Lexi bombard ah to see if she's ready to
go but I changed my shirt and I want to
show it to you guys cuz it's so funny
Teddy's named me I'm vlogging my week
would you get these oh my god these are
the ones with the freaking sharpener in
the back yo if you had these in first
grade you were the cool one at your
table 100% oh my god you knows my
favorite card I'm gonna get oh I just
pulled it out
okay what's your favorite color I'll
show that mine mine is periwinkle so
very so Winkle whatever I should have
done that so I like this one that one's
really pretty too yeah oh yeah robin's
egg blue
I remember that color see Green pretty
we naturally I like red too
well I was just gonna go against that
thing we naturally just like colored
opiate color tones well yeah the part I
was thinking red because I was like you
know I haven't given the warm tones any
credit blue violet mhm mhm okay I think
we're getting me in the kills this one's
nice oh yeah nice purpley plum mmm Kranz
let's go Lexie and I had a really good
talk in the car on the way here so I
quickly just want to sum it up for you
guys because I feel like it's I don't
know it's easier don't go home vlogs
usually that we just talked about in
real life are outside the camera and I
don't know they're things that like you
could benefit from exactly um so the
first thing we kind of started a
conversation by I was getting in the car
and just thinking about the clip that we
filmed in Lexi's dream about the crayons
I like started to realize that I
remembered how like good I feel when I'm
vlogging as far as my mood I feel like a
better person
and I feel like I want to be more
productive and all this stuff and in
general just I was just kind of thinking
about the things that make me feel like
a greater person and right now one of
them is caffeine which sucks I'm not a
like I hate that that's one of them but
like I know when I drink to your coffee
I'm always in a better mood and I feel
more like myself but I also realized
that vlogging does that to me too if I
was calling down Lexie to go shopping
and without vlogging I would have looked
at those Kranz have been like oh I used
to love those whatever oh my gosh but I
probably would have just thought about
in my head but because I was vlogging I
voiced it and then we are talking about
like your favorite colors and having
grown up just love whole little like
little moments exactly and so we just
like we started going off about you know
being on YouTube and all this stuff and
we started talking about
our challenge videos the stripped-down
challenge I'll link both the votes down
below this is more of like a question
this isn't us stating anything but it
was it's you know it's like an
interesting little brain teaser I don't
know how many of you guys are starting
to think of what you want to become when
you're older what job you want what
occupation whatever or if you're already
in one or I don't know and I feel like
most of you guys are kind of like high
school college as far as my demographic
not really sure but bekesy brought up a
really good question if you want to
thinking about the idea of an occupation
it was like something on my mind why why
am i choosing the occupation I am and
it's like I liked to share things like I
like sharing my thoughts and I'm really
fortunate that that's able to be
something that I can do as a job right
now but think of what other people are
doing as a job like are you doing the
career that you're in because it's the
family business and that's just what
everyone kind of expects you to do and
you're afraid to do anything else
because then your occupation is being
driven by fear and that that's not like
a fulfilling life to live are you driven
by money are you just trying to do
whatever is gonna pay the bills and like
make you rich and so you can have nice
things
it's just something interesting to think
about there's some sort of occupation or
way that you really really enjoy to help
then that's what I think the occupation
should be like we really have to think
we're all kind of on the same earth in
it you're able to do something that's
going to help the greater good then it's
gonna keep things in a better place and
driving towards something and like but
listening to that like you don't have to
think like then I need to do some metal
healthy environment yeah I need a
whatever because there's different ways
to help for example I think that makes
it seem like you have to do something
crazy like Joe a Red Cross like no no no
do something that's gonna overall like
make you a better member of society and
like make you happier there are so many
ways to take that you can interpret that
as you want exactly there's so many
different ways but just the question of
the day is if you're older and you
already know what you want to become or
you're already you know getting into it
ask yourself why are you doing it is it
through passion is it through interest
through wanting to help through fear
through money yeah exactly money I was
going to
say is the coal things how fiscal wants
you know I mean just something just
about cuz yeah my answer for this
question is like I do this because I
love being able to put my creativity
into something and sharing it that's
like my biggest thing ever so good like
if you go on my channel like yeah you
will see some advice videos but like
that's not really what I'm known for I'm
not really known for like giving
hardcore advice for a certain topics or
anything I mean I like doing it like you
know we're kind of doing that right now
like I love your videos because you're
able to like really really take like I
was very like trendy thing that's going
around and then just make it into
something that's not even like the whole
focus of it your night routine for
example I wasn't like okay like I know
what she does at night like there was so
much more to that video like all the
time in different clips that were put
into that it was like a short film over
just a little thank you yeah my answer
is I really like to create things and
arts and just take my ideas and make it
happen and just being able to share it
is awesome so that's kind of like who I
do it for some reason talking to you or
like having you feeding here's like oh
when I first moved to LA like I was like
okay so YouTube's my job now like what
what do i do like let me just do
anything that's gonna get views and I'll
try to you know put my own spin on it
like as everyone does YouTube became so
stressful and kind of like they just
weren't coming to me and sponsored
videos seemed so horrible like just so
much bad and before I moved to LA was I
didn't even think of YouTube as anything
it was just whenever I felt like filming
it was like oh this is fun like it was
just genuinely a hobby like I didn't
care about money or anything like that
and it wasn't until probably the summer
when I started vlogging for whatever
reason that I was like wow people are
responding really well for me just kind
of being myself I think that's why I
started this and that's why I had any
sort of views it's because for some
reason me being myself was entertaining
or
something that people were interested in
watching and so anything I'm sort of
feeling or anything that's currently on
my mind I can just bring up the topics
and I've been trying to bring up more
like helpful topics recently that's your
interest yeah
also this kind of makes me think about
something else whatever you're doing in
the moment whether it's work-related or
you're having a conversation with a
friend or you're working on a school
project I don't know whatever it is
whatever you're doing in the moment it's
crazy how amazing your outcome is if you
are genuinely in it and you are
interested in it and you are putting
your all into it we whatever it may be
can say like the videos that we've made
that we're just genuinely interested in
those are the ones I feel like people
respond to their version it's the best
with everyone because people can they
can feel it like she's just like doing
her thing and when I upload a video that
I'm like super into it I'm like yes like
I feel myself all the the comments feel
better like I'm more interested in
reading them I'm more interested in
responding and like you know it works
yeah anyways even just like having a
conversation with someone you guys try
this next time you're talking to someone
that maybe you don't know that well or
even if you know someone super well
whatever really just try to gauge into
the conversation make a lot of eye
contact and really listen to what
they're saying
give your actual opinion and go with
your gut and whatever you say like just
being super true to yourself yep just
like be honest with yourself and being
honest always the outcome is so amazing
you'll probably become that you will
most likely become like closer with that
person or and more calm yourself yeah
and like just have a really good genuine
moment right there and that kind of
stuff is so much more memorable than
like excuse my language but like the
half-ass that you do in life where
it's like oh like yeah as a group like
we all hung out Friday but like only no
idea like we're just on our phone oh
versus the times where it's like oh my
god let's play this game let's live in
the moment we're all in it we're all
laughing and yeah it's just so important
to really be present in the moment and
just yeah like don't be afraid to be
yourself that's so what everyone says
but that's because it's true and it's
not that easy but like like we were both
saying when we're both feeling really
good and like if something we're really
interested in making and putting up
how we feel good in people respond well
to it it's the same thing like in real
life integrative conversation if
everyone's talking about like how great
a movie is they're like oh my gosh so
great and like you're in your head being
like you know like I thought that movie
was like kind of average voice it but
you have to say it's I'm like you know
no one's gonna know but a lot of times
if you were to say like you know I kind
of have this like mediocre someone else
I bet it's gonna be like you know I kind
of did to actually like thought it was
like okay and you might like citycam
might help yeah and I might not into a
different conversation like having
different you know back and forth
opinions is done that is so much more
fulfilling than like a oh that was a
great movie yeah totally and then that's
it really recommend you try it out yeah
so thanks for listening to client
Lexie's ran'tao see you guys know gonna
go nature appreciation clip they are so
pretty Wow
shout out to the people who remember me
and Aspen trying on these onesies like
years ago maybe two years ago or
something I don't know but I just saw
this and I was like oh my god Aspen so
Aspen watching this
shutout miss you how I get to make I
don't
we're in victoria secret right now like
we're picking out some swimsuits and i
want to show you guys this
I love their Christmas time stuff I saw
this fuzzy red rope and I'm buying it it
is it's really fuzzy and I only have one
row but it feels more like a towel so I
like to wear it like after I take a
shower and stuff but I need like a cozy
robe that I can wear what I want to
becoming warm so I'm getting that and
then also I'm getting my cutest little
slippers check this stuff out
look who met up with us we're also with
Megan I don't know where she is strands
fun but we are looking at these undies
I'm like great being the but as weird
line and we're talking about how like
it's not sexy it's like imagine a human
wearing this and like their butt crack
just let you just be right there like
maybe if someone had one single butt
cheek you know cheek it would like you
yes we are my future child will be
wearing these sneakers this is the
cutest thing in the entire world oh my
gosh we are on this far
i'ma sit here that words on their Street
and
I never had this before I ordered a
chicken breast PETA oh this is what it
looks like
colorful wow it's so colorful yeah you
got mashed potatoes what you get Megan
sounds great Wow I'm very excited two
minutes later I'm having troubles eating
this I don't know how to eat a pita wrap
apparently this is going to be my attire
for the next month and a half so it's a
lot later now it's about eleven o'clock
ish so I'm actually gonna start getting
ready for bed cuz I'm really tired but I
quickly want to show you guys what I got
wait but I might want to film a haul
whatever I'll just show you guys for
starters I finally picked up some Adidas
sneakers
I honestly this purchase has been so
delayed I really should have gotten
these like months ago because they were
popular months ago but you know what I
really really like how they look and I
think I'll be able to wear these a bunch
of times and just for a very long time
in general so I got these these are
actually the kids ones so they're
actually a size like I think 5 which is
which does not make any sense to me at
all because I'm a woman 7 but like I
don't know it's weird that like a kid's
5 is the equivalent of that I don't know
but got those who love them I also
picked up a tangle teezer which is just
like a hairbrush that's really freaking
awesome for your hair well I'm gonna
show you guys there you go graceful
literally looks like a brush for like a
horse or something but it's awesome
because um it just like gets all the
tangles out oh this looks kind of
different I'm excited and then I just
got a few things from Urban Outfitters I
also picked up some stuff for Alex's
birthday but I'm not gonna show those in
case Alex watches this but I got two
different scarves this one's really
fuzzy and it's black and it's a little
longer but it's like an infinity scarf
and then this one was really cool
because it's shorter but I like how
there's two different colors so you can
like overlap it and only show this one
or only shown this one or
so both so I just got like three scarves
right here super high right I also
picked up this shirt because I really
like just like simple graphic tees and
wearing them with jeans and like a
leather jacket and simple black boots it
just makes for a really easy outfit so I
got this Kevin Klein Jeans t-shirt and
then lastly I got this candle cedar wood
vanilla oh my gosh it smells like
frickin Christmas I'm gonna let it right
now actually so yeah I'm probably gonna
end off my vlog here because I'm just
gonna wash my face brush my teeth head
to bed I'm actually really happy with
the amount of footage that I got today
so I'm probably going to be splitting
off these vlogs I'm not sure everyday
yet it really depends on how every day
goes but this one is long enough to be
its own video so I'm very excited about
that I'm probably gonna actually edit
that before I go to bed but I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video I it feels
really really good to vlog I always have
such a good time vlogging for you guys
my days are always better you guys love
it it's overall just such a positive and
awesome thing I don't understand why do
it more but yeah I will see you guys for
tomorrow's vlog
