hello guys so I am all packed up
I've got backpack things suitcase I am
going to London this week I know so
random but I'm going to the Apple Music
Festival which I'm so excited about I'll
technically be landing tomorrow because
my flights like 10 hours and 30 minutes
pray for me and I'll be the city until
Saturday
good bye room I will miss you so much
never change I'll be back Saturday night
good bye rock that serves no purpose 5
piece of toilet paper that's in this
container
see you later Drew's Wall quote Cabaye
Jack's plans yeah I called and I was
like oh my god it's Lexi welcome to my
hotel room let me give you guys a quick
little overview of course it's already
messy because I had to choose my outfit
but it's a pretty spacious room I did a
little workout right here before my
shower and we got a little balcony not
that great of a view let's check out the
bathroom I know how exciting this is for
you guys so it is nights number one in
London for me and I just finished
getting ready for the Apple music
festival tonight the weekend is
performing which I'm really excited
about we just got to the venue and check
this out
it looks so cool
so it's indoors which thank God because
it's a little chilly all right this is
so blurry come on there we go
I met up with some peeps that are
helping me out this week but right now
they're filming a snapchat for the Apple
music snap story and I can't show it to
you guys because they're using like this
like homemade like tripod stabilizer
thing and I wanted to block it because
it looks so cool and they were like you
can't do that because we made it and we
don't have like right to do it or
something okay I'll talk to you guys in
a bit sorry about that I just met some
subscribers but anyways they want to
film one last snap story of like the
English wire crowd singing to the
weekends and I really want to vlog it
somehow because I want to see if they're
actually going to get it done
hello hello who are you may not hello
hello
Cosford and connor i think they're doing
great they can't really answer you
beyond beauty star on the first to bride
ever
I'm like not excited at all they keep
hyping it up I know it's not going to be
no such believes if you guys just want
with these yeah we're having boys head
out these guys went to the concert and
we bumped into each other and this is it
guys we're here and I was right it's not
exciting once comes up at all
well that's too bad sweat we started
here we need to get here but we can't go
here so now we're going here and we did
not progress at all
so it is the next day it's about 12
o'clock and I just woke up from the
greatest nap ever because I literally
got like four hours of sleep because I
had to beat up really really early this
morning but I just finished getting
ready that is so cool he sculpted out of
sand that's awesome so I am now in my
pajamas because I just got back from the
concert tonight's was The Chemical
Brothers and they're not my favorite
band but they're actually pretty good
they put on really good light shows
which was cool to see so yeah I just got
back but I want to show you guys what I
got today for some reason none of the
clothes were standing out to me either
they were just like too expensive and
not worth it or other things just like
didn't really catch my eye I don't know
but yeah the first pair of shoes I am so
excited about because I've been wanting
to get these for so long and a lot of
people have them but honestly like they
are the best shoes to get if you want
over the knees simple black boots so
they are from Stuart Weitzman and let me
pull one out for you guys oh my god I'm
so excited okay so basically it's just a
tall black over-the-knee boots it's all
suede they're like different options you
could get like leather here and stuff
but I wanted the all suede one with a
heel and they fit so perfectly I'm so
excited to wear these for the fall time
so I feel like I really bought them at
the perfect time so I got those these
were definitely a hefty purchase but I
think it's well worth it because I know
I'll be wearing them a bunch and then
also I went to this store called new
look yeah new look it kind of it was
giving me like H&M vibes as far as like
quality pricing things like that but I
saw these two shoes and I thought they
looked cool me like propping them up
before starting the camera so I got
these heels boots which look really
really cute on their just like simple
little small heels but I like the lace
up and the little pointed toe then I
also got these little fancier ones and
they're really really comfortable
that's why I wanted to get them because
they were super cheap and they were just
really comfortable there's that and then
these were a little more expensive
there was a sign that said that these
were leathers so I'm assuming that is
why but yeah that's what I got today so
I'm gonna be staying in tonight because
I have a lot of vlog footage that I want
to edit and some main channel videos and
stuff I also ordered a room service so
I'm really excited for that to come but
yeah it's just gonna be a chill night
with me myself and I and this very large
comfortable bed oh man I'm so excited I
got this like beet mango walnut salad
type thing I don't know it sounded
really intriguing on the menu and a side
of mashed potatoes cuz the mashed
potatoes in London are so creamy and so
good so I'll have to let you guys know
if this meets my expectations what the
heck let's try it on camera
incredible I can confidently say that I
have never had a breakfast like this
before so I ordered ham eggs and
potatoes and this is this is what we got
good morning guys so it is a new day and
we are at this marketplace have you ever
been to a market like this have I ever
yeah it's so cool so cool there's like
so many interesting things here we just
grab some breakfast but right now we are
going to be doing snapchatting for music
you know I'm really excited it was
actually really good so you take the
little pieces of ham you put them in the
egg and a little family she was really
good but now we're gonna
I'm questioning everything in life right
now you guys know I spent like three
months ago yeah let me show you the
precision
so it's about 2:00 p.m. and we just
finished with all the shots that we
needed to take but I wanted to show you
guys this little area that we found that
we took the last shot at because it's so
cute it's like this little outdoor cafe
and they have umbrellas out on the
ceiling the ghetto cute this is
guys check this out it's literally a bar
that you just pedal and it goes free
hugs at all times
get it get it get it get it get it all
right we're live
hey guys shaking over Lottie is taking
over body is live that walk it may think
you like it yeah guys these are the cool
as far as I've ever seen look at the
stems and the petals or leaves or
whatever literally look like cabbage or
something
that's really cool
I smell good oh that's like is this what
if it's literally like romaine lettuce
or something it's pretty so we just ate
and we're going back to the hotel but
this is the this is the front of the
market so it is nighttime now once we
got back to the hotel I passed out for
like two hours because I was so tired
but we just got here and look at the
color of the thing tonight
oh yeah it's like orange but yeah I
think I'm most excited for tonight
because just closure is playing and they
are one my favorite bands is the one
person I don't even know I'm such a big
fan but I love the song you and me and
delivery mix I was like our friend
groups favorite song last year was like
our song of the summer so if they play
it I'm gonna freak out a little bit
so yeah we're about to head in and
so I back in the hotel room these second
I walked in here I ripped off my clothes
and put on my pajamas once again I just
want to have a chill night because I'm
very very exhausted I don't know if it's
like the weather that's putting me in
this mood or all the running around and
stuff like that I think it's just a
combination of it all but I'm very
excited to just sit on my butt make some
tea maybe possibly watch a movie or
something I don't know but yeah I'm
gonna end off the vlog here because
tomorrow morning I'm just gonna have to
pack everything up and head home so I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog I had
an awesome week here in London I've only
been to London twice the both times have
been awesome so hopefully I'll be able
to visit again soon yeah it's like these
always remind me how grateful I am for
what I get to do because travelling is
such a bonus and it's so much fun being
able to explore around meet new people
and create memories and stuff so it's
really fun if you guys have been
enjoying the vlogs be sure to let me
know by giving it a big thumbs up
because I've been doing it a little more
recently and I think you guys are like
an aunt oh boy thank you so much for
watching and I love you guys bye
