hey guys so it is Saturday morning and I
just finished getting ready to go on
this well according to the website
light-sport aircraft thing does it
really have a term i guess like that's
like a general category of things like I
I don't know the company we're doing it
through is pacific blue air la calm and
I'm not sponsored by them lexine are are
just genuinely interested in doing it so
we're paying to do it but I think it'll
be fun and if anyone's in the LA area
we'll we'll let you know if we recommend
it okay so drew is gonna wave us
farewell like we're going off to school
or something this is come on focus there
we go look at it look at you know what
this video's what I reminds me
literally can I just get my dad any no
no no all right we're gonna start
today's list off with let's see play the
music it's coming it's coming all right
we need to go we are procrastinating
okay so i like to use ways to navigate
when I'm driving and there's this one
voice command option that you can do and
it's called boy band and it's literally
the funniest thing ever it's like a man
singing kind of as he's directing I've
never heard star just like driving the
car and she's like really hurt the boy
didn't I was like what no I want to hear
them all just wait for it it's so funny
the current song playing is I'm into you
but I figure also if you are curious I
hope it comes soon just like in half a
mile turn left we just arrived at the
airport whoa take a look take a gander
nice man on a bike we're following our
lady that brought us this is ashley and
she is taking us where we need to go so
we can fly over the city of Los Angeles
I'm so like it's gonna be such a good
experience I still don't believe that
it's happening like I don't feel like
I'm about to we're gonna be doing that
do you see that oh that's a doctor are
you sure yeah yeah yes that is
definitely want a hundred percent a
helicopter
that's what I flew Oh God so cute we're
gonna try to insert some footage here
afterwards oh yeah oh yeah I've got I'm
going to get a song going to a nice
little like music video style great it's
very good we have to sign a contract
before we go and the first sentence says
I understand that this is a long and
boring yet very important legal document
that can affect my legal rights okay so
we just got here and these are the
things that we are going to be flying on
what what is the name of them huh vlog
yeah Abby log say light sport weight
shift control aircraft a shrine use a
tricky a trike okay they look so cool
they look like hang gliders on the top
but then its way to a binding mine yeah
like a motorcycle with a hanger cool you
gotta so excited oh yeah are you ready
I've been four
like
I'm number
you
it was so fun so much fun I saw all the
beaches yeah I'm in you know oh well
when everyone whole world yes did it and
30 minutes to is crazy machines are also
picket she went to a cave though yeah
that was cool there was one part like
it's called stalling right we're like
you like go up drop down we liked it it
twice and i got like you feelin myself I
goes like oh yeah you just go yeah it's
like a little roll we are back home now
and we actually stopped by ralphs to get
a few things like so you had to go to
the bank but I picked up some groceries
before I show you guys that I want to
show you this little certificate that
they give you it's so cute it says light
sport aircraft pilot certificate there
we go i can apply this to my flight time
if i ever choose to become a pilot i got
a lot of great stuff coconut water it's
pretty much almost done some lettuce
bananas I've been obsessed with this
little mix right here it's just baby
carrots and sugar snap peas I went a
little crazy and got half of a melon and
half of a watermelon I don't know why
but when I saw it in the fridge rated
section I was like yeah I am craving
that right now Lassie we got more caught
wash it can I talk unless they got two
more coconut waters and oh my god i also
picked up an iphone it was like such a
great deal what time is it it's a 930 or
something and Drew and Jack are nowhere
in sight we don't know where they are so
our girls day turned into a girls night
yeah it's just been a full Claudian lexi
day so right now we are sitting in the
dining room we made some Brussels
sprouts and some assorted dipping sauces
I've got some sriracha barbecue sauce
and ketchup what do you have throughout
to a BBQ sauce and ketchup as well as
some mustard and relish and then we
seasoned our Brussels sprouts that we've
baked in the oven yep with just some
girl
salt and pepper and we're enjoying some
entertainment some TED talk videos get a
little inspired nothing like a good
educational inspiring really anything
you want to make of it 10 the video it's
been a good day they're like healthy
chicken nuggets almost almost trying to
be held me here okay so update guys our
night has gone from watching TED talks
to now watching a very awkward boy do
not forget the minimum part we watch the
cues oh my god squish my face of a
little ball there also me oh my god cat
videos pig videos little baby deer video
other cats massage is so cute so cute so
now we are on to awkward um preteen
boyfriend tags stay tuned the boys are
back in town cute they're such cuties I
want don't be shy oh it's been quite a
long line
