hey guys it is Thursday morning and I'm
about to start filming but we have a
little smoke detector that won't won't
shut up today it's it's been a little
shoo it's been beeping like every 60
seconds since like freaking 5:00 a.m.
but I just realized I had a battery so
we're gonna try to replace it please
work oh my gosh
I've been pressing that button all
morning morning so we'll see okay
hopefully it stops because I'm trying to
get right in from a video and I don't
want it to be
beeping throughout the entire thing so
hopefully it works we're making great
progress today for starters this smoke
detector has not been beeping which is
great so we figured out the issue also I
ended up filming two videos which I was
only expecting to film one I think I'm
just gonna start importing this stuff
and getting it ready to edit because I
will be editing that stuff while I'm on
the plane I have a few other work things
that I need to do like emails I need to
go get a check and just do random things
like that what you do and I just keep
vlogging you shirtless today I hope you
okay oh you should bake it make it
crunchy yeah yeah I feel you I did I
films two videos I know I just I was in
such a good mood after the first one so
I was like you know what let's bang out
another and I films like I know what's
in my purse type of thing I know we're
going on an adventure tomorrow what it's
what is it called total thousands of
each I think about you
go tomorrow they closed it when the tide
is high and they're supposed to have
like a tsunami today so like I think the
tide would be high tomorrow which means
probably we are you serious that makes
me so sad there's like this it's kind of
like a pool of water really close to the
beach right that's like surrounded by
rocks yeah like a swimming hole a
natural swimming hole that you can jump
into and it's like an hour away from us
and I want to go so bad I'm not gonna be
here next week Tuesday
hold on I'm chewing but at least I'm
doing something Quan Saturday this weird
flying thing I don't know you guys will
see so I'm gonna continue munching on
these super crunchy grapes and talk to
you guys in a bit
making some lunch we've got an egg on
the pan we're doing a little bit of
avocado toast egg action going on drew
made some some some eggs it's got four
eggs eggs in there that's insane oh
really he's a real man guys you're here
too here we are now in the car I'm a few
places that I need to quickly go to
today first off I need to go to the bank
to get a check for my like text guy and
I need to send that over to him I want
to go to Staples to get like an
accordion-style folder because you guys
have seen my desk there is only one
little drawer in the middle which
doesn't leave you a lot of room for
organization so I want to be able to
organize all my different like documents
and bills and papers and things that I
just think are important to save or
maybe I'm just like a paper hoarder I
don't know but I want to get like some
sort of older that has multiple
compartments and then lastly I want to
go to Sports Authority and pick up some
tennis rackets because there's a park
really close by to our house
it has tennis courts and if you guys
have been following me for a while then
you would know that I was on my high
school's tennis team and I have only
played tennis like once since moving
here and I don't even have my own
rackets here so I'm going to pick some
up because I want to start teaching my
roommates how to play tennis and then we
can go and be active together and have a
fun time so those are the three things
that I need to
right now let the errands begin
well hello all the records playing I am
vlogging my day today success with the
tennis rackets not so much success with
the folders
I got tennis rackets today but let's do
it at like sunset sweet we're going
tennis playing we're going tennis
playing today I said all right we're
playing tennis tonight I got two
different rackets I got this like
lightweight power one I didn't like the
fact that it was pink when I thought it
was red and then we just got a regular
adult racquet one from Staples I got
some paper to write to-do lists on and
some tape but I couldn't find accordion
folders which is really annoying because
that was the reason that I went there
but it's all good oh I just knocked over
this blossom
it's everywhere oh good thing we just
have some handy towels sitting here I
don't know why they are
we up in here where else again we are in
a drought I know we're getting some
salad some tees I don't know if you guys
will remember this tea but I used to
talk about this all the time
it's the yogi vanilla spice perfect
energy tea and it puts me in the best
mood ever especially with like filming
videos and stuff just reviews this
Claudia with disagreeing with you know
I've been craving chocolate for so long
it's so good you always have Orioles in
the house it's like the biggest issue
ever and there's like this new
watermelon lime tea we're gonna try out
crazy whoa Pedro what does yes oh my god
yes oh my god I missed up hey drew hey
what is why yes yes oh my god that's
what your heart is oh yeah literally
didn't last clip which I'm not sure if
you're gonna include she asked me what
you is you IES spelled which is I is not
yes Claudia oh my gosh there's like this
joke going around we're like if you tell
someone to like if you say like what
does ye s spell and they say yes and
then you say what does e why yes phone
they're usually like yes and you're like
eyes dummy and I like literally try to
do it on drew but it didn't work I
flipped it you messed up okay
