good morning guys
so today's morning did not start off on
a good note for starters I woke up very
sick I knew that this was gonna happen
because I've been getting progressively
more and more sick for the last like
four days and today is definitely the
worst this might be TMI but my snot is
like green right now and I'm pretty sure
that means that you have a sinus
infection I don't know see I didn't
really know a lot about different types
of sicknesses growing up because my
family was one of those families where
like your mom would just give you tea
and she'd be like just sleep it off
you'll be fine like your body will you
know heal itself which honestly like
that's what I preferred because I don't
like putting a lot of like medication
into my body but yeah I walked
downstairs and I was talking to Lexie
and I was like yeah Lexie what does this
mean and she was like you have a sinus
infection oh my god
I have antibiotics for you and she
walked downstairs and handed me a
freaking bottle of antibiotic medication
I don't know if that's illegal or not I
mean I guess it's fine you know it's for
the right sickness and stuff but she
just gave me like heard heard fresh
bottle of pills that she didn't use for
some reason so I'm actually using those
because I have a lot of traveling coming
up in my very very near future I was
mentioning it to you guys and I just
cannot be sick for that stuff so yeah
that is the first thing that happened
today the second thing is I actually
woke up to snot a halo sets now to rain
falling which is awesome because it
never rains here and I love what it does
but there is a link on my ceiling let me
show you guys right here by the door
there's like if you can see right there
it's starting to leak and here's my
little solution I've got a V stand a
towel and this jar has already filled up
in general I just have to clean my room
I literally clean it on Sunday and it
became a mess oh this is a painting that
I'm working on I started it on Sunday
it's like nowhere near done but tada
what else I did this there's this
printing machine at Urban Outfitters
where you can take photos off of your
Instagram and print them out and I
thought that was really cool so I put a
bunch of them together I taped it up put
on a frame and
I really like how it looks actually
going to set in about 20 minutes I
didn't realize that I had a shoot today
my manager called me yesterday and she
was like hey by the way I just emailed
you like your call time for tomorrow and
I was like what call time what are you
talking about I'm sick and she was like
oh my god no you have a shoot tomorrow
luckily it's not gonna be anything too
crazy long it's like a few hours right
now it is almost 12 o'clock so I should
be heading soon so thankfully it did not
start earlier hopefully I'll be able to
vlog while I'm there because it's gonna
be interesting I'm excited and I love
the company that I'm doing it with so
it's gonna be really fun also in general
to keep you guys in the loop I'm
actually going to London next week it
was super last-minute as well but I'm
really excited I'm going for the Apple
music festival I'm going there to
promote it and basically just kind of
hang out and do that stuff it's gonna be
really fun I'm excited and then once I
come back I think I have a little bit of
time here and then I go to another
location for two weeks to film something
that I most definitely can't talk about
yet but that is gonna be really exciting
so as you guys can probably tell I am
just a tad bit stressed out with all
these things coming up knowing that I
have to pre film pre edit all this stuff
and now I'm like sick on top of it which
sucks but you know sometimes life just
throws a million things at you and you
just gotta you gotta do it that like was
that's not even a saying that wasn't I'm
gonna stop talking now
so I got the okay for vlogging on set
today which is exciting let me show you
guys the upstairs so yeah I didn't tell
you guys but the shoot is with quest
today which is a nutrition company
they've got quest bars and stuff you
guys have heard about them in my videos
but here is what their building looks
like
it's cool I haven't seen the studio yet
but we're gonna be shooting in there and
then we have this giant pillow that you
can just lie on I want one of these in
our house but I'm gonna go back
downstairs because I don't know anyone
up there so I just got home and I might
look a little crazy because I just got
something smashed into my face I don't
know what I can say or what I can't say
I did up not being able to really film
anything on set because I couldn't show
the color that they used I couldn't show
the product or anything but all I can
say is that they're coming out with a
new flavor and I got to try it
it's awesome it's so good yes so I don't
know if you'll be able to see but
there's just a whole lot of junk in my
face in my face on my face also in my
hair you guys see that YUM Qwest also
gave me a little goodie bag with a bunch
of different stuff which is exciting
because I always enjoy their chips and
their bars I'm gonna go shower to get
all this off but I had such a fun time I
cannot wait for you guys to see all the
videos that they're filming so obviously
I'll be tweeting it out once it goes out
so you guys can see it but I just
freaking love the quest team they are
all just so awesome and funny and nice
and it was just a great time so yeah I'm
gonna go do that and then I'm gonna make
myself some lunch because it's like 4
p.m. right now I'll start for lunch I am
doing a little Caesar salad wrap so
we've got some grilled chicken I don't
know how I am going to wrap this because
this is a very large wrap oh let's see
here we got some pieces sticking out but
lunch look at that goodness you can see
the steam coming out oh my god this
could be a commercial right here
sponsored by Caesar salad wraps check
him out in the downbar just kidding it's
been a few hours where did I leave you
guys off um ate my delicious wrap took
care of some tax stuff I had to go mail
some things that I needed to sign
and pretty much after that my body just
started getting really really exhausted
so I'm trying to rest it but I'm also
just getting so antsy because I don't
want to sit here I want to do things I
think I'm gonna like painted a little
and I do have something that I can edit
I've started editing this vlog as well
but right now I am watching Entourage
the movie Entourage on my computer I
actually watched a little bit of the
actual show like of the first season
never ended up finishing that but I
decided that I want to watch the movie
and it's actually pretty good yeah I
think I'm gonna go to Ralph's soon to
pick up some sort of like nyquil dayquil
something quail type of thing I don't
know I decided against Lexi's
antibiotics because I was talking to my
manager and she was like Claudia you
can't just take someone's antibiotics
like you need to go to a doctor for that
and she was saying how like if you start
it you have to like finish the whole
cycle or else your body will not will
become like immune to it later or I
don't know something like that and I was
like shoot like I already took one pill
can I just like stop and just you know
like not taking she was like yeah you'll
be fine after one fell but like you know
if you're gonna take it like you got to
figure out how long you take it whatever
so don't harass me in the comments I
know what I did was not smart but I'm
telling you guys like I don't know what
I'm doing when it comes to this stuff
I'm gonna continue watching Entourage
and then um well we'll see what I do
with my life then alright peace we're at
Ralph's hey what up what up um I'm
getting I'm getting the drugs guys
I'm like already starting to sweat I
feel like I need to pass out that's it
we want was it I was like a wheelchair
guard ah yes
oh my god with like the little stick
shift that would be so fun my cheeks are
little getting so rosy like repeating
this is what's happening I'm getting
like heat flashes scary this is the
aisle that we needed yes crunch we were
seeking because didn't Oh guys I'm so
excited to pass out like we'll get get
the the double knock Wow guys I'm
literally never sick so doing this is so
exciting for me like I cannot wait to
pass out this is like probably not good
to be boring
um I know there's like something else
that I I wanted I think it was like
something like this do the pillow wait I
think I've had these before like my mom
told me to get them you put it in hot
water um it's like um what's it called
but for hot water it's like tea but not
tea it's like like mint like is that not
when I was like an emergency Oh
emergency yes somewhere there like those
words even we're probably not honestly
didn't work for me this week no you
trusted I which one should I get
Dave maybe day if I have like nyquil
like true true is this supposed to make
you sleepy
nighttime probably anything that's like
night I feel like I sleeping like
something whoo party art a it is 10:43
p.m. and it's at 56 seconds if you're
curious I doubt you are and I'm gonna
take some nyquil apologies from my
parents I like literally look death ly
ah this smells good
oh my god last time I remember taking
this it tasted so bad
I remember used to be green I've never
had the berry flavor before so this is
exciting thank you take the whole thing
maybe um I guess I'll like have water on
the side if I don't like it shots shots
shots shots shots shots everybody oh
yeah oh yeah that was gross
