hey guys so it is September 4th but at
this Friday morning and I'm about to
head to the airport with Alex and drew
to go to playlist live PC I decided that
I wanted to block my weekend because I
haven't vlogged in a while for you guys
and who knows what shenanigans we'll get
into hopefully it will be exciting Alex
is on the phone
drew is still finishing up packing up a
little bit we're kind of running late
hello yeah we just passed the airport
and we all paid 53 extra dollars to sit
in the same road together but it is
gonna be the best fight ever here we go
all buying Caesar salads I hate us Santa
beard what it better
very true on the way to YouTube events
shout-out to Jen's new book it's so cool
like these pages with these are so cool
oh my gosh yeah I love it
audience quick sorry
so Alex's suitcase baroque on the way
here and she lost two bras so we just
got here
we're with a Lucca we're waiting for the
car and that is our life right now
so we are now going to one of the
parties nice party I don't know here's
our outfits there we go I'm going the
nice casual Snooper spin mom look
which one is full and for that oh hey
guys so it is the next morning and I
just finished getting all ready I have
to leave in like 20 minutes for my
meetup but let me show you guys my
outfit so I'm wearing this little white
crop top and it's got like a pocket it's
very like schoolgirl looking and then
I've just got some nicest dress cut off
these shoes they're from
I am so distracted right now my shoes
are from Jeffrey Campbell I believe and
then to finish it off to finish it off
we've got the backpack of course not
because I'm like a little I'm a little
confused is this supposed to be like a
coffee table assortment Alex and I
sitting in front of the window and we're
just waving hi to people let's see if we
can get these suckers to wave they're on
our floor so they must be influencers
now they're not looking at Oh
like look at these people you are no you
literally can't read that like do you
see that whoa Claudia how did you
teleport into your bed at home what
but playlist isn't over but my vlogging
career is because I'm awful and I did
not vlog anything else I know
but it's okay I'm making up for it by
flogging my day today so let's rewind to
this morning and start the vlog from
there so as far as today's plans go I
don't have very much plan besides
filming because I have a lot of videos
to pre-fill within the next two weeks
because I've got a lot of traveling
coming up in my very near future but
it's like exciting traveling so I am
more than happy to be doing these videos
right now yesterday I picked up some
Japanese candy because today I'm filming
a Japanese candy eating video obvious
and I'm so pumped they're two that I'm
like pretty concerned about the first
one that looks like this what is this I
didn't realize this while in the store
we've got these like little mushy balls
or something but there is literally lead
leaves on the packaging we are now in
the car I'm about to head to Ralph's
which is our local grocery store to go
get some Starbucks and actually question
for you guys I want to know what your
local grocery store is called because
when I lived back in Chicago we had
next and jewel-osco and every time I
bring it up in videos everyone's like
what is that we don't have that so I'm
really curious cuz over here in
California we have Ralph's and I wonder
if any of you guys have it I mean really
all grocery stores are the same but you
know it's a conversation starter but
before I do that I need to go and get
gas from my car and it's actually really
exciting or not really exciting but I'm
pumping gas in this car for the first
time which is so crazy because I got
this car around July 6 and an entire
tank of gas has lasted me from July 6 to
now which is September 8th or I don't
even know data's right now but that is a
very very long time I'm telling you guys
Priuses are the way to go baby you save
a lot of freaking money in between now
and the last time I updated you guys I
filmed a bunch of different clips that I
needed to obviously ones that don't
require the face because face isn't on
my face right now what I am literally
driving on 0 miles left this is
terrifying Congrats on losing your
virginity guys can we just take a minute
to appreciate the color and size of
these strawberries what these are like
the most perfect strawberries I've ever
seen
listening to some choice of honors I got
ready get my coffee here's my setup I
feel like I've definitely shown this in
a video somewhere but I do this every
single day had this little clear box
that goes over my brushes I set up the
mirror put the lights makeups right here
it's a great time I'm about to start
filming my video so here is my setup
we've got camera natural lighting candy
mirror water things let's do this I just
finished filming on my video and I want
to show you guys the mess mmm lovely
you've got a little science lab over
here me thinking that some of it was
supposed to be submerged in water it was
really fun to film I'm excited to edit
this video and share with you guys I
think I might be uploading this video
this week actually because it's
definitely going to be finished before
the other ones I think now I'm gonna
start inputting the footage and editing
it right away I feel bad because like
the one day I decide to vlog as if being
like the most uninteresting vlog ever
like I'm not leaving my house or
socializing or anything I just want to
get this stuff done
hey well this is so weird
do you like it not sure this is one of
the biggies can't literally taste like a
croissant Ling it's flaky I know it's a
crystal covering with chocolate it's
there's not enough chocolate no
chocolate
exactly I'm not hungry yet yeah
eight o'clock we'll go there at 8:00 you
know it'll probably take like 30 minutes
to get seated and order enough like the
whole process of like getting your wadis
making your order getting the food when
Alex and I went oh my gosh it's like
when you fall you're like that's when
you know you're done this is how I asked
Alex to dinner it's more of a statement
versus a question I'm debating whether I
should show you guys the message above
why the heck not sure it says okay out
of context if you had no idea what we
were talking about this would sound so
wrong third but I would change the color
of the paddles so that you can see
you're slapping his butt oh my gosh let
me explain
Alex was asking me to choose a thumbnail
for her tinder date video and I told her
to use this one but she has a pad on her
hand and I told her that she should
change the color of the paddle so that
you can see it oh my god it's so big
it's so big there's a spider in Jews
bath classic I come here with the camera
we what are you gonna do I think you're
just gonna have to go for the cop you're
gonna kill it I obviously know that it
isn't saying my bathroom big
disappointment
drew and I got ready for our little date
we were so excited for sushi and the
weight is 1 hour and 30 30 minutes
or something like that hey way too long
not worth it both of us are just like oh
uh no thank you
I was loving the light it actually
looked great I know it something we are
now at this little cafe plays because
duh-duh-dunnnnn
so I got myself this little rap with a
salad it's got some like hummus in there
good stuff what did you guys chicken for
me so drew what have you gotten from
this place before how many times have
you been here before
it's like sometimes you just have those
places where you only get like you
wanted so is she going to that place
wait that exactly exactly like this is
my second time getting this meal and I
freaking love it i've only gotten like
two things here before but i've only
been here i think it's great it is about
10 p.m. right now and i just finished
editing what you guys just saw and i'm
just sitting here like face-planting
because i don't know is I haven't
vlogged in so long I kind of like lost
my vlog mojo if that makes sense shot
it's awesome powers I feel like this
video was just so messy and it was all
over the place and it was like obnoxious
and weird whatever but I'm just gonna
put it up I do this all the time we're
all vlog a bunch and I'll look at the
footage and I won't be happy with it at
all and then I never end up uploading
anything like trust me guys I have tried
vlogging randomly throughout the last
month but I just never was happy the
footage but yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and who knows maybe I'll be
vlogging very soon we never really know
on this channel I like to keep you guys
on your toes you know just pop vlogs in
and out alright I'll see you guys maybe
soon I love you
