hey guys it's about like three o'clock
right now so I'm starting this vlog
pretty late but I didn't really do
anything vlog worthy so far I edited a
lot I uploaded a vlog what else did I do
with my day oh I did a lot of emailing
and just kind of computer work and stuff
also my laundry cart came in the mail
today I'm Way too excited about this
here's what it looks like and it's kind
of a lot bigger than I thought it would
be but it's all good because it still
fits and I love it because it's on
wheels so all I have to do is just like
cart it into the laundry room
and yeah I'm gonna separate like my
whites my colors and my darks hands I'm
thrilled the second thing I have going
on right now is ridiculous let me just
show you guys here's my little tripod
for you guys I have been wanting to dye
my hair for a very long time actually
the last time I dyed my hair was exactly
a year ago and it's when I dyed my hair
purple on the bottom basically I just
leached the bottoms and I kept adding
color I was to just blues and purples
and then eventually I decided that I
didn't want it anymore so it just kind
of faded out through a bunch of washes
and this is what I ended up feeding into
just like a really dark blonde color the
reason why it took me so long to decide
what I want to do with my hair
was because I love having ombre hair and
I love having let her hair for the
summertime and all that stuff so I
really want to do that but at the same
time I was so happy that my hair was
growing out so long and like all of this
has not been bleached or touched yet so
I really didn't want to damage my hair
completely with a bunch of bleach and do
that entire process so instead I decided
that I
John my hair and darker I actually
bought this hair dye a week ago but I'm
just now getting to actually doing it
basically what I'm going to do is create
like an opposite ombre look so I'm going
to dye the ends of my hair of a really
really dark brown
this is shade 14 dark brown and have it
like fade up so this is still going to
be this color and it's still gonna look
natural except instead of these letter
ends it's going to be darker runs I'm
gonna have it blend up I haven't I've
used some along so hopefully it turns
out good you guys know that every single
time I dye my hair it's kind of like a
oh well I guess I'll dye this piece and
do that and hope for the best
so that's kind of what I'm doing today
let's do this
I really don't have any excuse as to why
I didn't finish vlogging yesterday but
it's a new day I think I left you guys
off with me dye my hair I didn't even
show you guys it looks like so what man
this is what it looks like it's really
not that dramatic or intense or anything
but as you can see I have my natural
hair color up here and then it goes into
this really dark chocolate brown and I'm
so happy with it I haven't had dark hair
like this in a very long time I feel
like two years or something like that
yeah I really like the change-up and I
think it's gonna look really good as I
start getting tanner as well so I'm
really happy about that also something
really exciting came in the mail today I
finally bought myself a vinyl record
player I've been wanting one of these
for a very very long time but then they
got super trendy and I was like little I
don't really like the suitcase ones I
know those also scratch your records so
I definitely did not want to get one of
those instead I got the audio technica I
think it's like LP 60 or something I
really like how simple it looks and oh
my gosh I've been playing it all morning
um I don't have very many records yet
but we've got red of course by Taylor
Swift and Sheeran I think I'm going to
put this on right now I actually haven't
even listened to this full album but I
know that it's really good
so I'm gonna play that right now we've
got some banks the soundtrack to The
Great Gatsby I was blasting this earlier
and imagine dragons that's all I have
right now but I'm I'm really really
excited also I got this awesome like
sticker thingy for my laptop it's like
black marble and it looks awesome
Wow oh my god it wasn't doing this
before what yeah there yeah so this is
right oh my god
I'm currently editing some vlogs in my
bed and they're blasting one direction
well now you can't hear it alright well
I really tried so we're about to go to
dinner with Drew and his mom and I want
to show you guys my outfit real quick
I'm just wearing this white v-neck and
then this cute little denim squirt that
I got at urban offers the other day
there's shorts in the back and then it's
like a cute little skirt in the front
some boots my bag my leather bracelet
and we're ready to go whoo
look at you you look great tonight okay
so we just got two boa and we're like
outside here's the table hello the Sun
is like shining so bright on this side
so we've got some sunglasses Jack is
wearing some lovely girl
kisses and yeah we're like right by the
beach which is so pretty so I am excited
to eat our food just got here I got a
chicken Caesar salad salads on the
ground oh my god it looks so weird
without the mirror so there was a crack
kind of in this top left corner so we're
getting a new mirror replaced and oh my
gosh
so today has been pretty productive this
morning Lexi and I had a meeting with
our manager and I just got home from
lemonade which is a restaurant here it
is delicious so I had that for lunch we
also took a little house tour of our
landlords new house because he's moving
and it's gorgeous he's the one that like
designed the house that we live in and a
bunch of other houses and his style is
just beautiful so we checked out his new
house and it's like unreal so much white
marble everywhere he just totally gets
it yeah I feel like I've been vlogging a
little less lately which is only a
temporary thing I just feel like for the
past few days nothing really exciting
has been going on ish now that I'm more
settled in obviously I don't have as
much to show you guys as far as interior
designing and stuff I do have one thing
here though which I'm going to talk
about a second but yeah now that I'm
becoming more like Seldon like my blogs
won't really be about you know like my
room and things like that which you know
is good because a lot of my videos have
just been about that hang in there I
will be blogging when there are more
exciting days but there will be days now
that are a little more boring and I
won't really have anything to vlog about
and stuff like that but back to this
package I believe it is a table let's
see if I'm correct yes I am it's a glass
it's a metal and glass table that's
gonna go right here so I'll show you
guys what it starts to look like as I
build it but my camera is about to die
so I need to charge it as well playing
some good old tunes while building this
and I'm almost done it was actually
pretty easy there's like five steps that
you have to do so now I just have to put
this side together with that side and
then put the glass on top okay so here's
what it looks like when you walk in and
I'm super happy with it I love the
height I love how thin it is I don't
really know what I'm gonna put on here
yet I think actually I'm gonna move
these over there so that I could put my
record player on
yeah I don't know I'm gonna test things
around and see what I like I think I'm
gonna put a mirror on this wall this
wall is kind of asking for it be holds
the table whoo
I put this on top and these on the
bottom that on the bottom I believe I'm
gonna take this mirror and place it
right above here so be a nice little
like walking area to check your hair and
your lip gloss and stuff and then I
moved my record player right here in the
middle with the speaker's down there but
I think I'm going to get bookshelf
speakers and do like one there one there
and have them like connect through
Claudius Liske coming to you with a
classic photobooth outro but I felt like
this video ended off on a really just
random note like there was no goodbye or
anything so I want to think they film
that but yeah I was so hesitant about up
on this vlog because it is pretty late
obviously I did my hair a while ago and
all that stuff but I decided hey why not
it's like 10 minutes of footage and I
figured you know if you don't want to
watch it then you don't have to but if
you do then it's now on the internet and
yeah I'm sorry that I haven't been
uploading as many vlogs obviously when I
first moved I filmed a bunch of logs
literally uploaded every single day and
I think what happened was was that I
just got onto such a binge of editing
and uploading every single day that
eventually like I just felt a little
burnout and I wanted to take a break and
I didn't want to have to edit every
single night so this does not mean that
I'm not gonna be vlogging or anything
like that but I definitely will not be
vlogging every single day because I
don't know I just wasn't made to be a
daily vlogger I don't really think it's
my thing but at the same time I still
really really enjoy making vlogs for you
guys so thank you so much for watching
today's video that's all I want to say
and I love you guys bye
