you
just playing some good old one direction
in the morning hey guys
so it's a new day and I just finished
getting ready drew and I are about to go
to Petsmart because we're gonna pick up
some fish and become parents
today I'm you guys probably thinking
like what that is so random but about
like a week and a half ago drew and I
found this super awesome fishbowl so we
both decided to get it and we're gonna
have goldfish in our rooms so let me
flip it and show you guys here it is
it's beautiful
it's got like these little raised
mountains out of the glass and it's just
a cute little Bowl so I think I'm gonna
have it right there I'm just gonna get
one little goldfish I'm thinking of
getting a little black one and I'm very
very excited also Lexie landed today I
know she's taking a shower right now
she's taking a shower but yeah she was
supposed to mind yesterday but there
were some issues with the flight and
stuff but she's here now
Lexie
welcome home
I wants to fly home yesterday but my
site is now are my flight was changed
today and I'm here and overwhelmed
Kalani's what to get fish to say about
that oh yeah I told him about the fish
do you have any more it's an important
day I don't know yet
drew is calling his fish Hanna Sizwe he
wanted like a like a basic combat like a
basic bitch yeah kind of like I'm like a
sorority girl name you know yeah Hanna
pulls up a blogging camera guys look at
this spider that is disgusting it's not
focusing this is so anticlimactic there
you go we're showing you the spider No
behold you got it yeah Larry the spider
Oh should we just open the window
anything go or we go it needs to get out
yeah it's not well it doesn't it's
better than it looks baby it's only a
living where's the other one oh my god
no I for house is infested jump night
guys
drew is telling us that this is a vacuum
beige I have had one of these back home
and it like goes into the wall I don't
know where where does it end up though
yes let's do it
I guess we're vacuuming the spider wait
wait I have never seen this before
but it's not doing why all right I guess
you turn it on right here are you ready
I'm ready
yeah how do you turn on how do you turn
it on oh oh who did it all right suck it
up suck it up suck it up Oh twist it up
like yeah how many white girls does it
take to get a vacuum head oh I think
this comes off ring yeah big okay I'm
touching it whatever oh never ending
line
get inside all right you're good yeah
for sure this is the third giant spider
I seen what so we're looking at some
betta fish and I can't believe they are
like cool with just sitting in cups like
this that's like this I know but like I
guess it shows that betta fish really
don't care at all I don't know I like
this one a lot though but we definitely
want to look at the goldfish possibly
something here something nice black and
modern
maybe matte black matte black possibly
Coralie ooh what about some rocks I'm
gonna get any wrong I kind of liked me
remember in the story look really cool
how is it's just really simple oh we're
Oh bad yeah true it's in here oh my gosh
a kite is so cute even baby I'm so cute
guys I found the one I want this little
baby do you think they're gonna get as
large as these flowers Caroline don't
wait your he used to have goldfish like
this back at home over they heard the
little brain uses oh yeah little bit
back tail
oh wow it's so big so we decided that
we're gonna go with betta fish because
in the long run they're easier to take
care of and honestly I just I would feel
really bad to have a goldfish below or
comfortable getting a betta fish because
like I've happened before and like
they're very easy to take care of yeah
that we like we're just starting off the
fish and we start off exactly there's
that one this one is really really
pretty and then these two are also
really pretty I just don't know I kid
you not guys drew has been changing his
mind maybe 20 times I think I'm going to
do this little guy right here you guys
gonna dog let's go check him out oh yeah
I'm doing this one he's so cute or she
just happened right oh my god
I love this one oh he wants to play nice
love there they have the cutest little
faces he's just standing there
he is so cute he is so cute he's like oh
my gosh oh my gosh they're just watching
looks so much drama going on here me
felony
I'll just buy I don't know
garlic smell for short these channels
looking so good tonight
so guys yet again we changed our minds
I'm thinking of Giselle rather than
Melanie what's yours Carlo Carlo I'd
like we're pretending it's a girl
yeah we're pretending it's a girl
because it's super a locater girl it
doesn't like a girl oh my god Carlo you
are rocking this bowl oh yeah I don't
even know if I want to put black rocks
in mine maybe a few it's gonna look good
around right yeah okay so I got some
little black stones to put into mine we
have the same bowl so I'm gonna go bring
this up right now and test it out there
you go Giselle oh you're home oh you
look great in your home you're my
precious so precious totally didn't vlog
this but we went to lemonade to get some
lunch and we had like a little meeting
with our landlord I'm just talking about
a few things that we need to fix or
cleanup or whatever stuff like that and
now we're going to get ready to roller
skate with zile Hall I'm really excited
to see who goes and I haven't roller
skated in a very long time so it will be
very fun where injuries room or injuries
room and we finish her now
I'm a mess right now every Bowl just
messes right now so how's your first day
um honestly I feel like mentally out of
it and exhausted however I've been
really productive Wow um I've gotten a
lot of stuff done I've got a lot of
things in pattern this is a really bad
ankle this is just overall just angle um
but we didn't go rollerskating as you
can see it ended up being like an hour
away
and we only had like half an hour until
we're supposed to be there or like less
time actually I don't know so we just
didn't didn't end up going we've been
sitting on Drew's bed with Kelly you're
dreaming furniture shopping I bought my
bed but it's not coming until October oh
I really really tried to find a bed that
wouldn't be able to you know be shipped
ASAP but I just couldn't find anything
that matched up to my expectations and
she found the water no standards worth
the wait
yes it is worth the way Claudie and I
are gonna have a night end tonight
because other people are going to a
party but not us notice because
beautycon is tomorrow and we don't want
to like stay up and like a not to be
prepared and stuff so hey I know you
guys are okay who's after that Lincoln
here
um Emily hit a hearing Kayleigh Oh Jules
look at you an intern Beauty come here
to bed Emily oh so Lexi is about to do
us a little a knife haul I'm so excited
because I love knives Go Go we have like
this weird thing for knives I just I
love cooking with knives one by one yes
good
it's smaller however has a really long
handle so it's good for stability this
is good for cutting things you know like
small fruits I know yes this bukata
it's also good for your meats that's a
good meat cutter
it's very serrated very everyday sort of
knife it has mark I've sold times it's
not sorry it's very close like I'm just
kidding guys I don't know is great for
sandwiches it has a pleasant lead so you
can get to the end of the peanut butter
jar and not leave anything behind out we
have the big knife this is your butcher
knife it's great for watermelons okay
for those tough jobs that you just don't
know what to use you use this need to
cut a bitch oh the knife
what do you that for angel cake like a
baby when when do we need angel cake
angel food cake here strawberry
shortcake it's summertime we can make it
with anyone you soon and there you go
this is just great for hot loafs of
bread it's not going to crumble or
squash your bread just going to cut
right through it so nicely you don't
hold on everyday but you're going to be
glad you have it thank you for watching
my name and subscribe
