you guys oh my god before we even get
into the vlogmas intro I have a huge
announcement for you guys and I'm so so
excited to be sharing this video I made
my own bouquets I collaborated with
wildflower cases to create this bad boy
for you guys I seriously feel like we've
been trying to make a case for so long
and then the time worked out we both had
an idea that we loved and we just came
up with this one right here so as you
can see there are white roses which are
literally my favorite always have it on
the house but I like these because
they're a little more like sketchy and
edgy and I love like the little thorns
and everything it looks kind of pink in
this angle but it's definitely more of
like a nude background we wanted to keep
a neutral background it's kind of
balance out like the feminine flowers if
you guys want to match me and we're the
same phone case on your cell phone I
will have the link down below on where
you can purchase this you can get it for
the iPhone seven eight or you can get
into the plus size very limited quantity
so if you see that it's still in stock
get it do not wait because once these
sell outs they're gonna be restocked in
March of next year which is a long time
from now so I want you guys to get on it
I'm so excited oh my gosh I'm just so
happy with it enough about this phone
case let's get into the vlog
hello everyone welcome to vlogmas day 5
a few things okay I don't know if you
guys are gonna be able to tell but I
moved my bar cart over there I realized
why am i showcasing at my garbage can
when I could be hiding that under the
stairs and instead be showcasing my
Burkhard yeah also probably gonna look
super orange in this vlog at least for
the majority of it I put self tanner on
this morning and you're not allowed to
wash it off until like six hours later
so I'm gonna go like do things and run
errands it's a lot right now but then
when you shower it off it's like a nice
natural-looking layer just right now
it's gonna be a little crazy and every
hour just gets a little darker so we
need to go do things we just finished
some Christmas shopping which is great
cuz I didn't realize this but my flight
is tomorrow night at 1 a.m. so I thought
I was leaving on the 20th but like I'm
basically leaving on the 19 there's like
totally someone watching me vlog right
now this is so funny oh my god that was
so awkward hope again I could feel up
staring at me the whole time as you guys
saw I just went to a low which is a
workout store out here literally the
best workout clothes in the entire world
like such high quality can't say enough
I took care of some Christmas shopping
and now I'm driving over to Becca's to
pick her up and we're gonna go get some
stay I swear to God like me and Becca
are the only ones left in town I feel
like all my friends are either in a
different country right now or they're
back home and so both of us have just
been trying to like make plans every day
but like we've either been like too lazy
or too sick and we're like you go over
no you come over and regenerate itself
which is just friggin amazing sir wanted
to split your liver in half and
Transplant that into two different
people mm-hmm you could do that you
could
uh-huh and actually if you're an adult
donor they can cut off a portion a
child-size portion yeah and give it to a
kid and chuck this is so great it grows
along with the kid I have like Raj yeah
but I'm saying if you want what is the
best advice you've ever been given oh my
god yeah actually the best advice I ever
got was onset number three my movie
probably coming up one day um my first
JD said to me he said it was like a day
that we weren't like gonna finish and we
were all like sad cuz a lot of stress
okay cool and he said focus on the donut
not the hole so don't focus on the stuff
that you're not getting focus on like
all of the good stuff that you were able
to get oh I love that metaphor isn't
that cute what you should really like
spend your time worrying about and
thinking about or is like the stuff that
you are given and the things that you
have rather than the things that you do
I like that it was good don't mind my
super baggy mom jeans they're like very
loose cue the fast-forward clip
are you guys so I just hung up this
mirror and I'm so happy with it I just
feel like it's giving the room like more
dimension and it's bouncing off more
lights I'm super happy about this this
mirror is from Umbra calm I'll link it
down for you guys but I love it because
this frame is actually rubber so it
helps to like grip on the wall and it's
not too heavy it just has a string in
the back
I think the black edge works perfectly
with the black carpet yes oh yes oh yes
right jump cut to nighttime I'm
realizing how many things I need to get
done before I leave for Chicago tomorrow
so internally I'm a little you know it's
gonna be fine all gonna be fine
I swear we're fine I'm doing some
laundry right now for things that I need
a pack also I started setting out
different like clothing articles and
outfits that I want to bring to Chicago
with me so I need to start playing into
my suitcase but I'm taking a quick break
to block you guys I want to show you a
few things like home decor wise because
we haven't talked about that in this
second and I know that you guys love
that I love it we all love it so I
actually want to show you guys if you
have like the different printed art
pieces that I have maybe also will help
me figure out where I should put them
because I'm still also figuring that out
first things first how do we feel about
the bar cards I don't know if it's like
too much is it too much is there too
much glass happening I don't know I feel
like if the bar cart goes here I could
like put something on the wall here
technically I could hang this thing but
it does feel a little small to be on the
wall maybe not that rhymed yeah I
decided to put my little Chicago style
picture into this picture frame that I
got from HomeGoods if you guys remember
but I think it looks so a party I might
actually end up putting this on that
wall we'll see but for now it's chilling
right there I like finally put glasses
here a lot of them are dirty so there's
nothing really there and then we have
beverages yeah what do you guys think
should we leave this here let me give
you another angle is it too much is it
too much it's too much I kind of I kind
of like it you guys kind of
to it why didn't I think of this before
also I put the garbage here for now
which is like not like the most prime
spot because you're like walking through
but it was kind of annoying having it
here because I kept feeling like I was
gonna hit my head so maybe this will
actually go right here clearly I have no
idea like what's going on in this corner
but that's okay
also I got this little basket thing how
cute is this it's from I believe all
modern calm I got like three different
sizes of it so I just have like some
blankets in there but anyways okay so
I've got these two bad boys they're both
from society6 calm I am so obsessed I
love what's going on here I love what's
going on down there
this one I think is gonna go up in my
room but I was kind of testing it to see
if it looks good right there so it might
actually go there what I like about
these is that you get a little string in
the back to hang them but for all the
urban ones that I got they just have
these little hooks and so I had to
measure two screws like into the wall
perfectly leveled and then kind of put
it on that way like that's what I had to
do with that big guy over there
definitely could have gotten my own
strength but like who owns like metal
wire you know what I mean next up I got
this one from society6 guys I went a
little crazy but I like this one for the
bathroom it's a little messy so I'm not
like showing you the bathroom really I
was originally gonna have it above the
toilet but there's just like so much
happening on this wall that I was like
okay this will need something so yeah it
says get naked and I love it last but
not least we've got this one for the
entry table when you first walk in and
I'm so obsessed with it it says get in
loser
well UFO I'm probably gonna hang this up
on the wall because when I lift it up it
just like looks so nice
I love when things are like hanging and
also this smear is already doing the
whole leaning situation fun fact this is
actually covering like a little
electrical box thing or whatever so we
just we do that anyways love this this
is pretty old if you guys remember I got
this one from Urban Outfitters this is
probably gonna go above my toilets in
the upstairs bathroom but the only
reason I haven't put up yet is because
maybe it'll go in the living room I just
I don't want to like make any permanent
decisions yet if this one doesn't go
downstairs let me show you guys where I
originally planned on having this right
there how do we feel about that also I
have no idea what to do with this could
possibly incorporate this down there but
I don't know if we would look too weird
honestly it could look kind of cool I'm
gonna I'm gonna bring it down there I
feel like this is a little too wide to
have right here especially with this
thing next to it and I like love this
thing here cuz it's just like adds
height and whatnot this is super far
away but this will do let me show you
what it would look like on the wall also
I just realized that I never showed you
guys this thing as well please excuse
the makeup that's all over here clearly
it's not organized right now but yeah
next to my desk I bought this little
it's actually like a file like office
cabinet organizer thing like it even has
one of these like little locks if you
want to but obviously I'm not using it
for that and I'm obsessed with this you
guys it already came built I just had to
screw on the wheels I got this from all
modern comm there's another basket I
just have little like rags in there cuz
I like to wipe my makeup brushes and
stuff super in love with this I just
have a bunch of products that aren't
like my everyday so I face products
here's like some ice stuff eyelashes
here we've got some lip products the
bottom of these drawers also have like
these little ridges and I actually kind
of love it because everything kind of
like holds in its place I mean clearly
I'm not like organizing it in any way
and then I just have some palettes down
there I'm still like working on this but
I'm really really pleased with it and I
think it just it looks nice I feel like
I've already shown you guys
what this looks like I mean the pillows
I love the two back pillows that I
recently added yeah I'm trying to figure
out if I want to hang that mirror up or
if we like it just kind of resting
because I want to make sure like if I
hang it up it needs to be like a little
shorter than these I don't want them to
like awkwardly be like the same height
at the top so it would only be like a
little bit higher but I'm trying to
figure out if it would look more put
together which is like always the vibe
that I'm down for so I don't know I feel
like this mirror is like a little too
short to be like the type that just sits
like this I don't know I honestly get
really proud when I don't have to clean
out my fridge before like leaving for a
super long trip because then I don't
feel wasteful and I don't feel like I'm
like throwing out too much food so check
out how empty my fridge is right now
voila so empty all that's in here is
like Lacroix and almond milks so these
will probably have to be thrown out and
sauces and the only thing that's
perishable unfortunately is a bag of
kale and spinach yeah nothing really
going on here tea lots of tea that's it
the last edible thing that I'm like down
to eat is this little smoothie guy guys
I'm obsessed with daily harvest this is
their cold brew and almond energizer
smoothie banana raw almond coffee cacao
pepper blah you see it literally like
these are so healthy so I used to have
like a bunch of like soups and parfaits
and smoothies and stuff and this is my
last one but I'm hungry and I need the
energy so let me show you guys what is
looks like you got all your little
chunks in there I'm gonna take some
coconut almond milk you just pour it to
the top okay alright alright maybe a
little more you guys are really watching
every step of this process okay
ooh this one is definitely more like a
Frappuccino it's like the most icy out
of all of them yeah you just put it back
in the cup and there you go
it's 1:20 a.m. honestly it's fine my
flights at like 1:00 tomorrow so like
I'm getting my body used to it but you
guys I'm getting so much work done I
basically edit this entire vlog and also
I edited my main Channel video for
tomorrow and actually I wanted to talk
about that
with you guys because first of all I
didn't want to like scare you and all of
a sudden like my contents gonna seem a
little different or something last week
I actually hired a shooter editor to
come to my house and help me film four
videos in one sitting in a day just to
get it done faster and when it comes to
sitting down videos I feel like at this
point it's an investment for me to hire
someone else to just edit that stuff
because it's a little more tedious and
they can make you look fancy and all
this stuff so basically tomorrow's video
I guess today's because when this goes
up that's gonna go up as well they're
gonna go up at the same time that main
channel video is the first one that is
coming out of the for overall I'm like
super happy with how it came out because
I just received all 4 today
I personally went in and I did like some
of my own edits to kind of like chop it
up at zoom ins make it a little more
fast-paced I want you guys to go onto
that video and tell me what you think
about the two like different camera
angles because that was like one of my
big things that I was so excited about
having like really pretty shots of me
like holding things in real time Jake
did a really great job at just like
going back and forth on like the
different angles I feel like the
close-up one for some reason has like
some weird contrast filter on it I
didn't do that I don't know if like the
camera came out like that or if he did
that so I'm gonna keep that in mind for
next time but overall I'm like super
happy I think the music is a little
different yeah let me know you guys
think anyways so I basically just spent
a little bit of time chopping through
that and I basically have it done I'm
just gonna add like some final touches
in the morning like hello hi fancy
little close-up shots who is a youtuber
oh my gosh since I'm done with that it
is time for me to wash my face brush my
teeth and go to bed I'm so excited thank
you guys so much for watching today's
vlog I feel like we're finally getting
up and doing things which is awesome
we're not just lung and butt for
Kentucky thank you guys so much for all
your sweet comments
I'm not kidding like in yesterday's
video where I talked to you guys about
like different quotes and I was reading
the book and everything you guys were
saying that like wow I feel like I'm
gaining brain cells and
I love like getting motivated by blogs
and everything and I just I love hearing
that so freaking much the fact that I'm
like able to positively impact your
guyses days or weeks or viewpoints on
things I love it that is what I'm here
for that is why I'm doing this
seriously amen love logging that's good
night I'll see you tomorrow bye
