hey guys so it is a new day and
currently with Maddie and Kelly that was
like an instinct wave right there
so Drew and I are going to be going on a
little adventure today I wonder if he's
clothed let's go see anything no he's
making breakfast
but anyways Drew and I are going to a
One Direction concert today and we need
to meet at Z style all offices tell my
name oh well done
so Marvel shirt we're going to San Diego
today to go to One Direction concert and
it's gonna be quite an adventure we have
to be at Star Hall at 12 and then like a
bus 12 it's 11:40
wait we leave it well what is cake and
there's this whole schedule going on I
don't know I'm excited so yeah so drew
and I it just got to the W Hotel because
we're waiting for everyone else and the
boobs is here to this hotel is so pretty
wow that's gorgeous you're sitting on
this little couch thing and we're just
waiting I'm so impressed we've gotta
pull the pole my knees were all right
work work
kyle is teaching drew how to pole dance
go oh my god
we finally got here and we all have to
pee is so freaky you fell asleep in a
party bus for an hour like me and
Claudia were literally popping for two
hours I woke up and never look like yeah
you were you're out for an hour so I
just woke up and I'm like very confused
what's going on right now but we just
made it to the Cheesecake Factory store
about to eat some dinner and PR so
Brittany I need makeup from one to ten
how bad do you want to piss yourself
Breanna yeah
the appetizers came out and there is
just so much food everywhere oh my god I
just had some ahi tuna now it looks
disgusting I really should just turn
this off now I'm so sorry
alright guys is this not the most
overwhelming salad the entire world to
muesli they don't mess around at the
Cheesecake Factory over here we've got a
side a side of fries this restaurant is
thank you here's my salmon salad all
right articulate the classic mash look
II know there's no room on the table so
you just kinda gotta gotta hold it
is it good No disappointing it's really
it's true our needs are so good that's
pretty good pretty good seeing a bunch
of you guys right now there's actually
like a lot of
we concert just finished and we are
walking back to our bus it is such a hot
mess right now
alright I'm gonna start my clip after
she's done but yeah it was like pretty
impossible to fight Claudia audio it
took us a long time to find it but we
found it we're on the way and overall
the concert was awesome it was bumping
dancing over all over now for a
three-hour drive home or something along
that time enjoy this is so cute we
stopped at Denny's
and such and we all fell asleep I got
really excited because I thought we were
home so that all the lights came on I
was like yes no just kidding we're
probably like you halfway or something
like an hour maybe an hour and a half
left no I'm gonna cry what's the time
right now it's 134 is 134 a.m. guys
wanna be in my bed so we just got home
and it's about like 3:30 right now
someone go get ready for bed Jack Alex
and Jen are actually in Cabo right now
celebrating Jon's birthday which is so
cool um so jackets at home right now a
drew just pieced out in his room and got
Emily Gilley sleeping in our place like
she was supposed to land tonight here
she's been at home for the week but I
think she missed her flight so she's
probably coming tomorrow I don't know
but we've just got a lot of people
coming in and out of her house thank you
for watching today's video I hope you
guys enjoyed it and also thank you so
much as stylehaul first sending us to go
to one Direction's concert that was
awesome I've never been to one of their
concerts before I saw them live at like
the iHeartRadio Festival I think but it
was very good it was super fun I'm just
rambling so I'm gonna go get ready for
bed
and I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
