hey guys
so I've had quite the busy morning
basically I started off my day by
driving over to stylehaul to have a
quick meeting with my manager after that
I had a scheduled nail appointment to
get my nails done
so I'm actually in the parking lot right
now and I just got them done but I'm
very happy with them they're like a
really pretty muted army green kind of
color I don't really know I wanted to
get more of like a darker army green
color but this is the closest thing that
they had I'm not complaining though I'm
really happy with them next up I am
going to wasteland because I want to
pick up these boots that I'm wearing
right now because mine are so worn in
they look ugly like the laces are
ripping up and they look really gross
and worn out so I really want to get a
new pair since I'm in the area and then
after that I have to stop by Z Gallerie
to pick something up and possibly buy
something else so you guys will see that
in the bits but now I need to drive and
there's no way I'm vlogging and driving
because I am like the most careful
driver now which is a good thing
but let's go always land
so I just went to wasteland and I ended
up getting nothing there I was very
disappointed to see that they don't sell
the shoes anymore
so I think I'm just gonna buy like new
laces because that's pretty much the
biggest issue that I have with these
shoes but I stopped by this other like
boutique store on Melrose that I really
like it's called the shop and I got two
little robbers oops the first one I
really would never expect myself to wear
something like this because it's not
only my style but it looks really really
cute on it's got like this really
colorful pattern and has a really low
cut so it looks really good on the
boobies and then I also got this simpler
black one which is right up my alley
it's just got buttons in the front and
it's like a 2-inch sleeve it's really
cute and flowy might wear it for
beautycon and just style it somehow I
have no idea what I'm wearing for
beautycon it's literally in like two
days but now I'm gonna go head over it
to Z alright this is the clock that I'm
picking pop it's all the way up there if
I can zoom in oh it is beautiful I can't
wait so I'm making myself a smoothie
Bowl I'm just putting some spinach
frozen fruit and bananas in my blender I
went a little crazy on the toppings as
per usual but this looks so good it's
like a pretty green color once I came
home I had a package waiting for me and
I believe it is a white marble side
table from cb2 I actually didn't check
the return address but I'm gonna go get
a pair of scissors alright guys we're
gonna do a little unboxing
we've got some legs I believe some more
legs and the piece of marble that's
really really heavy I guess I'm gonna go
build this snow and get back to you guys
so I've actually gotten a lot done since
I last talked to you guys so for
starters the table I believe that's
where I left you guys off I built it
here it is it's beautiful that kind of
ties in with the marble little garbage
can also the clock that I picked up here
it is I'm so conflicted with this
because I know how beautiful it would
look above like the fireplace or
somewhere in the house but at the same
time I want to see if just in case if I
don't get like a new bed with a higher
headboard then I could totally put it
right there too so I'm just kind of
holding off with this for now and you
know we're gonna see what happens with
that and then also well BAM I put my art
up it was not that hard but also not
that easy this painting has maybe like
three or four holes behind it because
this one kept being like a little bit
higher or something because I think this
string behind this one was tighter than
this one I don't know it just wasn't
like ideal but now they're pretty much
even so I'm very happy with it and now I
can finally display my little rock book
ends with a nicer area unstuff so yeah
that's it looks like I just realized
this is gonna be such a cool filming
background oh my god I have so many
different ways that I could film my
videos now I can fill them outside in my
chair I could have this in the
background I can do my computer or like
this corner once it's done oh my god I'm
so excited to film like main channel
videos in this room but anyways right
now I'm getting ready for dinner because
a bunch of us are going to dinner for
Kelly's birthday cuz her birthday's
today yeah I've never
to the restaurant that we're going to I
believe it's called boa so I'm really
excited so I have chose my outfit I'm
wearing it this like flowy crossed gray
top from Topshop and it like goes lower
in the back and then I'm just wearing
some black jeans little boots and my
black purse but as well as all of these
butts butts butts butts all the butts so
we're at boa Steakhouse and pictures to
figure out what we want
wait was that Wow Emily is helping the
chef make the salad I needed that I want
to respond oh my god
my garlic roasted mashed potatoes just
arrived and they are so good and so
creamy
okay guys so we're in the double right
now about to go home and the weirdest
freaking thing happened so Niall from
one direction was like in that
restaurant in the restaurant as well so
as we go Kennedy said hello
a snapchat got released of him so like
people were waiting outside and there
was this random like paparazzi guy and
the people waiting outside recognized
like a few of us and so the guy with the
camera on the light he like came up to
us and he was just like asking the
weirdest freakin questions he asked Jack
what Jack does to make himself feel sexy
and what else to ask
the weirdest place we go I locked Alex
on my balcony because she was making fun
of me that I like to eat my smoothie
bowls out on the balcony yeah you can't
get in oh yeah into it I dare you I
loved her all right you've had your
punishment time storms out
