hey guys so it is a new day and I've
actually been up for like five hours I
would say I don't know it's like the
afternoon now but basically I just got a
lot of different chores done so I like
Swiffer dand mopped up all my floors I
recycled boxes away put some self tanner
on edited some vlogs you know just the
usual stuff but today is gonna be a
really exciting day because my bedside
table comes in the mail as well as my
outdoor chair because I'm actually gonna
have one on my balcony and it is so
freakin cool
I can't wait to show it to you guys and
yeah that is pretty much all that I have
for you guys right now I'm saying
goodbye to my parents right now so I
wanted to give a little goodbye mom
thank you so much on camera mom it's
been so nice having them and you know
just you guys really brought in a very
homey vibe into the house and you guys
come out a lot so um
final words back soon with the motor
vibes
oh yeah there you go make the best
memories so I just said goodbye to my
parents because they left for the
airport but I do have a few things that
I have to do today but before I do that
I want to show you guys two pieces that
came in the mail today and I am so
excited about them I'm pretty much
excited about like everything in my room
but the first one is this bedside table
right here and now that this is
officially here I seriously do you think
I'm gonna get a new bed and I know this
bed is in good condition a lot of you
guys are like Claudia why are you
getting new furniture but honestly when
I first moved here last year I wanted to
you know stay within a budget and just
buy really cheap I can't furniture that
would last me the year and that would
look you know somewhat cute but this
year I decided that I really want to
invest in my room
get pieces that I really like and not
really set any limits so that's why I'm
buying you know some furniture that is
newer some of them I'm obviously still
keeping that's kind of the reasoning
behind that but I think that you know I
if I want to change it my room and I can
afford it then why the heck not right
it's freaking gorgeous it might be my
favorite piece in my room so basically
the legs are crisscross and it's like a
dark brushed chrome and then the drawer
is like a grayish white painted wood
with a little black handle and it is
absolutely beautiful oh my goodness
right now it doesn't match too much to
my room but once I get my other pieces
it'll definitely help tie in kind of
like that earthy vibe that the drawer is
giving off so just you wait guys it will
totally match in a bit and the second
piece of furniture is actually outside
on my balcony I knew that I wanted a
swinging chair out here and when I saw
this at Madh shop I fell in love with it
this pillow actually goes up here yeah
basically it has a black metal base and
then this part is white it has a really
nice like geometric kind of look to it
it's so comfortable it's like bouncy and
it's so perfect so yeah I bought that
from mod shop as well as the little side
table over here as far as what's going
down now I'm going to head over to Bed
Bath & Beyond because I need to pick up
some organizational bins to put
underneath my sinks to store like extra
towels and then also I want to get one
of those like laundry bin carts because
I don't really have a laundry basket I
mean I do actually it's right there I'm
such a liar
but I want to get one of those carts
that either has two or three
compartments so that I can separate like
darks from light a nice little you know
cart laundry cart would be great because
then all I have to do is just drag it
out into the hallway so that is what I'm
going to go pick up right now
literally the best invention in the
entire world's I love it so I just found
fun to stuff from Bed Bath and Beyond
and I did not blog at all because I'm a
butt and there were a lot of people and
it was really quiet in the store and I'm
just a really sucky blogger but I'm
gonna show you guys what I got once I
get home so here are the things that I
bought first starters I got some little
sandal slippers drew actually bought
these and he showed them to me and I was
like oh my god I am getting them they
are so cute they've got memory foam in
them and they're just super fuzzy so I
got those then I got a bunch of these
little command strip like refill errs
because I have a bunch of hooks and I
needed some more of the little sticky
stuff I got some ginger peach green tea
I loves green tea and they like sell
food there who freaking knew then from
my bathroom I got these little metal
mesh bins for my different makeup
products and stuff also for the shower I
got this little drain protector so that
no hair goes down the drain at least
that's what I think
yeah honestly I feel like my hair is
gonna go through that I don't know we'll
see I also got this plastic cement
colored garbage can which is going to
match perfectly in the bathroom and I
also got this white marble garbage can
and I believe I'm going to put it right
there where that little basket is I also
got a nice little white marble soap
dispenser this little thing I'm actually
probably just gonna keep like my
retainer on this honestly Oh or I could
put like rings on it or something I
don't know that's probably a lot more
appealing than a retainer I got some
smaller garbage bags for those too hey
guys so it's about 10:00 p.m. right now
and I'm with Kelly
never been on my channel so here we go
viewers me Kelly Kelly meet camera lens
which will then translate into viewers
yeah all right we get it
so basically I want to hear your guys's
input and opinions on this but literally
20 seconds ago
I found out that first of all Tyga
cheated on Kylie
you know um and the second news we found
out is also related to the Jenner's
apparently it's Scott and Kourtney are
over and I'm actually more sad about
that because I really did like them as a
couple I want to hear what you guys
think about this so comment down below
that's really sad they have like kids
and everything and yeah I guess he was
like found with another girl or
something I don't know I mean like why
am i investing so much in tonight
someone else is right I don't know
that's entertainment for you but yeah
we're pretty much just sitting here and
really doing nothing drew is at work
right now he comes at 10:00 alright ends
attend yeah so he's probably like on his
way home right now it's pretty much our
night so far
so I'm sitting here reading a bunch of
your guys's comments on my vlog so far
and for the most part most of you guys
are really liking that which makes me
really happy because I'm having really
fun with this
I remember having so much fun doing this
last year so I'm so happy to be doing it
again this year but I saw one comment
and honestly it was only like one unless
I haven't seen others in the comment was
like honestly like all these vlogs
consist of you showing off what you're
getting are you talking about what
you're getting and wanting to show it
off whatever something like that and
that is like not the reason that I want
to make this at all for the past week
obviously I've been working a bunch on
my bedroom and stuff so that's kind of
been like the focal point of most of my
days like I haven't really done very
many social things especially during the
day I'm kind of just doing my own thing
and you know buying things for my room
and stuff so pretty much that's like the
only thing that I have to talk about
this week I guess so I guess I just
wanted to get your guys's
opinion on that I do not want to rub off
in that way at all I know that a lot of
you guys appreciates my interior design
taste or whatever you want to call it I
personally love doing it so freakin much
like I am obsessed with putting pieces
together and making a room look really
cute so this has been really fun for me
and you know I think it's cool to watch
someone go through a huge creative
project like this and see kind of like
what they think will go together and how
their vision actually comes to life and
all this stuff and like the things that
you know you find that others would be
like oh my god that's not gonna match it
all and then you put it in and it fits
perfectly and stuff like that I don't
know it just fascinates me and it gets
me really excited and it just gets my
creative juices flowing and pumping um
so for the most part I'm just gonna keep
doing what I'm doing but yeah I just
don't want to come off in that way at
all it's really just me wanting to show
you guys like what I'm doing with my
room in my whole creative process and
stuff because I'm really really excited
about it so that is my little speech for
the night so I'm about to get ready for
bed but I quickly wanted to end off
today's vlog so Kelly and Emily are
currently staying with us it's Kelly's
birthday right now and us five we're
just kind of chillin we ran over to
Ralph's and we was wearing a blanket it
was pretty ridiculous but was really
funny I forgot to bring my vlog camera
which is so dumb yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and I'll see you
guys next time
bye
