good morning everyone
so today is going to be really exciting
because I'm going to be doing some
furniture shopping so we'll be going to
Z Gallerie and the amalgams Trading Post
which is kind of like a flea market
where people sell their own things and
you can buy their things but I'm going
to start off this vlog by showing you
guys my closet because I finished it
last night
and I didn't really show you guys my
organizational process time to flip this
around which thank God because I just
will go up and I'm like uh when you walk
in through my bedroom this is what you
see to the right so this is kind of like
my fancier side of the closet so right
here I don't really have any system I'm
kind of putting like longer dresses and
maxi dresses here because this is pretty
much what it's made for obviously I've
got two longer boots up there like
knee-high boots shoes going down here
over here in this corner I have like my
more casual dresses and robbers and
t-shirt dresses and then up here as you
can see there's not very many shirts
because these are like my fancier shirts
or dressier tops then right here I'm
still totally working on this but I
think I'm just going to display some of
my purses that looks really ugly up
there I'll figure it out then going into
these drawers the first one has my
skirts or like skorts whatever they're
all black leather
we've got skirts in here over here we've
got some rompers and a dress that I
can't hang and then down here we've got
a cardigan and my maxi skirts then on
this side we have some more fancier
dresses yeah and then on this rack I've
got the majority of my t-shirts or like
you know tank tops as well but these go
to the normal length and they're just
more casual every single day shirts and
then above that I have all of my crop
tops I am obsessed with crop tops as you
can see and I have way too many I don't
I have anything in this here I'm keeping
some dust bags for prices and such not
really sure if I'm keeping my perfumes
here yet but that is where they're at
for now and here we've got some purses
and backpacks more purses beach towels
bathing suit tops bathing suit bottoms
so for now that is all that I have on
that side and then over to the left it
looks like this so going over here
most of these are like pretty empty yeah
these two are empty these have like my
little brandy melville JAMA shorts and
stuff over here we've got sports bras
sports shirts and tops workout shorts in
here in this one we've got leggings
pajama tops and pajama bottoms literally
have one pair in there right now because
I'm wearing another and the others are
dirty then over here I'm going to have
all my pants so I've got some overalls
up here jeans sweatpants things like
that here I've got like my heavier
winter jackets and coats and then
leather jackets right here over here
we've got all my flannels then I have
not organized this either I've got some
sunglasses and jewelry it looks so ugly
right now
but some of them are still boxes so I
have to go get those but then in here
we've got bras underwear socks um some
random things there's just random things
on the bottom I don't even know yeah
then over here we've got like my hoodies
and nutty's and more casual sweatshirts
and below that I have like my fancier
cardigans and sweaters now to the right
I've got kind of like my lighter jackets
so they're not as heavy as the other one
so I've got like some denim jackets and
then it kind of fades into more like
long sleeve shirts that go buttoned up
and stuff like that then this rack is
going to be reserved for anything that I
buy that's new and basically what I'm
going to do is anytime I buy something
new I'm going to put on this rack and
once I
where it then I will put it in its place
so it'll be a really good reminder to
wear like the new things that I have
I've actually had this for a while but I
still haven't worn it out yet so I just
put that there but it's just like a
little crop top from Nasty Gal and then
down here I don't really have any system
of organization well I kind of do but
not really these are just my shorts so
I'm putting my shorts there and that is
the entirety of my closet and I'm really
happy with how it's organized I am
currently an uzi gallery with my parents
so for starters I'm gonna be getting
those two paintings up there and
probably putting them above like my IKEA
white like dresser thing so like right
in front of my bed I'm also getting this
black fuzzy pillow this mirrored floor
base and these two bookends that have
like black crystals on them it looks so
cool so I just got to the Melrose
trading post and look at him to do Megan
and I lytx um we literally like I knew
they were coming here but I didn't know
when
and like right when we were parking they
parked in the same exact parking lot it
was just meant to be use Navy
um so pretty much went to Z Gallerie got
a bunch of things on now I'm here having
a grand old time looking at some lovely
crystals
all right goodbye ladies I'll see you
later tonight go so much love so much
happiness I am capturing this moment I
bye
I'm so cute the kisses I like the
Keith's stick Casey's driving by I'm
here to reveal the arts that I've chosen
for my bedroom already piece number one
how does it look good I got a stand back
oh yes yes this is the vision so I
wanted to talk about this little corner
piece right here because you guys saw
that my dad built it but I didn't really
talk about it because I don't know if
I'm going to keep it in my room this is
what it looks like it's kind of like a
corner shelf I guess I'll show you guys
what I have on here so far really just
random stuff just to kind of take up
space but yeah candle these are the
little bookends that I got from Z
Gallerie and they look so cute they're
probably not gonna go here they're
probably gonna go somewhere more like on
top of that thing or something because I
definitely want to put these on better
display but you know for now this is
temporary and the only reason I don't
know if I'm keeping that in that corner
is because I might be getting a larger
bed because this bed is really like low
profiles so there's a lot of room on the
wall and I don't like that so like if I
keep this bed I'm gonna have to put
something above it but I've also been
looking at a different bed it's like a
queen-size and this is a full size so I
might be upgrading to a queen but also
has a higher like headboard so I can
actually get away with not putting
anything above it on the wall as far as
how it's looking right now this piece of
furniture kind of makes my room look a
little too IKEA II which I really want
to stay away from because you know the
bed just really like screams IKEA so it
might look good with
urban or if I don't change beds then
maybe I'll change that I really don't
know or I might keep it honestly like
I'm so confused about this right now it
looks pretty good though so I'm just
leaving that there hey guys so it is the
next day and look where we are we're
getting uh we're at AutoNation we are
picking up my car well fine and you know
that entire process what this were after
yes that's what I'm after we will get
the car today this is like an hour drive
so I'm like kind of tired but let's do
this fast forward six long starving
hours and I finally have my car um it
took so long it's like it's 6 p.m. right
now we got here at 12:00 and it I was
very excited walking in and I think just
by the hours we all just got like so
mentally and physically drained but you
know I'm very very happy to have my new
car everything ended up working out
there a bunch of issues and problems and
dilemmas but they all got worked out and
now we're gonna get food cuz we are
starving alright guys so we are back at
home and my desk actually came in the
mail today which is so exciting so I'm
about to build it with my parents we've
got the legs in here and the desk was
actually already made which is awesome
we just have to stick the legs on so
yeah that's gonna go right there oh it
don't look so good I can't wait they've
been building this desk for over eight
hours what I'm so sorry
of laying on the bed and waiting for
them okay okay do you need something
else do we have to do you have to bone
Claudia she's using her fake nails as
this yeah this way all right my job is
done here okay but about editing with
the goons hey what we just like singing
I just went like this so my parents just
left because they went back to their
hotel they wanted to stay at a hotel I
really know why they're not staying at
the place um yeah I feel like I'm gonna
get comments being like why don't you
pair you sad ya know they like literally
they're like no like we're parent like
we're those like we want our spaces like
alright um so they just went back to the
hotel and they're actually leaving
tomorrow I'll definitely see them
because they they fly later but yeah so
they left and Alex was here when I got
here so now we're just doing a little
bit of editing I'm married editing some
vlogs and stuff I just upload a new one
and you guys are excited and stuff you
know alright guys so here is the final
product for the desk and I am so happy
with it none of the things on here our
permanent but this is kind of what the
desk is going to look like so I'm so
happy with it basically it's got like
these little gaps right here and there's
also oh my I love you I love you too um
so like for example over here I've got
like this little white bin that I
already owned and it was perfect so I've
got like colorful stuff because you know
obviously I'm just gonna put the black
pins on top to match my room and there's
like a little drawer here I was planning
on getting a different desk chair I
might get it but honestly I'm kind of
digging the clear it actually looks a
lot better than I thought
what so as right now I'm very pleased
with my little desk work corner I hope
you guys enjoyed today's vlog and I'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
peace
