hey guys welcome to a new blog so today
is Saturday which means it is moving day
and I am so beyond thrilled so I just
woke up and quickly got ready and right
now I'm just like packing up all my
stuff I'm gonna go over over to the new
house and start putting my stuff away
because all my stuff is in the garage so
it's gonna be like a process getting
that up like two flights of stairs yeah
I'm so excited my parents are landing it
like 10:00 a.m. so they're gonna meet me
at the house and hopefully help me
unpack a little bit I don't know we'll
see and I made it to the house so right
now I'm actually in the garage cuz I
wanted to show you guys how many things
we have in the garage right now let's
just take a little overview oh my gosh
some of this is part of like Lexi's
closet their landlord is putting in so I
don't know what that's gonna look like
but here's all the things so many things
and basically I would be spending my
entire day at bringing my things up to
my room and it's going to be quite a
workout so I want to obviously show you
guys what the house looks like so this
is going to be like a empty house tour
pre move-in house tour whatever thing
it's gonna be really really echoey
because every room is empty so I'm going
to try my best like talk quiet and not
be as annoying but let's go check out
the house so walking in the house looks
like this we've got some lovely cleaning
supplies going on right here down here
is kind of like I guess like a half
basement because there's still windows
but we've got a closet there we've got
this room which is going to be like a
rec room where we have a bunch of
different things and like a posh for
like guests and stuff and then going in
here we've got Lexi's
home so this is her room and her
bathroom oh my god I love like the wood
and metal and everything and when you go
upstairs this is what you see we're
gonna make this area kind of like a
fancier living room area yeah we're
going to have like just fancier stuff
for when we have people over but just
for family nights and stuff this will be
like our living room family area
whatever so we're going to have like TV
and the couch and chairs and stuff we've
got this fireplace oh my gosh guys this
home is beautiful we're going to have
like dining table right here here's the
kitchen and it just keeps going around
to a pantry and that's what that looks
like this is gonna be our little like
concierge area where we keep all of our
mail and things like that this is like a
really cute area and then we've got a
bath in there Harry Potter's closet and
going up the stairs to the right we've
got Jack's room here it is bathroom
laundry
we've got Drew's room bathroom cabinets
over there and this is my room uh-oh
here's the best part the closet while
the lighting in here super orange but
here we have a walk-in closet I've never
had a closet this size so I'm freaking
out I'm so excited to fill up the space
and then lastly we've got a bathroom BAM
so before I start packing I must be like
I should go outside to not have a go
is this better maybe I don't know I
think it is okay so before I start
packing and stuff I want to make an
obvious statement for those of you guys
who watch other youtubers just by seeing
that little house tour some of you guys
may recognize this house or certain
bedrooms to clear that up yes Jen lauren
arden and andrea used to live in this
house basically me Lexi Jack and Drew
have been wanting to live in house for a
very long time and we spent multiple
months looking for houses to move into
and he was so freaking hard to find a
house at our age where the Landlord will
you know like accept our credit scores
and just like trust us living in their
house because you know we're like young
people so of course they're going to
have their concerns and stuff like that
so we spent so many months looking for
houses during so many different places
we like thought we found the perfect one
but a family ended up getting it over us
and it got to the point where we were
like okay we have to split up and just
do apartments Lexi and I literally like
we're about to put a deposit on this one
apartment and we already filled out the
application everything and we realized
that like the girls are moving out like
the same exact time that we were moving
in so we're like okay let's give it a
shot let's see if you know we could try
out this house and it ended up working
out I'm so excited because this house is
awesome and you know we're familiar with
n stuff we really wanted to have like
our new place to create our own memories
because you know walking in here you're
like oh this used to be so so this room
but I think eventually as we start
living in it it's just gonna become our
home and stuff like that so I just
wanted to clear that up because I'm sure
I'm gonna get a lot of comments being
like wait isn't that Lauren's room and
isn't that Jen's room so yes this is the
house that they used to live in um so
there you go yeah I guess I should just
start packing stuff up not packing
unpacking stuff up oh my god this is
going to be such a freaking workout
look who's in town hello Fionna has
arrived my dad is up over there um so
I've been packing for about like two and
a half hours I've got a lot done
actually a lot of my closet is already
filled up but we stopped by Trader Joe's
because I actually haven't eaten
breakfast yet or anything okay I'm out
of breath because I just robbed a lot of
clothes upstairs but I don't have ever
told you guys this before but basically
I grew up listening to Moby throughout
the house yeah my dad's playing music
right now through like speakers but
anyways it was just funny because it was
like you know what better way to Chris
in the house and play some good old
movie we are getting things done my mom
bought some fourth of July flowers very
cute we're working on that stuff and I'm
bringing stuff up to my room which I
will show you guys in a bit so for the
most part I've been working on my closet
today and I was so convinced that I
wouldn't fill this thing up but I really
think I am I really underestimated how
many clothes I have but this is the
progress so far got a bunch of stuff on
the floor this literally isn't all of it
like I have more suitcases for the most
part I want like my fancier stuff on
this side and then more like casual
stuff on this side that is the progress
so far so updates my dad built my bed
which I'm so thankful for but also I
bought this other piece of furniture
awhile ago but I was waiting to just
have it built once we get here but it's
basically like a little shelf thing that
goes in the corner it looks a lot more
complicated than I thought it would be
is it complicated Tata
it's like a lot of steps but Jack and
drew are here and their move errors are
starting to bring stuff in hey how
excited oh my gosh hey drew so things
are being brought in my mom just made us
appetizer it was actually adorable it
was like this like meat onion thing over
toast and he's really good and now my
mom is teaching us how to use the washer
and dryer cooking a lot tutorial from me
on it works all right slick honestly
yeah that stuff is great
here's my mom preparing our dinner for
her Instagram look at the drain it's so
festive that is the cutest thing I've
ever seen
oh my god oh she's so cute guys the same
animal look at this presentation
honestly a plus oh man all right yeah we
have nothing yes we do yeah good quality
stuff yeah I feel you
let's dig in so it is much later in the
day and me Jack and drew all got ready
because we're meeting up with our
friends or fourth of July it does not
feel like fourth of July at all because
you've been like unpacking but here is I
guess the final product of my bedroom so
far I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video and I'll see you guys for
tomorrow's vlog probably okay bye
