hey guys so we're starting off our
morning with a little bit of hair
getting action you got your cutting but
like Airbus my hair buzzing I've never
done this before what if I like hurt you
the last time and which way do you go up
like this hair down I would probably go
down yes okay okay
this is a horrible oscillating okay so
you just go like ya know like you're
gonna go that you're gonna go downwards
like oh my god wait do it what shape do
you want just like doesn't matter I
trust you
okay does it hurt no oh my god nothing
feel like anything like you're doing it
oh there we go
done I think so
great okay it's just I just did it flat
across I just like it feels great yeah
yeah this is fun a product guys give it
a thumbs up if you think it's good you
know like buzz your hair okay so
basically today is the day before we all
move so today's actually Friday and I
know that I originally told you guys
that we're gonna be moving on Friday but
the house needed a little bit more time
of like fixing up and painting and stuff
like that so we're actually moving
tomorrow but today Jack and you are
going to be packing most of their things
we still have stuff literally everywhere
so today is going to be like the busiest
day out of all of them but yeah I think
we're gonna go get some breakfast real
quick and stop by a furniture store
because there's two pieces that I'm
really really into and I think I'm gonna
buy them
I've actually been ordering so many
things I've already ordered
a desk a pillow my chair I'm keeping my
mirror I might keep my bed but I might
order a new one I don't know I'm really
really excited to start that whole
process which obviously you guys would
be a part of it but for now we're gonna
go get some breakfast and start packing
and stuff it is multiple multiple
multiple hours later I literally only
blogged like one or two clips today so
apologies on the appearance you know
we've just been doing things and I've
been editing quite a bit today but the
boys are working on packing hello I feel
like I haven't seen you all day like a
literally get heaven I know let me show
you guys around real quick so packed up
my beautiful things Lexi pretty much
packed all of her beautiful things we've
got boxes on boxes is this all like
blankets and stuff right yeah fabulous
loving the look of this who are you sad
like so many memories have been at this
table yeah no I agree it's like you know
you've lived here for like a year it was
kinda like you're looking for a year and
now you're just leaving it that's why we
want when we left we're like wow this is
the last time we're gonna be in this
apartment it's all about like a new
chapter is fine all these are all about
closing chapter
yeah so you know oh no pretty exciting
stuff
the one thing that I will not loose
about this department is how damn cold
it is all the damn time literally so
freakin cold shake my head drew is
currently telling us what's in the
freezer like as if he's reading off of a
menu so we're figuring out we want to
eat any of it tonight
yes so continue on with the food menu go
got to go
that's a no-go throw it out Asian
vegetable stir-fry no fairly decent
amount of shaking strikes it's a no for
me but we know for me no honestly no so
far the fries are my only Oh keep the
organic or some he's a classic let's
make it tonight but you are responsible
for bringing out over I would throw all
of it out personally it was a Costco
trip guys
I don't have a car kick $48 oh my god no
good good save that doesn't want to see
the only thing I would have kept we
grasp on to the next one we have taken
Maggie to impress me that was super
close but I am the president so as a
celebration of leaving our apartment
complex
we are gonna ride some kiddy bikes down
the car ramp
I've actually will go to the side I've
actually personally never done this
before so I'm really excited but
basically here's our ride oh man oh my
god I haven't done this yeah I'm scared
oh my god oh my god is it scary all
right guys I'm the last one to do it I
have never done this before and I'm
actually kind of terrified
it may or may not have been out of focus
yeah
angry mom coming down like why you down
kids
very stressful weekend with your father
okay go take your aspirin a little bit
and five six five six seven eight shoo
boo bop photo foam oh man I'm a Wilder
just appears in the I'm looking rough
right now but it's like 12 a.m. right
now and we actually just ran over you
know physically ran over to the house if
we spray today we just did a quick
little jog we dropped off a few things
at the house because I personally had
quite a bit of things and I didn't want
to have too much so that I could just
take one drive tomorrow morning because
soon tomorrow's the moving day so I just
wanted to film this real quick to say
goodbye to you guys yeah friends
roommates cuties goodnight I love you
wait you're already sleeping gonna for
you guys apparently so yeah tomorrow's
moving day I'll be showing you guys the
house and all that stuff I'm so excited
to show you guys and I'm just so excited
to move also wait like retainer mine
also I didn't mention this but my
parents are actually coming tomorrow
they're not staying with us they're
gonna have their own hotel but they're
gonna be in LA from Saturday to Tuesday
because they're helping me buy my next
and also I want to quickly mention that
a the car accident was not my fault it
was on the freeway and it was a
three-car collision and the car in the
front was records recklessly driving and
stopped out of nowhere which caused the
car in the middle to slam on their
brakes and stop which then caused me to
slam on my brakes and skin into their
car so wasn't my fault at all I reacted
as fast as I could but you know we're on
the freeway so it's going really fast
this is turned into such a long story
I didn't think I was gonna go into full
depth but I saw a lot of comments about
it on my latest video and everyone's
like it was probably her fault but it
wasn't I wasn't on my phone I wasn't
doing anything I reacted as quick as I
could and the first car I actually drove
off he didn't give us any information so
it was pretty yes I am it was pretty
much like a hit and run situation so
that answers your questions on how the
accident happened everyone was fine and
okay but it was just the stupidest and
most ridiculous thing ever because that
freaking driver like why would you stop
on the freeway I don't know it has
caused so much stress and mmm time and
money also the second question that I'm
getting a lot is everyone's asking
Claudia how are you like buying another
car cars are expensive car insurance yes
car insurance is paying for most of the
car I do have to pay a little bit but
I'm paying that on with my own money
obviously you guys know that my parents
you know do not pay for anything anymore
like they have it for years so that's
pretty much the questions that I've been
you know getting about the car but yeah
my family not my family but my parents
are coming tomorrow so you guys will see
my mom and the dad and I think we're
gonna buy the car on like Sunday but I
think it'll be closed on Sunday
definitely closed on Saturday cuz fourth
of July so maybe Monday I don't really
know but I'm really excited and this
clip is four minutes oh my god I hate
myself I'll just see you guys tomorrow I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
yeah cool all right
yeah just get a like you know do those
things maybe comment I don't know
all right guys
