hey guys so today marks the first
official vlog of my moving series I
guess I don't know I'm really excited to
vlog during this time period but Lexi
and I have had a very long and
overwhelming and just crazy 24 hours
we've basically just been packing up our
entire apartment and I am officially
done with everything in my room and
closet everything I've done a lot in the
kitchen and stuff we still Lexi still
working on her bedroom and there's
definitely a few more things in the
kitchen that we need to pick up but I
wanted to show you guys B progress so
far cuz it's so weird and empty in my
room okay so actually got rid of my desk
because I want to get a new one when I
move and I cannot take this ledge off
with the freakin walls so I'm just gonna
ask the moving company if they can just
take it off the wall and throw it out
we've got mirrors and such I like
destroyed the walls in here for some
reason there's this really weird mark on
the wall that was behind a frame and I
tried washing it off and it just ruined
it even more so we're just gonna let
that be but I've packed up all of these
as well I'm gonna tape them shut so I
have like bathing suits and all that
good stuff so I packed a bunch in there
here oh my god Lexi introduced me to the
space bag I mean I knew what they were
but I never knew that people actually
use them and when she first moved here
she had them and I was fascinated
so I actually bought a bunch of them
these are the extra-large ones so I have
a bunch of sweaters and blankets and
everything more stuff you can see my
beautiful socks and yeah a bunch of
blankets and pillows and such my empty
closets I packed most of my hangers in
here because if you guys follow me on
Twitter you would see how many freakin
hangers I own and I didn't know what to
do with them but I just put them in here
and shoved a bunch of clothes underneath
them we've got my good old computer I've
got stuff packed up for this week which
I'm going
to talk about in just a second but these
are the things that I will be living
with for the rest of the week as well as
these two purses here we've got my good
old mirror with all the little hooks and
stuff so I just taped them in a bag so
that I could bring that with me my
bathroom is completely empty I have like
this box of products closed bathroom
stuff more breath and stuff I believe
more bathroom stuff and light bulbs and
then here is our beautiful apartment oh
my god if they come in half an hour
we're screwed
okay so I'll try to show you guys what's
going on here so we've got this box with
a bunch of stuff in it you have a lot of
like shoe boxes that we're filling
random stuff with for the most part
these are all pretty much empty um but
we've got more boxes here so here's like
a lot of the kitchen stuff we just put
them into individual ones here's some of
Lexi's things oh my god this is crazy so
not to explain what's going on I'm sure
a lot of you guys are wondering are you
still living with Lexi um where are you
guys moving where I'm moving all that
stuff I'm here to answer them right now
on Lexi's bed why my god is huge fight
and we hate each other we're not living
with each other anymore
so goodbye all yeah let valuing and that
is the last time you're going to see her
in my blogs ever no just kidding
basically Lexi and I are moving into a
house with Jack and drew I'm so freaking
excited guys we have been planning this
for so long trying to find houses it was
the most stressful thing ever we were so
close to just like splitting up and
getting apartments again oh by the way
the reason why we're moving is because
when you rent out or lease an apartment
usually the lease is only like 12 months
and then from there you decide if you
want to continue living in the
apartments or if you want to move and we
just decided that we want to change up
locations the place that we're living in
honestly is pretty expensive or what
we're getting in return and we also just
really want to live with more people so
we're very very excited and the reason
why I have things packed up for this
week is because Lexie and Isley's
actually ends earlier than Jack Andrews
ours ends today we have to move out
today the official moving day is Friday
so until then we're going to be staying
at Jack and Drew's place so that's why I
have a bunch of things that I'm bringing
over there so our official move-in day
is July 3rd when we all move in together
so it's gonna be a crazy week but I am
so freaking ready for it oh um and yeah
that's pretty much what's going on it's
it's gonna be awesome
right now I need to head to the bank to
go get a check for our new landlord and
you know figure figure out what to do
with all this it's gonna be a really fun
day so it is a few hours later and the
moving company should be here in like
five minutes
or something like that I don't know
they're taking a long time it's like
4:20 right now but I just got sushi post
made it over to me post meat is
basically like uber for food but can you
just appreciate the delicacy and
beautifulness of this oh so good focus
focus funk and there you go um so the
movers are here and they were actually
working pretty quickly so my room still
has stuff in it my closet is empty
Lexi's currently giving a house tour
right now that's true share all the
stuff oh my room the laundry room the
bathroom I don't even know why I'm
vlogging anymore I'm just kind of
showing you guys around
but I guess here is the progress right
I'm so tired
yeah our backs hurt yeah
right yeah with your lower back it's
like a need to do a little stretching
yeah small bony Bodi squats this is our
concert hall yeah I've decided because
every time we're in the mirror together
in just her and I Andrews bathroom we're
always like oh good good oh yeah oh hey
guys so it's actually two days later
because we didn't really do anything
vlog worthy yesterday basically right
now the guys are starting to pack up
their stuff so drew are you excited it's
honestly starting to feel real now like
now that you started the packing process
this is all this is drew packing exactly
um I want to show you guys all this
stuff okay this is all Lexi stuff which
I mean it's just kind of like it looks
excessive but it's really not it's just
like unfolded and stuff and here's my
little corner so currently this is our
home this little little corner right
here it kind of just feel like we're
camping a little we're staying a hotel
together because it's like four of us
into space it's only meant for two
people yes we're like oh and look
together oh my gosh so this morning was
like a great example of like um how
things are like hectic around here so
basically like I was on the phone
outside on the patio and I got my period
as I was on the phone and I was like
can I call you back I have to go into
the bathroom that Lexi's currently
showering in like hey girl can I come in
here it's just like it's like a classic
like oh my god like everyone is
everywhere you do not have any space to
do anything um you know so it's been but
this just keeps not focusing my face
it's just been a very bonding experience
this is like the pre move-in you know
see if we can all live in a tiny little
apartment yeah so far that's what's
going on so I helped Jack pack up a few
things now I'm just popping in here
how's it going it's going good we're
seeing all
donations right here okay good we're
just going to close right now and we're
banging it into this thing because like
thatwe don't know how to put in boxes
that's like literally the same thing
we're doing any drugs room yep very
smart so we're getting sushi right now
jack is actually getting some sound we
choose so we're waiting for him or he's
over there anyways roomie dinner yes
we're doing a lot roomies this is like a
family dinner
a Suchet Oh sushi oh yeah oh baby oh
baby oh mmm get it get it gonna get it
move I'm so weird
