hey guys so I feel like these photobooth
videos are becoming so repetitive on my
channel but I basically found a bunch of
random footage on my computer that just
never made it into a vlog you know some
of its funny some of it maybe not so
funny I don't know but I decided hey why
not just upload this footage because
it's not gonna go anywhere else
so I hope you guys enjoyed today's
random compilation of random clips in my
life and yeah let's get started with the
clips anyways can we just take a look at
how many cocoa pebbles are all over my
apartment so many I'm gonna there
they're gonna be stuck in this couch for
like a month guys yeah I'll give you
guys a little a little overview of
what's going on
fridge lights yeah Chad light fun stop
so many things thank you for letting me
use it actually I started vlogging today
the moment this is the moment the moment
right here
Hey hi are you oh okay we're done being
immature hey guys so it is now April
21st so we are jumping quite a bit but
today is the second part of my shoot
with Maybelline this one is not in
relation to Teen Vogue it's just
Maybelline but it's going to be very
interesting because we are going to be
filming inside of a Walmart and since we
are doing that we're gonna have to be
shooting in the middle of the night so
as far as what I know I think shooting
starts at around 9:30 p.m. and goes
until 5:00 a.m. so that's gonna be
really interesting I've never had a
shoot at that time of day and you know
we're just gonna have to stock up on
food and coffee and fuel and probably
some sleep but it's gonna be really fun
so I'm actually getting picked up by my
manager and we're gonna drive over
because it's kind of far away and
apparently the hotel is really really
cool because I saw like photos of it so
it's just gonna be a quick little
one-day trip and I'm really excited I
just got my
and makeup done in the RV and we are
filming at Walmart today I'm actually in
Riverside Walmart because apparently the
Walmart here is the best and most
appealing looking what worked in the
state or something like that it's it's a
great because it's like still open so
there's like still before here look at
this look at this little barrier they
made right here so that people wouldn't
get in patia so where do I come in
here's the secret entrance to get in
here we are about to film the first
thing today and now I'm delaying it so
I'm gonna turn off goodbye we just
finished up my first shot it was super
easy and quick basically just an
introduction to the video
so I think they totally just ruined
Claudia's shot by accidentally being in
it creepin it was like trying to she
asked me what blog for her and I think I
accidentally ruined one of her shots but
you just see me like creeping and like
running away like a little Grinch like
model looper for me there are only two
dollars - get down - get down - down
down down down for my girl go give me it
oh I hope you guys enjoyed today's video
I know it wasn't really that long or
anything but you know I thought they
were cute and I wanted them on the
Internet
also I just wanted to mention that this
is my last vlog before my moving vlogs
which is so exciting obviously I'm in a
different location right now I'm in
Jerusalem and yeah basically my next
vlog on here is gonna be day one of
moving where you guys see me pack and
all that stuff and it's gonna be a crazy
wild adventure and I'm so freaking
excited I'm not sharing any details yet
so don't even dare ask in the comments
down below and if you do know don't say
anything in the comments down below
because we're gonna get those combos and
comments rolling up once the videos
actually start because I explained
everything in the first one so just bear
with me it's probably gonna be up like
tomorrow or maybe in two days I don't
really know now I'm just rambling but
hope you guys enjoyed today's super
super super random blog and I will see
you guys for my first moving vlog very
soon bye
