hey guys so I'm starting today's vlog a
little bit later but it's about 6 p.m.
almost 7 I think it's really bright out
right now I am with Alex Andrew they're
actually sitting over them sunlight I
came in here and Shane so that I can
actually see myself clogged but we are
going to this like comedy improv Club
thing and at least we're trying to help
this is like furiously talking to our
uber driver on the phone like trying to
find each other it's just such a tragedy
I'm probably doing where am i dropping
calling anyone um because I'm around in
Beverly right so anyways that is the
plan right now we're trying to get uber
to go to this comedy thing I don't know
they've been to it and they raved about
it so I'm excited to go with them this
time
and yeah that's pretty much what's going
on well the kids are on their phone
again
oh here yeah I'm getting the same phone
but those technical things away I was
just making sure we're going in the
right place we're going to an improv
show you see be very funny we'll check
it out you know I'm so excited I'm gonna
take
Claudius sucks I'm Nutella my favorite
story of you have you ever done
something insane I don't know if we've
done anything insane we definitely had
fun oh yeah for sure for sure but like
nothing that's like out of this world
crazy well our friend Wow really
anti-climactic I'm gonna sit on it and
then I'm gonna let you guys know she'll
come back to you guys okay so we just
got out of the little like improv
singing bunny it was so funny that was
my first time oh yeah first time
watching improv
yeah and it's cool thumbs up from
Claudio seriously no no no like a plus
basically the crowd would shout out
random words and they would create a
skit surrounded by that word or like
start off with that word or whatever and
it was like really cool to watch it was
like nerve-wracking suits you're like oh
my god you like won√≠t let me go ahead
and they didn't do anything about the
elephant one of the worst of elephant
even doing they used in the first
sentence they were like okay let's stab
lished the elephant in the room
Oh
all right yeah so now we're at this cafe
it's like something Pig I honestly don't
know Alexa showed me this like months
ago but it's right down the street and I
was like hey guys let's go here and I
don't think there's see any of this yeah
there's a moon check it out check it out
and yeah that'd be so cool and then also
I know if you guys have seen this but
it's like a mini little forest thing
like I feel like we're like Peter Pan
and Tinkerbell or something and we're
just like in this in this forest I don't
know but it's pretty cool and our table
is a tree stump we didn't actually buy
something here what are you guys doing
okay ah that escalated very quickly hey
guys so it's a new day and I'm here with
okay for some reason I'm so actually I
know the exact reason I'm so inclined to
saying your name let's do love art hello
and the reason why is because I'm right
now editing the Kinect for like
tournaments oh it's not long already
gonna be up by the time you're watching
this I think so I think so I just got
any part of it or it's gonna be uploaded
before but I was the announcer for it I
hear whale X ulama eating a watermelon
so good you should have some I want some
let me update you guys on what we're
about to do right now so I actually have
to go to a car shop to go and pick up
all of my valuables and items in my car
because I actually did not talk about
this on video or on any social media
websites but a few weeks ago I actually
got into a car crash nothing happened
Jonah and I were in the car and we were
lucky enough to walk out with only few
bruises on our legs so thank God for
that but I totaled my car the entire
front of my car was crumpled and all the
fluids were you know like broken and
basically the car doesn't work so I need
to get a new car and it really sucks
because for about a week and a half
I was under the impression that they
could fix it because they said that they
would but they decided that they can't
so I need to buy a new car and there's
just this whole fiasco and we're like
working on moving it's just like the
worst timing for everything so much is
going on also I might as well show you
guys what I've done so far as far as
moving goes because I feel like I've
packed quite a bit our apartment is such
a mess honestly Ken show it to them like
yes yeah normally we'd be so embarrassed
we'd be so embarrassed but it's gone to
the point where like we're getting out
of here and we're yeah we're getting out
of here our stuff is everywhere I have
clothes to give away I have things back
there and just look at this this is this
is so bad I've already packed up a lot
of my shoes makeup products in here my
bedroom is a freaking mess right now I'm
just like taking things apart putting
them into boxes actually my closet is
like pretty dang empty now check this
out guys it is so empty compared to what
it used to look like so I've pretty much
been packing a bunch of my clothes in
suitcases in this large box and we're
getting there we're slowly getting there
but right now we're gonna go ahead to
the car shop if I actually get to see my
car I'll show you guys what it looks
like if you want to see it it'd be sad
so we just got to my car and this is
what Jess the car looks like this poor
car this is so sad what's up whazzup
with us so Lexi and I are right now
about to walk into Jack Andrews because
today we're going to a little pool party
at our friend of Meads house hello I'm
so excited I'm literally so excited for
some reason this is gonna best thinking
of summer well it's the start of summer
summer yes we are taking a little detour
and we are at veggie grill we are the
peeps peeps hello and yeah that's
ratings dinner and then we're gonna head
to the pool and I really have nothing
else to say so this is just a quick life
update catch you guys so we just got to
Omi's house which I don't think I've
ever blog with you so get Emirates real
quick me Romy's hey guys yours what's up
I love this guy
alright I want to show you guys the pool
yeah because I'm very very excited oh
yeah it's like a pool and there's a good
Jacuzzi in there and I can't freakin
wait to swim oh my gosh it's gonna be
awesome
hey hey hey yo yo yo Jack is totally
judging me right now so as per usual I
didn't film an outro so I couldn't want
to come on here and say thank you for
watching today's vlog I'm currently
editing it in a coffee shop
we're just here with the fam we're all
editing being cute and stuff ok thanks
so much for watching today's view and
I'll see you guys next
