hey guys so I am currently with Alexi
and the Guru and what we're doing we are
going indoor skydiving and I randomly
outs just like hey you guys want to do
this like last night we're like sure
yeah obviously why not yeah so that is
what we're doing right now we're waiting
for uber kids these dings the hoist on
their cell phone looking at in grams
once you put these devices down let's
put them on you don't understand phones
are really cool and you know all the
time I just don't understand what you do
in there what is this well let it fit in
there there's a compass there's a
calculator
I can send who's my closes uh-huh that's
perfect for them because they're mom we
are it's calibrating technology look at
the nature Northwest we met up with Alex
I don't we met up with Alex look at my
bald spot for days I have the power
okay so we're here this is high diving
saying and I want to show it you guys
it's pretty intimidating because
everyone is watching but you know maybe
we'll still do it
can anyone recognize the wall where
we're at where are we
much that was the stupidest like yeah
and since I didn't know how to wear
lodge okay yeah we're trying to teach me
what everything means yep and I think
I'm pretty well well educated uneducated
yes so we took a little detour because
we're still kind of it be about the
skydiving just because it's not at all
what we expected it's like and it's very
humbling it's so public and like the men
are just all up in you and you know just
touch you talking to you and so you know
we decided to come here unfortunately
some of us are gonna be doing it I just
don't know if it's worth the money
because it really just seems very like
it's - like hope you like you just like
hold you in it I don't know I mean
here's what they have to say but these
suits aren't so good
a beautiful cabinet beautiful beautiful
photo with you all right do your thing
oh man that's impressive wait I need to
get some good footage for this like
can't we all move in say the start yeah
my god
oh my god that is so cool
ah
oh my oh my god what we are out to
dinner right now or eating sushi and the
dude just came and it looks so freaking
good let's just take a little gander
there's mine we're not even talking yeah
all right wait so if you guys haven't
seen a dance channel as magicians so
here we go classic rich it you you tap
you check the out of that it's like
my talent what do we do once I didn't
choose this alright so here we have the
card across the face yeah you ready yeah
are you really yeah yeah take the card
you got the jumper have you got the
jumper or no you've never heard of the
Jumbo G's wrong hard push it into the
middle
we'll try it again that wasn't really
fair because that was your first time
looking at the trick right so you gotta
you gotta be able to keep up with the
app we'll take the card or defend it now
you can see exactly where the card goes
because it is effects watch you ready
for this one
so our final destination for tonight is
Jack and juice place this planning is so
bad at all yes yes I'm actually going
home right now because it's about 1:00
a.m. and I'm super tired I think Lexi's
staying here because she's a crazy one I
don't know how she does but everybody
bye good bye I look like a I love
you
