I had to blow my nose yeah hey guys
welcome back to vlogmas it is dead for
fun fact
war is my favorite number I'm slowly
starting to feel a little better I just
edited and uploaded vlogmas day 2/3 I
didn't vlog it all yesterday which I
feel so bad but it's fine I was just a
potato all day yesterday I actually saw
Lucas last night which was great and I
didn't freaking bought the camera which
it makes me really sad but we had such a
great night I'm probably not gonna see
him for two months because he is going
to Europe he's like backpacking in
Europe all alone doing his thing because
he's like a adventurous individual who
does things like that he starts shooting
a movie like right when he gets back to
and he doesn't get back until like mid
January cells like shoot welp see ya
then I ended off with us just being like
oh my god I can't believe there was a
point in time where like we didn't know
each other and that just blows my mind
we've been here this is this has been my
morning and I literally cannot control
or do things you know all those movie
couple scenes you know the guy that
they're all like brushing their teeth
next to each other like that just like
wouldn't happen in my world because
literally like it do like this you know
I cutest toothbrush in the entire world
are you kidding me I'm obsessed this
toothbrush is for the brand quit they
asked if I want to try it out and it was
actually really perfect timing because I
haven't switched my old toothbrush for a
very long time which is a thing that
like you should be doing every three
months the reason why I realize this is
because when you get these toothbrushes
you can also like set a refill plan
where you get new brush heads and new
freaking toothpaste every three months
that starts at five dollars with free
shipping worldwide these are so
incredibly affordable and that's why I'm
like yes literally starts at $25 and
it's like the slimmest sleekest cutest
little thing ever you get this like
little holder
and it's suction cups onto glass and
mirrors and stuff and then when you're
traveling you can just close it like
that every 30 seconds the toothbrush
pulses letting you know to like brush a
different portion in your mouth because
you're supposed to brush some quarters
so like top right top left bottom right
bottom left and then after two minutes
it like does like a final pulse and then
it stops it tells you when you should
stop brushing your teeth if you guys
want to look as cool as me when you're
brushing teeth you can go to get quick
comm slash Claudia or just click the
link in the description box the first
150 of you to get on that will get 50%
off for themselves or for a gift to
someone this is a great gift for the
holidays it's time to go with some
breakfast hey when you still have in
grocery shop yet so you ordered food B
when you don't know what you want so you
order two things it's okay I'm gonna
like split them and eat them for lunch
too but I got like a healthy egg
scramble and some almond power pancakes
with that I am watching some Jim and
Andy which is an incredible documentary
I guess you guys have to watch it Wow
I'm blown away
a few things definitely be like
from those pancakes why why did I order
them all so Jim Gary's documentary holy
crap if you guys have Netflix and you
have free time today or tomorrow or
something and you're looking for
something watched freaking watch that it
is insane basically this all stemmed
from me last night starting to watch the
Grinch and then I was like getting
intimate I don't know why I've been
having such a short attention span
lately I started watching it and I was
like hold on do I really like wanna like
dive into this and I was like looking at
the make up and I was like wow this is
crazy actually I'd rather just watch
like behind-the-scenes videos of like
the making of this film because I love
doing that I found out that Jim had to
go through that like hair makeup process
for 92 days straight obviously not
including weekends but like that's like
18 weeks of shooting the amount of
patience and like respect that you must
have towards your job to be able to do
that because even though it only took
like two and a half hours for him to get
their makeup every single morning to
like
look like the Grinch first of all all
those hours add up secondly he said the
worst part was like literally just like
being in that for 12 hours a day because
he said that it literally felt like he
was being buried alive because he was
like so tight like everything was glued
they'd like cover your face with this
seal it and then they'd glue it all on
he had like holes for his ears because
his ears were covered and then they had
to put like the beard on and hair and
everything I was saying this on my
Instagram story but in the video that I
watched he went over to Ron Howard the
director after the first day and was
like I don't think I can do this like I
don't think that I can wear this for 92
days they hired like a CIA like trained
professional that has gone through
different like torture simulations and
training that teaches you how to like
calm down and stay calm throughout that
stuff because like that is how intense
the makeup was and just hearing that
just makes me like just like wanna slow
clap the guy like wow I recommend it
entirely and then also at the end of the
movie he was saying a lot of like very
deep I always think about the
question if I were able to go out to
lunch with any actors liberty or
whatever in the entire worlds but right
now it'd be Jim Carrey like I feel like
I would really really just absorb a lot
of great advice and information from him
like I think I think he definitely knows
something that we don't i meanshe if you
guys don't even know about like the 10
million dollar check thing that he did
the whole manifestation like you you got
to do a little bit of research because
like it's really it's really interesting
to listen to and it actually can kind of
change your mind about some things if
you don't believe in that stuff but yeah
that's kind of what I was getting into
with Lukas last night so we're writing
down like things that we're gonna do
next year that we're like gonna do like
it's not a question we're doing that I
actually think I'm gonna read this book
a little bit I don't mean to get all
self healthy and like annoying and weird
today but I actually want to continue
reading this stuff up but started like
two weeks ago or something it's called
you are a badass and let me go get it
right I thought you guys were gonna die
on me because it says low battery but
this is like a number one New York Times
bestseller I always see this at airports
every single
or I think I'm going to go up to the
rooftop of my apartment and and go me
this outside because I haven't been
outside in like 72 hours can you tell
I'm going a little insane I need some
fresh air
hello I'm eating a salade I've been
doing a bunch of reading today right now
I am watching Dustin Hoffman's
masterclass about acting and I'm really
into it so we're doing that two hours
later
it's getting to that time of day where
I'm importing the footage that I have
filmed and starting to edit it and I was
like wow Claudia you really didn't get a
lot today I just finished watching
moonlight mile is that what it was
called
guys remember Mike Jake Gyllenhaal days
that happened in the summer time yeah I
realized that they were actually a lot
of movies of his that I still haven't
seen and so I watched that one and it
was really good it was great it was back
when he was younger I wanted to tell the
camera and just like talk to you guys a
little more because you know like we can
make the video longer why not and also
it's it was very encouraging to read
your guys's comments being like Claudia
we don't care if you're not doing it
just talking from the camera you can
literally talk about anything and so
that is what we couldn't also previous
to be filming this I was facetiming with
Braden and he's in no I lost my page in
the book just fell out this was my
bookmark there it is
we got it we're good we're good anyways
so the whole tagged fam is over in New
Mexico and he FaceTime me and I was
hanging out with all them and everyone
was like passing around the phone and I
was like oh it's their last week on tag
there was like a little break and then
they're shooting for a little bit this
week and so a bunch of people are out
there and I was so sad I'm not there cuz
I already wrapped but yeah it made me
really regret not buying a plane ticket
and just flying there just to be there
cuz I love those people so much oh my
gosh it's so much fun I have so much
FOMO so much FOMO
so I mentioned that I was reading this
book that I almost lost the page to
again because I'm like sick and I
clearly don't have a great attention
span right now I decided first
to start reading this book from the
beginning again because I don't know
what these kind of books like you need
to like kind of get in the zone and
finish the whole thing it's kind of hard
to just like drop and then pick up later
I was literally reading the book out
loud to myself does anyone else do that
like does anyone else read out loud to
themselves because it really helped me
yeah it's taking a little longer but
it's actually helping me to really like
take in what I'm reading and this is
like the type of book where I like
really want to if there's a little part
that I wanted to read to you guys
because I think it's just the cutest
little bite and yeah I just laughed
reading it and I was like to him this is
so true there's one chapter called
present as a pigeon and it talks about
being present I don't know I feel like I
kind of struggle with when I'm with
people oh man I am very present but it's
when I'm alone that I just like I
definitely think more about the future
than I do the past I tend to freak out
over stuff that's not actually happening
yet and then it overwhelms me and then I
just like don't enjoy the process of
like getting to that point anyway so
this is really really nice let me read
it to you it never ceases to amaze me
the precious time we spend chasing the
squirrels around our brains playing out
our dramas worrying about unwanted
facial hair seeking adoration justifying
our actions complaining about slow
internet connections dissecting the
lives of idiots when we are sitting in
the middle of a full blown miracle that
is happening right here right now we're
on a planet that somehow knows how to
rotate on its axis and follow a defined
path while it hurtles through space our
hearts beat we can see we have love
laughter language living rooms computers
compassion cars fire fire nails flowers
music medicine mountains muffins we live
in a limitless universe overflowing with
miracles the fact that we aren't
stumbling around in a state of sobbing
aah is appalling the universe must be
like what more do I have to do to wake
these bitches up make water their most
precious resource rained down from the
sky huh but um Shh
because that also happens she's so funny
the author oh my gosh
Jen what a rockstar you guys were
wondering when I was reading to myself
like that is exactly the tone that I was
reading it I'm literally
I felt like I was reading to a classmate
of students but it actually like makes
me want to bring this home and like read
some chapters to my family and be like
guys listen to this I don't know I just
like I really got into it so yeah I
definitely want to continue reading that
tomorrow while we're on the topic of
motivational stuff and quotes and
everything I get quite a few questions
on what is on my fridge because
sometimes the background you guys will
see that I have like this written stuff
I don't know if I've actually ever read
it to you guys this one specifically
talks about auditions like for acting
and booking jobs and stuff we were asked
to write this down for this like
audition Theory class that me and Lucas
took and I mean I loved it so I put it
on my fridge clearly I must love it
but I feel like it could still apply to
many other things it's pretty
generalized so let me just write it at
the top it says I expect work
I accept that work will find me mid life
mid dance mid step not leaning against a
wall checking my phone waiting I accept
that work has always been and will
always be a part of my life work is not
the totality of my life but instead my
fascinating life includes my love for my
work my fascinating life brings
fascinating work I accept and yeah I
kind of has to do with the idea of like
not obsessing over not being able to
like reach where you want to be
immediately but also knowing like if
you're just sitting into your phone
doing nothing like then nothing is gonna
come at you like you need to be open and
ready and just be like living your life
and being a person and and that's how
opportunity and people come to you they
go wash off my face go to bed I'm like
definitely feeling better which is great
really hope tomorrow is gonna be
significantly better we're like getting
back into it there was like one comment
it was like oh clearly she's not into
YouTube anymore and I'm like guys know
hold on I'm just sick okay I'm still
here oh my jaw just popped did you hear
that
ready yeah I think it's actually Kevin's
fault one time he did this thing and
anyways I don't want to talk about it I
will see you guys for new blog tomorrow
bye
