hey guys so it's about 9 p.m. right now
and I'm about to meet up with Alex and
drew because we're about to go check out
Alex's new apartment for the very first
time at least for me so I'm really
really excited she moved in with and
Maddy so I'm excited to see her as well
but I want to show you guys my outfit
real quick it's pretty casual I guess um
I've got these Jeffrey Campbell boots on
a black bag some little black like pj
shorts the shirt and the shorts are both
from brandy melville and then as well as
the choker I've imported choker and so
long I feel like it's like summer 2014
for me again but that is my let's go LA
indoor sky indoor skydiving so right now
Drew and Claudia are assisting me drew
my Claudia Alex Stubbs
um I move like I'm moving into my
apartment tonight and they're the
bestest friends in the world they're
literally holding my bag this isn't all
of it by the way right no wait this is
all of everything right now this is
impressive
I'm impressed across the country no but
I think they say to both of you and
apparently the audience come on what is
special about tonight genuinely I'm not
even kidding it's not even the fact that
I'm moving but the fact that my all of
my best friends are gonna be there like
you guys are such good friends are
coming with me to move like I want to be
here for this I love you me too
this just feels like this has been like
a long-awaited thing yeah like finally
the day has come that alex has moved
California I'm a citizen I'm so proud of
this little squirt look at her she's
finding her place on her own what do you
think of that elevator so far this is
the elevator you that you're gonna be
going up and down every day I love it
it's very nice
more than I like for wood yep that's our
review stay tuned
alright guys check out these doors they
look like large Hershey bars oh yeah
courtesy of Jack and drew so we are in
Matty's room right now and we are
playing a parchment and we love it I do
a little can you give me a tour let's
check it out that's the only kind of
freak you need what the hell wow we got
my kitchen but I will you will but is
this recipe fine
okay here is the living area very snazzy
very cute love it
patio out there this is my favorite room
so far I think you guys just really it's
abstract
here's Maddie's room super cute
oh what a moment I'm sharing I can't
with you guys and then here's Alex's
room all the bet is made huge bathrooms
bathtub looks very nice it's got like a
chair thing in it I'm kind of jealous
alright guys so we are having a Kinect
for tournament versa lot injury are you
ready to be defeated the winner get what
is the winner get me a glass of water I
would love it back right now oh yeah
you're annoying you got a lot of options
no I don't I know I'm getting so mean
I want no I'm in right now and I'm just
gonna do a little confessional on the
Kinect for you I don't know why but it's
it's giving me a lot of anxiety right
now I don't
there can't be laughter all right we
thought well close the door and let her
do it me okay
it's giving me a lot of anxiety and I
guess all right so it's giving me a lot
of anxiety and I'm not really sure why
it makes me feel really uncomfortable
with it last talk about this disconnect
for game okay so I'm not even playing in
an area that I'm comfortable with and I
don't like that I don't know wish me
luck though cuz I'm going to the finals
alright so we have got the finale the
Grand Slam here you go the Grand Slam
Lexi vs Jack is that the intro here
play you're number one
and to the right we have player number
two Lexi lumbar let's go over to the
arena the handshake game and the
champion is Lexi lumbar on a scale from
one to ten drew how comfy is this
bathtub and ten oh my god here once I
sleep over I'm gonna try for the first
time right now I think it's meant to
like to the back literally of course it
is some bats that are just like they're
five at that you're that's mu that's
what mine is
they're just like oh okay like you like
you have got arm rests right here won't
even take that into consideration
Wow what is this get a nice like that's
just like the drain cover New York smart
oh is one of those hair things yeah
smart I haven't used by photo to record
video in so long so I'm sure the quality
is gonna be really bad but editing
Columbia here I realized that I do not
film an outro clip for this vlog so I
just quickly wanted to say thank you for
watching today's vlog and don't you
worry I have lots and lots of footage
and I've been vlogging a ton more which
is super fun Lexi's playing with her
boobs right now I'm kind of confused you
know okay bye guys I love you and I will
see for a new vlog issue
