so I just landed in the Bahamas it's the
first time I've ever been here before so
I'm pretty pumped and I thought well you
know I'm gonna belong here we guess
because this is probably something fog
worthy everyone welcome
you
let me go let me go let me go far taste
all your travel across to my killers
making me feel so alive
can i don''t on the dot attached to
Donna touch done
hey guys so welcome to the Bahamas I'm
here for the weekend for Benefit
Cosmetics because they are launching out
a new product or a new line and to
celebrate that they brought over a bunch
of influencers to the Bahamas so that we
can just have fun check out the product
swim with some sharks do lots of fun
things so of course I cannot pass up the
opportunity to film this for you guys
because a bunch of youtubers are here
and in general I just think this trip
will be very vlog worthy is so it is
actually the morning of the first
official day we are about to go check
out the products launch as well as eat
some breakfast I'm so freakin hungry
we just wing so I'm going to get down
here I reckon start our day is it like
why don't you look at those fish and
these are little baby baby go everywhere
these are babies guys yo I feel ill you
man get it oh my god I need my cell
phone thank you I'm sorry man
so we just finished up with the little
aquatic tour I guess you could call it
oh this is so cute
just finished playing around with the
new product and actually want to show
you guys this because they're really
freaking cool
so basically they created different
shades for their their real push-up
liner so I use green on my eyes but they
have like blue purple Brown different
colored mascara so on my eyes I use
green and then the blue mascara and it
looks so cool I love it I'm stuffed with
it I'm really good to play around with
these colors but now we're going back to
the room to get dressed for school and
do all of that fun cool stuff like to a
would sharks and I'm really good now
that we're outside if you can actually
see the color on our eyes and all of us
are like whoa look at the lashes whoa
look at that liner if you guys can see
that my eyelashes are blue and it looks
awesome we arrived to the Benefit Cabana
and there's like a huge foaming go and
like cute little benefits hangers
Oh
so Megan and I are about to go check out
the water eighty-six a little take a
little total toe dip the water is so
turquoise here it's so beautiful
cheese I'm gonna understand I know let's
talk about this man for a second
Wow it's so soft Wow everything is it is
rime this is such a great beach with a
bed
oh my gosh home oh this is so nice I can
I could pull on swim in this water oh
yeah yeah we are lunch just got here and
I'm so excited so I got a shrimp Caesar
salad Parker would you get your got a
burger got a burger and actually got my
pizza all right guys so we are now
walking over to go swim with the sharks
or I guess walk with them I don't know
we'll see but go and walk under them I'm
excited I've got my GoPro strapped to my
chest like an idiot I literally feel
like such a tourist or maybe I'm just a
really professional cinematographer I
don't know that's cool is it a Lincoln
River yeah Parker is just having a good
old time with his stick right now I got
like any time we go to go on main
Channel video he's like let's get the
gold pan when I'm like it's not really
the style I'm going oh no we're not like
in a tropical island in creativity
exactly I like the the thought that
counts oh my god guys so we're here and
let me just show you what we're going to
be swimming with
this right here so as you can see
there's like a little tube right here
that has people passing through it's
like some sort of slide but we are going
to be walking on that floor with these
things just everywhere I love this look
at this around the lab this is a ladder
that we're going to be going down this
is going to be so scary
that's whimsy Megan right now they're
down there
they seriously you guys probably can't
see it but they look like they're having
the time of their life we're about to go
and sit with the Sharks I've got my suit
on I'm so excited but so nervous
Oh God let's do this
so we just finished with the shark tank
and going underwater and it was so cool
so I just finished getting ready for
dinner
my hair is like wet and not cute looking
at all but I didn't bring a curler with
me because I didn't realize that they
would have American outlets here but I
mean also I don't really care for dinner
I am wearing this really cute patterned
romper
it's from Windsor store and I don't know
I thought it was perfect for the Bahamas
so I'm wearing that and then for shoes I
will be wearing these guys they're just
White's little high-heeled sandals from
Topshop and then I'm just going to bring
my black bag with me because I didn't
have a white purse that would have been
perfect but the next best thing is black
I applied a little bit of the blue
mascara on over some black mascara and
then just the classic Claudia wing then
I just got some light lips and some
overdramatic contouring in you've got a
look so now I'm gonna go and head over
to dinner look who I'm away
very likeable like I feel like a lineout
looked like an ocean yeah
and then you and I have like the
chocolate I like that Laurel we arrived
to the building that our restaurant will
be in but look at how cute these houses
are we're in Vegas
as you can see no sweet finished dinner
and
we're so frigging stuff at least I am
baby seriously is out on it is out on
fleek insist you would baby on physics
oh yeah were like five months and I
would say five months in gasps baby
steps honestly fine dicks and half
things but I think we're just going to
kind of walk around and enjoy the night
you know I would like isolating I would
have tried it I mean is legal years to
do it about my 18 year old business
funny
I don't know what's the order a furnace
take us where code hey guys so it is the
next day and sadly our plans of going on
a cruise and cruising around the island
and snorkeling is no longer happening
because it has been pouring rain all day
and it's super gloomy but in
compensation for that benefit booked Oh
salt spa massages which was so sweet of
them so I'm actually gonna go ahead to
my massage right now I've never gotten a
personal or I mean like a professional
spa spa I can't talk
I've never gotten a personal massage
before so I'm really excited and about
to head over there right now I've kind
of just been spending my whole morning
watching old vlogs myself I don't know
sometimes I have those days and I
literally uploaded a video like a few
years ago titled
my cat is pimp I was a legend
so just great good good old Claudia
alright let's go get that massage so
fast-forward like 6 7 years later I
would say ah I am a with Megan and
Lindsey and basically let me just
explain how my day went real briefly -
you guys went to the spa came back to
the room keep in mind it's been very
gloomy it's been raining all day so you
know like I had no motivation to really
leave my room so I was online shopping
for a new desk for maybe four hours
bought some things on Nasty Gal
I'll probably do a haul soon also
stocked some some old vlogs and that was
pretty much the extent of my day
then Lindsey and I went over to
Starbucks because they have Starbucks
here we didn't even realize they did but
we just got some drinks 33 some
delicious bean there I got a Caesar
salad wrap and it was really really good
for some reason Caesar salad wraps are
so much better than the actual salads
themselves I don't know it's like the
tortilla and the whole like physical
binding mmm so good the action biting
but sometimes when like the dressing is
al and one side that
but buggy lettuce oh my god I don't hate
it so bad we don't know what we're doing
tonight we're kind of figuring that out
right now we haven't seen Aspen all day
okay I hope she's still alive
we're probably gonna meet up with her
later and do something hopefully I don't
know but for now we're just kind of
chillin we're dead
it's about 11:40 and we are going to
head to the beach for a little bit
because white abuse is what better to do
meanwhile on the Bahamas I know we have
been in art in the room the way Taiwan
we need to get out of here yeah you guys
probably can't see anything because I'm
using my phone but we just walked it's
so good yeah oh um but we're like
walking along this little rocky area the
beach is kind of like a little Peninsula
and there's like a little island that
way but we're just kind of exploring at
midnight hey guys so I am now back in my
room I just finished brushing my teeth
washing my face all that stuff and I'm
pretty much all packed up because my
flight leaves pretty early tomorrow it
leaves it like 1:00 p.m. so I'm gonna
have to leave the hotel at around 10
o'clock I believe now if you guys follow
me on my Instagram then you would know
about this but basically when I went to
London a few weeks ago I decided that
every single time I leave the country
whether I visit a new country or an
island or whatever I want to bring back
some sort of little like souvenir
trinket type thing basically my trip to
London was like my first time flying
outside of the country besides going on
a cruise but it really don't count a
cruise because like you're on a boat and
it was super touristy anyways but
anyways when I went to London I bought
like this really cute little antique
like magnifying glass that you actually
put on glasses or you like hover it over
paper and it's just really cute it's
like this little silver metal thing that
was kind of like my little souvenir from
London and I was looking around the gift
shops in the hotel because basically the
island that
on is like all just resort so there
weren't really any like cool shops or
kind of hidden places to find anything
so I just kind of went to one of the
little boutique stores that was here at
the resort and I got the perfect little
souvenir I'm so happy I found this but
this is what it looks like it's just
like a little silver sand dollar and I
thought this was perfect because this
trip was all about like relaxation and
just having a genuine good time not
working at all and just kind of having a
very tropical
beachy vacation so I feel like a sand
dollar it's a good representation of
that so I got that and I'm excited to
start growing my collection right now
I'm just kind of shown on the computer
I'm probably gonna start importing and
ending footage and going to bed because
it's like 2:00 a.m. right now and I
should really be getting some rest so
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed my bahamas
vlog I'm not gonna walk tomorrow cuz I'm
just gonna wake up and hop right onto a
plane but first off I just wanted to
thank Benefit Cosmetics for sending me
here because this was such an awesome
trip I've never been to the Bahamas so
it was really awesome and they just
completely pampered us and spoiled us
and it's it was awesome I'm so excited
to talk about the new products with you
guys on my main channel because it's
really cool and I've actually been
wearing it like every single day which
has really only been like the past two
days but I've been wearing it ever since
they introduced it to us because I love
the product the colorful eyeliners are
so fun yeah I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I really want to start
vlogging once I get back to LA so thumbs
up this video if you guys want to see
more vlogs because they are so easy to
edit and they are so fun to look back on
I don't know why I never do it I need to
start doing again I'll see you guys for
a new video very soon hopefully and yeah
thanks for watching bye guys
