hey guys welcome back to my vlog channel
so obviously I'm not home right now I'm
in a hotel and this hotel is in London
this is the first time I've ever gone to
a different country besides going on a
cruise so I really don't count the
cruise but this is my first time flying
internationally and visiting a different
country and London is beautiful I took
the entire morning to walk around get
food and kind of explore a little bit I
didn't bring my camera but I was
basically alone the entire day so it
wouldn't really have been that exciting
footage anyways right now I just
finished getting ready for the style
hall party I have to go right now I'm
like packing everything up but yeah I've
been here for about a day and a half and
I've been loving it so far here's my
mess of a bathroom right now oh also I
did mention the reason why I'm here but
I'm actually here for beauty con this is
beauty cons first year at London and I
am so excited to be a part of the first
year
so tonight our Nando's and I've never
been here before I've heard so much
about it okay so funny story so we've
never been here before we don't really
know how it works so we get a table
we're sitting down like we've you know
we decided what we want to eat and we
closed our menus to let them know that
we're ready for the where to come 20
minutes past no one comes up to us but a
random worker comes up he goes are you
guys what I'm saying it's just like what
do you guys do it
oh right we asked him and he was like
you order up front so we've been sitting
here for no reason
test also has been teaching me the
currency because I don't know any good
morning so it is Saturday the day of
beautycon and it's about like 12 o'clock
or something I wanted to show you guys
in my outfit because I'm really really
obsessed with it for starters I'm
wearing this black dress that is from
mink pink it's really cool it has like
double little sleeves right here I don't
know how you call that and then I'm
wearing my new jacket from cameo and I'm
really obsessed with it I love the
pattern and everything so this was kind
of like the main focal point of the
outfit I've got my new bag and then just
some black boots that are healed
so let's go
here and I
I mean up is like in an hour or like
but I walked out and I explore a little
bit I already met so many of you guys I
didn't realize how many of you guys are
from like the UK which is so awesome so
I'm really excited
and like accident so commute everyone is
so like comments hey guys so we all just
finished up with beautycon it was so
much fun it was cool seeing you know
like the differences and similarities
with the other beauty cons we'll see
what hey guys so I would Brittany what
about for every human being on the
planet of this earth um and we found
this really cool but all like ally type
thing that goes off
making friends everywhere but we are in
Soho of London and it's beautiful I'm
going to show you guys what it looks
like to go out to the street what is
going on I'm stepping up on this I'm
zooming up on the Harry Potter book oh
my god I want to get on do you think
it's like a prom party or something oh
my god okay so Brittany where are we
right now when they're enjoying it down
for down check it check it out and we
have finally found our a restaurant of
choice in alien life skeleton we've got
gluten-free pizza and dessert now that's
got what we want
I don't know why I decided to put gum in
my mouth before filming this like
literally just put this in five seconds
ago hey guys so it is now Sunday it's
about like 11 o'clock and I'm heading
over to Tesco which is like the grocery
store over here and I want to pick up
some sort of energy drink that
apparently Jonas that is awesome I'm not
really into it energy drinks that much
but they're only sold here and so I'm
down to try it and I also want to pick
up a bunch of candy because I've never
tried really any British candy gum goes
back in camera turns off so I got all my
candy that I'm gonna be trying out now
we're gonna go grab some food because
we're starving it we're gonna I went a
little bit of exploring and shopping and
walking around and all that fun jazz
right now we are in March so there's a
bunch of like little shops over here
we're
it is Monday morning and I just took a
shower so clearly you can see all of
this I don't know where all these well
actually I do know where all these
pimples came from obviously the
traveling I just had like a huge
breakout so like sorry if you had to
look at that but I really don't want to
buy the makeup today
I'm gonna go next door and grab some
food and possibly coffee or something to
drink because I'm super hungry and my
car is actually picking me up in like an
hour and a half or something like that
but yeah I had a really fun time and I
feel like I got to see a lot of London
it the only thing I regret is not
vlogging enough
I don't know I'm the type of person that
like if I go in to a vacation or trip
with the mindset of I'm going to vlog or
like I am going to film my experience I
will film every single part of it like
my New York trip I did a really good job
filming a lot of it and it was really
awesome but I guess going to this I
didn't really have that whole momentum
and everything so because of that there
are so many times where I could have
pulled out the camera and I just didn't
even think - I guess it's also because I
haven't blogged in a long time so I'm
not like used to it anymore I regret it
I do regret it I wanted to quickly show
you guys this I might possibly be the
most organized Packer you guys have ever
seen
I just really love having little
compartments for everything and that is
just how I am able to travel with a
clear mind set and everything in
specific you know compartments and stuff
oh look at how cute that is my self
tanner mitts that's disgusting Claudia
my neck totally looks like it has
hickeys on it but I swear this is self
tanner
I'll exfoliate my next tomorrow but
clearly I am home oh it feels so good to
be home I showered got a long chat with
Lexi we caught up she's currently
watching YouTube videos right now and
I'm pretty much ready to pass out and
just go to bed but oh I actually did not
share this with you guys but right
before I left for London
I actually rearranged my room a little
bit I now have a lot more space
I don't know it's nice to change things
up so I want to show you guys what it
looks like
keep in mind it's kind of messy right
now but this is basically what it looks
like we walk in tada
so this wall just kind of stayed like
that then I put my little nightstand in
this corner my desk perfectly fits right
underneath all these shelves so this
kind of worked out perfectly
so now it's kind of like I have like a
double-decker desk right there Oh double
decker desk I love it
so everything's like this corner this is
kind of awkward now because it's just
like whatever but I mean this is
actually not the most awkward the most
awkward is this one because it's like
kind of slanted if I could turn this
horizontally that would be awesome but
it's nailed into the wall and it's not
gonna stay like this forever so I'm just
leaving it be but yeah that is what it
looks like and I kind of like it you
know it's a cozy little corner but I'm
actually gonna end off this clip and end
off this vlog hopefully you guys enjoyed
it I know I didn't vlog as much as I
wish I did I'm so annoyed with myself
but all right I'm gonna end it off now
bye guys
