hey guys welcome to vlogmas day 24 so
merry Christmas Eve to those of you who
celebrate it and I guess Merry Christmas
because this will be going up on
Christmas but let's go downstairs and
see what mama drama's doing so my mom
made some gingerbread right this is
technically what it is
and I want to eat it so bad I can have
some how cute is this room you're so
cute you're so cute you make it cuter
thank you for these going up on the wall
are these just chilling on the ground
like eventually yeah over there yeah we
used to have a piano over in this corner
but now it's a table I don't know if I
ever showed you guys this wall but we've
got my mom's brother and a drawing that
he made is this a painting or drawing
what is it that doesn't look like paint
I don't know
then we've got a drawing that I did in
art class Beyonce it got all messed up
right there in my backpack
we've got Marcin well ferry to America I
came to America Kevin up there oh my god
he's such a little cutie what happened
to him there's Kevin again there's the
beautiful one and only claudia salut ski
um we've got a painting of marcin that
marcin made love it i made this flower
when i was super young and then we could
another all no and then we've got my
parents what cuties hello we're waiting
for Marcy yeah we're waiting for Marcin
to get here cuz he is arriving here from
New York um you know what I really enjoy
these pretzels
I had one this morning Oh
chew gum oh yeah
am I surprised know you always chill in
here and then I'm always waking you up
so uh for instance um how are you
enjoying this Christmas Eve today thank
you
I'm such a cat lady I'm really sorry
I'll turn this off now look who came in
abides this is my oldest brother marcin
someone I have never seen in the video
so here is your shining moment yes all
right this is a very creepy doll why do
we have us this is Christmas don't Oh
like it's so scary looking why he is old
it also dead again mwah it looks like
we're like uh home oh hey I'm Ohio look
at this ham guys oh my god oh my god
look so good we're saying jokes at the
dinner table both mama okay
Madison's friends used to say when we
were living in a not broke
hey yo Marcin yo mother so protected
that she's asking to wear your helmet
when you are walking I always like
screaming when he was running it wasn't
a joke that it was real I thought it was
gonna be a better call the time to
butcher so innovative right now my dad
is putting his phone on a glass he's
gonna put the self timer on yeah but
they're not in that place it after run
run run we've got a new method are you
sweating into the planet I do all your
eyes look so great oh goody 9 Kevin
explained the pickle tradition for my
nucleolus
I find them on Christmas Day the first
person to find the pickle ornament gets
to open up a present first well I
already found it like this but she
changed it she changed all right so
Kevin already found it so yeah we're
gonna try to find it
god no don't oh yeah we're doing it
Ricky please IRA found it she here he
found it we're gonna have to change it
good on a Christmas tree
I think I'm gonna I'm gonna go with this
little one I've been trying to look for
the pickle ornament for like the past 10
minutes yeah and my brother is the only
one who found it he said that it's like
mixed in with another ornament or
something
this is impossible yes all from this I
think I think this is your like greatest
hiding spot ever mom it's never taken me
this long I can do you know gone so it
is now at 10:15 p.m. and I apologize for
not vlogging that much today but you
know it's the holiday I didn't really
want to be that girl that pulls out the
camera and vlogs every single moment but
I feel like I got a few a few good
moments yes so in case any of you guys
were curious this year we kept things
pretty kind of casual and low-key for
Christmas Eve so it's pretty much just
my family and then my brothers brought
their girls over so nothing too fancy or
anything but I had a lot of fun we just
had dinner and then we cheesecake with
fireplace and shared some super lame
jokes and stuff like that that families
do but I actually have to go to bed soon
because I will be picking up somebody at
5:00 a.m. tomorrow morning
hey guys welcome to vlogmas day 25 what
who are you don't wait do me my quads
how do I get your what what you're a cog
Oh huh what am i doing in Chicago
I guess you
not me right right yeah um so Jonah
actually had a layover here in Chicago
for like three hours
so I'm actually driving him back to the
airport now
but it was great he met the whole family
on it was a little you know she goes
wild on Christmas Eve so that was that
was definitely funny we're gonna blast
some tunes and just Georgina found the
pickle I wasn't it was like hiding
underneath this furry purple thing wow
that took way longer than needed to so
it's about 6:30 p.m. right now and this
girl went into deep hibernation mode
today after opening up presents I passed
right out and went back to bed and for
the first time in a really long time I
would honestly say since like November I
finally feel like 100% well rested which
is awesome because this entire month
I've been going to bed super late and
then waking up at weird times so I'm
really happy that I caught up with my
sleep I finally feel satisfied but
Christmas dinner round 2 is almost ready
and oh my god I'm like not even hungry
but let's go find out what the mother is
making so mom oh look at how cute you
look
here let me Center this for you there
you go thank you
oh look um so what's on today's menu uh
roast beef ready yeah and I change the
Oh oven so much of oils Oh
oh that's not pretty and mashed potatoes
are these like the same as yesterday
kind of this time with deal here some
salad
oh yes monster on tomatoes this is a
good good idea with your Christmas
present I'm very happy I'm probably
gonna LA I have like stuff on my lips I
don't like a chic soda
cuz yeah you've been like cooking heat I
think I'm gonna do way when I got for
Christmas video I always do them so I'm
probably going to cereal well happy I
got new my mom got a new she got the
iPhone 6 before I did if you were in
serious need for a new phone do we do
have your old phone on you can we show
the camera wow that is so freaking
cracked oh my gosh no better way to
finish off the holiday with home alone
and some good red wine and horrible
people to spend it with we've got some
apple pie with vanilla ice cream is it
good guys mmm it's like warm and cold so
the time has come where I film the last
clip of the last video of vlogmas 2014 I
hope you guys don't mind that I combined
vlogmas day 24 and 25 together I just
really didn't want to split them apart
because I didn't really have a lot of
footage to make them into two separate
videos and I thought since they're both
just very like holiday themed that it
was okay to put them together I hope you
guys enjoyed all of my 24 vlogmas vlogs
I had so much fun that's vlogging every
single day for you guys just like I did
last year and obviously I will be doing
it next year as well but yeah I know
that a lot of you guys are asking me to
continue vlogging afterwards and I
not gonna make any promises because I
know that last year I was like yeah I'm
gonna upload it every Sunday I don't
even know what I said but um I really do
want to vlog more often just because
they're awesome memories and also
vlogging definitely motivates you to
have like a more exciting life and
actually get up and do things you know
and they're just really fun videos to
look back on it's like a video it's like
the video version of like a photo album
or something I don't that's like one of
the things I love about YouTube like I
can't wait to show my kids videos of me
and being like this is what your mom was
like when she was blonde you know what I
mean um but I am about to just probably
watch movie on my computer and then head
to bed but I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and all of these logs um
and yeah hopefully I'll be seeing you
guys on a new vlog very soon thanks so
much for watching all my vlogs and all
the tweets and everything I see all of
them and they warm my heart as cheesy as
that sounds but I will see you guys in a
new video hopefully very soon and that
is it
bye please stop recording know help you
touch nothing
oh it says record I didn't see I believe
it said that I were deep
