good morning from my mom and rainy
Chicago I'm still very upset so my mom
and I are on our way to the mall right
now are actually pretty much like here
because we need to get some last-minute
Christmas shopping because we're totally
those people who buy their Christmas
presents on the 22nd of December I'm
pretty sure last year I ended up having
to buy like half of my gifts like on
Christmas Eve and it was like the worst
thing ever have you have decisions are
like well I mean I have my like ideas
planned in advance but like the actual
process of like going on and get them is
like a whole nother thing on its own
what's your wisdom of the day yeah I
mean you're the only other person
without the other parents help your
parents yes with what with the teacher
No
is this gonna transition into you being
like hint hint wink wink nudge nudge
Claudia need your help today is that we
are doing here she's so sneaky so sneaky
the love the love is there I have no
choice the love is there I'm giving you
blush are you doing as a mirror what's
on your lips yeah all right
so how tired are you
I'm so tired we've got over
oh yeah she put her gifts in the car but
I've gone to I would say four stores but
it's been a few hours I don't know is
taking a long time but right now we're
going to Starbucks to get happy in our
bodies we are officially done with
today's shopping at least we still need
to get a few more thing dear we going
home right now we got some good stuff
but what yeah we got some awful really
just bad presents really excited to give
them away what is up with this remix I
think the party is actually tomorrow the
gift exchange yeah I don't know why I'm
late point I don't know why I point to
my mom like as if she's gonna know like
oh yeah you're the group chat right you
heard them talking oh my goodness Giada
because she's texting so it's been about
34 minutes and the mall is right there
we have been on the same block for 30
minutes this is worse than traffic in LA
like I haven't experienced this battle
traffic and so long where that's you to
get mommy in the morning when you're
going to bed at 5:00 a.m. that's really
not an option yeah this is for I should
go play with
oh yeah this isn't our car I'm still
gonna drive it like I'm driving it
tonight
whether you like it or not we currently
have a rental car because my mom's car
is in the repair shop and it's been in
the repair shop for two months so big
problem they're probably driving it
around so we figured out why we've been
standing here for about thirty minutes
because the lights are not working
they're just flashing red hi it's just
following me everywhere she still loves
me she's like a little not right here we
need to take that out on her neck yeah
for dinner my mom bought me some kale
and I think bean soup from Whole Foods
looks kind of nasty but it tastes so
good so I have a huge ball that and then
I also cut up an apple for myself and
Neely me Lisa hello
I just realized some of you guys might
be like what aids we call Adriana aids
every time everyone hears that they're
like oh we are having a little bowling
night today and we just look at how much
more festive my hometown is compared to
LA seeing this all right that side kind
of sucks this side is great let's turn
around let's go back no but really it is
so festive and it's making me really
happy all right so we've run into a
little issue the bowling we did not
reserve any lanes
only thing we're going mini golfing now
I hate mini go we're all very excited oh
my god it is so cool looking in here
what it is it closed because the
escalators are not working
let me Gais others yeah oh he actually
just get a hole-in-one
are you serious wait did you just get a
hole-in-one that's awesome yo your teeth
are glowing smile for me that is awesome
wow this is cool we're we're on the 3rd
hole now I think and we're all like
already getting over it which is good
yeah alright this one looks really cool
this is cool so we decided we're gonna
switch things up and we're gonna play
hot lava while we call so we are only
less low on anything that blows the
black carpet is lava
nealy just died so
so these red eyeballs look like they're
popping out but they're not illusions
man don't they or they literally just
hit that hard oh my god are they doing
it again
so I don't even remember the last clip
that I vlogged today I think it was at
minigolf maybe I don't know but yeah
once we finished golfing we're all
pretty tired and just know we had
nowhere to go so we just kind of went
home which I was totally okay with
because I needed to you know the log and
do that kind of stuff so I've honestly
just been sitting on my bed since then
but I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog
and I will see you guys tomorrow for
vlogmas day 23 I cannot believe that
vlogmas is almost over what all right
it's like I'm getting delusional because
I'm so tired I just need to go we're
gonna end this right now I'm sorry guys
breaking up with you see tomorrow by
nine and a half a nine and a half one on
the video overall or on my house I'm you
oh wait
