hey guys welcome to vlogmas day at two
one two one
I've been sitting in bed in my pajamas
all day because I have been working on
finishing up the editing for our
gingerbread collab which is so late on
uploading but I want it to be really
entertaining and funny for you guys and
it just was a lot of footage a lot of
swearing that needed to be either beeped
out or edited out but yeah I have pretty
much been sitting in bed all day which
I'm not complaining because this bed is
really really comfortable but once I'm
done with that I'm have to export the
video and upload it immediately and then
I have to start working on yesterday's
vlog news videos start editing that
upload that as well and then if it's not
too late I want to go meet up with my
friends because I didn't hang out them
yesterday and they're yelling at me I
don't want to see them so that's kind of
what's been going on we've got food
what'd you get mom his dad's isn't it
Greek salad mm-hmm I don't know how to
talk today my brother got ribs oh my god
these ribs look so good this man and
Claudia got a chicken Caesar salad
because I was really craving one today
let's make this more dramatic this is so
suspenseful YUM
so I'm officially done editing my video
and I always like to watch my videos one
last time for exponents make sure I have
no editing errors so I'm having my
parents watch it with me yeah my dad
clearly is excited he's on the computer
my mom obviously is super excited to be
on camera right now and it's just gonna
be a great time so
who's ready nobody ready yeah Francis
you want to watch it with us I guess not
she doesn't care great nine and a half a
nine and a half one on the video overall
or on my house I mean oh wait can we can
you guys rate the houses so let's go in
order starting off with the true so one
that said suck my butt what what what
would you give it out of 10 10 a 10 what
about you I wouldn't what would you give
it seven points a seven point seven you
would give it a ten mom that's really
generous because I love this thing okay
okay she loves she loves the roof all
right what about Lexi's she gave me some
a eye contact she oh yes at that one
part of the video but what would you
rate the house at attack um
49 another nine and a half eight and a
half eight and a half all right all
right
what about my house the turnip out loud
yes yes I'm speechless he's speechless
they're left speechless what can we say
what about Jack's house I love it why
I'm gonna give it a seven who's about
you if you made an eight okay so what
bears are clearly a little bit more
generous with the ratings than we were
to each other yeah now I'm gonna export
this video and upload it for you guys to
see what we're talking about decision
who's the winner yeah who's the winner
which house would you want to live in
Laurens club yes is free told you
everybody I swear to God every single
evening at Francis just lays in the same
exact spot why are you so freaking cute
I'm so sorry I woke you up I'm gonna
leave you alone now because you should
do you
dun-dun-dun-dun who could it be
oh my god can you drive me to Johnny's
house do I have
better choices not really yeah but it's
not our car it's been a while since I've
had to ask my mom to drive me somewhere
am i right mother so I'm about to head
over to Adriana's house I think she's
just chillin with Michelle so I'm
excited to see them because I haven't
seen anyone besides my family so far I
mean it's only been a day but still
honestly I'm kind of a little upset and
disappointed that it's not snowing
because obviously doesn't snow in LA so
I was really excited to see snow and
it's completely empty and dry also I
don't think that's gonna remember this
from any of my past blogs but my mom
just handed me my old house key but that
I just dropped and it brought back so
many memories
is it gonna focus on it I'm a little boy
the lighting in here is so nice and red
and orange and seductive it's really
just bring a suit oh my god you stepped
out this evening and Michelle was a
major Anna hello
so adriana is about to show us this
scrapbook or photo album that she's been
working on we obviously know who's the
favorite friend here I know I know so
you're just like like I feel like my
whole life was always described with
like your whole life was like this face
yeah all right so we're pretty well into
the book and I want to stop to vlog this
because it's the funniest thing ever
so this is a Michelle Paige little
Michelle over here so in 2007 how old
does that make you because that was
seven years ago when you were 11 all
right so 10 years keep in mind 11 was
mushy 11 was Michelle Michelle was 11
years old when she wrote this all right
it says dear Adriana I'm having a great
time in Orlando Florida we have gone
shopping for souvenirs but we haven't
found anything I need Hannah's phone
number PS miss yeah all right my first
complaint with this
is a why do you send a postcard well you
know it probably won't come back until
you come back yeah it's gonna take ten
years to get a next question so then
also did she expect a jhana to send her
another postcard being like thanks for
the postcard sorry junior that you
haven't gotten any souvenirs yet anyways
here's Hannah's phone number hopefully
you still need it oh all right we're
gonna continue looking at the snow so
here's another great photo this is a
photo of Adriana putting her toe into
our friend Hanks mouth can I say the
dory okay yeah sorry sorry so we were
staying at our friend Michael's lake
house for country Thunder we made a
thing like first person to fall asleep
gets a tow in their mouth yeah I was
gonna be the one to put my big toe in
their mouth and our 41st one focusing
when he was the whole time like Oh was
gonna get a toe in there man yeah and
then like me and Michael are like
setting it up like perfect angle to take
the picture and we do it and then we
forget about it and then that's when we
wake up no one like I like just like we
ate just we didn't think about it and
then Hank actually comes up to me and he
goes so who got tow in their mouth and I
go holy crap I put my toe in your mouth
like I don't know you didn't if you did
I'm gonna push you down the stairs like
stamp get your phone show in the picture
like this is the most hysterical dinner
and he saw the picture and you went like
pale where I swear to god 20 minutes
oh that is so funny oh my god an effect
they documented it that is so great
still salty about it that's amazing
so I came back home and I've been
sitting on this bed writing a video
ideas in my little journal thing
and it is 5:00 a.m. right now I am
completely awake and I am just spitting
out so many video ideas I'm getting so
inspired
so basically Michelle left and then a
John and I were just kind of sitting in
the kitchen she made me a cup of coffee
which i think is why I still have so
much energy right now but anyways we're
sitting in Adriana's kitchen and we were
just talking about YouTube and I was
telling her about the video ideas that I
want to start creating for next year
pretty much immediately when I come back
home because I really want to change
things up on my main channel maybe I'll
talk about it some more in a different
vlog but I really really just want to
take my creativity to a whole nother
level next year because I really just
have not been happy with the content
that I've been uploading for starters it
hasn't been consistent on my channel and
I will 100% admit to that it's very
obvious and I don't know sometimes I
want to do more than just a haul video
or a favorites video and I definitely
have kind of limited myself for the past
I would say six months so that's kind of
one of my biggest goals of next year is
to really branch out and make different
types of videos for you guys but still
kind of tying in fashion and other
things that I mainly focus on in my
videos but anyways I've been writing
down a bunch of different video ideas I
created an entire video series and
started planning out the episodes and
stuff and hopefully that comes to life
because it will be involving other
people and hopefully they will want to
do it as well and I've also just been
kind of writing down lots of different
look book ideas but anyways I wanted to
turn on the camera to let you guys know
how my night ended off and I'm probably
gonna try to go to bed soon because it's
it's literal it's 5:00 a.m. this is so
bad so I'm probably gonna go brush my
teeth and you know do all of that stuff
and go to bed but I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlogmas bye guys
Mike
guys look at welcome huh okay look at
how much my mom stood me up like you are
ready to go on the runway right now
she's ready to go shopping
you look great I think
