hey guys welcome to vlogmas day 20 it's
funny because I like just film the outro
to yesterday's but I am getting ready to
go to the airport right now I've got all
my stuff ready to go and I'm about to
call my uber I think I have a package I
need to pick up from the concierge first
but no I told you guys that because
that's not very interesting I just
landed in Chicago and look who's back on
dogness hey guys guys look at welcome
huh okay look at how my mom stood me up
like you are ready to go on the runway
right now she's ready to go shopping
you look great thank you things very
creative I was thinking about
resolutions yeah well you can't think of
any no I asked I asked myself stop to
drinking I stopped drinking a little bit
my mom likes her wine and champagne now
I'm drinking expensive
look at me I'm always happy so I'm back
home with the famine what's up what's up
my dad's over there so I come home and I
was like hey mom what's up with this
Snapple everyone is beginning these an
Apple lately because my obsession
sorry I'm just really happy to be home
okay my mom showed up Jonah by buying oh
yeah yeah yeah so let me show you guys
around the house and show you the
decorations because that's super
Christmasy at our house right now
oh well be honest people my leg it's
okay I wasn't gonna show it I wasn't
gonna show it but I just did right now
look at this look at this nice fanciness
Oh looks great it's
what you do differently bend a little a
little yeah the little dancing reindeer
so cute
are there any new ones yes I didn't have
time to get one from LA I know I'm the
worst daughter ever Hulett so you've got
new ones yes New York the Big Apple yeah
cute this one I like it wait is this cow
new cow this one I don't remember the
cow more Christmasy things
Wow these apples are so festive this was
a great touch I was cool Santa hat yep
yep yep Santa Santa and oh we got more
stuff oh I'm so in the spirit
Blackhawks oh it's so cute
it reminds me of when I went to China
tell him I had a bunch of things like
that yeah oh that's cute what a stud
fatso what are you eating what is what
is this weird mixture what was is that
Mayo
that's disgusting you're disgusting I
don't like my uh hey man that's what
that ketchup Mayo some way oh no oh oh
oh my god just stay away
Oh my mom and I are having a little
pajama party right now I actually got
this pajama set from Jessica Chu and
first aid beauty it like King the mail
and it's from j.crew and I really love
it so Jessica if you're watching this
thank you so much but my mom it just
made me at some dinner we've got some
shrimp
oh it's fogging up the camera I haven't
had shrimp in so long I'm so excited and
some salad yeah oh and some cheese thank
you that presentation all right I'm so
hungry I'm turning this off it's
probably around 10 p.m. and my cat is
just sitting here chilling on the couch
you're so cute for those of you who have
never met my cat before this is Francis
I believe she's a Norwegian Forest Cat
which is like a hunting cat but this is
her I basically just ended up staying in
for the night and hanging out with my
brother and his girlfriend we watched
some wildest islands on Netflix which is
a beautiful show by the way it just
teaches you about a bunch of wild
animals and places and things like that
and it's really interesting and all the
shots are really awesome so we did that
we got some Domino's we bake some
brownies uh this is a typical night with
the siblings but yeah I hope you guys
enjoy today's vlog and I am so excited
to be back at home vlogging with the
family thumbs up if you guys are excited
as well and I'll see you tomorrow bye
hush up for a second okay it's really
funny video where they say mmm Megan
come back to the club oh god we're going
down you're going down you bet
