may God hey guys welcome to vlogmas day
and 19 I cannot believe that I've been
vlogging for 19 days in row it does not
feel like that long let's go open up the
app and calendar 19 yum so I believe I
already told you guys but I am actually
leaving tomorrow morning so today was I
guess technically my last day in LA I
haven't really been social or done
really anything interesting today I've
just been kind of finishing up some work
on my big computer because obviously I
cannot bring that with me on the
airplane and yeah I've kind of been
packing it but it's also kind of been
like a fail like I really wouldn't
consider this packing whatsoever
I packed maybe five things but honestly
every single time I come home I don't
like to pack a lot because I usually
just end up staying at home or just kind
of wearing casual clothes when I hang
out with friends and stuff so I don't
really feel the need to bring like every
single item in my closet plus I can
already guess that I'm gonna be bringing
a lot of like Christmas presents back
home and you know things that I probably
will be by myself because well we all
know claudia has a shopping problem
that's ethers have I never eaten this on
camera I don't know is this exciting I
don't know are we gonna do it I don't
know I mean yeah mmm these are dark
chocolate cups with cookie butter on the
inside from Trader Joe's I recommend
getting it it's delicious see God come
back to the club come get your jacket
come on babe just get your jacket may
God
Megan what are you doing
you miss me oh my god they gonna come
back to the club if you guys have no
idea what we're talking about right now
there's this key and Peele video on
YouTube and it's called Meegan something
something someone what is he saying he's
in charge on you're so rude I'm talking
right now it's my viewers just hush up
for a second okay it's really funny
video where they say mmm Megan come back
to the club oh god we're going down
you're going down you better move
we got the pizza you already saw it all
right easy yes see how it opens up like
that oh my god it's like look how
wonderful I welcome to why work it's
like it's like when a flower like open
yes it um blossoms blogger the mimicking
Rose it's Daisy but a beautiful day
season of pollen oh wow pizza
whenever here we have Hawaiian pizza yes
mm-hmm
the other half mushrooms mushroom and
spinach spinach it's a very odd
combination but let's see wait doesn't
now what are we watching right now it is
so good guys we are like exactly halfway
through and it's amazing the entire
movie is an Instagram basically like I
just all the shots are beautiful and we
definitely recommend that you guys watch
it and this is where we go bye so all of
my stuff is packed up and ready to go
and I'm gonna end off today's vlogmas
here I'm actually gonna film the first
clip to tomorrow's vlog this right now
because it is 7 a.m.
and I pulled an all-nighter so I will
see you guys in tomorrow's video bye
we're gonna do a live tasting of these
cherry pomegranate tea
oh that's snap all right ready it's
super cocky and random what do you think
is gonna be about but you gotta know
this you know this
