Jew McDonald everyone one love
hey guys welcome to vlogmas day 16 I
love always unsure one day this even
though I announce what day it is every
single day I'm actually going to be
doing a little bit of last-minute
Christmas shopping with the jack so I'm
waiting for him to come over right now
we've both just been getting ready and
stuff I really want to go to a few
stores on Melrose like a few different
boutiques and Urban Outfitters
and I just have a random little things
that I need to get Alexi and I are gonna
be doing our own like gift exchange
today and I already have like a part of
her present and I have a few more things
I need to get
Oh should I just talk with my elbow
we've picked up Lexi where were you baby
babycakes speaking Donuts let's see that
oh my god okay okay I want to try this
on camera works this works okay I'm so
low so a jack ah this is just I can't
really move in this jacket that's pretty
good oh my god
story time so when Jack came in he was
like all right Chloe like my eyes will
irritate me a leg be more significant
sorry we're talking about this and I was
like all right like you want some eye
drops here you go
he's like throwing him in we get in the
car he goes wait Claudia all right I
don't think I have a contact in my left
eye I he forgot to put a contact high I
definitely put in but I think I well I
think it was an issue and I tried to
move it around and I must have it must
have come out somehow I don't know how I
don't know where it is but yeah now I
can only see a half of the world it's
really funny and now it's like crystal
clear but I'm really learning the
sizeThe like freaking me out I figured
getting hit by cars and so I snuck into
this golf course and this Mexican man
was like you're gonna get me in trouble
here couldn't get me in trouble and he
was so scared
because I was running here okay okay
story - wait wait this where is there a
golf course in this area down there
we're gonna pass it I decided this
morning and I wanted donuts which is
always me being here I don't like to
exercise so I'm like I don't know maybe
like 0.3 on my way of the run like not
mine it starts raining I'm like all
right it's like I can make it through
this like you going in a train car
doesn't matter I feel and a mile of the
way there and so I do that to me there's
a gate for it of course and so I wave
over the law know a guy named only one
I've been working off entire sorry no I
dropped the knife
no no no oh can you get oh oh can you
get it I think it's I think it Oh No
there is a chocolate doughnut covered
knife underneath my seat right now can
you see it from like you're behind you
oh yeah
yay when with lots of money you know I
know four years ago I hate myself for
this clip so we are at our last stop we
are in target I'm getting some some bags
everything and I'm getting this car here
can you hold this yeah I'm getting this
card for Lexie and it says for my wife
with love I'm not a kid anymore but I
still love gifts like the gift of our
marriage the gift of the year you just
shared and the year we have ahead of us
and the gifts of our love at Christmas
and always I love you with all my heart
so this is what I'm getting Lexie -
she's my wife he's got a nice bag you
got some soup remote aah oh my god her
we keep all right right in front of you
the fun of it was I I just did it for a
blog commentary proposing okay let's buy
this stuff so Lexie and I are just
chilling in my room I'm working on this
video cuz the editing is taking a long
time but I really want to make it look
cool and stuff I actually think I need
to film one more thing Lexie and I we
did our little gift exchange and I'm
really happy with my gift so that's
really fun so drew is about to leave
because he's going home today and he's
actually out on the balcony right now
dropping the keys for Lexie and vlogging
I know it's been a couple days but we're
basically just chilling in his room
chatting up having some great talks I
have to I have to listen to it but yeah
we've just been listening to her Lexie
just got here she's a bit out of breath
did you get your Chinese food
how rude
here are Drew's final words proposing a
weird I can see myself no okay
so basically my final words for everyone
is it's been a pleasure it's been very
honored to be on both of their channels
and I would like to wish you all a very
Merry Christmas and I hope Santa is good
drew McDonald everyone it's just a
mother/son type of thing that was
beautiful all right
the robe that I'm wearing right now was
actually one of my gifts from Lexie for
Christmas and you guys probably don't
understand how happy I am to be wearing
this robe right now because I have been
wanting of like a comfy hotel ask white
robe for the longest time and this right
here guys is like legit stuff she got me
this white robe from Nordstrom and it's
super soft on the inside
it has like that pattern and everything
so I was really happy to receive this
robe and then oh also we are playing
with this but I didn't really talk about
it we got some fake snowballs because
you know we don't really have snow here
in LA so Lexie was like hey you know
what we gonna get some fake snow so
these are the snow time anytime 30
snowballs of fun and basically the
package says hours of fun safe
everywhere
many games in one easy quick cleanup
imagination spired last and last hit of
any party when I saw these like in the
container I was like oh they're just
gonna be you know like little fluffy
balls just like little pillows or
something but these actually feel like
snow when you squeeze them I don't know
how to explain it like you guys hear
that
you squeeze it it has like the same
feeling that a snowball would have like
it's obviously fuzzy on the outside but
it has like that packing kind of like
feel to it like I don't know what's
inside this it's so weird
it feels so much like a snowball this is
pretty exciting I'm basically just gonna
be throwing them at anyone who comes
into our apartments now if any intruder
or you know burglars come in here we've
got our weapon things are great what
you're doing she's doing some laundry
right now are you did you start packing
yet on the bed I don't want her to leave
I'm not leaving until Saturday but
everyone is just leaving it like now oh
my god I got done that is so
inappropriate I must turn off the camera
now so I got my makeup all done I got my
retainer in got my hair curls ready to
go out I'll see you guys for vlogmas day
17 peace out that is a very large bag
okay no Jack say something really
interesting and funny and make my
vlogmas more exciting yep totally thank
you for
