that is a very large bag hey guys
welcome to vlogmas day 14 no 15 vlogmas
day 15 actually just two showers so
that's why I have wet hair right now but
I'm picking up Lexi and Jack from a
Ralph's right now because they have to
go to Michael's for some supplies I
think Lexi is in need of four Finley's
Christmas present and being the caring
and generous and thoughtful mother that
I am I'm gonna drive my children to
Michael's and I've really just been kind
of editing I can already tell you guys
that today's vlog is probably gonna be
the most uneventful vlog of vlogmas 2014
that's what I'm gonna guess because I
really don't think I'm doing anything
tonight and I just have a lot to clean
and a lot to edit and a lot to just kind
of get together but yeah let's go get
lucky Jack that is a very large bag no
Jack say something really interesting
and funny and make my vlogmas more
exciting yep totally thank you the 90
did you guys get anything did you got
your local dad events so Jack I thought
this black rose symbolize your soul and
I wanted to give it to you oh can we
talk about how festive that house is wow
wow we got us some some pizza so wait
what is the half that doesn't have
cheese this all has cheese hey that's
alright I like you some cheese oh this
looks great
I'm excited Lexi is watching mr. nobody
right now and it's making me so happy
because Jonah showed me this movie and
it's really
I definitely recommend you guys seeing
it what do you think so far are you
super confused the reality I'll let you
continue so Lexi and Jack gave us a
quick stop to say hello to Claudia I've
been sitting in my room editing so you
know they just came here to say hello
and you know wish me luck right right
right
that's ongoing whoo Thank You whoo no
but I'm really sad I want to hang out
with people but I think it
so this goober just came home and she is
watching Disney Channel I'm so jealous
right now getting a rocket or fighting
and mommy are climbing up the high road
that doesn't exist
I'll give it a monkey a shower he's over
there sister insane idiot
duska Phineas and Ferb are gonna do it
all
hello everyone so I'm currently editing
the vlog that is currently playing on
your computer screens and it is three
minutes lost that is the shortest fog
mist that I have ever made this year
nothing happened today though who's
worth blogging and you know what it is
all good because I really have been
trying to make these videos exciting
this year and a lot of you guys are
saying that you're really enjoying them
and that they're like a good length and
they're entertaining and stuff I do not
feel too bad just you know having one
vlog that's a little bit less
interesting than the rest of them your
position and camera angle anyways let's
see what can we talk about so in case
any of you guys are wondering I'm
actually going home from December 20th
which i think is this saturday and then
i come back here on january 3rd so i'm
actually gonna be home for a pretty long
time I'm really excited to see all my
friends and stuff because when I went
home for Thanksgiving break I got really
really sick again I only went out I
think one time so my friends are like
all right Claudia we were ok with it
last time but we are forcing you to hang
out with us this time around so I'm
excited and plus I I love spending New
Year's Eve back at home so it'll be fun
so we're gonna do a little casual and
comfy OTN for the night I've got this
Victoria Secret dark grey like half zip
up type of sweater thing brandy melville
tank top underneath got my Nike sweats
that I bought with my brothers we have
matching thank-you sweatpants so these
are actually men's sweatpants the fact
that I just gave you guys an outfit of
the day at 2:40 a.m. is definitely a
clear sign that I should probably in
this clip tomorrow hopefully will be a
better vlog because I actually have
plans to leave my room so that will be
exciting
I hope you guys somewhat maybe hopefully
kinda sorta enjoy today's vlog
we did it that's totally fine let's bait
we're gonna get down and dirty into the
cookie mix now a bread cookie mix is
that it gets really thick so we can't
really use your motorcycle yeah
