what is up you guys welcome to vlogmas
day 2 okay this this light situation
going on right here I can't seem to fix
it and it's really bothering me oh my
god you guys I don't know how I'm gonna
get through these next few days because
I woke up feeling like 40% worse yeah
like a solid 40 now I have like a stuffy
nose and I can't breathe out on one of
my nostrils I am so pissed
I'm butthurt why do I have to be sick
now fortunately the like yesterday and
today we're just like the days where I
just really like didn't have much going
on I don't really have anything planned
for today which makes me really happy
I'm probably gonna like watch a movie
and just like sit on the couch it's
already 2 p.m. I edited and uploaded at
yesterday's vlog mess and made myself
some lunch I'm gonna try to do something
tonight with like some with some friends
with someone just to spice up my day my
life my vlog
this is the setup right now whoa why
does this look like the color my eyes
we've got our green tea matcha latte
I've got my laptop about to watch a
movie and I've got some toilet paper to
blow my nose I decided that I'm gonna
watch The Tree of Life I've never heard
of this movie I like literally stumbled
upon the trailer last night I'll let you
guys know what I think but by just
reading all the comments everyone was
like this is more than a movie it is art
and I'm just like really excited to see
if it like Wow's me you know what I mean
like we just want to be wowed okay I we
made a slight adjustment very crucial
curtains blacked out Oh also I added
lights right there I don't think I ever
showed you guys on the vlog later today
I'm gonna go through and show you guys
like what I did cuz I was to put them
like along my stairs and it looks really
cute the lights are low the vibes are
right we're gonna get into this let's do
it yeah can you tell I'm really trying
to make vlog this content for you guys
Oh
the scariest thing just happened I'm
upstairs watching my movie all of a
sudden I hear my door open and some
weird plastic sounds I come downstairs
and I find this here and so what I think
just happened is I think Alexis saw that
I had like a package downstairs or
something and she must have like tried
for the door it wasn't locked so she
just put it in and didn't say anything
she literally just open the door put
this down closed door and left but I
literally was like dude someone's in my
apartment right now like I'm freaking
out but it takes her to confirm that but
I just think that's so funny that she's
like wait I didn't say anything cuz like
all my lights were off so she probably
just like assumed that I wasn't home I
guess we're doing an unboxing yes I
ordered this coat from urban and it
finally came I'm gonna make some popcorn
Claudia how are you making popcorn
without owning a microwave let's assume
that making on a stove is not possible
Claudia how are you making popcorn
without a microwave let me tell you
because this ladies and gentlemen is a
popcorn machine
that I recently I don't want to say the
word one but I received this during like
a white elephant party how freaking cute
so I've been eating like popcorn quite a
bit lately
yeah and goes the popcorn close up and
now we wait I'm just using some white
corn kernels some nice Lucroy on the
side I was too busy trying to melt some
ghee on a spoon to like drizzle in here
cuz I don't have butter and I did
freaking show you guys it working but
BAM there we have a full bowl of popcorn
let's go continue this movie that's
Becca give me content I was just talking
back I was like I'm so sick I don't know
what to do I was already talking back up
but I'm gonna let you guys know so I
started watching the Tree of Life and
it's just really slow and I just don't
have the patience or like attention span
today and I'm an awful human being also
so I moved on to Baywatch yay content oh
wait so wittle kitty this is dot there's
Derek oh my god she's so cute
famous she's so cute oh my god you guys
Alexa just called me saying she's
heading to the grocery store and she was
like got me to pick you up some chicken
soup for like an immunity shot also she
is the one that brought the package so
we're laughing it like how she's
speaking up my mom but like oh my god
what
I'm actually like filming a clip right
now but it's all gonna be fast forwarded
and it's gonna be like I was on the
phone while eating chicken ooh soup
because you don't understand that is
literally how boring my day has been you
guys I just tried calling my mom to like
FaceTime her just to hang out because
I'm bored and she was sleeping so she
was like not right now also hit up
Stefan but he's on an airplane in
Chicago so I'll see him there Giroud an
answer so we're just kidding I'm in this
like indecisive phase where I'm like
okay I could possibly leave the house
and maybe do something but also like I
probably shouldn't because I'm gonna
feel so much worse tomorrow ah vlogmas
17 is so late we're off to such a good
start
Wow I'm gonna show you guys some of my
Christmas decorations let's make this
more cheerful outside we've got pretty
lights clearly I have a very festive
neighbor this corner I have this little
twinkle tree that you guys always see in
the background and I just got these cute
little like silver and gold ornaments
from Target it looks so cute and dreamy
and the trees from Pottery Barn I think
anyways I love it up there i weaved
through sorry I just slipped you guys
off I weave through some fairy lights
and then also I did it on the staircase
don't mind all of the crap that's
underneath my stairs and all my stairs
but yeah I just like lined up some
lights this way too and it's so festive
I'm gonna show you guys how to make the
greatest hot chocolate that's also super
healthy like as healthy as it gets your
base is some chocolate flavor and almond
milk the unsweetened kind no grams of
sugar barely any ingredients and yeah it
just tastes like chocolate milk that's
not sweet and it's great because you're
not using sugar you can just sweeten it
with some stevia and then lastly to make
it a little more chocolatey I just use
some cocoa powder and yeah also this
stuff zero sugar thirty calories per two
tablespoons and
I don't even use two tablespoons yes
please thank you very much well scoop it
out you guys my night and turned into me
eating avocado on cauliflower crust
pizza watching hitch Friday night
I am currently loved on instagram at
Claudius loose key and yeah this is
happening because you know although
today was mostly spent in my bed ah
oh god that's weird ooh I got a little
something for you if you guys are not
excited for this video to end and you
want a little more Claudius sprinkled
into your day than a quick shout out to
my new show vs. it's available on go 90
you can watch the two first episodes on
YouTube I'll link them down below but if
you want to see all of the episodes thus
far I think there's like four outs right
now also I posted a blooper slash behind
the scenes on my main channel I hunted
down for those bloopers I went through
over an hour of footage and I
hand-picked some of the funniest moments
I sprinkled them in there - be sure to
check that out everything will be down
there below when I go to bed I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video I love you
guys I'm getting so weird I'm sorry okay
good morning guys welcome to day three
it's about 11:00 and I'm like going in
and out of sleep post mates and creation
bringing me back to health but I got two
salads because I don't have a lot of
food in the fridge I got the meltdown
salad and a hell vegan chicken and
Caesar we've got a little sunrise
smoothie a bunch of shots this one is
the antibiotic shots we've got feel
better
vitamin C D congestion and then the Glo
juice I don't even know why I picked
this one out but it also says
recommended for headache relief and skin
and I'm down for both of those
