our beautiful creations hey guys welcome
to vlogmas day 14 it feels weird to talk
because this is the first complete
sentence that I will be saying today
I've literally been sitting at this
computer all day editing my video and
it's really not really cool I'm actually
show you guys like a little snippet of
the intro so I'm really excited for you
guys to see that video but yeah I've
basically just been sitting here and
working on this so I haven't really had
the chance to you know kind of walk to
you guys and talk about whatever I don't
know I have nothing to talk about
because this is what I've been doing all
day but I'm actually heading over to
target right now I'm getting Christmas
gifts and I'm also picking up some
baking supplies because today I will be
making gingerbread cookies with Jonah
because he has never baked in his entire
life which is so hard to believe because
I feel like I have like grown up baking
but he has no idea he made plans to hang
out so I'm gonna show up with like
gingerbread cookie mix and all the
ingredients and stuff and it's gonna be
a great time so I need to pick that
stuff up and I'm actually gonna head
over right now I don't really know where
Lexi has been all day she's been out and
about I think she's also doing Christmas
shopping and stuff she's been kind of
doing her own thing and I've been doing
my own thing oh yes this is what we need
I'm picking up the ingredients
and I was gonna get some normal cookie
cutters but I found these ninja ones
instead so I thought they're more
interesting and they had sparkly
frosting so I'm excited so I just
finished getting ready to go hang out
and I've got my backpack of baking
supplies let's go
so I have picked up Jonah the great it's
me
Wow I bet they're not tired honestly
stop vlogging with him all right so
we're going to a secret location and
Jonah has no idea where we're going take
a guess what do you think we're going
okay so first off she showed up to the
house with with like cookie mix yes I
already sold it okay yeah whatever
you're the only one who doesn't know I
would say that we're probably going to
go to my favorite actor ever Shia
LaBeouf's house that's what I think is
happening very close okay
hey that looks pretty good
yeah so we're here it's like this little
lookout area I don't even know if it's
like private property or public because
in see the light so much yeah I right
there the moving light like through the
camera oh yeah you can see right there
there's a good beam of light this cliff
is like a little Peninsula so you go all
the way around
see hmm it's like Florida but you know
click yes it is the Florida version of a
cliff the cliff version of Florida you
can take it anyway
actually over there you guys won't see
it where the two like red dots are
that's where the Hollywood sign is this
guy never he doesn't know what the
Hollywood sign is he didn't know I had
no idea
Oh guys we're about to do something so
exciting Jonah's first time baking in
you never I'm so not over it I mean to
be honest that is the most exciting part
so you've pretty much experience what
needs to be experienced welcome to
cooking with Chef Marsh yo my name is
Marshall and we're going to be cooking
gingerbread cookie we'll be discussing
how to use these ninja things because
you're not cookie cutters is the word
thank you to my lovely assistant Candace
hey guys this appears to be something
that I that I would just drink it's just
like a pre son pouch for you could
probably honestly drink this I know how
thirsty you are so it's like my pictures
it's nothing like on please here's my
reasoning behind this okay I know you
make eggs all the time so there could
have been a possibility that Jonah ran
out of eggs today today could have been
the day and how awful would that be if
we would have to go out and get an egg
let's bait we're gonna get down and
dirty into the cookie mix now mix is
that it gets me
it's Halleck a stress reliever for those
of you who've never baked I'm sure
everyone has issues we're on to Barry so
we're over here making our cookies our
first batch we're ninjas to have already
been eaten they didn't survive but here
we got a little creative I made a little
sdk gingerbread house in that heart it
was meant to be a taco
we'll see it better not mess up my
snowflake that is my work of art that
poop that piece of poop is mine you guys
want to see Jonas yeah we've got a cat
and we've got Jonas gravestone tombstone
and what is this um I need it to pick up
space and he's put it there yes so we
just put it there
maybe we could put some flan with me and
the cat died such boys would house lives
burrito coming oh man are you kidding
once I put some icing on it it's going
great our beautiful creations I actually
have not had a cookie yet with the icing
on it oh I forgot everything about
how to sucker
this whole no does a really cute minute
what you got this girl by my house
Christmas with the Kranks um excuse me
sir I am I am are you okay three
children and I am trying to put my bed
I'm actually a homeless person right the
cop is here hey vlogmas so we watched a
movie and then we fell asleep okay but
it was super
