good morning guys and welcome to a vlog
missed a 12
I am vlogging and driving right now
because I'm kind of in a rush to go to
the custom misty V studio I literally
woke up at 10:30 because for some reason
my alarm clock just did not wake me up I
don't remember it going off or anything
like that that is like the fastest I've
ever gotten ready so I've just finished
filming all of these Hollywood videos
they were just kind of like reports
about different flowers and stuff but I
forgot to vlog when I was with everyone
I just said bye to them but hunter is up
there and Lauren Hudson and it was great
seeing them but I'm about to leave the
awesomeness right now and it went really
great and appreciated finished a little
bit earlier than I was supposed to which
is awesome that was actually my first
time reading off of like a teleprompter
that was really exciting and super easy
because you don't have to like memorize
anything but I've got to my validation
right here let's go back home so I just
came home and found this little box it
had a little note that said to Claudia
on its butt it had my address so I took
it off but let's see what's in here
it's from Conde Nast this is already so
cute look at the tape that they used
it's like a floral tape oh right I want
they take too so for starters they wrote
a really cute note and then we've got
some little some little glasses that say
Teen Vogue you tube on them and then oh
this is the newest edition of the Teen
Vogue handbook insiders guide to careers
in fashion this will be really fun to
look through Thank You Conde Nast I love
you guys so this chica over here is
eating her gingerbread house for
breakfast well you see this is just
unpractical because it is raining
outside today
and what are your gingerbread men gonna
do when they had don't have a roof he
knows rainbows yeah it only snows
rainbow but what is gonna snow the house
yeah so I changed my outfit because it
is really cold outside today it's been
raining all morning and I'm also like
starting to feel sick again
bad yeah we look a little unapproachable
I'm wearing like all black black boots
this really really large like cape
looking cardigan thing skater boy
sweatshirt big ripped jeans and then the
high heels black sneakers so we're going
shopping right now to get a few
last-minute gifts for tonight's gift
exchange and yeah that's that's pretty
much the plan right now okay so this is
such a like roommate like problem ball
we found out today that were actually
both Pisces and when she said that I
like literally screaming on flex is fine
I knew I liked you firuze I'm he's like
as we were watching out Lexi was like
hold up I want to spray myself I'm not
wearing anything I was like same here
she goes for the warm vanilla sugar and
I was like dude I was gonna go for that
as well this is why we're Pisces and
this is what improvement okay guys so
Lexi and I just need to brag for a
minute right here a new Joey
yeah we need a new night we can ok
youtubers are at Maine but I'm not get
skinny we are so excited for everyone to
see their kiss because we killed it this
year like I said it's everything I
envisioned in my 18 years of living
can't ask for anything hotter we are
like super happy and pumped up we're
going to CBS right now to go get some
gift wrap because we went to this other
store and with no dollars for one role
and we needed like at least two because
we got like you know quite a few things
there's no reason so there is one you
don't over get wrap it's just going to
be on the present and
someone won't see their actual present
and then throw it out so we're gonna go
to CBS and get some cute inexpensive
affordable gift route and then we're
gonna head home and continue our day
we're here at CBS where is the Christmas
stuff is this it the bags that is a very
large meal Oh sweetness how much are
these let's let's compare 399 Wow and we
almost bought $10 ones that one is very
cute I like that one a lot
hey Jack's room right now is Rebecca and
Jack Andrew I'm Eddie and I'm currently
stealing their edits
I'm currently stealing their internet
right now because ours is just not
working for some reason I think it
should be up right now but we're just
chilling listening to you
drew looks like he wants to say
something no no wait you plugged in to
Wi-Fi to talk to Aaron Isaac shakily I
didn't realize that we had set up
automatic payments and so I had to call
up
I think and then journey even realize
he's sitting right next to it that'll
calm and so my god are you sure that was
me oh it was me because I put the light
in usually we do not know how to
approach situation and we were like well
no oh my god well that's hilarious but
yeah we're sitting here just chillin to
someone else miss who was the best best
friend ever
Lexi forgot her favorite knife so I
picked it up for her
the unfortunate remains of Lexi's
gingerbread house it was beautiful while
it lasted
rest in peace so we're here at Lindsey
and Megan's with the family no one's
saying it's so great love so much you
guys see you guys have seen this I'm
about channel right it's all right
Christmas in here I love it but look at
all the adorable oh my god oh so cute
and so excited so he's gonna start the
gift
wait but name all right what are we
doing your eyes close your eyes
all right oh my god we just got tickets
to a kailani concert from Jack and Drew
and we're all we're all freaking going
this is great
got little Maddy we got we got
gingerbread look at it with this
gingerbread they are getting so many
snacks this
look who's back up on man I just got
here I'm so sorry
I just don't like these vlog Jack what
do you thought well that's a nice day
I'm so sorry did you like your present
wait let me bite my lip I like I love
all the presents I don't think I've
blogged all them for you guys cuz we're
all just like shouting and screaming and
stuff but everyone loved their presents
and it was nothing here whatever like
okay I'm not gonna film this entire
thing it's gonna be like 20 minutes long
we're just kind of hanging around listen
to music having a little holiday partay
not really but yeah that's about it
really thanks awesome holy hey blog
how's it going I figured we just would
you know just uh just the two of us in a
hammock so what's going on recently I
found out that I have a rare disease
known as I know Claudia edits something
good here I'm not I'm not thinking too
good right now this is that useless clip
Claudia just put it in your
trash can so I wanted to end off today's
vlogmas here I will see you guys for
tomorrow's video bye
