found the jackpot we found the food hey
guys welcome to vlogmas day 8 it's about
1:30 I would say right now and Lexia are
actually going to a live taping of
American Idol which is really exciting I
remember I told you guys in yesterday's
vlog that we were gonna go like get some
gingerbread house kits and film a collab
today with drew and Jack but we did not
realize that this show thing starts at
2:00 p.m. we thought it would be
starting at like I don't know 7 p.m. or
something like that so our whole day has
kind of been flopped I have no idea when
this is gonna end but hopefully we'll
still have time to get everything done
that we planned for yesterday but we
just finished getting ready I'll show
you guys my outfit real quick once I go
to my room he's feeling kind of sick
right how you feeling yeah it'll be
really fun I'm excited I've never done
anything like this before so I'm like no
idea what to expect
so my outfit is very casual I just have
this like panda muscle tee it supposed
to look like Prada but it says panda
bear and then I'm wearing my leather
jacket from bow to skins and I'm just
wearing some knee high boots from Zara
and some black leggings from Lululemon
so I just wanted to be very comfortable
today my hair still kind of wet so it is
day 8 of vlogmas No
we've got our little curtain so cool
someone special I said a special I
messed up you were here inside the house
of Zeus aha super cool super fancy we're
getting a nice little tour that is where
the judges will be sitting more faces
look at more faces more girls today
what's up hi we have quite a bit of time
until the showcase started - I thought
it started at 2:00 but then I was gonna
be late and I was gonna miss everything
and they were gonna let me know yeah
this is like a full-day event it's
pretty much all day oh are you
performing today are you is this is this
the song I'd like a real right and it is
American Idol so me Emily and Lexi found
the jackpot we found the food we found
the foods we've got the vegetables the
chips the hummus this is actually kind
of cool you can see all of the screens
and stuff
so what yeah we're about to meet the
judges
whoa that is a very cool walking
we just got back home and it's about
8:00 p.m. so it's definitely lasted a
little longer than we thought it would
which is totally fine because it was an
awesome experience so I quickly wanted
to thank American Idol InStyle Hall for
hooking us up with this whole just
experience cuz it was really awesome we
basically got to go there just to kind
of promote and get people Pumped for the
new season so that was a lot of fun I
got to meet Ryan Seacrest and all the
judges sing JLo in the flash I took a
selfie with her I'll throw it in right
here
that was incredible but yeah because
this whole thing took up our entire day
we did not have time to film the collab
video that I want to do with Jack drew
Lexi and myself I think we're gonna film
that on Wednesday I mean no we are
filling that on Wednesday because I
won't have time tomorrow but I actually
think I'm gonna head over to Target
right now to get all of the gingerbread
house like making kits and stuff so that
I have everything ready to go because I
don't have really anything else to do
tonight in camera doesn't know if it
should focus on you or me oh no fight oh
my god don't even don't even try
and scene you're going to Bible study
tonight
and ready whenever so do you guys just
want to like come over here and then
we'll drive to Target together I found
friends to come with me to Target so
look enjoy there I'm going to
acknowledge the fact that a camera is a
it's really great my kids are running
fighting for the shotgun seat this is
ridiculous they're insane so quick
backstory Lexi and Jack always fight
about who gets the shotgun every single
time we go somewhere and back sarvatma
switch using something to make right now
we are not getting to be corn muffin mix
what are we doing I think oh wait you
guys why not the white chocolate
peppermint whatever so we found the
gingerbread cookie house kits and we're
getting four of them I have no idea how
much they cost because it just doesn't
say prices so watch them be like twenty
dollars each but we're doing it and
apparently we're doing this as well so
this right here my friends is a great
time but we're currently at the target
cafeteria eating our dinner black seeds
you want to share what you're eating for
dinner do it okay so I knew that I
need some carbs to keep my energy up
whoo I decided to go with the classic
Oreo cookie
to keep me awake keep you going keep you
kicking please so nutritious and
delicious
I'm loving it let's get this technique
on blog miss taking a little bit of some
cream cheese icing and gently spreading
it slathering it on to the red Oreo
filling and your thoughts it doesn't
taste any different yeah so it is
extremely late right now and I'm
actually gonna go head to bed but yeah
basically everyone is sleeping right now
Jack and drew went home we kind of just
hung around the living room for like two
hours and everyone left but that is it
for of vlogmas day eight I hope you guys
enjoyed it I feel like I didn't get like
enough footage for most of the show we
couldn't use any cameras or any phones
because we were kind of like now in the
crowd and since we're like on camera you
can't like have your phone on you and
things like that so it's kind of hard
finding the right time to vlog and show
you guys around and stuff but today was
a really fun day and that is it for
today's vlog so I will see you guys
tomorrow for the next vlog mess bye guys
we are currently having a quickie baby
to jam sesh on the way to Ikea also I
