oh my god I am still not over this
quality Lexy and I actually have a date
- don't leave I'm using my phone to vlog
right now and he just accidentally took
a selfie that was great uh hi guys
welcome to vlogmas day one two three
four five six seven don't mind like the
crazy hair and stuff whatever I've been
laying in bed editing yesterday's vlog
miss and I just finished it so I'm about
to go upload that I'm a little upset and
flustered because my vlogging camera is
not not doing its job well for some
reason the footage that I am importing
from my camera like some of it will
randomly just cut black and make like
that noise like let me show you guys why
did that happen
and then hold on let's see there's
another one I'll be back it sucks
because this keeps happening and it's
happening during a lot of like the cute
funny moments so I get scared to walk on
this because I don't know you know
what's gonna be all messed up and
sounding and what's gonna be okay
honestly I thought I've gotten to the
point where I just need to get like a
new vlogging camera or something because
I don't even want to risk like ruining
any moments by having this camera that
doesn't work but let's go let's get our
little advent calendar here we go oh my
god surprise it is a again here is my
super lovely fashionable outfit I'm
actually wearing my new shorts that I
got from Ness to Gayle they're really
really comfortable and they go pretty
well with my like Topshop shoes and then
my striped t-shirt is just from brandy
melville it's like a white and red
striped shirt but I'm actually heading
it to a Best Buy of right now and pick
up my new vlogging camera I'm so excited
because I know you guys don't really
like the iPhone
quality and stuff and I seriously just
like need to get anyone so this is a
very exciting day I also believe that my
vlog news but yesterday is up which is
also great okay guys so an hour or like
an hour and a half later I finally have
my camera I went to a Best Buy that was
closer to me and online it said that
they had it in stock they didn't so I
had to go to one that was farther away
but I have the camera and I don't know
if the battery is charged up in here yet
but once we get home we'll figure that
out and also I just got like another SD
card to put inside of it and then also
when I get home I'll do a little talking
off you guys because I got a few things
because I clearly oh my god quality I
wonder how good it's gonna look oh my
god well I already know some youtubers
who have have used this but oh my god
this is so exciting okay so let me do a
quick little target haul I got more of
these little things some more hooks I
got some diet peach Snapple fun fact I
am obsessed with this stuff and I drink
it all the time it's basically like my
version of coffee I also decided to try
this nail polish drying spray have you
ever tried this Lexi does it actually
work it helps it helps alright as long
as it helps because I'm so impatient
when it comes to drying my nails I also
got some spray lotion some nail polish
remover that was the main reason why I
even went to Target and some cotton
thingies yeah oh my god I am still not
over this quality it is so great
hopefully it's like as good as I think
it's gonna be but we are about to head
to Ikea right now because we need to
return some stuff and buy some stuff
so Lexi and I are about to go to Ikea
and she's actually peeling an orange
right now at the garbage can so I'm
about to pick her up and let her do that
I wanted to give you guys a quick little
tip this is for all my girls out there
who you know just are singing all ready
to mingle and really just want to you
know pull in the boys one of my
tips would be getting one of these
things if you drive because she's coming
back I constantly have one of these in
my car and it makes my car smells super
good and I definitely recommend it cuz
when all the boys come in your car
they're like wow your car smells
delicious that means you must be a very
delicious smelling person and then
usually you know like it works these are
there so that is my tip for the day
keep your car smelling great because it
will most likely not get you a boyfriend
but it's still a great thing to have a
nice smelling car
we are currently having a quickie baby
to jam sesh on the way to Ikea
also I just painted my nails black but
they're already getting messed up which
is great boy last time I totally
guys the sky is so purple and beautiful
my zoom up on this thing
dang that's so pretty
so we are at IKEA right now and we found
the drawers that we're looking for so
right now we're going back to the
warehouse I get them what you choose
would you figure out in people there's
so many I don't do well around red
candles because you can't get enough of
them ever am i right late we're just
kind of walking around sharing different
facts about ourselves we're talking
about our favorite animals for a solid
like 10 minutes favorite setting
favorite setting as far as where like
you like to be and we both agree that we
love being up high
kind of good mountainous areas where you
can look at really breathtaking views
with a 12 12 mile an hour wind and 77
degrees so it's 77 partly partly cloudy
but mostly Sun that would be the ideal
environment for both of us comes below
what your ideal oh my god I want to hear
it do you guys like are you more like a
beach person and maybe like in a field
of flowers or like in a tropical area
like maybe like a forest yes that's what
we're doing so I can't stay this room
they're probably all here to get under
bed storage and red candles that's my
that's my guess so I'm about to start
building my little drawer things for
underneath my bed alright guys this is
the most satisfying noise ever
oh that salsa oh oh so I just finished
building one of the drawers it is
actually pretty easy it just kind of
took a lot of time but it is almost 8
o'clock and Lexi and I actually have a
date you two should come where they're
like let's do a three-way date so we're
going on a day
Ellen no I don't you guys I don't think
I've ever shown Taylor in a vlog but
we're going to the Cheesecake Factory
and with Taylor yeah you might know her
from Lindsey's logs beanie baby yeah
they are friends from school and that's
how we met Taylor and now we're going on
a bunch of appetizers salmon rolls right
so we just got home and I am so freaking
full it's weird because when I got
really sick back at home like every time
I get sick I don't really tend to like
crave eating like I just like don't Lila
and I've kind of just been like getting
over the sickness for the past few days
so this is like the first like large
meal that I actually like sat down and
ate really quickly cuz I'm a very fast
eater so right now my body is like whoa
they're slowed down cuz I've just been I
don't know for the past few days like
it's been really weird I've been just
like kind of like eating smaller snacks
and just like whatever
so I'm like so overwhelmed right now my
stomach is overwhelmed is what I'm
trying to say but we're home I think
like soon are just staying in and we're
just getting getting some work done I
want to start editing this video that
you guys are watching and also I need to
finish my drawer and start putting
clothes inside of it and
that stuff let's go do that stuff so it
is about 2:45 a.m. and I'm actually
editing the video that you guys are
watching right now and I realize that I
did not film a goodbye clip so that is
what I'm doing right now oh let me show
you guys the under bed storage that I
built
don't mind the random stuff on the
ground but this is what it looks like I
don't know if I'm gonna have it on this
side of my bed or on the opposite side
but basically there are just two drawers
and they roll out like this so I've just
got my pajama like t-shirts and shorts
in here and then in this one I've got my
hoodies hoodies and sweatpants and stuff
like that so I'm really really happy
that I have these two now because I
saved so much space so that is it for
today's vlog in this video I hope you
guys enjoyed it and I'm super excited
for tomorrow because tomorrow will be a
very eventful day I will be filming a
collab video with three other youtubers
you know them very well Lexi Jack and
Drew I'd also be going to a live taping
of American Idol which will be really
exciting because I've never done
something like that before so we've got
a long day plans ahead of us but it's
gonna be really exciting so I'm going to
bed once I finish editing this video and
I will see you guys tomorrow bye Oh so
welcome to vlogmas day 6 6 6
