so welcome to vlogmas day six six and we
are going to Alfred's
I believe right oh it's it's a it's like
a coffee shop I've never been there Jack
keeps raving about it so I guess let's
see how that is but let's open up this
calendar what's gonna be in here oh wait
just kidding I put the same thing in
every single day and I built it myself
that's that's basically what's going
down
I mean we're gonna go to a coffee shop
I'm really excited so we're here at
Alfred's and we're sitting outside
would you get Jack no your hat is so
cute Tommy you got it microwave - you
asked for it to be microwaved that is
fancy stuff so I was gonna get like a
coffee but I saw they had juice and I
haven't had juice in a while so I got
that and then also Lex and I both got a
pumpkin parfait with coconut whipped
cream that just sounds very intriguing
Jack and I so we decided that you know
just take your normal outfit and
Christmas fine summer sexist I got a
drip coffee so we're just gonna have
chill here either your snacks oh wait
let's try this on camera so we're back
in Jessa car
god I haven't used that name in so long
that her name you ask my car's name
Jessica um and we're we're gonna head
home now okay so this is before before
before before let's see my room my room
it's too bad just like I do to make my
bed and here is the after oh yeah
still got that thing in there but it's
getting out here at some point in our
lives it also had like a randomly here
it's just thinking or that but yeah it's
clean and look at this suitcase is gone
here two bikes he cleaned her room I
clean mine it's a grand old time I'm
done cleaning and I'm really really
tired so I'm gonna take it out and I
usually don't take a lot of naps but
really I'm in for a nap right now so
peace so Lexi and I are heading over to
trader hos right now to get our grocery
shopping on see I did there it's called
share Joe's but I call the chair hose to
be a little oh I didn't even notice that
I actually just woke up from a nap he
was like a nice one and a half maybe two
hour now it really could have been more
but we got stuff to do so I'm I feel
kind of out of it right now I woke up
and I was like oh my god is it like 1:00
a.m. but it was only like 6:30 and we're
actually having people over today so we
need to get some goodies we obviously
you guys saw the apartment is looking in
tip-top shape and I'm really struggling
here to put my seat belt on so I'm gonna
go for now but there we go
oh look at how jolly it is in here
this is so cute they're like playing
Christmas music
that was really cute so here are the
foods that I'm getting here the foods
that Lexi is getting so we've just got
home and I'm not too hungry so I'm
making like a smart are you are you
posing with some cheese what cheese did
you get Parmesan oh that sounds good let
me show you guys I'm just making a
roasted chicken patty because I haven't
had these in a while and then also some
watermelon so very strange combo does it
really stop
alright guys do not get the pot chipotle
sauce let wait let me try it
kind of strange there's more people in
there but Lexi and I will be hosting a
nice little shindig just you know and
are at our pad the Cruz family we're
missing Jacqueline
we're actually without even trying which
is great
I think he's literally napping right now
yeah I'm really excited this is gonna be
everybody all of us and them yeah guys
this is a very monumental moment we'll
be back
it's a bog spring we literally have a
shower since the day that Lexi moved in
and today is the day that we throw it
out don't be sad this is a good moment
see you soon
they don't they don't know where to put
it am i following you they just left so
sad to say goodbye then new beginnings I
guess I went to end up today's vlog here
vlogmas day 6 I thought to go to nope
not it literally feels like one Missy -
were saying that like it's going so high
yesterday I was like I didn't realize it
would say five like it's really just
like we're gonna take care of this we're
just a little mess right now and I was
getting sweaty but that is it for
today's vlog hope you guys enjoyed it if
you did like it and give me bombard yes
I will see you for father's day seven by
doing well I was trying to find my old
credit cards like get final cut on this
computer yeah
