oh my god they're huge hey guys welcome
to vlogmas day 4 so I'm about to tell
you guys a fact and guys are gonna hate
me when you hear this but it is 7
o'clock p.m. and this is the first clip
that I am filming for the day but
honestly and when I say honestly this is
literally what went down today I woke up
ate breakfast went on to the computer to
start editing and I'm still editing it I
knew this was gonna happen because I
just have a lot of work to do on the
computer today and I mean literally like
I've just been in my room all day I have
not left I mean I literally can't even
think of what to say because I just did
anything all day and I him nothing on my
mind
Oh Lexi's coming today yes I do Lexi is
coming today at about 8 o'clock ish and
so I'm gonna go pick her up at the
airport we had plans to go see like a
live band tonight and we might possibly
still go but I'm just getting really
worried about this video because I
really just want to finish it
so I don't know if we're gonna do that
yet although I will say I've been
listening to what James Blake pretty
much all day and I've been really liking
this album it's from 2011 and I think
the album is literally just called to
James blank but you guys like slower
music but it's really good
actually while we're here I'm photobooth
let's see what effects they have I
haven't played with this and so on
oh okay wait a second
this is so cool oh my god I am literally
invisible right now dang
how's that for some eyebrow game huh oh
my god they're huge
I've encountered a time it is before
it's so what is down here hey fun fact 4
is actually my lucky and favorite number
oh yeah we got sick so
Lexie's about to leave in like 20
minutes so I'm kind of running late
already so I really need to go to the
airport right now
okay I'm literally this is not legal you
need to get in get in I would ask you
how your flight was but we are just on
the phone for like 10 minutes so happy
we're both just a mess right now okay
yeah he's freaking hot we're gonna dress
this so much is going on and of course I
decided to vlog I literally have no
footage because I've been sitting like
at my computer all day this is probably
gonna be the peak of the vlog I hate
2:30 guys in the cupholder but I should
really wow he's very attractive
oh yeah he's got a girl all right boys
I'm just gonna see you guys later what
I'm not driving this is very very okay
but I'm so glad Lexi's day hello
so Lexie and I just got back home and
Lexie is actually feeling really really
sick I actually feel really bad so she
just passed out she's you know over in
her room sleeping right now maybe once I
edit a little more I'll stop and just
talk to you guys about random I don't
know what but you know we'll figure it
out
I don't know I just feel really bad
because I hate uploading the vlog that's
like two minutes long three minutes long
so I'm taking him anything break and
watching some vlogmas shout out to Megan
I'm currently watching hers right now
and I'm getting so tired and literally
did not go to bed until like 5:30 a.m.
the night before so I'm just getting
real pooped
let's talk music favorites well for
starters I have a Spotify and you guys
can listen to the playlist that I make I
don't make all my playlists public but I
do have a really good chunk of that
so I'll link my Spotify down there but
let's see one of the songs that I've
been really enjoying lately I have this
playlist I'm just like happy music that
I like to listen to when I'm just kind
of feeling real good about life and you
know what I'm doing and stuff so the
first one on that playlist is arrows by
the fences and it's featuring Macklemore
and fun fact I actually listened to the
fences performing this song with
Macklemore on like a rooftop so that was
really cool because they were like 50
other people on the roof maybe even less
and so that was really cool being able
to be so close to that man like listen
to the song so every time I play the
song I kind of like think of that moment
and how happy I wasn't stuff so this is
it
it's a pretty good like pumpup song to
listen to like while you're driving or
mornings so I've been really just
enjoying that song also as far as pop-up
songs go I've been really obsessed with
break the rules by Charli XCX it's like
such a like typical kinda classic girl
punk rebel song but it's just really
really catchy so I really like listening
to this song specifically when I'm like
cleaning my room or if I'm filming and I
don't need to record audio so this is it
I've pretty much just been enjoying
every single song on my falling time
playlist haha get it I wrote fall in all
caps because it's like the music that
I've been listening to this fall well
it's not a fall anymore it's winter but
I'm still really enjoying that but
specifically I've been really loving a
black bear the first song on here is
called a DFC I don't care and
this one this one is so good I listened
to it like 20 times day can maybe not
but like a lot that's man I know also
Jack showed me the song at moondust by
James Young this one this one is also
great I'll also be linking on all of
these individual songs like down there
if you guys don't have Spotify just so
that you guys don't have to like you
know stop the video and play or whatever
I'll just have it all down there but
this one is really really nice as well
it's kind of slower but it it's a very
great tune
that's that one supergreens
califor mullah by black bear wonderful
I've been really obsessed with
opportunity cost by gez recently this
one's really really great to listen to
in the car oh yeah okay this one's a
little bit more energetic and this is
actually a really old song I remember
like listening to it with my cousin
Daria or something like a few years ago
I don't shout out to Daria
oh she was looking all of my vlogmas
videos last year that's so sad but
hopefully I'll be able to see her over
break so that you know we can you can
have a little throwback and put our back
in ease but it's let me think about it
by Ida Corr I just remember like the
music video was like girls with like
saxophones and it's just such a like I
don't know it's kind of weird but I
really good sorry so I'm about to go
wash my face and brush my teeth and all
of that stuff because I am so tired I
need to go to bed but that is it for
vlogmas day 4 and yeah I will see you
guys tomorrow for vlogmas day i oh oh my
god guys I'm literally seeing this for
the first time right now cuz there's not
a mirror in front of me but for the
first scene we're filming I'm already
supposed to be dredged from the car
