get away with me without water so
today's just been like I'm also getting
a haircut today that's why I've got this
going on hey guys welcome to vlogmas day
3 it is very early in the morning right
now it's like 6:30 or something and I'm
currently getting ready to go to my
shoot and I don't know if I'm allowed to
talk about it yet it's for makeup brand
and I'm really excited it's gonna be
kind of more like on the funnier side at
least from what I can tell but yeah
hopefully I'll be able to blog while
we're on the side and stuff and be able
to show you guys like behind the scenes
and all that jazz but I just finished
packing up like my backpack a few
outfits and stuff alright all of you
guys haven't given me so much crap about
me doing the epic calendar the wrong way
so we're gonna change it to the way that
you guys want me to do it it is December
3rd and we're gonna take out from you're
so close little guy you got it you got
it here we go so I just got a car and we
are ready to go
I'm here on set isn't it so cool I'm
just totally kidding um we're in a hotel
room I'm about to get my meet and yes
we've just kind of been like trying
outfits and stuff and I think I'm gonna
be able to film like on set and stuff so
I have permission which is awesome so I
can kind of show you guys what will be
going down and stuff but we're at a
hotel right now because we have to film
a scene in the bathroom
basically I'm getting a splash by a cab
driving by so I kind of have to like go
in and touch my makeup up
Oh oh my god guys I'm literally seeing
this for the first time right now cuz
there's not a mirror in front of me but
for the first scene we're filming I'm
already supposed to be dredged from the
car so there we go we this is what we
have so far and we're gonna start
streaking it but I'm also getting a
haircut today that's why I've got this
going on we're just gonna shave my head
because we figured you know if I'm
getting my hair wet I might as well just
shave it and then use a wig because you
know we have multiple wigs back in there
so we're just gonna do that but we're
gonna go pour some water on my face
right now I'll be right back guys so
today it's just been like I just cried
so here's the first look so fabulous
thank you for making me look so good
area and now we're we're getting ready
to wet my hair because obviously my hair
needs to get wet if I'm getting splashed
by guards so we're about to film the
first scene here's a little sneak peek
for doing in the bathroom it's gonna be
real nice and roomy in here so we
officially wrapped up in the bathroom we
just had to film a bunch of kind of
makeup scenes and stuff me applying on
the makeup so now we are going on to the
second location where is the second
hope Street no no so it's close by right
yeah that's too much I'm cool so we're
going to black down and read from the
rice and stuff we've changed locations
read this really cool up hearts mates
and we are eating right now
yeah we all like literally got the same
thing and I'm just sitting here in
silence eating it so I am getting my
makeup touched up right now and we're
about to film the next shot which is
actually gonna maybe intro but we
finished filming all of the stuff that
we had to film over there I don't
remember if I've logged before it
honestly everything's just becoming kind
of a blur but yeah we filmed a bunch of
like voiceovers and the intro and outro
stuff and it all worked out lovely so
now we're going outside I believe that
I'm filming
I'm filming the outdoor clips it's
raining outside so this will be fun
alright so I just bumped into my
umbrella what's up you want to say
anything to vlog back to you when I'm
watching this you're gonna watch this
leg 24 hours I know yeah so we're
outside right now and I'm filming a
scene at the
behind me right there he's gonna be
saving my day my life giving Jerry he's
very cute my name is Frey and he's gonna
be like saving me with an umbrella so
tough for that so the super steamy okay
well I'm gonna turn
say hey guys how does that food you just
got that's rain oh it's great now we're
ready to go so we are ready to film the
last scene of the day oh you can walk
back there you're alive
and everyone else is pretty much outside
I just had to recur some pieces and
stuff no get away with me with that
water it's time for the water for the
car splash oh no that's a lot of water
alright this right here is about to just
completely get drunk so it is officially
got some water
the dunked on me so that's you know
great a little cold a little wet but it
was fun and we just finished and I'm
really excited to see what came out so
and an awesome day sights the past five
minutes so we're just gonna ignore this
right here this thing right here just
like pretend it's not there see it's not
there Wow I was picking at it it wasn't
a good idea I'm actually gonna be ending
at today's vlog with this clip because
honestly all that I have left to do
today is just a whole lot of editing so
there's really nothing exciting to be
documented already started editing this
vlog and as of right now it's only like
6 minutes and 48 seconds and that's
really short and I feel really really
bad but as you guys could see my day was
pretty busy and it was kind of hard to
find you know times to vlog and stuff
but I definitely feel like I tried my
best and I think I got some good footage
today
so this is gonna be it for vlogmas day 3
I know it was a little bit shorter and
probably not as entertaining but you
know we're gonna have days like this and
we're gonna have things that are a whole
lot better so I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video and I will see you guys
tomorrow for vlogmas day oh no those
tres quatro I just hit myself in the
face every single time while doing that
so that was great alright bye all good
oh crap I did something else
