yes man get on my car all good oh crap I
did something else I'm back with the
boys hey guys welcome to vlogmas day two
so i'm sitting here being it's such a
21st century child right now I've got my
laptop on my lap and I'm also working on
my other computer but I just uploaded a
blog missed day one I wanted to talk
about how I'm uploading these because I
know that this year a lot of people
started uploading their vlogmas date
want videos on December 1st I was really
confused because I thought vlogmas is
you vlog every single day in December
but a lot of people started vlogging
like the last day of November and then
uploaded their first vlogmas on December
1st
I don't know so a lot of people are
tweeting me like where's your vlogmas
video I thought you were doing it so
basically what I'm doing is I started
vlogging on December 1st and obviously I
can't vlog edit and upload within the
same day because otherwise I'd be
uploading videos at like 2:00 a.m. and
you guys would be sleeping so what I'm
doing is I'm vlogging I'm editing that
same night uploading it overnight and
you guys will be seeing it the next
morning or afternoon I'm also doing my
last few like voiceovers for this video
which actually is turning out pretty
good hopefully it'll already be up by
the time you guys are watching this vlog
I want to show you guys little preview
of the intro because it's so cute
so that's pretty much what's going on
right now I already ate breakfast it was
really good
I had I think it's easy over eggs on top
of toast and some grapes delicious once
I finish exporting and editing at this
video from my main channel then I'm
gonna head over to target because I'm
trying to think of how I can make my
last maybelline video kind of like more
interesting or just kind of like how I
want the video you know to be created as
far as editing and whatever and I have
this idea of like using like a Christmas
card and opening it and like the videos
in the card so I want to go and look at
like the Christmas cards at Target I
also need to get more Christmas lights I
think I want to get some on my headboard
that would be cute videos and then also
we need more for the tree possibly some
ornaments on the tree because we only
have two that my mom brought us we've
got 24 more days until Christmas it is
always a hassle getting this out yeah oh
yeah I can't wait to film this every
single day got it
so both my videos are officially up I'll
actually link the one that I uploaded on
my main channel down there if you guys
wanna check it out but now I'm going to
drive over to Target and I actually
think it's still raining which is great
because my car really really needs a
carwash so this is kind of killing two
birds with one stone hopefully yes rain
get on my car oh you guys probably were
expecting me to vlog at Target and I'm
the type of person that would I have
alone if there's a lot of strangers
around me like target was popping today
I am way too embarrassed to pull out the
phone and just like loudly start talking
to myself
but even if I'm with like one other
person it doesn't even have to be more
than one I can vlog and
literally like scream in my blog I just
like really couldn't do it there were so
many people in the Christmas aisle and
like I really I really wanted to vlog
but like it would have been really
uncomfortable but let me show you guys
what I got so I got more lights for
three um I got some some little
ornaments I forgot they were called for
a second I don't really know if I'm like
color coding the tree out there but I
just got these because the rest were
just like not really that cute and then
also like I found some little sparkly
acorn things pinecones
also here's one of the ornaments that my
mom got Lexie and I so we have two of
them so we're gonna put that on the tree
as well and then also I got this little
Christmas card and what I'm thinking of
doing is like in the intro of my video I
want to like open up the card and then
have the video going on inside the
Christmas card that makes sense and then
like at the end of the video I'm gonna
close it up put it in the envelope and
take it out of frame how genius is that
idea hopefully no one has done that
before / no one's gonna do it but I am
going to decorate the tree right now
because I'm pretty sure I want to film
in front of it let me just bring you
guys over there so we had an issue but I
think I've solved it and I think things
are going pretty well so the first set
of lights
I got looks like this and these are the
hundred clear and mini lights and I took
a photo of it and everything because I
was planning on getting the same
packaging but for some reason the same
exact target did not have these lights
and more like I literally went to the
same Island everything well obviously
you know there's only so many Christmas
light aisles and Target but not the
point here I couldn't find them so I got
like the next closest thing which was
just like these white lights from the
same brand and everything but I was
really worried that they would be
different colors and they are I think it
looks okay because what I did was I
mixed them together so it kind of looks
I should probably fix that gap right
there but it kind of looks like I have
gold and white lights
the tree and that's perfect because I
have silver and gold ornaments so I'm
kind of you know mixing colors here and
I think it'll be cute yeah I just
dropped it awesome so the lights are
kind of flickering on the camera but
this is the end result I have to do this
really quick because I really have to
start filming my video basically we've
just got a lot of different silver and
gold going on and it looks pretty cool
and for those of you who are wondering
where Black Sea is because I've been
alone this whole time she's not getting
back until Thursday which sucks I water
here but she's gonna be really surprised
when she sees this tree so I'm excited
but oh my god alright I really need to
film this video so that I can see
everyone later tonight and just guess
good you're good you're good
okay cool I'm back with the boys ah no
actually I just have to grab I hope I
really don't know I need to grab my
studio lights because we were using him
last night
hello so it is 7:30 and I'm in the
middle of filming my video
sorry filmed the tutorial and kind of
the shots of me looking to the left and
looking to the right then smiling at the
camera and I also filmed like an intro
and outro and stuff so right now I'm
about to film some close-ups of the
products and I'm gonna have a nice
blurred tree in the background it's
gonna look really just great things are
going good I'm really liking how the
video turned out and I also I really
like the makeup - it's like a shimmery
subtle smokey eye type thing I'm heading
over to Lindsay and Meghan's with Jack
and Drew at 9 o'clock so I've an hour
and a half to finish filming import and
at least start to like put the clips
together and stuff I'm most likely gonna
bring my laptop with me because I don't
know how long we're gonna be there for
and I'm like probably gonna go home with
Jack and Drew since we all live in the
same building so if they want to stay
late I might just bring my computer
kind of start working on the editing
there but yeah I'm really happy with how
it's turning out which is really awesome
so here is my view we've got the big two
lights and I am sitting I'm sitting on
the cushion to my little Ottoman thing
whoa
I just almost knocked this over with my
elbow I just finished filming so I'm
gonna start importing my footage and
also my vlogmas footage I need to start
editing the video that you guys are
watching right now
so I am logging they're gonna get real
sick of this real quick I just got to a
jack injuries house and we are about to
head to Lindsey and Megan's yeah all
good oh crap I did something else
seriously everyone blogging right now
this is so good
yeah we're literally at the North Pole
sighs I'm very upset right now because
okay let me explain real quick
so after iPhones my tutorial I noticed
that I had something in my tooth right
here and or right here I don't know
which side whatever anyways I'm editing
my vlogmas Clips right now and literally
the first clip it was in my tooth that
means I had something in my teeth
the entire day and it's literally of
every single clip and this is really
embarrassing and you can you can tell me
you saw me I was gonna scare you guys
hey I saw you logging that's why pretty
cute honestly just put up setting it on
your table strawberry with lining is not
bad I mean I would eat it but I would
rather anything guess where I'll start
now and we're getting some sushi and I'm
not flirting or anything but I really
like finish the felt and then also I'm
feeling sick again so I'm getting some
alka-seltzer plus and Jack is getting it
as well it was awful as the Boy Wonder
for waffles we are looking at the waffle
selection time for
where are they I think that's a weird
right there BAM you're gonna get plain
that's boring put peanut butter on them
we could put cuffs on her oh my god
literally just left his waffle right in
the doorway
so you migrated over to Megan's room
hello peeps hello hello I don't know if
I've ever walked in here but it's really
a frickin shell it's the chillest place
the bed is really comfortable as well I
sadly am editing I mean you know as much
as I enjoy editing these box videos no
but I need to get this done because it's
already getting late and stuff honestly
I really shouldn't be here because I
have to wake up at like 6:00 a.m.
tomorrow so I'm gonna get back to
editing but we're just chilling yeah
tell Mike Goines thank you so I just got
home and I am so beyond tired but I
still need to shower finish this video
upload this video memorize lines just
get a lot done so I will see you guys in
tomorrow's video vlogmas day 3 hopefully
I'll be able to like vlog on set and
stuff I don't know I'm pretty much just
doing that all day so if not that's
gonna be a bummer and my video tomorrow
might not be as long or as entertaining
but who knows maybe I will be able to so
fingers crossed that is it for today's
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it be sure
to like this video if you guys are
enjoying vlogmas so far and i will see
you guys tomorrow bye
this is how you know your mom loves you
yeah look at our how festive our house
is the trees up it's it's ready it looks
great mom
no I'm totally kidding
