hello we get nice stuff right now so I'm
here on set come on man we are slowly
losing it so it just hit midnight on
December 1st and as most of you guys
know I am doing vlogmas 2014 I did it
last year and I had so much fun with it
you guys loved it I got such great
feedback from it so of course I could
not go this year without doing it I'm
actually packing right now to go back to
California so okay my room was like a
total mess right now so if you see
anything in background just I apologize
but I'm packing right now because I
actually leave to go back to LA I like
6:30 a.m. tomorrow and well today I
guess but I really wanted to kick off
this year's vlog miss in my room just
like the good old days and I'm actually
watching the holiday this is the first I
believe Christmas movie that I'm
watching this year so obviously I had to
go with the holiday it's like honestly
my top favorite Christmas movie if any
of you guys don't follow me on any of my
like social media websites then you
wouldn't know that I have been very sick
for the past few days and it freaking
sucks because I haven't seen my friends
and so long and I only left my house
like twice to see my friends I honestly
don't know what I have like I've been
non-stop sneezing and having to blow my
nose but at the same time like I wake up
every morning with like a really sore
throat and I also like coughs so I don't
I don't know if I flu or something see
that's like the thing about Polish
families or like maybe this is just like
a salut ski thing whatever we're sick
like we never go to the doctor to
confirm anything or like find out what
we have it's always like no you're gonna
be fine I'll just make you some tea with
some lemon you can sleep it off
and that's just kind of the way that
it's always been growing up we just kind
of drink tea and you know just wait to
see what happens so that is literally
what I've been doing is just drinking
and you know seeing what happens but
yeah I'm gonna continue watching my
movie and packing my stuff I'm it super
excited to get back to LA because I miss
all of my la family members and it's
just gonna be a great time this month is
definitely gonna be crazy I think I'm
going to New York in between leaving
Chicago and coming back to Chicago on
the 20th so that will be fun to vlog and
just in general we're gonna be doing a
lot of Christmasy things so get ready
guys I really need to go and pack this
stuff and watch my movies so peace out
this is how you know your mom loves you
look at our how festive our house is the
trees up it's it's ready it looks great
mom no I'm totally kidding it still has
the plastic netting around it it's gonna
be in this thing we always put in really
large pots hey hey
it's lockness do have offices that did
it last year come on man all right we
really need to go look at the money
I'm dreaming Oh Christmas
oh yeah I just got home and I am so
relieved oh my god so I'm gonna totally
take the blame for this because I always
drink tea in large jars but what do you
do when this happens can you clean it
out and keep using it or are you just
done and you need to throw this out
because that's pretty freakin gross I
didn't even know that tea gets moldy
this is this is new for me you know I
need to throw this out this is
disgusting so as much as I would love to
just take a long nap and chill out and
whatnot
I definitely want to clean up the place
a little bit you know get that whole
mold situation taken care of we also
have no food so I have to go to church
OHS I have to plan a video that I'm
gonna have to film and edit and export
and send tomorrow it's actually my last
maybelline video yeah if you guys don't
know I've been in like a campaign with
them this year called the city campaign
and I'm working on the last one now
check lands later tonight and we have to
film a collab video for his channel I
have no idea what we're filming so I'm
probably gonna head over to Trader Joe's
right now and just kind of know get all
the cheese together in this apartment
yeah well we'll go from there and then
tomorrow I'm basically just gonna be
filming and editing all day and then the
day after that I think I have a shoot
with a makeup company so I'm excited
about that I literally have no idea like
what I'm doing the details or anything I
don't know if I'm supposed to be
memorizing anything hopefully not
because I'm literally gonna be just
working on a video all day tomorrow so I
just came back from Trader Joe's and I
got quite a few things I don't know it's
like a decent amount let's do a little
grocery haul I miss doing these so I've
got some sugar plum tomatoes some eggs
bread this is my favorite bread it's the
low sodium is yukio bread super good for
you you should definitely try it
grapes these I got for my advent
calendar in my room hopefully
fit inside of them but they are dark
chocolate cookie butter cups if you guys
haven't tried cookie butter from chair
dough's holy crap you need to try it
it's so good Elsa got some veggie burger
patties a cilantro salad dressing this
is my favorite dressing in the entire
world it is so good I got some beet
juice I got to butter lettuce packets
this like kale and cabbage mix this
one's really good it's like really
crunchy some broccoli slaw this stuff
tastes really good cold with dressing I
got a bunch of bananas got some fruit
and that's about it
I really healthy back at home because
you know Thanksgiving pumpkin pie mashed
potatoes things like that so I really
just wanted to get healthy things to
kind of you know start fresh I miss
eating healthy food so I'm really
excited to you know pack this away and
start eating that right now I'm probably
going to unpack all my stuff that's
gonna take a while because I have a lot
of laundry to do and stuff but let's see
if these fit in my Ivan calendar that's
gonna I'm gonna be so pissed if they
don't fit because this is the only
reason I got them and they do yes okay
so I'm gonna fill these all up where do
I begin do I start off with 1 or 25
probably 25 rags yeah 25 forget I asked
that you guys probably don't want to
watch me do this for every single box so
I'll be right back the fact that I
actually like put one in here and now
have to struggle to get it out even when
I knew I was gonna need it today is just
smart of me there we go hello long time
no vlog it's 10 p.m. now and basically
I've just kind of been doing the things
that I said I would be doing
I finished the dishes I did the laundry
right now I already started editing this
video that you guys are watching right
now so I pretty much have everything
edited up until this moment right now
and I'm also editing a video that I
hopefully can get up on my main channel
tomorrow I'm really excited about it
because is
to film hopefully that's gonna happen
but I wanted to share a story with you
guys because it's really bad that I'm
laughing because this is actually really
sad but basically you guys know that
like I'm waiting for Jack to come home
so that we can film a video hence why
put on makeup and did my hair so Jack
had a layover in Las Vegas and I guess
once he landed in LA his bag was not
here it's probably in Las Vegas and he
is like freaking out which I totally
feel him because this has definitely
happened to me like I feel like at least
twice maybe once but it was pretty
traumatizing anyways
so he is still at the airport right now
like I'm pretty sure he was to come home
about two and a half hours ago or
something like that so he's trying to
figure out his bag stuff because he
might possibly get it today I don't know
he was saying something about that but I
think he's probably gonna get it nice
and it was still really backed up and
it's really weird you know when you like
get that weird talking you guys don't
know I'm talking about maybe do wait let
it clear it's not gonna go away all
right so I'm basically just working on
some videos for you guys and waiting for
Jack I feel so Jack if you're watching
this don't kill me I love you
alright this I'm blacking because I love
you I'll be seeing everyone else
tomorrow because I know that everyone's
just kind of you know getting their
stuff together today and whatnot I'm
probably gonna see drew though cuz you
know drew Jack live together that might
possibly happen I just realized that
today is Cyber Monday and I didn't get
anything honestly I'm just rambling now
and it's probably really unentertaining
oh I finished decorating my treat let me
show you guys not the big tree in the
living room because we still need more
lights for that one but I finished the
little one there you go so it's all
white and silver anyone surprised no
that's the same exact tree that I had
last year in my room
I just like literally brought it okay
I'm gonna go for now and probably edit
this clip right now so I would jacket
okay we just had like a really great
conversation just catching up because
you know it's it's it's been it's been
quite a while I haven't seen a jack or
Claudia I think in ten days ten days
it's been horrible I've been a lonely
little fat boy like being alone
it was so did you work on school I
didn't do room you said you would you
show me your progress you literally when
you were planning on doing like your
entire like class that's right we're
basically here I'm the cool mom all
right it's all right
basically we're kind of just sitting
here procrastinating because we should
be filming the video Jack's channel are
we gonna do it's already like midnight
so I just came up with the greatest kind
of idea ever for Jax
honestly like I was I'm a genius no I'm
just kidding but we we've got the video
idea down good night and we're gonna
need some props and some you know
different supplies for the video and
energy so we're heading to Ralph's right
now once drew is done at poopin or so
what are you doing oh I know where we I
know means are honestly you need to do
your homework
we'll be back so we're going to run out
to get some stuff myself huh we getting
iced up right now
so I'm here on set thank you drew drew
is the sound guy and the camera guy for
tonight yes you're the assistant for
tonight's show we've got the prop set
out and basically we're just we're
waiting for the star let's start to come
out update it is one o'clock and we are
about to start filming right now I'm
really glad that it's finally happening
we also added a little Christmas touch
work you so we just finished filming the
video and it was quite interesting it
was yeah it was a disaster so we are
cleaning right now because there's
literally like butter and flour
everywhere but it was really fun it is -
oh 9 a.m. we are slowly losing it once
it's up I'll link it down so I'm just
gonna end off today's vlog here because
we're just gonna clean this and then I'm
gonna go home and go to sleep but I hope
you guys enjoyed blog miss day one ooh
and if you guys are excited about
vlogmas then be sure to like this video
and I will see you guys tomorrow
