well you said woke up this morning
feeling very sick and out of it I'll get
into that later but for some reason I
also woke up with the biggest urge to
make some chocolate cookies I literally
just gathered anything that I think I
could put in them also sorry for my
voice so we've got some unsweetened
chocolate almond milk bananas eggs maybe
a little bit of a deep chocolate protein
powder from moon juice
we had some cocoa powder some coconut
sugar from sweetener leftover coconut
shreds chia seeds I might add a little
bit of ghee for that like buttery cookie
taste I'm gonna grind up some oatmeal
for the flour and then some baking
powder I think this is a pretty solid
setup I'm literally just gonna go buy
texture and yeah we're gonna bake up
we'll see if they turn out good with the
oatmeal flour I'm gonna add a cinnamon
baking soda salt a little bit of protein
and cocoa powder
this is what they look like they came
out like a little spongy not too bad
though not mad about it this is
happening that's right
welcome to what this 2017 yeah I'm sick
it started yesterday and I am feeling it
today this is my fifth year doing
vlogmas I believe this would be my fifth
year so a lot of you guys were confused
why I didn't do the traditional 25 days
leading up to Christmas starting on
December 1st I don't want to go too much
in depth but honestly leading up to
December I kind of already knew that I
wasn't going to do vlogmas I didn't
think I was gonna do it at all and
especially once December rolled around I
definitely was not in a place to be
filming every single day and uploading
every single day but a lot of you guys
were obviously super surprised and
disappointed and upset and so I told
myself that I would do 12 days of
vlogmas aka I'm starting today I'm gonna
go until Christmas and I thought that
this would be doable and I would enjoy
doing it for you guys because I go to
Chicago on December 20th and so I love
logging at home I'm gonna have a bunch
of free time to be editing at home and
stuff so it actually works out great
because I have to take care of a lot of
stuff while I'm out here like when I'm
when I'm here in this apartment in LA
like I don't really have very much free
time I'm so annoyed because I was
actually sick for so long like end of
November beginning of December I feel
like I finally got better
probably like beginning of last week and
now I'm freaking sick again I don't
understand what's happening why got it
usually my immune system is so good it's
so strong I like barely ever get sick so
I don't know what's happening but I'm
you know what I think I'm just gonna
take a shot April right now but I've
just been having like a like a day in
today I slept in until like 10:00 a.m. I
would say which was really nice and then
I had the biggest craving and urge to
make cookies you guys saw that I tried
to start watching the movie I was
watching Eyes Wide Shut with Nicole
Kidman and Tom Cruise I don't recommend
it if you're underage because it's very
like adult content nearly all that stuff
but I literally couldn't even focus I
had to turn it off but I was basically
just going through like YouTube comments
and I was like clearing up playlists and
like changing out my channels a little
bit just like kind of cleaning up and
stuff and then I also cleaned up my
bedroom because yesterday I threw
clothes everywhere I can't tell you guys
yet but I was shooting for something
that's gonna be coming out very soon and
I am so so excited for you guys to find
out it's happening next Monday since I'm
taking it pretty easy I'm kind of just
like doing things as I come up with them
right now I really want to hang up a
poster so we're gonna go do that
hanging that up literally just took so
much energy out of me and I just like
set up to the camera and oh my god I
genuinely feel so bad because this first
vlog is just like off to such a lame
start I'm gonna make something to eat
right now because it's almost 5:30 and
all I've eaten were those cookies I
don't know I just don't have an appetite
today I think later tonight maybe we'll
talk about music cuz there's like a
bunch of music that I've been
discovering and just loving lately those
of you who have like similar taste in
music I just like I want all of the
requests and all the recommendations
I've got some stir fry style veggies
cooking on this pan I made this little
sauce mixture that actually tastes
really good it's a weird combo but I'm
using organic coconut aminos which is
basically just like a healthier soy
sauce I'm sweetening it with some maple
syrup sesame seeds and then the weird
ingredients is avocado vinaigrette but
for some reason it just gives it some
nice little like flavor in there I don't
know I'm about to put some chicken in
this pan sorry I'm not trying to show
raw meat to those of you who don't eat
meat almost forgot I'm adding a little
bit of jasmine rice this is just from
Trader Joe's and yeah just a little bit
thrown in there chickens cooked I'm just
gonna add this sauce I have a friend
over my friend oh this is good okay what
do you what do you think about my cookie
Wow
what was the first thing you said when
you ate it I was just like horrible like
they're not you can't look at it as a
cookie you can't like you have to look
at it as like a protein bar exactly yeah
she ate it and she was like I mean it's
not awful but like I definitely was like
ready to eat like a cookie I was like
yeah these aren't cookies you know what
if I had chocolate chips in there that's
what I was thinking or something like
the tiny little chocolate chip should
have done that should have could've been
like it way anyway cuz I don't feel bad
eating these they're realized you
you know god you're fine yeah yeah
dinner would not be dinner
well Oh black midnight oh my god I look
so rough this has been me for the past
like three hours I've basically just
been going through all of my like
Spotify playlist and cleaning them up
this is something that I've been wanting
to do for so long because like I have a
weird mix of like category playlists
that like give a certain tone and a mood
and a vibe but then I would also do like
seasonal playlists like fall 2016 spring
2016 and it just like looked really
messy and I really didn't like it so I
went through like all my season playlist
and then cleared out songs that I just
like didn't care for and I knew I would
like never listened to again and
basically just categorized them by year
so now like 2014 2015 2016 2017 like
they're all just like all big playlists
and then I have like a few categories I
don't know I'm like so happy about it
though because my music library was so
messy let's talk about some music that
we've been enjoying cuz I mentioned that
earlier I did mention a few favorites in
like a main channel video that I filmed
a few days ago so I'm gonna try to avoid
those dreams tonight by always small the
two V's
also 15 snap by Radiohead dance yourself
clean by LCD Soundsystem so good
shout out to Riley Taylor because we
hung out yesterday and both of us were
just showing each other so many songs so
much music and we both have like the
same weird tastes he showed me this song
called tear you apart by she wants
revenge literally all I can think of is
like a pack of vampires luring people
into like dark alleyways or like going
through clubs and like making out people
but then like killing them you know what
I mean
oh my god Genesis buy crimes this has
been like my song of the day I've been
playing this song repeats so pretty
yep yeah I apologize I'm so sorry and
that vlogmas day one is so anticlimactic
so uneventful I feel so out of it and so
like gross and sick and I just freaking
pray that tomorrow's gonna be better if
you guys are excited be sure to thumbs
up this video subscribe hit that little
little Bell thing so that you get
notifications for when I upload because
subscription box really super sketchy
nowadays you know what I mean I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog and I will see
you guys tomorrow but
