I woke up about two hours ago
and I've kind of just been sitting on
this couch all day it's only about 11 I
was currently laying in this really
comfortable position and I just want to
share it with you guys because I'm so
happy I discovered it deaf 106 step 3
place your computer on your armrest step
4 ladies sideways and rest your head on
the armrest oh wait this innovative I
hear this game changing and telling you
the height difference from the cushion
and the armrest
it's superb it is the perfect position
oh I believe it I think everyone can see
it comfortably
I can't watch YouTube this is perfect
the optimum laziness I love it couches
featured from Ikea and blanket feature
from Target yes yes the first check it
out hope several as the first singular
is from the SLS Hotel you can get these
you need this shirt as well absolutely
Blackhawks shirt and it's a little bit
expensive but it's worth it because
these parts a crazy situation but
they're investing in yourself
exactly I really think everyone needs to
experience this
good afternoon hi
fun fact Lexi's bed is the most
comfortable bed in the entire world and
I love it
what are we doing today we should really
get ready we should really get ready we
should get rid of you I think we should
get ready enough we have to get ready
gonna get ready let's get ready so we
just United withdrew and direction here
we're at the coast beautiful I'm so
excited this is my first time I've got
two things like this in Chicago but
never this one specifically so I'm
really excited to see what we find
hopefully some good stuff also when we
are walking to our car I felt a penny
good luck guys so I'm just really happy
today it's gonna be a great day I can
feel it even though half the day is
already over but that's okay it's really
freaking hot - I'm like already starting
to sweat
I'm currently crouched next to my car
right now because there's no shade and
it is so hot out today but we got a lot
of good stuff we're not done yet but we
have to come back to the car they've got
like two of the tables a bowl and a
shirt so so far it's going very
successful so we stumbled across these
bins of photos and I just I mean I can't
believe they would have my yearbook
photos in here and the future picture of
Claudia
the janitor are my grandparents so cute
oh this was me at my first jobs oh my
god update just kind of sad obviously
who I like this is what we do though we
made our lunch which consisted of
chicken patties and coleslaw and it's
awesome Kringle for me to do is it
tastes just like fall we're not sitting
at the table watching Gossip Girl glad
you got me so hooked on this it's so
good I've had seen better series but I
want to finish this one that we're going
to discuss about this do not mind the
gossip girl in the background we are
still watching Gossip Girl but I want to
show you guys the pieces that we got
today it's nowhere near bang and Dawn
like we still have this wall and I think
we're gonna get a different light but
okay so this is what we have for now we
got this little pedestal thing today
it's like made out of rock and it's so
cool because it has like these diagonal
cut outs but then it's like froth and
that's what it looks like I also got
this bowl I thought it was cool because
the metal is like really like rustic
looking and then the outside is just
really pretty it was $15 this stuff was
really inexpensive this bowl is 15 that
thing I think was only $20 I got this
pillow like about two weeks ago I think
from Bed Bath & Beyond
and I really like how it's sparkly we're
still kind of figuring that out it's and
then our favorite piece that we got is
this lamp it is so cool I'm gonna turn
it off for you guys
see it but there is the light pole and
it's just super like industrial-looking
and it's so awesome we have like junk
down here but yeah I just love this
little switch right here I think that's
like such a cool piece and then on this
wall we're gonna do a collage of a bunch
of different mirrors like different
sizes and different shapes and do like
white and silver mirrors and mirrors
without frames things like that we also
got this frame I think we're gonna keep
it empty and then like nail something
into the wall and have like other like
necklaces hanging or something like that
and then there is one more thing I
actually haven't vlogged in my room in
the longest time so I'm sure some of
this is kind of new to you guys I don't
know what I've shown and what I haven't
but I have this wall I got these shelves
from Ikea and I've like little Polaroids
in here a mirror some movies up there
like plans and then I have more
Polaroids and stuff like that this is
all pretty much the same I also added a
mirror right there I don't know what I
want to do right here yet but today I
got this little silver bench and I think
it looks so cute I like needed something
in this space right here but I think
this looks really good for now and it
kind of ties in with you know like the
silver knee and stuff I also put a dry
erase board and this little ledge right
here to put like my keys in here and
stuff so it is much later in the day and
don't ask and let me just take this off
but we're gonna go to Santa Monica and
drive to this one part that looks really
cool it's called like Tonga Park or
something I don't know it looked really
cool in this one photo there was like a
lookout thing so we decided why not you
know take a crazy chance do a crazy
dance and drive to Santa Monica's I
filled up my entire tank of gas today so
we've got a full tank of gas and every
time that happens I just feel like a new
human being and I just want to take on
the world with my car this is really
dark so I'm
let's get the show on the road we've
currently got the double phone lights
going on so we've made it we've made it
at the thing you can't see it at the
park
wait they see it they can't see it they
can't see it it's really dark but it's
really pretty and I'm loving this this
park is so cool there's like this yellow
dome and this freaking pipe thing oh my
gosh there goes a wild Lexi I don't even
think she know
