we just finished with the little segment
here's a Shana Miller I will bacon by
your book I might not write the book
just came out so we should check it out
so you didn't know a grungy nineties
model from the Emmys to nine to college
tobacco college I was a college girl
today on live television
yes so on a good day LA so I was really
exciting we're in the dressing room
right now just pack up her stuff it
flies by so quick it goes so quickly I
like it I like pick my nose if it was
over okay well this has been great so
after this I am heading back home and
I'm going to be taking Jack and drew a
to Ikea today because they moved last
night so I'm going to kids we can get
those new furniture and stuff you know
and then I also have to film to two
outfits for a video later today but I'm
gonna do that during
it's about 1018 right now and oh my god
I love doing things like this and having
my day startling super early because
then the day just feels like extra long
and extra productive and even though I
only slept for like four hours I have so
much energy right now I'm getting on the
highway right now so I'm gonna stop oh
my god there's a place I'm gonna stop
recording
hey yo if you guys can see I am now
logging on my camera because my mom
actually found it back at home it was
like underneath my big Wardrobe thing
and I couldn't find it for like two or
three months or something like that but
my mom found it and she sent it to me so
I could finally flog off of my camera
now let's go yo
hi we're gonna get ready to Jim
we have made it to our destination
Oh is anyone excited I'm excited I I
don't know if you guys know this about
me but I can't like one of my favorite
stores it basically like early artisans
basically like the Disneyland of all
furniture stores because there's just so
much going on you know you're a little
you're little overwhelmed but excite at
the same time let's do this so I really
like it I don't see where the tag is so
not only nine oh no this is the lay up I
want to know how much the computer is I
think it's broken
we're in a room right now whoa guys
something ever showed you this but this
is how I found the inspiration for my
little drawer thing because they had one
right here see it has like you know the
little drawers focus there you go so
we're trying to find a dresser for Jax
room and we're just thinking about like
how amazing would that be
and extra room and you could just design
it to be a walk-in closet like just just
look at things this is so lovely but
imagine putting like shoes in here or
something you know so great
one day guys one day this will be my
kitchen one day you can mark my words
I'm going to have this exact fridge this
is like this is like action our dreams
must scream oh my god this is beautiful
I want to live here I could step on the
counter oh my god seriously hey guys so
right now
what are you gonna do I was planning to
do that at some point in this store and
then I found a toilet I was like wow
that was right there oh I like this room
this is a mere that I have I like this
dress you like this dresser in a white
in white you probably can honestly
everything it does in every color
this is really cool
so we're like in the kitchen area right
now and we are getting the most random
little like jars handles and knickknacks
just a bunch of white stuff I love when
it doesn't focus this is really good
camera know what where are they right
here oh my god please okay so I was just
have to vlog about being upset that we
couldn't find these but we found them
and look at it changes changes colors I
think he's up on the back yeah see that
so to the wall or me to the bed I want
to put it behind my headboard so that it
shines so it's got one x like through
like see like yeah you guys don't talk
about it we've got two cards and two of
those and this is currently what Drew is
trying to do yeah this is a very
effective process do you realize you're
gonna have things on that card so these
are the things that I am getting cutting
board a little pot thing that we've got
like a bunch of like little cups and
jars and candles and these cool lights
some nice little rocks I'm also getting
some cacti because I'm actually gonna
have shelves on the wall so I'm gonna do
like candles and cacti and like these
little jars and guys I'm getting so
excited this makes me really happy
these are all of the lovely things that
they're getting so much greenery
go
everyone insist or Hayes's your quality
is so much clearer than mine Claudia and
we have the same camera your quality is
so much there everybody here hates us
my dad
so after going through the effort to
find all these boxes and all that great
stuff we realized that you can actually
have them find it all for you for 40
extra dollars and just deliver it to us
and we're gonna get everything delivered
in Jack still has a bed and like two
large mirrors that are like the size of
like six of us so we're gonna do that
instead we're just gonna take these
carts I'm gonna take these carts to the
cash register this is my stuff jack half
of these are yours and then I'm also
gonna bring these as well because these
can fit into Jessa car so that was kind
of pointless it's a few hours later but
I'm going to end off the vlog here we're
all just chilling in at Jack's
adventures apartment but I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog and our wonderful
IKEA adventures so I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video I just had a weird
like thing for hand I don't know if that
was I'll see you there bye
