so I'm about to head over to Whole Foods
to pick up some groceries but on the way
down I'm going to attempt to recycle
this if you guys want to see what's
inside this box it basically has all of
the other boxes that the rest of the
furniture events is probably really loud
let me just close that so I'm doing some
laundry there were just a lot of boxes
everywhere so I decided to cut them all
up and put them in here and we've also
just been like recycling everything in
this box as well so I mean I guess I
guess it'll fit through the door if it
got in here are you kidding me guys this
box is literally like half an inch too
wide for this door update I flipped it
on its side pushing this box across the
floor and of course the recycling bins
are across the entire lot by box so I
just came back from Whole Foods and I'll
do a grocery haul for you guys but I
wanted to explain something real quick
because I've been meaning to talk about
this involved but I haven't vlogged like
in a while since moving here I've been
eating about 90% vegan and 10% not vegan
I know this is going to cause a lot of
like drama in the comments cuz
everyone's gonna be like Claudia like
you obviously did this because you
wanted to be trendy or something like
that and no like I knew you couldn't do
it you weren't like strong enough what
else I don't even know but I am here to
explain it because obviously I share so
much my life with you guys that like if
you guys see me eating a piece of pizza
I want to be able to like explain myself
first obviously I wasn't vegan I was
only eating vegan so I still own like
leather
you know like purses and like things
like that should have been very obvious
people gave me a lot of crap about that
in the comments or saying like stop
saying that you're vegan because you
still like use makeup that's like tested
on animals and stuff but I tried to make
it as obvious as I could that I was
eating a plant-based diet I wasn't
actually vegan I was just eating vegan
you know there's like a difference I
mean the main reason why I wanted to do
it was because I have like the largest
sweet tooth in the entire world and
there's this huge like misconception
that like oh when you eat vegan you are
healthy and that's like not true because
you can totally eat unhealthy being
vegan but like one of the major reasons
why I did it was because so many like
different like cakes and cookies and
crackers and like all that junk food
that I used to have in my home like back
when I lived at home like all of that
stuff contains like milk eggs cheese
like all that stuff so I kind of decided
like one day like alright go big or go
home I'm just going to go vegan and see
how i like it and i also wanted to kind
of like experiment and see like what
kind of foods i would discover and like
all this stuff so being vegan has been
like such an awesome experience and i
love
so much and like I'm still pretty much
doing it or following it because when
I'm eating at home and I'm buying
groceries like everything that I'm
buying a sylveon because that's how much
I like this lifestyle but at the same
time like coming here and like being
social with people going out to dinner
or ordering Domino's or things like that
like it was kind of hard to constantly
100% be sticking to this like lifestyle
so every now and then I'll have like a
Domino's Pizza or Domino's lava cakes
especially those two but for the most
part like I'm still eating vegan stuff
so when I show you guys like the food
that I have here like I still love
eating a like tofu and like fake me and
stuff so I just want to get that out of
the air I know that Aspen upload a vlog
and like in the vlog she mentioned that
I went to McDonald's I did not think she
was going to put that in the vlog but it
end up being in there so I just want to
explain myself as well because a few
people were commenting towards me about
that situation but anyways you can give
me all the hate that you want I
literally just did this just to
experience it and see how I liked it and
things like that and I still love it at
the same time I'm just living my life
and you know every now and then I'm
eating things that aren't so I just want
to quit but now I'm going to show you
guys what I actually kind of like having
this propped up here because that's not
all drinking stuff so I got these uh
chicken free strips love these so much I
used to always get them back home I got
minestrone suit chia seeds um I wanted
to try kelp noodles I don't know I'm
just kind of trying things out I got big
collard greens because I like to use
these as wraps because I want to make
like tacos soon so I got smart ground
Mexican style taco meat love that stuff
I also got this tofu ami scramble
breakfast wrap pickle burrito I've never
tried these before so they put on the
freezer I got these garden vegetable
salad rolls they taste really really
good and the sauce is really good it's
like a peanut sauce I thing I also
wanted to try out the Wonder fruit acai
II real pure nothing added acai
yeah some miso soup
some fire-roasted vegetable pizza and
this is like this is all vegan and so I
like this brand of cheese so I already
know that I'm going to love this pizza
and lastly I got some boom chicka pop
popcorn you also may notice that I did
not get any like fruits or vegetables
and that's because I like to buy all
that stuff at Trader Joe's
just because Whole Foods is pretty
expensive so when it comes to like basic
foods like bananas apples like all that
junk I just like to get it from Cheerios
okay um so I don't even think I showed
you guys what our furniture looks like
like all built and stuff but here here's
her dining room obviously we still have
to put something on the table and stuff
I'm not really sure what to put on it
yet but here is what our chairs look
like like I mentioned in my previous
vlog we just got these little like
foldable chairs because they're only
like $25 and the chairs that we wanted
originally were like 60 so I think these
look these look fine so I really like
how that looks
I wish I had better lighting right now
but we don't have any like lamps in our
living rooms so the only lights that are
working our kitchen and dining room so
this might be a little hard to see but
this is what the living room looks like
so we both built this little coffee
table and like put that together and
didn't think the couch came with feet
but then I found them underneath the
cushion so I screwed those on and the
couch looks fabulous I love it so much
it's like a light gray and then I also
brought these pillows from back home
that like go perfectly with it so this
one is just a white fuzzy pillow and
then this smaller one that used to be my
bedroom okay I just slept in turn on the
flash so it's a little easier to see but
I also have this like dark grey fuzzy
blanket that I just kind of threw over
and we still need like more pillows and
stuff like right there and I don't know
whatever but um yeah that's what the
couch looks like and then the coffee
table is really simple this is the
little like silver bin thing that my mom
bought me and I thought we could put
like magazines in it and remotes and
stuff I don't know if not we could
always like put this somewhere else we
also have yet to build this cube thing
so I actually think I'm going to do that
tonight because Kaley is flying in
tomorrow she's gonna be staying with us
for B nights and I want this like to be
like finished and stuff when she comes
so I think I'm just gonna start working
on it right now because I pretty much
finished everything that I had to today
and
I've still got some time before I go out
and be social so I just finished
building with a little cube thing I
swear to God we got one that like was
messed up or something because you can
see right here the holes like we're not
even on both sides the middle holes are
supposed to be here but like there's
holes right here so these are actually
not attached through each other which I
think they're supposed to but I mean
whatever it still worked out and now I
put these little cubes together I don't
really know how we'll see so I just
finished building it and putting in the
bins and I think it looks good I like it
the reason why I put them on a diagonal
like this is because there are so many
cords like let me show you like that's
where the majority of the cords are
because originally we were thinking of
doing this which I mean I still think
this looks better because I like having
things being like symmetrical but
obviously since the plug is there and
like all the cords are there I feel like
I don't know I mean I could always just
put like a piece of paper or like cover
something and then I could just tape it
in the back I think that would look
really cool as of now these cords are
making me really mad looking at them so
we're just gonna cover them with this
bin guys this is making me so happy
looking at it so in the corner I just
put one of my like studio lights to give
more light to the room but it's finally
looking like a little home and it makes
me so excited um so I've got this little
candle burning here and I have like this
really pretty silver plate and then I
decided to put the tray at the bottom
Richie and Robbie are on their way to my
apartment so I'm going to be hanging out
them Lindsey and Megan are also going to
meet up with us I think they will be
ready in like half an hour or something
like that so yeah things are great the
vibes are great and I am like so this is
a happy right now so I am here wait
the two loves my Jessica's so we just
went to 7-eleven because we wanted to
get some snacks reading snacks Lindsey
and Megan will be on their way soon
we're having a great time
how's your guys today they went they
went hiking today how was your hiking
trip it was really fun it was a really
adventurous yeah crazy Wow
so the whole gang is here now yay and
they surprised us with in-and-out french
fries I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video
ye
