hey guys let me just quickly turn off
the Hannah Montana song that I was just
listening to but today is Sunday and
today is actually the day of the Teen
Choice Awards and Aspen and I will be
attending along with a few other
youtubers
there's my roommate she says hello both
my top and skirt are from Topshop so
this is just like a little crop top
thing that like kind of wraps in the
front and it has little cutouts on the
side and then my skirt is a midi skirt
so it goes up to my knees and this is
also from Topshop it's really flowy and
whites and I really like the band here I
feel like it kind of gives it like that
sporty bod and then I'm wearing this
like leather kind of belt looking
bracelet thing that kind of adds like a
little bit of edge to it and then I'm
wearing it these chunky black heels from
go Jane and I'm wearing them because
they're really really comfortable and
they don't hurt my feet then for hair I
never really do anything crazy with my
hair I just loosely wind it and I pulled
it all to one side so it's not and I am
so excited guys this is going to be my
first ever like a warm type thing I've
never been to one of these so I don't
know how they work or anything but I'm
really excited
I think it's me really fun it's about 11
o'clock right now we have to leave soon
it was good we had to wake up early so
I'm pretty tired and I'm pretty hungry
but
so I haven't blogged in a while but
right now we're in this room I really
don't know like what we're doing I guess
the carpet just started but I'm with a
bunch of different community gurus right
now and so we just grab some lunch the
actual show show starts at like five
o'clock or something like that but we
are all really hot and sweaty and we
were hungry but then we fulfilled that
hunger with food which is great I got
interviewed by Hunter March a bunch of
us did that that was fun and that's
really all that we've done today I'm
being such an angsty teenager right now
I'm like can we go and I ain't got food
that's what I told him I was like we
were hungry but then we we quenched that
very quench you quench the hunger we ate
success
so what we just wow it is very dark
right now we just got into these burgers
we're on our way home right now but we
got to meet a bunch of you guys like out
here on this corner right here so that
was really fun so obviously we are at
home I'm sorry
I'm just sitting at the table but Aspen
and I are about to eat because we are so
so hungry guys I've been so excited for
this moment so I want to document it but
I'm about to rip off my false eyelashes
and I could not be more excited how this
hurts
