it's like exactly 12 o'clock and Aspen
and her family are at the Container
Store right now I believe they're
getting a few things but I am going to
be heading over to downtown LA to meet
up with Jack and she's gonna be with us
and also Alex so me and Alex are gonna
have to drive over there but we're
actually gonna be colliding today for
Jack's channel and I'm really excited
because we planned the video last night
and it seems like it's gonna be really
funny so it's gonna be me Alex and Jack
and obviously I won't spoil it for you
guys but when it's up
I will obviously tweet and stuff so you
guys can see it that's pretty much all
that I have planned for today oh just
kidding I just edited yesterday's vlog
and have to upload that once we get to
Jews place because I won't have time to
upload it right now I also have to edit
and upload a collab video that I filmed
just with Alex we plan to upload it
today and I haven't even edited it yet
so while we're hanging out today I'm
just gonna edit it with them and then
upload it right away so I'm excited for
that video it was fun filming it so I'm
sure it'll be like a good video sadly
this is the last night that alex is
gonna be here hi guys I like don't know
what I'm gonna do without Alex because I
love her so much and she's leaving
tomorrow like in the morning so
obviously this is like gonna be my last
day with her she's going back to where
she goes College you know
ah I was just tying them like I was like
walking in the kitchen I was like I'm
sad like my number I'm talking about
I was literally not in my head oh yeah
yeah yeah yeah we're gonna drive off 32
hours to get to we just got another yeah
yeah yeah we're splitting it so we're
just driving right now I'm vlog once we
get there hey guys so we have made it to
our destination here with Drew Jack is
doing Jenny Freddie did anyone just hear
my neck crack yeah I can barely hear
anything right now but I am editing my
collab with Alex right now as we wait
what are you doing I'm editing the vlog
drew what are you doing
us life is YouTube like those youtubers
hey for blocking cameras all IMing in it
has the connection okay well I'm gonna
keep editing by Alex Alex is leaving she
was just gonna go hang out on the on the
balcony hey guys so me and Jack are just
laying in bed yeah we got really tired
for entertaining you should this looks a
little this is a bit suggestive daddy oh
my god I'm just kind of hopping from
people to people in today's love in bed
with Jack cuddling with Alex oh so we'll
try to figure out where we want to eat
for dinner Emily really wants her
truffle fries yeah honestly anywhere I
don't care nothing's wrong with the
little ball baby last shot Jack's video
we've got money on the floor so uh
today's been a very interesting day
there's been some kissing there's been
some growing just a moving and grooving
Alex and I we are about to post our
videos at the same time right now
this is have to happen ready ready and
I think a little Hannah Montana party in
here waiting forever this is out his
last time in this department say goodbye
to the cold concrete walls it's been
great so me Jack and Aspen decided that
we wanted to go out to dinner so we got
a large table for the three of us just
kidding we're actually meeting up with a
lot of other people did I did I fool you
guys I probably did I'm a jokester but
yeah we're having like a final goodbye
dinner for Alex everyone is here okay
we're gonna work I'm going on I'm pretty
good you have a knock somebody set up no
I bet you're like I'm good how are you
I'm so good how are you good okay
everyone has their food besides I ain't
got no food Alex I get food either
you won't even do it
