well if the smear just a little bit gosh
literally it's a up
hey guys so it's about ten o'clock right
now and Aspen her mom and her sister
just left to go right here and I was
planning on going to Ikea with them but
I actually have a video due later
tonight so I have to stay home and get
to work
yeah if you guys didn't already I'm in
the maybelline city campaign this year
which I was last year so I'm making
videos from Maybelline once a month and
this month's video is actually due
tonight at the end of the day because
you guys have to send it in to them just
so that they can approve in stop and I
didn't film it so that is what I'm about
to do right now I'll go one day to make
a video so we'll have to see how that
turns out but this is my little setup
right here we've got my lovely trashcan
with my mirror above it I'm pretty much
gonna be staying at home working on this
video the entire time so I'm currently
in the middle of filming right now so as
you can see you right there I'm like
literally filming right now probably not
gonna use this footage but you know I'm
just jamming out here I'm gonna go
finish a knavish even what so I just
finished filming it the intro and the
outro which is great look at all like
the trash we have going on but I'm
getting really hungry because all I've
had today is like an orange and it is
pretty much lunchtime maybe a little bit
later so I think I'm gonna have some
soup because that is like pretty much
all that we have in the fridge amazing
you guys want to see a sneak peek I'll
show you guys the intro
my dream is sober in this part
yoyoyo I'm still editing my video right
now
it's 5:30 so I've been working on this
since about seven hours six other houses
like that and I'm actually pretty far
all I have to put do now is the outro I
have to put in like shots of all the
products and stuff so Aspen and her
family just left because they are going
to dinner and then target and then the
container store I believe but I still
have to work on the video and I'm not
really that hungry so I'm just gonna be
staying home but I wanted to take a
quick editing break because like my eyes
are starting to hurt from staring at the
screen all day so I'm actually gonna
head over to a Trader Joe's real quick
to just get a few groceries and stuff
because I currently don't have a lot of
food for myself a spent already went
grocery shopping earlier today so let me
show you guys so as you can see we've
got like a lot of food and stuff but I'm
not gonna eat her food obviously so yeah
boom girls like stocked up but I'm gonna
head over to cheer Joe's it just came
back from chair Joe's and I didn't vlog
in there because I was kind of what is
my hair doing it's so poofy right now I
was kind of like on a mission you know
getting all my food and stuff so you're
like like vlogging but once I get back
into the apartment I'll do a little a
little grocery haul for you guys I'm
excited I got a lot of stuff wow it is
very hot in this brush
alright we're gonna do this quickly
because I'm a few things would have to
go in the freezer first off I got some
kale chips these are so good I also got
some bananas white mushrooms
I got some dates black pigs I picked up
the tofu spring rolls
I forgot carrots and of course roasted
red pepper hummus I got some baby
potatoes in this bag I got some gone
bananas I don't know they're just like
dark chocolate covered banana slices
I've never tried these but they looks
good so I got photos I'm trying out
frozen cow for the first time for
smoothies because my Cal always goes bad
like if I don't finish it in time so
frozen Cal lasts longer I got two
packages of frozen mango chunks and then
lastly hey guys look I'm being social
being social being social and social at
things is Maegan even here oh she's not
being social but we're all being social
with this fella sitting here um yeah I
don't I don't think we're really doing
anything so okay
are we what yeah when do we do things I
don't really know this kind of this
couch is really comfy what do you think
guys it's really good
aren't you guys like changing it though
oh wow Ellen hey guys welcome to the
 what's going on nothing's going on
what's going on with you nothing nothing
what are you doing what do you got on
your phone um I'm currently looking at
my cyrus an Instagram oh really
I saw the girl one day with a phone over
 on her stomach jack is cuddled up
in this mess oh my god
true I mean it's like a little little
caterpillar getting ready to become a
beautiful photo incent because it's
called just some genes that bladder
someone that looks like a mini-fridge
alright guys so Megan and Lindsey
actually left us in their apartment to
go to Target and we've been sitting here
trying to think of like different things
we could do to like prank them so we've
thought about flipping everything upside
down Jack thought about switching
everything that's in the living room
into Megan's room I think taking all the
making stuff and putting it into here we
also said forts I don't know a human
pyramid we're thinking of just going
into a human pyramid so when they walk
in basically I thought we should like
pretend to not be here and then scare
them so they'll think that we left but
we really didn't and we prop our phones
somewhere here because I want to film
this yes we want to scare them okay
super not use chairs over okay it's like
this biggest knife
we need to listen we need to stay in
here and listen
that's so obvious guys there's no other
blood anywhere gosh so we have another
prank and exactly 12 o'clock my phone is
gonna ring cuz I'm gonna set an alarm
and once the alarm goes off none of us
are going to talk at all and Megan wins
you're gonna be like what is going just
everything these are two separate
practice just everybody just everyone be
quiet a good third pray
should we make a third that is the
question I mean how old are we that's
the second question
are you ready not you you guys are so
creepy as
yours are literally insane up
what come I can hear you laughing I
 hate this song so goddamn much
literally loves me and I see you stayin
put some nice fat sugar literally in
things all right well my friends are
insane that you find about that target
blood shoes barstools
we made it to be that's
jack is running with them
curly I'm gonna enough today Spock here
bye
