hey guys so I am starting today's vlog
very late it is almost 4 o'clock but I
just finished filming my first video in
my room well technically I filmed a
collab with Alex but I filmed like my
first official sit-down video so that's
really exciting I still got my stuff
right there oh I also dyed my hair blue
yesterday let me bring it down for you
guys actually it's looking kind of
purple right now it's like a bluey
purple but um it's like crazy curled
right now so let me know what you guys
think about it but I am like obsessed
with it I think the blue looks really
cool so basically let's see what have I
done for the past few days I should
really plug my phone in because I know
that it's at like 5% right now ok so I
went to the beach yesterday with Jack
and Alex and it was really fun we went
to Santa Monica the only not so fun part
about yesterday was I got salt water in
my eyes and it so bad for so long like
I'm not even kidding like I had to close
my eyes and have like Alex hold on to me
while I was like blindly just like
walking around 3rd Street Promenade and
stuff and we bought we bought eye drops
and they didn't work like my eyes I'll
put it in a picture it's really scary
but like my eyes were like bloodshot red
and then once we came back home to my
apartment like my eyes still hurt so bad
I could only keep them open for like 5
minutes so I like filled up a huge glass
or a huge bowl of water and I was just
dunking my head under water and like
blinking and opening my eyes in the
water to like flush out the salt water
and yeah so I was doing that like every
like 10 minutes for like an hour and
then finally at like 8 or 9 p.m. it just
randomly
stopped hurting like one I was really
hurting one was better than like finally
the pain went away so that was like
really scary because if you ever heard
that feeling where someone like splashes
like chlorine or like salt water into
your eyes like really quickly and like
that sudden shock of pain like that's
what I was experiencing for like four
hours and it was oh my god it was so so
so so bad but uh they're all good now I
feel like I have new eyes now because
you know I flushed him out with water
sixty times use a bunch of eyedrops but
yes that's what we did yesterday and
then I also dyed my hair last night I
don't know me Jack and Alex and drew
like two nights ago we just been like
dying each other's hairs I I don't know
hairs
I meant hair but also on a more exciting
note Aspen is coming tomorrow so she's
officially gonna be moving in and I am
so beyond excited I think she's gonna
love it here life is just wonderful here
in LA but yeah so I'm excited about that
I have to do a few dishes and stuff so
that when she comes in she's not like oh
my god it is so messy in this kitchen so
I knew that I've been like a really good
mood today like I'm very like energetic
well that might be because I just had
like a large coffee like thirty minutes
ago or something but I've been just like
the best mood today I don't know I think
it's cuz I honestly I think it's because
I just feel my main channel and I got
like so excited filming it but that's
pretty much what's going on right now
so I am now on my way to head over to
the grocery store and I'm just gonna
walk there because I just dang it I
forgot to go get my grocery bags I
always do this so I've got my little
chair Joe's bag now what to make sure
not going to try Joe's but I've set to
pick up a few random things like garbage
bags plastic gloves soup I don't know
what else I'm so hot because I just
walked back home and I walked up a
flight of stairs
I'm very shy right now but I got like
four soups because
no soup is just really easy make and put
on the stove and I love it so I got a
split pea soup a lentil vegetable soup
it's hi sweet potato I'm excited to try
that one and just like a regular
vegetable soup and then I also need to
catch up so I got ketchup and garbage
bags I couldn't find gloves anywhere and
I didn't really buy that much because I
was walking and it's a good 10 minute
walk or something so I didn't want to
buy too many things to have my back be
really heavy but I think I'm gonna make
some soup I really want to try this Thai
sweet potato soup so I'm gonna go I'm
finally uploading a video onto my main
channel and it's got like 50 minutes
remaining but I'm actually uploading it
tomorrow
I'm so excited mix in my soup and then
I'm gonna mix in my soup section smells
are really really good so I'm excited so
I changed my shirt because I've just
been doing kind of like household chores
and stuff I just finished doing some
laundry so I need to put that away
I also washed all of the dishes what
I'll strive to do I have to take care of
a few like Bank things and build things
and I felt a lot of editing to do as
well but the video uploaded but it's in
private so that's ready to upload which
I'm excited about
and it's been a very productive day not
really that exciting cuz I've just kind
of been doing like random house chores
and stuff like I said before but I think
I am meeting up with everyone
later tonight it's like 8 o'clock right
now I don't know if any said that but
we're all probably gonna meet up at like
10 something like that I don't know
people it's so strange because back home
like when I would like meet up with my
friends and stuff people would usually
meet up at like 7 o'clock
AIDS is like pushing it but here in LA
it's like okay let's all just kind of
like meet up at 12 o'clock oh let's just
meet up at like 10:30 11 something like
that
it's so weird because like the days are
just so long here and then sometimes I
wake up early and then other times I
wake up at like 12 o'clock and I'm like
oh my god my half of my day is gone
that's pretty interesting but we're
probably all gonna be meeting up later
tonight what am i doing I don't know I
don't know ever though
I'm currently cooking myself up okay let
me turn this off it's probably Benina
i'm cooking myself some late dinner so
I've got onions and peppers and I'm
doing a bunch of potatoes and they're
not really like cooking on the inside
that much so I threw some water in there
I'm stead of cooking a little bit with
some water does that even make sense is
that a thing I don't know we'll see but
I'm hoping that they're gonna absorb a
little bit of water and kind of soften
up and stuff yeah that's what I'm making
right now and it's smells so freakin
good so here is my late dinner and I've
got some ketchup because I like to dip
my potatoes and ketchup and eat them
like that also whenever I cook onions
I always pour a little bit of trivia or
sugar on top and that really like brings
out the flavor and makes the onions
really sweet so I definitely recommend
doing that I look like a little like a
who from Whoville really a cartoon
character or something just a little
blue fluff ball in my head and it's
11:40 and I am so dead I was gonna go
over to a Lindsey and Megan's apartment
I just talked to them but I'm too tired
I just decided to be responsible and go
to bed at a fairly reasonable time so
once I'm done editing the blog then I'm
going to get ready for bed and go to
sleep but tomorrow is going to be a
really really exciting day because Aspen
is coming Aspen if you're watching this
the apartment is ready for you I did all
the dishes that you wouldn't be
disgusted when he came in and I'm just
so excited
cuz it's kind of lonely like but I will
talk to you guys very soon
