hey guys welcome back to the vlog I just
took a shower and put a little bit of
makeup on because I'm going to the Grove
I got this shirt like two days ago I
think from Nordstrom it's actually a
men's shirt but I'm really really
obsessed with it it says NASA and I'd be
like it so I'm wearing that today but
I'm gonna continue getting ready because
I am starving so I recently came back
from the Grove I've actually just kind
of been sitting on my bed like on
Twitter and stuff but I did pick up a
few things I don't know if I'm going to
be collecting anything to create like a
collective haul or something if I do
then I probably will show these things
again but you guys are cool so the vlog
Channel viewers get to see it this stuff
first so starters I got this necklace
which I thought was super super cute it
has like a bunch of different layers and
stuff just I'll show you guys two
jewelry first I also got this little
girl choker thing I love how I'm getting
on the choker trend like 50 kajillion me
years later but you know what it's
freaking cute so I don't even care I
also got like some simple black choker
things you know what these are and then
I only got three other things I got this
baby pink top it's super cute and it
kind of flows out on the bottom it's a
v-neck and it's just a really pretty
like pastel pink and then I just got two
pairs of jeans and the first pair
they're like mid-rise they're not like
super high waisted like you can see the
belly bun but they like they're like
right at the belly button they're dark
gray and then they have rips and then
the second sorry I'm like so tired and
like so hot right now so I'm sorry if
that's like showing through camera and
then these
and then I got these they were just all
black but they have like little zippers
on the bottom right here I thought that
was really cute actually I wanted to
show you guys how I'm stirring my makeup
because I finally bought little makeup
drawers so I got these two clear bin
organizers from the Container Store I
got two of them and just put them next
to each other and then I've got these
little mercury metal cups technically
they're glass with a look metal so I've
got I've got I make up brushes here and
face makeup brushes there then yeah I
just started storing these in different
categories I also have more makeup in
this jar this is like my everyday stuff
that just didn't fit in there so I just
put those up here also I wanted to show
you guys one more thing I found these
little bins from the Container Store as
well and I really like it because it
gives you more space than just having
one bin because you can stack them and
they just pull out like this so I've got
this entire event dedicated to my one
and only saint-tropez and then yeah I've
got more stuff down here so I really
like how those slide then I've just got
hair stuff let's see I don't know if I
showed you guys what's down here yet but
I've got like hair tables there and then
this one has hair brushes scrunchies all
that good stuff then lastly in this
cabinet over here I got a second one so
this one down here has nail art from
nail polishes that I brought with me and
then some little nail tool kits and
stuff makeup bag I don't know I have yet
to organize these a little bit more but
they are getting there so it is much
later in the day it's about 7 o'clock
and I'm waiting for Alex to pick me up I
don't know who she's with right now but
we're going to Venice tonight just to
walk around and explore
I'm excited we're currently German out
in the car with these people and these
people a boo and we where we where it's
like such like like low jamming out it
is very true Jam I'm Sasha so I guess
we're going to lemonade now I don't
really I never know what's going on
everything it's like too late yeah so
change of plans yet again we are walking
to wasteland right now and I'm really
excited because I've never been to
wasteland and from what I've seen yeah
what I've seen at the clothes are superb
so we're doing that and then we're gonna
go oh my god we're here I'm so excited
so we're trying to find a place to eat
and it's not really working out because
every single place has a pretty long
wait and I'm also very dark right now so
gonna go over here but I think this is
3rd Street Promenade correct me if I'm
wrong I have no idea did that place look
good yo yo yo
so we have finally made it to a
restaurant we are at Redwood grill these
two over here ordered a cornbread I
think I'm gonna get the soup because I'm
in the soup mode
Wow these benches look like ice cubes we
just finished eating dinner and we're
heading back to the apartment Oh
so we are back at Lindsey and Megan's
apartment and we're just kind of I don't
know what we're gonna do you might meet
up with some other people or just chill
here but I wanted to end off the vlog
here so thank you so much for watching
today's video and I will see you guys
tomorrow bye
