hello everyone please ignore the hair
because I curled my hair last night then
I threw it into a bottom so this is the
end result I'm like kind of starting to
get ready but I'm also about to eat some
breakfast because I haven't eaten
anything today yet it's still like 9
a.m. or something it's pretty early but
let me update you guys a little bit
because I have not logged for the past I
think 3 days because I just kind of
wanted like a little break just to
settle down hang out with friends not
really worry about it I was also very
behind on uploading schedule so I'm not
missing any upload days but to update
you guys my mom is actually still here
she's leaving on Sunday so my dad had to
leave pretty early he left on Monday
morning for work I wanted to quickly say
thank you so much dad watching this I
honestly I don't think he watches my
videos but my dad was such a huge help
with this whole moving process from
helping to drive us there and building
on furniture you guys don't know my dad
like owns his own construction company
so he was like oh girl I got Phoenix a
girl he's like Oh Claudia like I got
this I will build you the furniture like
he like I swear to god he enjoys it so
my dad was a super huge help and I am so
so thankful and grateful to have it
because without him this entire process
honestly wouldn't have happened I got
this shirt like two days ago or
something it's from Topshop but I love
it it's got like this little crochet
pattern on the bottom as well as the
sleeves and I think it's so cute I love
shirts like this so this is my outfit
for the day that looks like that these
shoes are from Steve Madden and then my
shorts are from Free People this outfit
is a little bit different but I'm kind
of digging it right now ok so here is
what the
your little dresser cubicle thing is
looking like so far that's in front of
my bed my dog Russell is chilling down
here with that other golden thing I
think that looks really cute and my mom
actually bought me a second dog I don't
know I guess it's gonna become a thing
to just get little dog decorations I
don't know but we've got a little wiener
dog and I don't know what to name him
yet so if you guys have any name
suggestions for my wiener dog then leave
those in the comments but that's all
that I've got in that first bin that and
the second one right here I have a
larger white plastic bin I got it from
Target and I think it looks so cool I
love the whole asymmetrical type of vibe
I have a lot of stuff like that in my
room so I really like that then in this
next little cubicle we've got I don't
know this is like this stuff is all like
kind of temporary right now I think it
looks pretty good so I have no
intentions of like really changing it
yet or anything but in here I've just
got this little old black box that has
like this foam pad and I just stick all
my studs in here I might move this I
don't know I just kind of placed it
there and then here I this little nasty
eye box I just really like the font on
it so I think it looks cool so when you
open that up it just has a bunch of
backings to the earrings so it's just
convenient to have them right next to
each other and then I have a similar bin
to the one in the other one but this
one's a little bit smaller and it
perfectly fits all of my movies I'm also
super freaking weird and flipped over
any movies that do not match so for
example this one is like blue in pain so
the only ones that I kept facing the
front are like white ones basically so
we've got black swan' full house high
school musical she's the man Monte Carlo
sixteen Candles home alone two and
wedding crashers these are all super
random movies but I got all of them like
five hours of targets I've just been
kind of slowly collecting them but I
think this bin is so perfect for movies
so I really do like how this Benelux
and then this one over here I am
obsessed with this I got this epi
container store about two days ago I
believe so for starters it's got that
triangle geometric feel that I can kind
of have going on in my room so this is
actually where I'm gonna be storing all
my jewellery so it's got different like
levels to it so the first one has rings
some of my jewelry isn't in here yet but
then I've got like bracelets necklaces
stuff that I use more often than we've
got this one with larger diamonds I we
like how they're divided as well and
then the last one is just like a large
bin so I think this is super cute great
for saving space and I'm just obsessed
with it so I got this at me earlier
today I went to Rodeo Drive with my mom
just to kind of walk around so y'all the
store is stuff like that we also got
lunch at this one place it's called like
Villa Blanca I don't know but apparently
it's owned by one of the ladies that's
in the Real Housewives of Beverly Hills
I think so
my mom was freaking out because she is
all up on those reality TV shows she
loves them so she was like super excited
to go to lunch there so we we ate there
and we just like walked around and stuff
so it's nice but right now I am just
editing some vlogs I'm actually already
starting to edit today's vlog so you
guys just saw the scene of me showing
the jewelry and stuff that's what I'm I
think but I've got a few other things
that I want to show you guys it's like
how I'm organizing the little cabinets
down there as well as my closet because
I'm pretty sure that my closet is 100%
done which is awesome hopefully you guys
find this stuff entertaining do you guys
like seeing how I store things and
I don't know hopefully you guys do
because I'm about to show you guys a lot
of stuff so let me see let's work that
what let me put the screen so that you
guys can see what I want to show you
guys yeah a really really hot neighbor
just walked by my window without a shirt
on Wow so I'm gonna try my best to not
make this vlog shaky because so many of
you guys complain about how my vlogs are
super shaky and I apologize about that
I'm really sorry don't worry I also want
to throw up when I'm editing my videos
but this one currently is that a scratch
no it's all good
this one is currently empty so I don't
know what I'm gonna put in there yet the
top drawer over here has gotten my
camera lenses things that I commonly use
microphone tripod memory cards battery
things like that then down here I've got
things that I use less frequently so
I've got a gopro waterproof camera
polaroid ployed film random stuff then
going over to the right on the top
drawer i'm going to be storing all of my
wires and a few other miscellaneous
things below that I've got some other
random things like a hard drive and fun
places and you know things like that
then in this last drawer I have the
majority of my purses and clutches and
stuff like that oh and this random belts
I literally own one random black belt I
had no idea where to put it so I just
stirred it here because it has no other
place then over to the right I have this
little three bucket organizer thing that
I brought back from home and I used to
store my electronics and all the things
that just showed you guys in here but
now that those have a new home I don't
know what to do with this it honestly
doesn't look that bad in my room because
it's metal in whites but I just I don't
know I think I'll just put it in
a smaller closet because I also don't
really have a purpose for this closet
yet either all I have in here is just
like my camera and my tripod but I guess
I'll just put this in here and figure
out what I wanted to do with that here
is what my closet looks like and I was
so excited to show you guys because I am
so happy without Lux I still want to get
a few bins because some of the things
that I have stored here I just kind of
throw and don't really feel like folding
so it would look a lot prettier if I had
more bins but I need to find some that
at least kind of match these blue ones
and they're not completely random
looking but let me just go over what I
did here honestly I'm giving you guys
like a full room tour by the time I make
over on my main channel like nobody's
gonna want to watch it all right over
here we've got tops and then it goes
shorter as you go to the right this band
has underwear this bin has socks then
over here we've got jeans skirts shorts
bras bralette sports bras stuff like
that pajama tops I'd leave these are not
pajama tops workout clothes more pajamas
yeah I kind of need to fix up that
little corner but I also got this little
shoe stand from Target as of right now
this is perfect for the amount of shoes
that I brought with me I still have to
put that pair or right in this area but
I've got room for three more pairs of
shoes
I've got fancier stuff on this side
sweaters sweat pants and sweatshirts oh
and then up there I've got a bunch of
bathing suits I've got lots of bathing
suits so that entire box is filled with
them but that is what my closet looks
like and I'm so happy with it
it like motivates me to keep it clean
and organized and then o on the right
over here I've got a little longer than
I don't think I will be hanging out with
anyone or going out tonight because I've
got lots of editing and email responding
to do tonight and stuff so I think I'm
just going to stay at home have a chill
night so I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video and I will see you guys tomorrow
bye
