so my parents went to the grocery store
and they got a few things do not mind
any alcohol that is in here that is
theirs they got hummus because they know
they know the way to my heart and I got
got only peppers lunch meat grapes
carrots juices I don't know conk got
water up there no just have a few fruit
I'm going to be taking up this like half
of the kitchen and ask them called this
back corner of the kitchen so these are
all empty but so far let's see I've put
my nutribullet stuff up there and that
little chopper thing guys this thing is
so cool I hope I never show to someone
totally bought it in vlogmas I feel like
it was Emily or something but we've had
this for a while now and I asked my
parents if I could take it with me
because it's never you just put whatever
you want here and it chops and it's
awesome so if you have to make chopped
salads like that's the thing you need to
buy for those then I've got my
spiralizer
I brought three motor thing you animal I
have yet to buy plates and all that
stuff which I'm doing today I got four
of these like asses from Ikea what aspen
and i are doing is we're getting our own
sets of cups mugs plates love all that
stuff just so that we can wash and be
responsible for our own dishes then i've
got this one which i havent Philadelphia
I don't know what I'm gonna put in here
but this one has sugar and cinnamon at
the top cheese and emerging two packets
in the middle and then like vitamins
there is half of my chair my beautiful
chair the other half is over there so
yeah we've got stuff all over the place
a lot of this is actually like garbage
this is my awesome bed at the moment we
just got it right here
I've also hung up a lot of things they
shouldn't be here I hung up a lot of
things in my closet last night so
there's a few I need to get more of
these hangers I didn't realize that I
didn't bring all them and then I'm
waiting to use like my pillows and
blankets I don't even know what I did
here I just put all my pants here my
shorts here just so that like I can grab
them but yeah I've got this small closet
and I'm not sure what I want to do with
this yet all right so we've got stuff in
the ground nothing has been built yet
then my bathroom is kind of a hot mess
right now my mom has like her stuff
right here I was just doing my makeup
and watching youtube videos but I got
this mirror from Ikea yesterday and this
is actually gonna go on the desk in my
room I think I read somewhere in my room
but here I wanted to move it to show you
guys so it's just very simple it's like
metal and then it bends and goes like
that and then this entire thing is just
like a long mirror I also unpacked my
box with all of my fragile like glass
frames and most of these are going in my
room but I just kind of threw them in
like my bathroom and stuff so you can
see this is where I am temporarily
storing them I've got hair stuff there
and then in here I don't know I just
like kind of wine and white to put stuff
so nothing is like in its official spot
yet let's see this makeup wipes you're
right I got these two products from
first aid beauty Jessica Chu sent these
to her apartment so Aspen's package is
when your room s misogynist kids waiting
urine but we got the ultra Repair wash
which I use last night and also the
ultra Repair lotion which this is the
first time I think this is the first
time I've ever tried the lotion because
I have the ultra Repair Cream and this
one is like a lot thinner and I really
really liked it so I love how these are
like huge bottles so I'm going to start
using those I also got great towels for
my bathroom they're looking kind of
we're deciding okay also I don't know if
I mentioned this before I may have but
the whole like color scheme that I'm
going with for my room in my bathroom is
white silver and gold so I'm going to be
mixing metals and then everything else
is just gonna be white so I think it's
going to turn out really cute I'm really
excited for all of the furniture to come
together and yeah so once my parents
come back home we're going to build
everything and then once I kind of
figure out how I want everything to be
like laid out in my apartment then we're
going to go back to Ikea so that I can
buy these smaller things like plates
silverware pots pans anything that's
like decorative and stuff like that so
this is the part when the shopping gets
fun because I actually get to you know
like start designing and stuff and I'm
so excited it's gonna be so cute right
now I'm just kind of cleaning around
because obviously you can tell there's
just a lot of clutter everywhere and
nothing really has like a spot yet so I
don't really know like there's nothing
to do with my clothes because I ran out
of hangers and I have no shelves or
anything and that's about it so I'm
sitting on my mattress and I've been
editing a blog from I think Tuesday yeah
Tuesday so I'm very very behind on the
vlogs I am Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
Friday say four days behind what Fupa
I'm so bad at this um but my parents
just came home so we've got the tools to
finally build the stuff and did you guys
stop by thrift stores if you say good
will they stop by Goodwill and my mom
bought me this tray and I know yeah for
99 cents okay that's awesome and this is
for sure from Target because I like have
two silver trays from them and they have
the same like black plastic bottom I
really like
it's really cute but I'm gonna finish
editing my vlog and quickly upload that
I quickly wanted to say a big thank you
to just get you over at first a beauty
because she said Aspen I these
hydrangeas
yeah these are my mom's favorite flowers
so she was freaking out like oh they're
so pretty but yeah these are hey my
mom's gonna take it with her they're
really cute so I want to say thank you
so update the bed is complete so here is
my outfit for the day I'm wearing black
buoys a black dress and then I throw on
let me just step here mirror I mind this
like long top from brandy melville it
has 32 on the tit okay and there that's
the best I can do I also haven't dyed my
hair purple in a pretty long time so you
can still see a little bit of purple so
now in the sunlight you can see that
there's like a little bit there's like a
random strip of purple here but it's
just like kind of weird-looking I don't
know so I gotta fix that up soon but
right now my mom and I are about to go
what is he saying so I just got back
from the Grove with my mom and I didn't
get anything my mom got a dress and she
bought my dad some some deodorant but I
wanted to show you guys what my room
looks like because my dad finished with
all of the building and it's really
coming together and I'm so obsessed oh
okay wait let me flip the screen my dad
like really doesn't like the pillows
right now they're temporary this isn't
the final thing I feel like this pillow
is too yellow I wanna I have to add more
I don't see that pillows too yellow for
me no okay well anyways alright so
here's the desk right the chair the bed
we still have to get drawers underneath
and I think I'm going to put them on
this side cuz I've lost face the
nightstand is like a Rollie one I'm
obsessed with it
it's so
q you're gonna put this out over here
yes I'm gonna put on my ceiling so when
I wake up in the morning I can look at
that yes so we're going back to Ikea
because I might do like a wall
entertainment system type thing or like
possibly a lower dresser or just a huge
mirror in front of the bed and then a
smaller table in the corner so a lot of
options you choose yes Mir no no that's
sort of like it's going so we just
purchased everything and we got it on
the card today I bought two like cube
units for my closet then I also got this
large mirror because like I said before
the smaller one just didn't look right
in the room and this one's cool because
it's like silver and gold at the same
time so I think it'll look good and then
we got some shelves and some doors and
another like cube unit yeah we got free
food today which was really cool they
had this deal going on that if you spent
over 100 all the food you need is free
so naturally we like the courses
and we took two dishes home hi so I just
wanted to film this quick to end today's
vlog but I am about to have a sleepover
with Lindsey and Megan and Jack who is
already asleep
and it is also our use maybe Captain
Kirk general joined Isis may possibly
oppose I hope you guys enjoy today's
video we're gonna go sleep and I'll see
you guys tomorrow
Oh
