good morning everyone welcome back I'm
gonna pause this before I get
copyrighted no one likes that come on
come on you guys always ask how I get
away with like having songs in my car
playing throughout the videos and stuff
like that technically I shouldn't be
doing it but I always make sure it's
like around like six seconds not anymore
and we just hope for the best first
question is it too early to have this up
I'm serious guys it's so cute here's
today's outfit it is very fall ask if
you askme uploaded the new vlog last
thing and already some of you guys are
commenting such sweet things I feel like
I say this all the time but I literally
don't deserve you guys because I don't
think I get a single hate comment you
guys have brought so much happiness and
joy into my week and I wasn't even
planning on vlogging today but I was
like you know what let's do it so I just
got ready if I kind of look like I have
faux freckles I tried them out this
morning and I decided to like wipe them
off for the vlog because I just don't
know how that's gonna look throughout
the day in different Lighting's and
stuff but they actually looked like
pretty fire you guys are gonna see what
I look like when I have like faux
freckles on then go to my Instagram I
post an Instagram on it but yeah I have
like a pimple right in the middle of my
nose and so that's where it all began I
was trying to cover it up the first
thing I want to do is actually stop by
HomeGoods and look at different like
furniture and decor pieces and stuff I
wrote a few things on here that I am in
search for a hallway bench or table
something like right when you walk into
the left because that wall is just super
empty and large I need an office mirror
above my little you know organizer thing
more makeup storage I want a paper
holding tray for all my printer paper
I need more collage wall stuff because I
literally only have like one thing
pillows for my bed upstairs and a holder
for like my record discs what else oh I
got a package from IKEA last night so I
opened that up this morning I got these
like little brown baskets and they're
from Ikea guys they're such good quality
I just bought them online I love how
they look this room really needed some
Brown because we obviously have the
green we have the white but I have so
much wood going on in my apartment we
needed something brown in here so I'm
excited just to get like maybe like a
circle mirrors
thank to kind of finish off this room I
also got a coatrack Lexi had this back
of the old place and it's super simple
and modern and I just wanted up in my
room oh my god I totally forgot to
mention I got a desk
well vanity type thing boy was there
drama with that one I swear to God I
have like the worst luck with ordering
stuff online but I still end up doing it
anyways so let me show you guys what I
have now which is probably what I'm just
gonna do is I just got this super simple
runway desk from CV to this chair I've
actually had for a little bit's from
Urban Outfitters
I thought the cushion was gonna be more
blue because online it was saying like
light blue and white but ya know it's
cute I like it so here's the story right
cb2 used to sell this desk in this shade
and also like an all mirror desk since I
already have a lot of white going on I
was really excited to get like a mirror
desk super-badass
probably would have looked so coat that
chair so I ordered the desk and here it
is but if you look closely it freaking
came broken that desk arrived while I
was shooting verses and so we finally
scheduled to come on like a weekend day
or something it shows up it's broken
I called them right away I'm like guys
can we do like in exchange whatever yes
we couldn't find a day that worked for
the delivery company and my schedule
because I was busy every single weekday
and so we couldn't like find a time for
them to pick up this desk and then ship
a new one so we wrapped the show I
called them up saying hey like we I
already started conversations with
another one of your guys's like
representatives whatever but my desk
ain't broken I was wondering if I could
bob la take care of it cuz I couldn't
for the past month the woman tells me
that she can pick up the desk and I'll
get my money back but they discontinued
the desk two weeks before I called she
was like ma'am I wish you had just asked
for the switch back when you actually
received the desk and I was like I I did
but we couldn't find a day and then so I
just I waited a little bit and now here
I am with to death so what that I love
is broken and this one actually came
with a little dent and it actually is
really really throwing me off and I want
to like return this desk and get a new
one but also I'm just so over the desk
drama that I kind of just
don't care and I already built it and I
already like what stuff in it there's
the little tent what I've look from far
away like it is the only thing that I
see and it bothers me so much cuz it
like sticks out all at all I'm a little
butthurt I'm a little disappointed but
honestly I don't have the patience to go
through it again so I'm just like it's
fine it's fine they're going to pick up
this very very beautiful damaged desk
next week imagine if that was a mirror
desk how I don't want to talk about guys
I'm a little overwhelmed there's a lot
of stuff here that I like literally
after being here for like five minutes I
think I found what I want in my leg
hallway area actually look at this guy
here's what we're looking at so far I
found this beaded pillow and I think the
color is so pretty and the pattern also
doing at these little bath towels
foreleg upstairs and downstairs found
literally the most perfect tray for my
office and so I'm going to put this on
that little back thing and also this
picture frame because I really like the
like natural material when people are
walking past you
I think I'm gonna get this table and
switch out these knobs for like some
cooler looking ones from Anthropologie
stop by anthropology these are the
options that I'm looking at I don't know
if I should do like two matching ones or
do like two kind of slightly different
ones slightly nervous about my choice
but I'm gonna do these two different
little crystal ones they're gonna go on
that so we'll we'll see every time I
spend a day shopping and like driving
around town at my hands always feel it
so gross
oh my god I have makeup wipes wow I just
answered my own problem that's great
got a few more things that I didn't show
you guys so I'll show them once I get
home it feels so much later than 6 p.m.
because it's already pitch-black outside
but you know daylight savings that's
what happens before I go home I think
I'm gonna stop by Target honestly
because I haven't been there in months
and I kind of want to like check out the
home - Korra's scene we got a 36 minute
drive ahead of us also I was so hungry
and HomeGoods I got a giant bag of
popcorn and I didn't freakin buy food
when I was at the Galleria and so this
pipes very quickly become my lunch and
dinner today oh my god look at these
guys yep yep yep yep these are going on
my bed after a full day of shopping this
is everything that's in my car I have a
problem guys this is gonna be fun what a
successful trip so these are all the
things that I got I guess I'll start off
here technically it's a vanity organizer
but I'm gonna put this in my pantry all
these cabinets are super deep and I
wanted to place one in here because I
have so many boxes of tea and stuff and
so now once I get it going I'll be able
to like put things in here I don't know
I'll figure it out but I just wanted at
least one of these to have in here this
candle I got from Anthropologie it is so
so pretty it's like a white gold and it
is Christmas scented I don't know what
scent this is but if you go to
anthropology and you see this candle
smell it and buy it oh my gosh I'm
literally lighting that tonight also got
these cute little coasters this one is
more of like a kind of lavender whitish
pastel and then we have a blue one of
course these two that you guys saw I
still got to bring that thing out of my
car
if you guys remember this little pork
display I started this with my roommates
these are all corks that we have
accumulated and then I just continued
but I also found more corks from Target
and so I was like hell yeah I might even
put them into like another glass jar
somewhere else I just think it looks so
cool this is the paper tray from home
goods so I'm just gonna have like paper
in here I got this giant candle from
targets as well as this little glass guy
I also got this fun little silver tray
from targets I'm gonna rearrange
everything that's going on right here I
don't like having the books there I
think it just looks off I don't know so
this might be one of the things that I
place on there and with like other stuff
as you guys saw from home goods these
two little hand towels as well as this
frame I think I'm going to have this up
on this wall this is probably the
dumbest purchase I've made all day they
are fake limes I don't know where
they're gonna go but I feel like they're
gonna look great in that kitchen so I
might actually put these in here we'll
see I also got this fuzzy pillow from
Anthropologie it's like a creamy pink
tan color it's probably gonna stay here
on the couch I just wanted to add more
than just cool tones because there's
like a lot of cool tones going on needed
a new lampshade for my office this
little pillow I got this fuzzy blanket
from Target it is so smooth and soft I'm
probably gonna bring it up to my bed
upstairs these two pillows I also got
from Target and they'll probably go
upstairs on my bed as well but I loved
this like shiny turquoise color and also
this kind of darker mixed green these
two giant white guys are gonna go on
against my headboard on my pillow as
well because I needed new like big ones
and those are all the things oh I also
got these socks from Target I feel like
it's so hard to find no-show socks that
actually like look good and last long
and stuff and yeah I really like these
if you're looking for you know some new
socks to buy Target I just got so much
done started messing around with the
pillows the decorations
I brought the desk up here it looks
great let me show you real quick super
happy about this I think it's gonna look
so nice when I
have these little guys in here instead
of the black ones I did a little bit of
work upstairs in my room with the
pillows but I'll show you guys that in a
bit because I'm so hungry I don't know I
changed it up I don't even think this
like really looks that great I just have
some of the newer things that I
purchased spray is a little facial spray
like is that gonna stay there I don't
know but more importantly I post me at
sushi and I'm gonna watch some OC I'm on
season 2 and I am obsessed with it I
love it but also I was like such a fan
of Gossip Girls that makes sense because
they're very similar shows as far as
like how the story is told in everything
I think they're made by the same people
too got a little fresh package in the
mail let's see what's in here
stop stop stop stop stop stop no new
crack free sunglasses and closed Marissa
you did not have to do this I'm
literally about to say the most absurd
sentence ever
Wow we were talking about life and
meditating with a Buddhist monk in
Cambodia in a Buddhist monastery we were
in the middle of this jungle on this
beautiful like patterned platform with a
giant Buddha in the middle and just like
it was so pretty anyway so we were done
meditating
I dropped my sunglasses on the ground
and they cracked and I hold you guys you
do not have to worry about it this is
like so nice thank you guys oh my god
you did not have to do that like it was
1,000% my fault oh my god thank you guys
so much okay hell yes so glad I went
with the crystal and I'm so happy that I
chose two different ones cuz I just
think it looks so cool and unique and
different oh my god and it looks so much
more expensive now - obviously it's
another day before we end off today's
vlog I want to show you guys like the
pillows and stuff because I realized
that I didn't show you that night
this is what we did here I put this
green pillow down here with this like
pinkish one and I think it just you know
it adds a little bit of warmth got some
nice little white flowers happening here
I put my fake limes in a jar and then I
actually have real lemons over here
because I want to start drinking lemon
water every morning for the time being I
just put this poster above this table
but I actually have a different one
coming in that's like similar size and
it's a UFO and it says get in loser and
it's black and white and I think it's
gonna look really sick and then lastly
this is what the room is looking like
very happy about the blanket very happy
about the big white pillows I don't
really like the blue pillows on here I
thought it looks like a little too young
and so I'm probably gonna get like some
like newer like gray and white ones to
throw in there I'm gonna go work out I
hope you guys enjoy today's vlog we've
really only talked about furniture today
also I built the rock and I put it right
there so that's from Ikea I will see you
guys for a new vlog soon bye
