so it is the next day it's about 6:30
mom is Joey no
I went to bed
what do you turn it what what we're
doing what is doing no I'm good
and I wish thought you just wanted to
show you guys like hey look my mommy
the others driving
Chester is chilly
all as well so it's 938 and I just
switched with my mom so she's driving
I also got some food yeah I'm sorry
today's vlog is gonna be really boring
because we are really sitting in a car
the entire day dad where are we every
salon Colorado
we stopped by for some gas and now my
mom and I are gonna wash the bar because
it is nasty
this is disgusting
yay so we found a Whole Foods in
Colorado so we're getting lunch here
there's so tired you had a crazy
caffeine rush from your Red Bull my mom
was like look at that mouth oh my god
look at that look at that look at that
hey guys so we stopped by at a motel
because last night we drove through the
entire night and this place looks so
much like Aspen's room like it's
actually freaking me out so I ended up
driving through Aspen Sun so I am
staying the night - today we're having a
slumber party because over my parents
are staying at a motel and I was like oh
my god let's just sleep in her town so
this is yeah it was like talk to you
later so we're currently sitting at
Aspen's des this is her office guys do
you like it do you like it this is this
is the new apartment we're living in our
basement actually surprise
just-just-just this room only this room
that's my bed right there you guys
wondering I was about to say I'm helping
Aspen but I'm really not I'm just kind
of sitting here like you always been is
currently working on like what are you
working working on taking themselves
taking some orders her new business when
she dissolves clothes through Instagram
she's an entrepreneur double threat
youtuber / businesswoman yes
hey so it is 1 a.m. right now s and I
were video chatting with Lindsey and
Ravi and I still cannot believe that I'm
going to be like eating dinner with them
tomorrow because I'm moving tomorrow
what yeah we were video chatting with
them for a while and
and astronaut we were just sitting
laying on her but quite as that pillow
looks so strange I thought it was like a
human for a second that was weird
or a child's naked caterpillar right now
but we're about to go wash our faces and
brush our teeth and do all of that stuff
so I figured I would just end up today
so I'm here but hopefully you guys
enjoyed it I know it was a lot of just
sitting in the car and stopping at gas
stations and I don't even know what else
I bought today I feel like I didn't talk
much but
