good morning guys
so I just recently woke up I just took a
showers my hair is wet but I'm about to
head out to target because I need to get
a few things but I wanted to show you
guys my car because I didn't show it to
you guys in yesterday's vlog so this is
it it is so beautiful I love it and for
those of you guys who are wondering I
paid for this car 100% by myself
so I just wanted to point that out if
anyone's like gear spoiled blah blah
whatever like I'm moving to California I
need a car so I bought myself car but it
is the 2014 Prius and it's the third
model and I got the panoramic sunroof
which I'm so thankful for because I did
not think that do we have any available
but it looks like that and like the
color is so pretty I talked about
yesterday I think it's like what so you
can't really tell but it's like this
pearly shimmery color and it's so pretty
I've always wanted a white car so I
fulfilled my dreams of getting one so
the reason I'm going to target is
because I realized that I have like a
full tub of hummus in my mini-fridge and
I really really want to eat it for
breakfast I've got a weird appetite but
I want to head over to Target to get
some carrot sticks to eat my hummus with
because I don't want to bring it with me
in the car and I hope you say one eat it
not throw it out so I'm gonna go get
some carrots because we don't have any
and we don't have any chips or anything
and then also I'm gonna get a bunch of
like 5-hour energy so that we can drive
through the night time not fall asleep
these carrot sticks are the best thing
yaws like carrots and hummus right let's
go this is the roasted red pepper hummus
from Trader Joe's and it's the best time
ever these are the best parents ever
Claudia is so happy buddy is about to
watch some blocks while she eats so I
quickly want to show you guys how I am
packing my light bulbs because I have
three huge studio lights every single
light contains five light bulbs so I
have to bring 15 with me and I was like
worried about how I'm gonna pack them
because obviously light bulbs are super
like fragile and stuff but I found out
the perfect way and I wanted to show you
guys so in my trunk I have this lower
storage area and what I did is I took
two shoeboxes right this is my cargo
pop-up so I'm going to do that with my
foot and I wrapped every single light
bulb in an old sock there you go push
those back actually have more room which
is awesome I'm probably going to put
like all of my electronics in here or
maybe I'll just do more fragile things I
don't really know but it's really nice
and then you can just
I swear she keeps following me
everywhere to go
I was so cute you're such a freak I'm
leaving you guys so update we've got one
of the larger boxes all taped up and
ready to ship and I was actually able to
dump out the third one and fit all of
the clothes into two of them so this one
is coming with me and it is so stuff
like we were pounding it in so we're
gonna ship this one we've got this one
with us this one has like kitchen stuff
and medicine and team appliances the
glass
I've got products in here but also over
here we got even more stuff yay
but my mom and I are starting to pack in
the car let me show you guys what we've
done in the bottom portion of this car
we were able to stuff my huge white
duvet thing in here which is lovely
because that would have taken up a lot
of space and now we are starting to pack
up the bottom of the car with these
smaller boxes oh we are getting ready to
move I just uploaded my vlog from two
days ago which was my first move in vlog
and the comments were like really good
like you guys were saying that you're
excited for them which is good to hear
um let me show you guys what it looks
like now inside I just realized that
I've logged my license plate we're gonna
do that again but we filled up the car
like crazy full we're gonna have my
dad's and my mom's bag like the chillin
up here okay so you know how there's the
Jessica's okay no her name is gonna be
just a car that's my car's name it's a
Jessa car if you guys have no idea what
I'm talking about then watch my vids
but here let me show you guys
this part tail oh my God look at this my
tires are gonna hate me my car is gonna
hate me mom we're gonna be driving 2,000
miles two days after we get it holy
jesus this is not gonna close kitty oh
you guys see the inside don't think I
ever show to you guys looks like this
this is where I keep my swag why is it
not focusing there you go all right I
want to show you guys my closet Riley I
still have like a good amount of clothes
left and this thing is like I don't need
at the moment and this one we've got a
few and then also I actually have a lot
more clothes left in the other room but
I'm not gonna show you guys that room
freedom is super super messy but it's
got like all my extra dresses and
fancier clothes that I'm not bringing
but yeah the room is kind of messy
because there's just kind of stuff
everywhere what my mom said to not worry
about it because we see us and we're
saying our final goodbyes with my
brother
all right guys so we had to stop by
Walgreens but we are feeling oh my gosh
guys we had to stop by the house to get
and I pass and look at who is on the
driveway I'll miss you hello everyone so
I am here with an update
we've got 1839 miles left and we haven't
stopped or anything I've been driving
this whole time so how long have you
been driving for two two and a half
hours what's it yeah the otter back here
keeps whining about subway she's been
creating subway all day
la notte discovery yeah exactly
the next stop we passed by we're gonna
we're gonna take it so that we can yeah
we're gonna leave the car there I don't
want this car anymore
oh how - you guys are sunset that we're
looking a little bitter look at our
ghost peeking back there all right wait
let me show you guys me flip it so I can
show you the sunset with a band right
now hi what's up we are in McDonald's
and it's really cool looking McDonald
it's like look at this that's some food
the only thing I could really eat here
is like salads so hold that happened and
what you get mom show you something some
sort of rap my parents got raps
my eyes are really really tired so how
long did I Drive for how long drive for
like three hours something wooden I
actually went by pretty fast we are
currently in I
hi guys what time is it mom suppose
twelve and worked a gas station right
now getting gas one of the highways was
closed off so apparently my parents
really like circling for a long time or
something just annoying but your son
Iowa still driving
