hi guys so it is mmm they know it is
Tuesday okay right what is going on
yeah it's Tuesday um so I just finished
filming the clips for my morning routine
video that I said I would do yesterday
but I didn't end up having time I think
my cousin is actually coming over in an
hour
because we wanted to see each other one
last time and probably grab some lunch
or something which I'm not even hungry
anymore because I to make a smoothie for
the video so obviously that I'm also
waiting for my dad to call me when he's
coming home so you could pick up my car
oh I'm so upset with myself my cousin
just came over and I completely forgot
to vlog with her I just completely
forgot that I'm vlogging today but my
cousin Nicole came over and we just sat
around in my room hung out talked for a
little we went out to lunch we went to
noodles and company but it was really
fun catching up with her so that was it
was really nice I think I'm going back
to the car dealership at 4 o'clock which
is in 20 minutes hopefully we get the
car because this whole process has just
been taking way too long but this is
what happens when you try to buy a car
last minute it's really frickin messy
right now I'm starting to lay out
clothes which I mean I've packed like
80% of it but I have to go through like
my shirts and stuff my this is just
ignore all of this I also have to take
care of my makeup yeah I'm just gonna
keep packing and doing my thing
alright let me turn off his music first
because that will probably be annoying
um so I came back from I keep changing
my outfit that this is the same day so I
came back from the car dealership with
my dad and I am officially a car owner
so I signed all of the millions of
papers that you have to do so I
officially own a car but I don't
physically have it with me yet because
we're waiting to put my name on
surance and like since kind of later in
the day we might have to wait until
tomorrow so I'm have most likely going
to be leaving like tomorrow afternoon
ish I don't even know it keeps getting
pushed back later but that's really
exciting I don't know if I talked about
what car I'm getting but I'm getting a
2014 Prius it's a third model and it's
so beautiful I got in the color blizzard
which is white but it has like this part
like this pearly kind of like shimmery
Sheen to it and it's so pretty like my
face just lit up when I saw it it took a
few days because I wanted one with the
solar panel at the top like the solar
panel roof or whatever it's called
because they didn't they only had ones
that just had no sunroof or anything and
I purchased it I didn't lease it so I
wanted to you know pay for exactly what
I wanted and I was able to get the exact
car that I wanted so I'm just like so so
so happy it was really funny the guy
when I was like signing like the
contracts and stuff he was like ah dad
you gotta take pictures of your daughter
signing her life away to her new baby it
was really funny so I like pictures of
me like you know doing official contract
signing he's cute but as you can see
like there's just clothes everywhere so
let me show you guys what I'm doing now
I'm packing up more and more so what
we're going to do is we're driving the
Prius to California it's gonna take
about thirty hours so we'll just like
take turns driving and sleeping and
stuff and we'll get there in like two
days and we'll be bad but that means
that I'm gonna have to be shipping a few
of my boxes I'm probably going to be
shipping these three giant boxes which
are like the majority of my clothes so
I'm trying to stuff these as much as I
can and I'm gonna duct tape the shit out
of them so that they don't fall apart or
anything so I'm doing that right now I'm
playing some music on my computer I've
got that we've got a bunch of laundry
just like drying in the air and then
let's see what other progress have I
made I've got all my pillows here
if I'm keeping it in this garbage bag
but I've got like all my pillows in
there and it's great this box is going
to hold all of my sweatpants t-shirts
sweaters things like that more casual
wear and I'm not going to need most of
this right away so I'm just going to
ship this box to get it out of the way
and what I'm going to be doing is
throughout the layers of clothes I'm
laying out all of my heels because I've
got this lower box here that I have like
lower shoes in I'll just put this you
know by like the feet in my car or
something this will easily fit but for
the shoes that I will not be needing
like fancier heels and stuff I'm just
going to start laying them flat in
between the clothes so that they don't
poke through or anything because they'll
be cushion and I'm also making sure that
like any used shoes are going to be on
top of like black clothing to not get
anything dirty and stuff like that yeah
this one is starting to fill up to the
top it's got like my fancier clothes and
t-shirts and stuff and this one is also
filling up I still have a little bit
more room for sweaters this one I'll
probably ship as well because it's got
like colder clothes I mean it also has a
lot of shorts as well but I don't know
whatever so I'm definitely not taking
all of my winter clothes though this is
just like cardigans loose sweaters
leggings jeans stuff like that that'll
be good for fall time and that's pretty
much it I'm starting to fill up this one
as well and um yeah hello hi oh my god
guys I am driving in my car for the
first time my Thai life and I had to
block it obviously but I'm like freaking
out right now and I probably shouldn't
be holding a camera so I'm gonna put you
guys down now but I am so excited I love
it I think I'm gonna start playing a
game called how many shirts
can I wear in one day you've got a new
one on I don't know why I keep changing
shirts because I'm packing random things
and whatever but it's about 11:40 right
now so it's almost been
night and I seriously feel like my cat
knows what's going on because she's been
circling this room
like for the past hour just rubbing her
face on everything and she just keeps
like coming by me these boxes have been
sitting here like for a week and she's
just been like sleeping in them which I
know cats love sleeping in boxes anyways
but like I just like to believe that she
knows what's going on and she's going to
miss me because I am clearly her
favorite owner so I'm just having some
quality time with my cat right now I'm
gonna miss her so much
honestly like I sound like such a cat
lady right now but like Frances is the
coolest cat in the entire world like she
is so chill she's never afraid or
anything she loves to cuddle just play
she doesn't use a litter box which is
awesome she's pretty much a dog she's
the cutest thing ever
and I just love her so I'm going to show
you guys some more progress that I've
done so I've actually sorry it is so
dark in this room let's see when it
turns some lights on okay so I've got
two box sitting out four boxes that are
officially taped up and ready to go
these are the two that I'm going to be
shipping so I'm still filling them up
this one is like pretty much good to go
I could just push a little bit more in
I've got this box filling up I'm filling
up this one with like my glass and cups
and stuff um so yeah lots of progress
has been made and oh my gosh this is
gross so I guess that is it for today's
vlog it's been a very very busy day
I didn't wow I just realized I didn't
even eat dinner I'm very excited I'm
very happy right now you know things are
things are really going great I'm a
happy camper why am i dragging on this
clip I just need to end it okay bye
Oh
