oh my god oh my god
hey guys so it kind of looks like I had
which I kind of did but today is
actually my last full day in this town
which is super crazy but I have so much
to do right now I'm about to head over
to Home Depot because I need to get a
few more boxes and I think I'm gonna get
like those heavy-duty garbage bags I
also have to upload a video later
tonight I've got dinner with my friends
at 8 o'clock it's gonna be like our
final goodbye dinner with likes me and
six of my best friends I got a pack a
lot which luckily I already did a lot of
packing but I just need to finish that
up but yeah I thought that I would vlog
today because a lot of you guys wanted
me to oh my god this is so annoying
I keep getting messages from the group
chat and it keeps like sliding down but
you guys wanted me to vlog this whole
moving experience so that's what I am
doing here for you I hope you guys enjoy
these vlogs alright so I'm in Home Depot
and I'm
to medium boxes and one small and then
also I lost my tapes I'm getting some of
that as well still have yet to find the
garbage bags so I'm probably just gonna
ask someone this chair looks really
comfy sighs okay my head that didn't
hurt it sounded like it hurt but it
didn't all right I really ain't found my
garbage bags all right well that was a
hassle getting everything in the car
because I got like heavy-duty trash bags
and they only had like one box of them
so of course it contains 32 and it's
freaking heavy so I had to carry that
all the way in the car and we couldn't
put in a bag because it would just rip
through the bag and then it was windy
out as well so my bags my my boxes are
flying everywhere
I go let's make it home for my dad came
home and it happened because he's not in
the parking driveway so I wanted to show
you guys the stuff that I've packed so
far so I've got this smaller box and
this just has different like decorative
pieces and stuff so a lot of this is
glass in here and in this box I've
packed up all of my fancier clothes so
rompers dresses and skirts since it's
only halfway full I'm probably going to
throw all of my tops in here and see how
much I could fit in there then in this
box
I've got a few jackets jeans and shorts
I still have a few more shorts that I've
been wearing for the past week so
they're not in this box but those are
also going in here so I've got like a
bunch of room in those too
I found this smaller shorter box and it
perfectly fits these smaller bags and
I'm bringing with me then in this one
I've got like hair stuff and jewelry and
sunglasses I mentioned fit all that here
we've got the devil then in this box
I've got all the makeup everything
besides a few different products that
I'm
using up in my room and ok and then
underneath that I've got my Maybelline
makeup because I'm in a program with
them so I'm gonna be making videos for
them for the next 6 months so I'm not
sure what products though you know what
we use or whatever so I'm just bringing
all of that with me
then I've got my suitcase there's
nothing in here yet but I'm probably
gonna throw in more clothes so that is
everything so far so I just arrived at
the Toyota dealership with my dad so
we're about to take care of that and
I've got about 2 hours before my dinner
with my friends so hopefully we get
everything done I don't know it's just
been quite a hassle we've been trying to
get this car for the past like two days
and it's just I don't know there's a lot
of stuff in the way okay what's up we
just got back and it's exactly 6 o'clock
don't have my car yet because I I want a
specific car I'm getting a Toyota Prius
but I wanted like a specific color and
model and features and stuff we just
stopped by to drop off some papers
hopefully I get approved because I'm I
mean it's just I'm not gonna get into it
but anyways so dropped off papers and
why is my neck look so red hmm so I will
be getting the car tomorrow I've been
telling myself this like every single
day like ok tomorrow it's a deposit
something always pops up but yeah I'm
pretty sure we're gonna get it tomorrow
but I've got about an hour and a half to
get ready to go to dinner with my
friends I just uploaded my new video oh
my god oh my god it was falling
it's a watch me get ready style video
and I'm so excited about it it's the
first video in my maybelline campaign
that I'm doing this year cuz you guys
know that I did it last year as well so
it's super exciting and I put in a lot
of time and effort with filming and
editing this one so I'm really really
excited for you guys to watch it I'm
reading comments like right now but I'm
gonna get ready soon
because I had no idea what I'm gonna
wear anything but we're going to Mexican
restaurant which is I'm so excited about
I think it's called uncle Julio's or
something it's in downtown Chicago and
apparently they have the best guacamole
ever which sold me but I'm just reading
your guys's comments there's a comment
that says Oh in all caps love you too
hey guys so I just finished with my hair
and makeup so now I actually look like
my age not 12 years old but I am waiting
for my friends to pick me up because
we're all carpooling over to dinner I'm
still I'm just wearing this flowy floral
dress that I got from forever 21 and
hand over that I just have my brandy
melville open a cardigan not gonna lie
my arm is getting really tired right now
so that is my cue to leave
hey guys so we just got to dinner and
I am Jesus to go first it's Christmas
for Claudia all right gonna drop it here
she said my book for like months if she
finally gave it back to me they're
currently making our guacamole right in
front of us this is really exciting
we just destroyed that Lucy what are
your thoughts on the guacamole prevent
dezik everyone is smiling and happy
except for a drummer oh yeah so we just
got all of our food I got a wow this is
dark hold on a second my god
so we just finished with dinner
and Kate gave me a fortune cookie
honestly I'm kind of concerned why how
long true she is Asian how long is that
bar I just want the fortune I just want
the fortunate must needed vacation will
bring a great deal of enjoyment peace
basement now we're eating lollipops
what is the Stephen Hawking we just
finished our game and it was a horrible
time thank God it's over
no I'm just kidding it was really funny
I love that game in case you guys are
wondering this is what I fell on it's a
little cylinder that has balls in it and
then I also hit my head on this thing so
get out of the car foul language wait
all right I'm gonna show this off now
bye guys I hope you enjoyed today's vlog
I need to go hug my friends goodbye
