haha I'm gonna pretend like she didn't
say that
ok
hello everyone it is a vid con day too
well technically third day on here but
aspen and i had a meeting with stylehaul
neutrogena this morning with you other
beauty gurus so that went well and then
we just me back to the room because I
wanted to call my hair look who's here
please stop showing me up so ok here it
we're getting one not right now okay so
we just finish eating and we met up with
a hobby and that she never would she
wants involved did you guys like I'm
suddenly try go under the girls bathroom
like what happened I just kind of walked
in the girls back this way cleaner i
don't like I was kinda walked in
original kicked out but not this
security guard she walks in she goes is
anyone in here hey boy you are not
allowed in here and he walked out she
goes she goes why you in here and I go I
was born a female week believed it so
boys if you're watching this and you
want to go to a question I know you said
I'm just hanging out I'm hanging out
with some Viners some of youtubers some
more people
wait
we're eating Jolly Ranchers I'm here
come on dabangg my girlfriend we'll just
got to hang it out mom just dance for me
haha
my mom hello I'm up spinny chair right
now ice and i are chilling in the green
room I don't know there's like two of em
so don't know what this is considered
but we are waiting to go on the main
stage or we had to get you have a pretty
so we're just sitting here Aspen asked
megan choose to film our challenge so
I'm going to sue that footage and place
it in my video because that's how I roll
and yeah Sophie she does that but I'm
really excited I think it's me really
fun and I can't wait to make Ali's face
really really disgusting so we are
walking over soon california pizza
kitchen get some food and margie pig
like you hurt Justin murder myself I'm
going to order myself i feeI just can't
feel them anymore
some lame people over here and then
there's awesome um but yeah we just want
our food and I cannot wait to eat so we
are about to order in Cooper to go to
the collective party currently with
these folks right here they're pretty
cool folks and I'm done order Hoover
yeah popping an entity is fog here
because no one really works at the
parties or just kind of like exhaustion
wow I cannot believe that I have not
logged it today but I haven't really
accomplished that much I woke up pretty
late and these ladies over here went to
VidCon and I film take collab with
Hunter hunter march on youtube and that
turned out really funny so I'm really
excited for those videos to go up I came
back here and these ladies were waiting
for me right that's what if that's what
you guys aren't hearing you're waiting
for me or that thing Inslee I'm gonna
pretend like she didn't say that or that
um but now we're heading back to VidCon
because we've got like an hour left or
something and I'm really really hot I'm
sweating reflection I'm not gonna be for
so long just kidding I'm just kidding do
enough weight to me by i was making
actual piece of 20 Cal mine I hope you
guys enjoyed these blogs I didn't do
that well being a wife it happens I
tried so I hope you guys enjoyed these
videos I hate such a great time at
VidCon and I love meeting all of you
guys and we have so much fun and you
love you
