hola buenas noches mama Hezekiah
good morning everyone so it is Thursday
morning at the first day of VidCon and
Aspen and I just finished getting ready
because we've got a rehearsal at 10
o'clock for this little makeup challenge
that we'll be doing within grid tomorrow
so that's gonna be exciting and I can
show Alex hello she's getting ready
right now and we're about to leave but
here I'll show you guys my outfit so for
my top I am wearing it this white shirt
from Topshop it's got little flowers on
the bottom and sleeves and then I'm
wearing this flower in your skirt that's
also from Topshop I've got this little
phone wallet thing I don't know it's
really cute and small so I think I got
this from chic Nova calm like two years
ago and then for shoes I've got these
also from Topshop I am literally wearing
all Topshop but that's my outfit boy DJ
Whoo sup sup we just finished with the
rehearsal and we were just a little tad
late but it was fine because it only
lasted a few minutes and we just I don't
know we got directed to a bunch of
different stages and stuff
but anyways we met all the guys I'm
gonna be putting makeup on because it's
like a makeup challenge and it's gonna
be really fun so I'm really excited
about that today is a very chill day
Aspen and I don't really have too much
to do should you've got a dinner with
L'Oreal
oh yeah that's fun and then I pretty
much have the entire day just to be
social and stuff like that so we're
heading over to the awesomeness TV booth
to be social I have no idea my feet hurt
right now and I'm sweating we've been
standing cooking photos with you guys we
stuff that you guys are so sweet like
kills me
ally scared alright so cake factory with
all my Jessica Jessica
Pensacola
buenas noches Miyama has occurred all
the food is here every Jessica anyone
happy that's good so I'm here with the
sisters and we are it's not books right
now because we need to get some caffeine
in our bodies so I got the green tea
peach lemonade something like that
whatever it works
I got a grande iced tea vanilla
macchiato with an extra shot that is
still young and is not it hasn't begun
I'm so fun let's go let's go son
so we're in target right now what's new
feel like we've been really good I want
a banana immunity what do you want a
banana anyone like your song girl I'm
gonna pick up some adult
I don't know fellas life is so good I'm
getting these like this just sold me the
display
you do burritos for breakfast okay oh
yeah they do look pretty good I've never
had so Claudia keeps digging she's
walking in it it's not recorded I swear
it took the bun and then oh it wouldn't
Megan will give me a dance yes
