hello is anybody need an F
hey guys so I just made it to the hotel
room and it's so funny because this
hotel room is literally like a mini
apartment so we've got a kitchen great
this is the little living area I'm the
first one to get here because my flight
landed at 11 a.m. so it's pretty early
in the day oh yeah the nikes so the
convention center is like down over
there you can kind of see it cool stuff
right no so I have met up with oh and
we're getting our passes right now
because okay alright so the book so
right now we are in the convention
center we're gonna go to houses we just
got here yes and we're getting our
passes because it's like pretty empty to
me oh I don't know I keep switching yeah
we just got here is your brightness
higher than my nerd DUI joint oh yes my
pregnancy is definitely hired hi how's
it going I'm gonna be shirtless and I'm
sorry but I know you love what you see I
know a little acoustic guitar says okay
okay hello so we're about to go get some
dinner because all of us are just
starving we found some Thai vegan
vegetarian place or something so we're
all if you're interested all of the
above
so we really excited
they're such a hot couple cause you got
my page dr. Nassif I know I would say
don't know it's really weird because
like she's husband's boyfriend
it gets kind of weird sometimes but like
sometimes we get intimate - so you got a
complete the circle exactly you gotta
keep it going
we love polygamy yes you do charging
station
yeah guys I just filmed a really funny
clip and I never click the record button
were really upset that was so funny
ok well but we're in target right now
because here I'll just repeat what you
said so okay and it's three dollars for
30 but I have to end my Instagram photo
right now so let go they're gonna need a
nappy
no but uh what about a what a fine able
that's basically what happened but it
was like ten times longer because it was
implanted so we just got back to Megan
and Lindsey's room and look at who
arrived hello
oh my god so this is an awful position
back to where we were anyways so uh yeah
I just wanted to a film a little outro
but I'm sorry this video is short I'm
not really sure I don't get too much
footage but I plan on vlogging every
single day at VidCon so are you better
get excited get except for the vlogs
it's gonna be fun comment rate and
subscribe and thumbs up thumbs up for
what Megan polygamy
