this is why I don't with my friends
you guys asked
I
why choose to vlog when I look most
embarrassing still confuses me but I
just finished doing my makeup and right
now I have a little bit of the purple
shampoo that I made in the last vlog in
my hair because it started to fade and
it was looking a very silvery today so
I'm just letting my look so funny right
now I'm letting the purple conditioner
sit in my her and then I'm gonna wash it
out oh you guys want to see something
cute okay so this is like I feel like
everyone does this but I used to mark
how tall I was back in the day Shh it's
starting to fade but you can see right
here I was this tall on December 26th of
2008 and it's like a whole head shorter
than I am now 2012 that's not even me
that's Claudia l one of my good friends
that's also not meaning it clearly
because it says Liza and there's 55 so
as you can see I am 55 in case any of
you guys were curious morning hello I'm
still wearing my necklace from last
night but I just recently woke up it is
Monday morning a lot of you guys are
asking when I'm moving it's gonna be in
the middle of July so I don't have very
much time here in my hometown which is
really sad but obviously very exciting
as well and yeah I also got a new phone
case this morning I mean I'm still in
love with the one that I recently got
from wild flower cases but I wanted to
get a mophie charging case for VidCon
because my phone battery dies so fast
just like everyone else's does so I got
the mophie juice pack helium for iphone
5 it's on my phone right now so I can't
even show it to you guys I'm so dumb but
I wanted a white one but they didn't
have it in the helium one and I wanted
the helium version because it's the
lightest one and I think it's the
thinnest one as well but yeah the
closest they had to white with silver so
I just got silver and oh my god i'm so
happy i got it because it's so
convenient and amazing and it charges
while you're charging your phone so when
you stick
thing in the phone and the charger I
mean the case are charging at the same
time definitely recommend i think it was
about like eighty dollars or something
so it's like hella expensive but
obviously it's worth it if you're gonna
end up using it a ton so i'm on my way
to the doctors with my mom look at how
pretty she looks wearing my skirt and my
shirt wish me luck mama all right guys
it is a great day we just got back from
the doctors they also did a little bit
of grocery shopping but i found out that
my ruptured eardrum in my right ear is
finally healed I had no idea when it
heal a few weeks ago I went to the
doctors and she texted my ear and she
was like oh by the way you have a woman
eardrum and it's healed so that is
wonderful do you have anything say by
the delicious
did you just kiss the fruit can just
work out some like that it's sort of
like that much you can share hi dog I
feel like I keep changing shirts in
today's vlog but I am making some dinner
for myself so I'm cooking up some you
can't even see it it was like white some
corn pasta this is what the bag looks
like it's from Trader Joe's and
basically it's just made out of corn
flour and water someone have that with
some sauce and then also i'm making some
homemade sweet potato fries oh yeah look
at these fries I'm sure most of you guys
are gonna find this might be weird but i
really enjoy rapping my sweet potato
fries and lettuce like a little little
taco and then I dip it in ketchup and
it's so good so I just finished filming
my haul video so as you can see I've
still got my lights yeah that's my setup
I've got a mirror a camera my lights all
my clothes and now I am importing the
footage I also look like I'm naked right
now which maybe I am maybe I'm not are
you guys so creepy don't work it hello
everyone so I'm currently having a
gathering in my room whatever you want
to call that I don't really know we've
got VIN over here hey this is Vinny this
is Kyle Kyle you've been in my videos
yeah
Oh sleepies I've been in here this is
why I don't with my friends you
guys asked Adriana's here baby okay okay
Eddie copy oh yeah it's 2 a.m. and these
people will not leave my house it's
trying to have a sleepover and it's not
going to happen and I've been asking
them to leave for the past hour
