oh my god this is like not working okay
good morning everyone it's kind of more
afternoon but today has been a pretty
busy day so far Espen and I have been
taking care of all of the like utility
payments and stuff that we have to take
care of before we actually move in so
that's like gas electricity internet TV
things like that
so we got all that done today which I'm
so happy about because we are
procrastinating for the longest time to
get that done right now I'm in the
target parking lot because I need to buy
a few things I really like my shoes
today I'm gonna try to show them to guys
ah this is like not working okay there
we go I got these at Topshop yesterday
and so I wanted to break them in before
I wear them at VidCon because I don't
know if they're gonna cause blisters yet
so I want to do that now while I have a
chance I will see you guys in a bit
this as seen on tv section always gets
me guys I mean I never really buy this
stuff I always look at it though like
how interesting is some of this birdcage
that attaches to your window so you can
see inside like that's genius
alright guys I'm really getting the
weirdest things right now we're getting
cotton rounds Truvia lemons lemon juice
I've been into lemonade recently I'm
getting these two containers to put my
conditioner and purple hair dye in to
then the conditioner that I'll be using
for that is the suave suave almond and
shea butter conditioner and then I'm
also getting two boxes greetings hello
all I've been doing today is just
starting to pack up some clothes and
clean my room and do boring stuff like
that so I don't really have anything
interesting to vlog today but I figured
I wanted to block myself making my
shampoo conditioner not shampoo I'm
currently like the split position
because my phone is kind of low I got
two bottles want to keep at home
I thought this one was really q4 like
traveling or something so I don't know I
just thought it's cute so I wanted an
excuse to buy it as well
smells like I don't know
all right we're going to make this one
first and I'm going to put the purple in
the middle that's probably more than
this it's pretty dark this is like a
workout I'm back all right I think this
is a good shape because it's a little
bit darker than what I would want my
hair to be but since I'm gonna be using
this in the shower I'm not gonna have it
on my hair for as long as I normally
have it on because when I done here I'm
freaking out of breath okay because when
I dye my hair I leave it in for like an
hour or more so I think this will be
good is this exciting for you guys do
you guys enjoy watching this probably
not this is seven minutes long I'm gonna
end this yeah I apologize for the really
bad quality but I've lost the charger to
my vlogging camera so I need to buy a
new one on Amazon so yeah hopefully I do
that before VidCon so that I have nice
quality vlogs for VidCon then again I
always get lazy with carrying a camera
and I usually end up logging with my
phone cuz it's just so much more
convenient but I mean the quality is
just really bad I'm currently editing
yesterday's vlog and it's like not that
entertaining so I apologize my vlogging
game is just not on point at the moment
I'm currently drinking some lemon water
I swear this has been like my fourth
glass or something of the day it's do
you guys want to see some of my old
facebook profile photos it's finally
good ones feel like I deleted all of my
embarrassing ones which
so upsetting because all these are like
okay so many piece is a little time
peace out see I'm really confused about
this photo because like were we trying
to look sexual by pulling our shirts
over our shoulders or were we trying to
look cooler for shadow - what ended up
happening in the future except instead
of red it turned purple cutie
where did my eyebrows go someone tell me
I'm currently reliving the moment of the
time that my cat was hunting down a bird
in my house and this little rascal is
just sitting here your finger is
covering the camera hello blisters on my
heels what do you do it this is so my
mom and I are about to go for a night
walk because I had a lot of chips and
hummus so I suggested that we should go
and get a little bit of exercise done
and I look so dumb because I'm wearing
long socks because I have blisters on my
heels so it hurts too enormous yay
pitch black outside oh my god
I just kicked the cat I almost stepped
on the cat
Skip's with mother what the hell was
that I'm about to go to bed and I like a
really disgusting
