stop seriously stop
travel so much good morning everyone
I'm a hot mess right now I'm about to
jump on a little conference call from a
little business talk so I'm gonna get
through that and then kind of fix this
up and actually start the blog you know
all these lyrics right now
love you too Anna all right hello
officially starting the vlog it's
actually already 2 p.m. and that's
because I've just been getting a bunch
of stuff done I ended up spending a lot
of time on the phone this morning just
talking about different work stuff I
also stopped by Blair's apartment
because we want to chat about something
and so then yeah we ended up like
watching a few YouTube videos and then I
had to head out yeah she's my neighbor I
don't think I don't you guys have like
definitely asked for because we have
like literally the same layout and I
think we're actually them do dinner
together tonight but we're gonna do that
I like 8:00 p.m. so I got about 6 hours
let's see ok before I have a general
update catch up with you guys because I
literally feel like life has been so
crazy and moving so fast lately I'm kind
of chilling I have a lot of like
organizing and cleaning to do because I
literally started cleaning my place
yesterday for the first time in two
months you guys my apartment was so
disorganized and just like clothes
everywhere this general vicinity I
started working on this last night but I
had like three suitcases so many clothes
these are things that need to go
upstairs
I had dirty laundry just like all up in
right here and I finally finished that I
like went through my bathroom and
started cleaning it out too so anyways
we're doing a lot of cleaning today this
morning I was folding laundry and stuff
so I have to take care of that I have
food
in my teeth that entire time love it I
should like not have a suitcase of
underwear behind me right probably oh my
god you guys I am so so happy to be
vlogging I uploaded my first main
Channel video in like two months
literally it's my vlog from Cambodia I
went with fresh skin care which like if
you guys have been watching me at all
ever then you would know that I am the
biggest fresh fan in the entire world I
literally only use fresh on my face as
far as skin care it was like a few other
products I'll have that link down below
if you guys want to see it it's really
cute let's get into it okay so basically
the last time I've logged was I think it
was when I was on my way to the table
read four verses and I wasn't even
allowed to say what it was basically I
booked this go 90 show and it's being
sponsored by Gatorade which is cool it's
their first ever scripted series and it
is a 30-minute six episode story and so
when that stuff sort of happens it's so
hard to plan for it and create content
and have time to edit honestly the break
felt really nice to kind of feel like
you know I have something to kind of get
excited about and start back up and so
I'm just like so happy to be uploading
again so anyways my books versus and
that's shot for five weeks there was
literally like one day where my
character wasn't shooting and I didn't
have to be on set but I had to go in for
like key art which is like the
promotional photos and so I had a full
day's shoot on that because during the
weekend when everyone else is doing it I
had to find an Albuquerque to start tag
season 3 so while shooting versus I also
started flying over to Albuquerque to
start filming my scenes for tag season 3
and that is still happening so I'm still
pop I think I'm gonna fly out one more
time actually basically when you're on
set they're they're 12-hour days and so
for the most part it was six to six for
us and so you're waking up at 5:00 a.m.
to get to set and you're there until 6
p.m. then by the time I get home at 7:30
and then I have like two hours until I
have to go to bed at 9:30 so that I can
have energy for the next day the day
after I wrapped that is when I flew to
Cambodia so I had a day to pack went to
Cambodia that took up like Sunday to
Friday or something so pretty much a
week the first day I got back from that
I had to go to the wrap party for the
show that we've finished that next
morning I had to fly to
Albuquerque so I also had to pack went
to Albuquerque for like 48 out for like
72 hours 48 hours something like that
for like two nights the day after I came
back there then the revolve wards
started and that was such an honor to be
part of basically revolve hosted their
first ever award show this year and it
was so so cool and huge and so many
people that I look up to were there and
getting nominated I was up for two
nominations you guys follow me on
Instagram and stuff which by the way I
feel like I should plug anyways I am
constantly always posting on my story so
they're kind of like a mini vlog so if
you want to keep up with the craziness
here's like just like what my feed looks
like right now if you want like a little
little flava flav of it but yeah follow
me on instagram that is like the number
one place that I'm always posting on
every single day the revolve words
happened and that was just like a
multiple day thing and it was awesome
and lovely and now that brings us to
here and you guys I am so so excited to
be taking a personal week I have like
some work to do today and like tomorrow
but Wednesday Thursday Friday I have
nothing in my schedule I'm gonna take
that time to like buy other furniture
that I needed to buy like go through my
camera land delete other photos cuz I
like got a new phone so I want to like
organize that like there's just little
things feel like I'm talking your ear
off right now but you know what we're
already in it to win it right last week
I posted about it on my story I didn't
save it but it was just kind of talking
about how like I wanted to bring up the
subject of taking care of yourself and
prioritizing your you time and making
sure that you're not pushing yourself
it's weird because like with this
lifestyle and job that I have things
just always go in waves right things
just tend to like dump on you just all
of a sudden all at once
okay so I've always seen myself as a
very like mentally stable person I've
never thought of myself as like an
anxious person or one that you know gets
super like tensed up and stress or have
any panic attacks or anything like that
I've never like really put myself in
that category which first of all is is
not a healthy thing to do like I
shouldn't just like push out one
category and list myself as something
else whatever because it all kind of
depends on like what's happening in the
moment what
going through so that was kind of my
fault for doing that because since I
always think that way I tend to push a
lot of stuff down and just never really
like let it surface I don't talk about
it with anyone I don't talk about it
with myself I don't treat it nothing as
you guys know I love staying busy and I
love working I start neglecting other
priorities like taking care of myself
and letting myself rest and letting my
brain literally switch off just to like
watch some freaking TV and just like
zone out I've reached this point
probably a few weeks ago where I started
getting so so anxious and stressed about
everything it started turning like
outside of work too like I'd be in the
car if there was like you know like a
car that was going fast like you know
like sometimes little things happen like
on the street literally the smallest
thing would get me to like tense up and
freak out and it just started happening
every single day all day I would like
shrieky when like oh I would hear a loud
noise like I was always on edge and I
was always shaky I just started having
moments where I had this one like
braking point where like literally I
just started like screaming and crying
and shaking and I couldn't breathe and
like I just felt so consumed and not in
control with everything that's happening
I think that's what I realized like oh
my god Claudia like you need to stop
exerting yourself you are exhausted and
that's why I'm just really happy to be
home guys just like sleeping in my own
bed is just a luxury right now so
anyways that's kind of where I'm at
right now it's it's pretty cool though
because it's cool to see how quickly I
bounce back though because yesterday was
like kind of the start of like my
personal week I just like got a bunch of
cleaning organizing done and like even
just going to bed yesterday like felt so
good and I finally like felt like myself
feels good it feels good but I'm still
like definitely keeping it show this
week so that's kind of like a little
update anyways to kind of I guess not
make this all about me and kind of
relate it back to you guys I think if
you kind of experience the same thing
and just know that it is so normal so
many people go through and experience it
to different extents different
conditions different whatever when I
post it on my Instagram story so many of
you guys DM to me and I read all of them
guys seriously seriously and give
yourself time to rest because that is so
much more beneficial
and productive and just continuing to
burn yourself out in order to do your
100% best and actually focus on what
you're doing you have to put time into
taking care of yourself and letting
yourself breathe and calm down
because you have to like regain your
fuel it's like driving a car with no gas
in it it's impossible we are all going
through shit we are all just trying to
figure it out and here's the thing is
like you're never really gonna figure it
out
like it's fine it's so fine not to know
everything wow we're really getting
preachy this always happens I think just
yeah accepting change being enthusiastic
and just actually giving a shit you know
that's really all you can do that's what
that's that's the most you can offer
like how do we transition from that so
here I am I'm just gonna pair my socks
now no God who has time for that if you
like pair your socks like this damn yeah
see ya
all right we out here in Glendale that's
do some IDI you can be maybe across the
field or a little bit of a distance away
they like and shouting out to hey cut it
up yeah guys guys stop seriously stop
that's great girl
listen okay let me help you I
practically do this for a living this is
gonna be so hard you try to match up
with myself there we go there we go
how comfortable are you with side boob
because we can totally but how
comfortable you with side boob because
we can totally put I don't even know
like what I'm trying to say but yeah we
done
we don't guys we don't good and cinnamon
coconut oil yeah yeah we're playing a
giant game of I don't know how to say
that how do you know if there's a will
there's a way
and it would be one second we wouldn't
be downstairs because you can't teleport
and she'd be like my mom had like a
cowbell that she would ring she met Dan
I'm actually trying mochi oh my god
you are such a little charmer sick boy
Ted sick god oh my god wait that is that
color is so good on him I'm just saying
oh he's so down he doesn't know what to
do with himself like he literally he
looks like he shit his pants and just
like doesn't know where to go he know
that he's he's so lost oh my god teddy
is so lost that he used a whole baby
I hope Teddy hasn't moved he no he
literally is frozen like he will not
move tuck your hair in honey bunny there
we go there you go good I've never seen
him so chill oh my god stop would you
like a momager bread those legs spread
them spread those like Oh
Oh No Oh No yeah
we're decided to add a little a little
skit into her vlog a little bit so
you'll have to watch it linked in the
description we should get some candles
and light them do you many candles I'll
miss you
