I don't really know what to do
it's raining outside right now I feel
like it's so cliched I love the rain
sound on your roof but it's really
relaxing I really like it so I hope it
keeps raining later on because it's only
like 11 o'clock right now and obviously
I'm not going to bed at 11:00 Shh who
does that's yeah I decided that I wanted
to start vlogging at 11:00 p.m. on a
Wednesday night don't really know why
but I just uploaded my oh actually do
you know why because I was watching
Lindsey's vlog and I was like reading
the comments and people are saying like
oh I just love how you can sit in front
of a camera and just say whatever you
want blah blah and then I started
thinking and I was like mm I used to
love doing that during vlogmas like I
want to start vlogging again anyways
basically I was stalking Lindsey's
comments and I was like oh my god I'm
gonna be one a flock right now so you
can thank Lindsey for inspiring today's
video but a few hours ago I uploaded my
watch me dye my hair purple video my
brother is like judging me so hard right
now he's just staring at me okay anyways
can you go away if any of you guys do
not know yet I dyed my hair purple it
looks really pink in this light right
now but I will link that video in the
downbar if you guys want to check it out
I just uploaded that video and it's
getting a really great feedback so so
far sorry I can't talk there's really
nothing exciting going off my life oh
actually like a few weeks ago I took a
video of my cat playing with a bird that
was in my house and I was like freaking
out and I've been wanting to upload it
on my youtube channel for the longest
time but I didn't have any other foot
to surround it with so I'm gonna throw
it in today's video because it's a
really funny clip and I had no idea what
I was doing and what I was supposed to
do and just just watch it watch it okay
have fun it's gonna play right now oh my
god okay so oh my god alright Francis
has a bird in her mouth right now you
need to come outside oh my god literally
that bird was just flying around
sprinting out Francis oh my god you
killed the bird I don't know what to do
except record it wait at the bird girl
Francis nope
oh my god okay fly away birdie fly away
I just saved a bird's life oh she's so
pissed the fridge always turns on right
when I'm about to start talking yeah I
just really want to share it with you
guys because I felt that it was very
life-changing and I don't know actually
I just kind of wanted to throw that in
but I am not really doing anything
tonight because like I said it's like 11
o'clock so I just have to do a few
things like clean my room my room is a
very very messy I really want to film a
morning routine video but I have to
clean my room first and that's like
that's gonna be a process I'm probably
gonna go to bed soon but tomorrow I'm
going to be shopping with Pauline out
here on YouTube he won a 97 I personally
have to find some outfits to wear to
VidCon so I really want to stop by like
Topshop and some other stores and see if
I could find anything because VidCon is
literally in a week and I have nothing
to wear I bought a few things from a
sauce and nasty ow
but I'm not sure if I want to wear those
yet so I just want to check out Topshop
real quick as well
so I will be vlogging tomorrow because
I'm actually gonna be doing something so
we're gonna be in the city which is
super awesome and fun and yay I haven't
seen Pauline uh since New York beautycon
yes yes but that is it for this clip
yeah okay bye good morning everyone
I just woke up and I'm about to make
some breakfast I'm making some date milk
so I got a tub of pitted dates here
inside I've got about 18 dates in here I
think cuz they're a little bit smaller
than what I normally buy I've got like
those in here and then I just saw the
rustic with water I'm also gonna add in
some vanilla flavor that's all call free
later on as well as a little bit of ice
and that's pretty much how you make date
milk it's very very easy and it tastes
so good
usually I throw in a little bit of
almond milk but we didn't have any so
I'll just use water but tastes just as
good
hi everyone so it's about eleven o'clock
and I'm heading over to chargers right
now because Polina asked me to bring one
of my green smoothies for her and we
currently have no food in our kitchen
right now so I need to go get some
ingredients but I'm driving right now so
all right so we're gonna do a little
parking lot
grocery first off I got some baby
spinach I also got some black figs I
don't think I've ever tried figs like
this before like I've tried dry figs
they're okay but I really want to try
the actual fruit so that those also got
some fresh pineapple I got some dried
mangos because I'm obsessed with dried
mangos are so good I got some almond
milk lastly I got some frozen mangos
really but I was really excited I went
to two Joe's I got all the stuff really
- I need to make an effort okay
whatever so we are on the train right
now and we're about we're so close
so in Topshop yeah we took a cab here
because Paulina almost tried to make 30
minutes from the train station healthy
and she was like no no no way so one of
the workers here already started a
fitting room for me what do you walked
in and grabbed Stephanie I know
so about an hour later we're finally
done shopping at Topshop I got a lot of
stuff so I'm probably gonna end up
filming a haul but we're really high
right now so we're gonna go to food life
and get something I want to see
something real quick so I'll have my
number down below if you want to recruit
me pretty flower child campaigns perfect
what's up what's up we are at new life
right now
I smell so good
do a dance for me go down yeah the BG
drop
the job tonight because I want to check
my Twitter feed real quick no this is
the right train Express this is which we
worked old so I'm hey guys
so I made at home I ended up getting off
at a station that was like 20 minutes
away from my house so it wasn't too bad
but yeah I'm not really doing anything
exciting for the rest of the night I
probably will be doing a haul with all
of you things that I purchased today
because I really I'm obsessed with
everything that I got so I must show
them to you guys so I hope you guys
enjoy today's vlog and thank you for
watching let me know if you guys want me
to vlog again because it really doesn't
take that much effort to like whip up a
camera and quickly say a few things and
stuff and plus I respond to look back at
so I always regret not doing vlogs
because they're just they're so fun and
they're so easy I will see you guys in a
new vlog soon I will try my best maybe
I'll walk tomorrow who knows maybe we'll
just we'll start vlogging maybe it'll
become a thing who knows
bye
