Meagan's you piano I was going in our
downtown Padilla dad we're getting ready
for dinner
we're like unready curfew but I'm ready
I'm literally wearing pajamas cute
movies good that was really perfect look
I pulled is going to be let's check it
out first first fish cute what do you
guys think so cute wait this is adorable
you're totally instagramming this right
um you guys want your room already did
um but also we I'm just going to update
you guys because I haven't vlogged all
day today but we went to a little
cocktail party obviously we didn't have
any cocktails ourselves but it was just
a nice little get-together with Pandora
and then we also filmed a little video
for a Pandora with them what else do we
do they I can you think yeah like what
do we do we are here too oh yeah we had
the photo shoot with Pandora and then oh
we had Mexican food that was like an
hour to hour
um activity guys you look at what mekin
has done to our room it looks like a
hurricane ceviche
feel that it looks like a hurricane hit
our room our room okay well that was
lame
uh so apparently the
like 9:00 p.m. we got there at around
9:15 so now we're going to walk around
and see what other places are open right
now to get some more food for starving
good morning everyone today is they just
there's people in front of us they just
turn around like what do they do
wouldn't want to use oh yeah
so what days into Friday Friday so
today's Friday and we are going to be in
Mexico I know I didn't figure we just
got off the ship but technically we're
still on the dock but um Aloha
we've got a nice little Pandora ad yeah
it's going to be really exciting right
now we're heading to a pandora event
it's like a store event so we're going
to be looking at different jewelry and
stuff I'm wearing some right now that
matches my outfit very cute after
looking for the shuttle for ball we're
going to 40 minutes right right yeah I
just oh no oh my video it's all good um
friendly on it and we're over time so
you're looking at the jewelry and stuff
we have any mattress yet so we're going
to go film real quick and then go have
some
Meghan Meghan
begone on a scale from one to ten how
hungry are you so very hungry for very
hungry
on a scale from one to ten oh I wasn't
over you're right I'm gonna give you a
ten holy bejesus it is getting hot
but we just finished filming our outfits
as well as a few photos with Meghan's
camera and now we're gonna go eat
finally mary did you sew something just
amazing happen you guys know how Meghan
lost your phone in Haiti every single
day leading up to today I've been tying
her to check the front desk in case
someone found it and she was like no
Claudia someone's ever didn't find it so
we're going to an ATM right now and I
was like come on Maggie let's just check
just in case every single day something
is telling me she were gonna find it
some of our back and look who has her
phone back
oh yes I have it's so happy cry hello
so we are at a comedy show right now and
we're sitting front row yeah we so
they're probably going to make fun of us
or pick on us or something I don't know
how to expectance I've never been to a
Broadway show because I've never laughs
so I'm happy bunny
so I'm really excited and we're getting
dinner and things are great my eyebrows
is blue you are peeled but do you have
that if mom's going to now and Emma and
the DIA dad is watching to admit is that
she's alright we're gonna go watch Rises
so funny definitely see why I was so fun
they were both really funny to guys
we're off on stage we got um okay we got
picked on and I definitely see why you
have to be 18 to watch it will be a lot
of ball jokes very raunchy but now we
are going to the buffet to eat dinner
and I'm stoked we are now as you go say
and we got our dinner
YUM
how's your suit Megan it's like you know
so she's never what kind of soup is it
took a lamb why is it spicy no like
smoky like different spices on spicy
claw no he knows talk to you in a bit
please we're about to watch the show or
allowed to film it's not easy to know
what it's about shall hold there
smoother so there's an intuitive
ladies and gentlemen this is barely
legal from the white handle my name is
Lawrence and I will be your host
accompanied by my assistant Elizabeth
hello can Japan hey guys so it is
morning and it is Saturday and it is
also our last full day here which is
really sad but we're starting our day
off with some breakfast so I got some
oatmeal some turkey bacon veggies and
fruit what do you have the Dean and
yum-yum Sweeny now and we got lots of
fountains of
whoo my hair is a little crazy hey hey
so we just finished filming all of our
outfits that we had to film today and
I'm getting some copy right now because
I'm so tired but yeah we filmed in a
bunch of different locations and this is
my last outfit which I'm wearing for
this day and hi-hi so fun fact for you
guys not sure if any of you know this
but one of my favorite dessert flavors
is key lime pie right next to red velvet
and they sell key lime pie cupcakes here
so I'm gonna try it on camera oh yeah
dawn dawn
you're gonna puppy no I know
good okay laughs I doesn't taste like it
yeah that's good
so of course we're at the buffet getting
our last dinner mm-hmm and here's our
view so breathe the right I know I know
I always talking with accent sorry guys
it just happens I'm gonna go eat now
okay guys I think I'm trying a muscle
for the first time we're not quite sure
but I think this is what this is so I'm
looking I'm really scared
okay ready I don't want to do this
mm-hmm
okay the texture was a little creepy but
it's good
I approve so we are at the last pandora
party and everything's coming to an end
very nice not all fans for okay Oh
what's up hey what time is it it's 952
how well it feels like you both time I
don't know timing okay
well it feels like it's 1:00 a.m. but we
are about to walk around the cruise with
our GoPros are you ready all ready I'm
ready
dude dude this could be a cute
background yeah y'all hi
we're gonna go now so sup guys yeah I
think I'm gonna get some pizza because
well 24-hour free pizza so I mean do I
need to explain myself we're all packed
up just which it does not look like
we're all packed up it's still
exceptions yes I swear to God we're
packed up okay but we're leaving
tomorrow at around 7 a.m. I think my
flights at 2:30 so I definitely regret
leaving my phone in our room ahahaha
story time with Claudia and Megan first
I'll tell them what happened
ok so first off um yeah okay so today's
the night before we have to leave so we
have to leave our luggage in the hallway
so that they can put on the shuttle so
yeah whatever whatever yeah yeah um so
we as I was putting my luggage out in
the hallway I close the door I got I got
a brain black I should put mine out
there too and just let the door shut
behind both of us I figured this girl
would hold the door no
forgot um so we locked we locked
ourselves out without our phones without
anything no shoes no shirt no bras
nothing
we had pants um thankfully but yes we
locked ourselves out we had to go get a
key from the front desk and of course I
stopped by for free pizzas on some tea
duh duh and when we sat down for tea a
few boys came up to us and they're like
my boys Annie we were your great voice
as in young 15 14 16 tops these two guys
were like are you Megan and Claudia and
and we started laughing my god obviously
like someone told you like you don't
watch our videos and then they just
started they just started coming by
shouting I'm a man read read holler at
your girl reading we definitely bonded
with readers rom victim Georgia Georgia
you're the 50 questions tag and a
hundred questions I read was like the
three hundred thousand five pretty
Willie oh gosh and I yeah
asking us our favorite color list he's
like so what do you like to do like what
do you hear things what you do oh my god
the coutry inspiration the booze your
favorite stop on this trip I was like no
those are literally the questions so
funny
um so I'm really upset that Jan had my
camera because I would have logged with
all of them they literally like at one
point it was like 30 like teens I take
it right they're all like they're all a
young teens who are dressed like to
impress yeah they're on the be really
cute club what happens on cruise ships
no sorries on cruise ships they're like
making out with each other yeah they're
all in like cute little outfits here
Claudia and I are like we're like oh and
little by little boys youtuber isn't
like of all people right here we did
that looks greatest yeah it was really
funny though so Reed was really
disappointed that we didn't have our
cameras with us through phones that
we've been noticing I'd pay us in his
sea path it means nothing he's like okay
they were like not too lazy man we're
back in the room though three minutes
left so and it's very late we would most
def make a Simplot seriously 8:00 p.m.
we would beat Yahoo be in deep sleep
right now yeah that is it for today's
vlog
see you guys tomorrow like your venture
I know I just know we just
I mean Megan woke up hmm yeah you would
not worry man my girl something like
that I woke up maybe 2 minutes ago for
eating breakfast now because we're so
worried hey guys I'm literally getting
worse and worse looking one minute but
we're sitting in this dining hall area
waiting for our luggage number to be
called because they take them off the
ship in a specific order to keep things
organized so I've been drawing on my cup
comment below which one was drawn with
my right hand and which one was drawn
with my left Megan got it right because
she is such a good friend and she knows
me so I know you're through so we
basically just been waiting yours okay
I'm checking a few guys later
