can we just see how unfair this is I'm
the Windows CE and I'm extra leg room
you have leg room and I don't what a
great way to start our Florida trip
hi guys so first off you may notice that
my voice sounds very manly I lost my
voice but is actually day 2 of playlist
live and I'm starting off my blog today
because yesterday we such an artsy blog
shot so our baggage got lost it's been a
connecting play and all this stuff and
we had like a rehearsal for a mass scale
fashion show that we are doing today and
yes there's nothing really to blog
though just rip it to you but we just
got finished getting ready but who Boise
is so bad or like we still have like a
few hours I think
do you guys don't be my blog
this is like super zoom then I put mine
in it the way but I should say hang over
on your phone let me just like we're
logging inside a log
thumbs up this video if you're watching
both of these videos at the same time
yeah thumbs up and what we are a maybe
fitting room before the next about
Fashion Show and I ran my outfit I can't
talk and
we just finished with the face you know
you rake away nice okay so you could buy
to the fitting room the show is really
fun and now we are very hungry so we are
going to lunch just a dinosaur you know
yeah
so us three just had some lunch and now
we are heading to
I'm here and what they means before
we've met I've met some of my best
friends over YouTube just really awesome
and just being able to travel and being
able to communicate and make videos with
people who I have respected for so long
hi guys I'm so I'm currently with
someone that you've never met before
she's never been in any of my videos
ever we just met
I don't know if I like her yet she's
weird she's kind of weird she smells
gross like she smells like so well
anyway yeah she does it all for the
promo we're going to a Shaytards panel
because we love obsessed you're tiny
okay so we just did her out of no it's
just walking out by it does not really
as
we are going to dinner right now we
change and we're going to dinner with
team both
good morning and welcome to playlist day
three but technically this is my second
vlog and it's Sunday morning my voice
has still not come back it's only gotten
worse I'm here with the lovely Megan
knows that we are getting ready for our
panel make sense like that in fact
Friday we're really tired because we got
like no sleep I said something in there
like I died took us up you're vlogging
this and I hate you I don't expose how
obsessed I am with that it was the best
hey come on the panel waiting for
everyone else to come yeah when you're
at like we use like oh like okay I'm
done
Claudia bye look who's coming to our
panel
good morning look how cute she looks
very excited to ask me questions and
find out everything about my personal
life
we've got Lauren going down the
inflatable toys her awesomeness
yeah there's no way I'm living in sweida
skirt who's going who's going oh my god
wait it's actually still fun good at
least slide down it's so fun so we're
currently in the green room you just had
some lunch / Park a giant cookie at a
giant cookie us one and a half of them
and the sandwich we just had five
so we are about to go into the okichi
I'm so excited to meet them than ever
okay we're walking breath LBG I'm so
excited excited hey I got to slap just
in the face like ten times
this video
so we've already met
okay when your mom in Texas so two sides
to every story I have 19 minutes left of
Internet and by internet I mean I ten
minute I what are you gonna do over set
go on tumblr of course are you recording
I'm thinking Rosie's soft grunge kale
can I repeat how many times my total I
of it who has be on say y'all by fast
forward a few hours we are back in the
hotel room and we went to what what
Network honestly the parties visit play
its respecting those are random people I
never I don't know you flew and sir oh
that's really wait wait it's you flew in
sir let's go over here is leaving in two
hours I am too so we've been packing and
believe Jesus room we loosely okay I've
been trying hold on and then let me show
you guys my any progress it might seem
like a lot of stuff is not in my bag but
as you can see as you can see it's
fairly organized I'm just you know kind
of seeing or what I need to place where
we are just cleaning up and stuff and
getting ready for tomorrow because we
both leave tomorrow but my flight is
actually at six o'clock so I want yeah
so I actually have lots of time to sleep
in and stuff while this girl over here
leaves to our hey but I get to LA at 12
yeah there we go ahead of a game right
true true right yeah I'm gonna be
landing in like 8 p.m. in my place at
your place meeting your parents out
it's time time he can sound thank you
Claudia's pad the guy she's got a lot I
believe mister you got my place like I
like security I already called the
kettle kennel like my dog and like my
boyfriend's letting me cook salmon for
dinner like Claudia's leads are really
granted I do live a load it is not even
your life is more glamorous than mine
I'm like I literally am dreading going
home because I know for a fact it did
not take out my garbage so we are super
tired so we're gonna finish up all stuff
that we do and hopefully take a quick
nap I hope you guys enjoyed the vlogs
that I made for you guys in New York in
Florida and that's it I
