I know so it is March 16th and it's
about 8 o'clock and I'm going to New
York yeah I'm flying over to New York
City to do a few projects hopefully I'll
be able to vlog on set and stuff I don't
know if I'm allowed to sing it we'll
figure that out but yeah I'm going to
New York and then on Thursday I fly over
to play this live so it's going to be a
very crazy and exciting week but
obviously I'm bringing you guys with me
so right now I'm about to head to the
airport so I've got my outfit on and
I've got my luggage
we're gonna leave in about thirty
minutes but I just want to film the
intro from my room so I just found it in
New York and I made a new friend out my
flight this is one of my viewers so we
were talking for his life next words so
we're waiting for baggage really no have
you met oh my gosh yeah
so we're waiting for our baggage
so I just got to the hotel and this is
actually the same exact hotel that I
stayed at while I was here for Fashion
Week
so that's kind of cool because I really
like this hotel it's called the Hudson
hotel rooms are really nice and the
whole building is really nice so I
literally just walked in my stuff right
here and I wanted to do a quick little
hotel room tour I have two beds because
Aspen is coming in a few days and we're
going to be sharing a room so that's why
there were this little bigger than last
time I don't even know if it's a good
tour last time but anyways
imma stop talking and let's check out
the room so here's the awesome lime
green door then we've got this little
cubby system going on oh my gosh this is
so nice and spacious compared to with
the last time I was here it was what
it'll be like I had a foot in between
the wall in the bed all the way around
but here we've got a lot of room we've
got a desk and I'm guessing the bathroom
update I am back in the hotel room now
because today was a free day for me so I
didn't have to do anything therefore I
decided that I wanted to shopping in
Soho so I just took an uber down there
and I only got one thing I don't know I
was kind of disappointed I didn't find
like anything that I liked but I did get
one skirt from Topshop because I thought
it was really cool and let me flip the
camera it's a little dark in here but
it's one of those scored skirts so it's
shorts in the back but it's not exactly
like those envelope skirts that are
super in right now or whatever this one
just has a plain and simple flap that
goes over so as you can see it's like
the shorts and then it just has that
extra flap so I thought this is a really
cute skort looking thing
it was really cold outside as well so I
only stopped by like foreshores and then
I came back to the hotel to get some
dinner because they have a really good
restaurant down here
and I ordered a kale Caesar salad with
chicken on it and it's so freakin good
so I just came back to the room and I
change into pajamas and now I'm going to
work on school and hey guys so it is the
next day and it's still kind of morning
time there's a Whole Foods close by so I
got some oatmeal for breakfast and I
also walk to Victoria Secret because I
need to get a sticky bra but I want to
show you guys what your penis looks like
because they have a roof top that you
can't go to oh never mind then
guess I can't go up there so I'm about
to head to my fitting for Macy's today
and you guys will see me in this jacket
a lot in these vlogs but that's because
I also had to pack for playlist live so
I didn't want to pack too much for New
York but I'll show you guys my outfit
des des I've got some tall black boots
with jeans that have leather on the
sides then I'm just wearing a plain
white v-neck and oatmeal scarf from
brandy melville and then my anthropology
green jacket and my hair is just in a
little ponytail so I'm about to head out
right now it is 7 o'clock in the morning
and we're about to leave for our Sally
Hansen shoot
so what'd you guys think about the first
shot very fun yes
Evelina and I tripped a few times it's
all good though we're getting ready for
the next scene
so it's very fun and look at this room
guys so pretty we're renting this really
pretty loft in New York it's really
so they just finished we have to go
outside in the cold
I'm hearing shortly so and that is a
wrap we just finished our filming our
scene outside and I'm kind of used to it
because I live in Chicago but it's so
what we just came back to the hotel to
set our luggage down and just freshen up
a little bit and now we are all meeting
up again to go out to dinner so we're
all meeting up in the lobby I just
shocked myself
that kind of hurt but I also change into
at this Topshop shirt for the leather
jacket and boots and jeans and hey it is
about nine o'clock as you can see my
makeup is a little smudged around and
stuff but I just got back from dinner so
I'm about to hop it into the shower and
get all this off and I also have to
clean the room a little bit because
Aspen is actually coming tomorrow
morning at like 5:30 6:00 a.m. ish so
she's actually arriving about two hours
before our shoots so yeah I don't think
I mentioned this but SF and I are
actually doing a video shoot for Macy's
and yeah so she's literally arriving
like two hours before we have to leave
for the shoot so hopefully she gets a
bunch of sleep on the plane
but I just got to clean this all up take
a shower put some self-tanner on do the
usual routine that girls do before video
shoots so casual but yeah today was a
super fun day and it was really great to
getting to really know all the girls
that I was once at with and it was
really fun I feel like it's really
echoing in there yeah filming on set for
11 hours was a little exhausting but it
fly by cuz when you're having fun time
flies by so it was an incredible day
and I'm just very thankful for you know
being able to do these kinds of things
and obviously it's because of you guys
so I want to give you guys a thank you
because the things I get to do or just
oh they're crazy and I just never ever
thought that I would ever reach this
point like this is the kind of stuff
that I would dream about doing you know
and okay I'm like I'm getting real deep
here uh I just want to thank you guys it
was really fun and I'm really excited
for tomorrow it's gonna be me and one of
my best friends dancing around her prom
dresses what else could a girl ask for
right so I will see you guys tomorrow
hey good morning yes I'm wearing the
same shirt as it did last night because
like I said I brought like two outfits
to New York so we are having a prom
shoot for Macy's so right now we're in
the fitting room for the makeup and hair
but I want to show you guys what it
looks like it's so very spacious there
is really nice we're in Brooklyn and I'm
about to get my hair and makeup done
we are eating lunch
and that is a wrap on our Macy's prom
shoot so there's the background again
but we just took a few photos for a
little special something on Instagram
but Aspen what do you think of the shoot
is so much fun I had fun too it was
actually kind of a workout
dancing did the Macarena stuff like that
yeah never really worked out months so
you know it's nice we're gonna go to
really delicious mac and cheese place
I'm so excited
Bonnie told me about it earlier it's not
a mac and cheese place but what has been
cheese and I've been thinking about it
all day long so it's called the
cafeteria and it's in Chelsea no waiting
for a car service and taken quite a
while
so we have on no makeup clearly but
she's my pleasure if I we're about to
leave New York and this trick was really
fun so thank you everyone for watching
