good morning guys if I look dead it's
because I feel that it is currently 5:30
a.m. and I had about 40 minutes to sleep
I am all packed up and ready to go so I
got this nice ball 60 luggage and my
jacket and my purse and my yoga bag
which is so heavy right now
oh swear to god it's like 30 pounds
we need an account is that great Lama
rest but that didn't work out let's go
thank you
so we just landed and it is so the
weapon is perfect
outside right now we're waiting
get our rental car and we will be on our
way because she lives in four fires
right
so we've got a rent-a-car
those luminaries Bronner mates yeah
we're on our way to Marco Island I'm 18
years old and my mom isn't so that's why
I'm singing the front because I'm an
adult
I present to you guys my first meal of
Marco Island I got a Caesar salad with
grilled chicken I know so original and
not cost me happy hours
right now we are on the way to the
airport and it's about 11:30 at night
the weather is really bad and it's
storming so we are driving over to a
bowl we're going to Naples order right
now to go
go down and grab the wall oh no - no
turn left
getting strawberries got a nice little
radio as well hi guys so I want to do a
quick tour of the apartment and my desk
coworker actually rented this apartment
so we're able to stay here we were able
to stay here for seven days for free so
I'm gonna give you guys a little nice
little tour of the place so starting off
if you come into this room which is like
the outside room and you go in here
there's three bedrooms and three
bathrooms so this is my room I had a
nice little closer nice little bathroom
and then there's the Wild's viata
there's the bathroom over here this is
my brother's room he gets the nice
little kitty room here's a door that's
locked we're idiots in there and here is
the main room of the apartment we've got
a mirror another mirror thing couches
kitchen dining table laundry like this
is like a full-on apartment and here is
the balcony the view is so pretty we got
a view of the beach
yeah and it's really nice because right
in this area right in front of us the
beach is normally pretty empty because
the hotels are more like that way my
brother has been playing Pokemon oh yeah
there's one more room I forgot bathroom
closet Tata would you guys like to see
the view we've got an elevator
how are you sad we were gonna go
parasailing but it's too windy outside
so it got cancelled and my mom I invite
you inve she made a nice little
waterproof safe child's proof phone
contraption I'm kidding all proof there
you go yeah oh my god you guys want to
see something on the first day I burnt
my knee as you can see it oh man it was
so much worse before but um I burnt my
knee and it was really red so I did not
get that tan because it hurt really bad
to sit in the Sun so I pretty much sat
in the shade and read every single day
oh by the way I finished divergent and
they was like the greatest book ever I'm
completely obsessed with the characters
and everything about it I already bought
the second book on my iPad which I don't
normally like reading off my iPad but
this book wasn't exception I found this
random spongebob ball it reminded me of
Aspen
good
when she scratched
hello guys today we are going a
mini-mall thing for colored images but
my green yo-yo oh my god good like that
yeah on golfing 101 no whoa whoa right
now you wouldn't go like this okay yes
there you go
the Otters going in for the winning shot
ooh and she misses
this one's purple my favorite color
going into the camp about moocs nah
let's see if anyone got hole-in-one
where's my ball Oh home and one baby
that is going into the goal oh it's
really hot outside claps for Tata my dad
got a hole-in-one so we have counted up
the results and my dad got in first
place
49 my brother guns second my dad's on
the phone that's not talking quiet my
brother got second with 61 I got third
with 67 and my mom got last was only one
point behind me
no wait
no way booze
macaroni grill yes and for Myers
go to Macaroni girl I'm so excited
the scamp is looking like smiling right
Johnson would chop okay oh my god all
right that I believe a bruise job hey
guys the best thing about macaroni and
Grill is the garlic bread and the cramp
because they let you draw on the tables
