are you want a health kick I'm on the
house hi guys so first off I was such an
awful vlogger at IMATS I only vlog to
the first two days but I don't know what
it is when I go on like YouTube trips I
like that's like the best time to vlog
because you guys get to see other
youtubers but then it just doesn't
happen and then I'm stuck with like no
footage I apologize but today I am
having a sleepover with one of my best
friends Claudia I don't know if any of
you guys remember her but you used to be
in like so many my little videos we used
to go to our lake house and I would walk
there thumbs up if you guys remember
that your black hair oh my god my Jackie
stage had black hair Claudia is sleeping
over no me Claudia is sleeping over
today and we haven't seen each other
since Halloween so we're like oh and
we're going to target right now are
getting unhealthy food because we're
teens and that's what she thought I
wanted help no I was like when we were
texting like brought it up I was like I
mean maybe like if you want to like go
to Tori and get something and she's like
yeah and then we just should bring it up
so I thought maybe this girl's like how
the health cake or like maybe she's just
like not eating unhealthy and then I was
like wait hold on this is Claudia I'm
thinking about
no no um so we'll see you guys on target
we're in target right now and we're
picking up some whipped peanut butter I
saw Lauren eating these with Oreos that
sounds amazing so we're doing that I
think it's exclamation mark right
exclamation point exclamation mark I
don't know it's point it's point
exclamation point what do you think it
is exclamation point they both sound
right Colonia yeah how are ya good hey
I'm gonna die or you want to count the
kick I'm running health care and health
yeah mom let me FaceTime you okay all
right we're sitting in Claudia's bedroom
making videos on her computer 706 and we
are currently watching Step Brothers
I've never seen it before it it's so
funny oh my gosh the sleepwalking I I
went a little psycho at Target I got the
Trident candy cane gum I got the stride
mmm golden fruit gum um sour patch gum
and Oreos but weird he ate them all
that's so sad we started watching some
of my old videos for my second channel
and these go all the way back to 2010
this was five years ago
four years ago oh my god oh my god Wow
the cameras a little rolling let's see
if there are any other gems on this
thing guys wait this is privative this
is why they don't know who you are
July 2000 times I put down this video
because I hated how I looked in that
this was prime Jacqui time if you guys
don't know who Jackie was it was me as
black hair I when I dyed my hair black
everyone just kind of decided that I no
longer look like a Claudia I look like a
Jackie so that was my name and only my
name for like six months
anyways so Claudia and I are watching
this video and it literally makes it
look like I have a crush on my brother
like it actually does okay wait just
wait
that's all okay keep in mind like this
is a love song isn't it like this is a
Justin Bieber why do I have a slide show
of my brother with Justin Bieber in the
background I put in the I put in the
effort to put in a video of him like
where did I get this video from
oh my god into my video why he was such
a jerk
might as well embarrass myself even more
so we're looking at my private advise
for my main channel and I did a what's
in my purse back in 2011 literally look
like a tomato in this video and the top
comment of this video you know it's
curious why is there talking tomato from
0 to 1620 and then I responded back with
hahaha good one I like you
here's a lovely little haul of exactly
shorts shirts and bathing suits with
look at you going yeah so I just told
Claudia how I'm completely obsessed with
Aspen and Parker's relationship so she
is about to watch the boyfriend tag it's
like 2:00 in the morning and we are like
such limos and what is this are you
doing yeah we are so tired we want to go
to sleep
so I wanted to turn this on and say
goodnight know is your time to shine
say hello hallelujah if you're referring
to beyond the beauty star TV yeah
Endora no okay no okay well if you know
what I'm talking about
it does not say okay okay literally does
anyone know what she something I guess I
don't what's that one song they did in
the stepbrothers
wait the Italians know the one they sing
in the car
boom no she's got a smile that it seems
to me reminds me of childhood
I can't see nineteen but everything was
as fresh as the bright blue sky I love
where peace love and happiness
