hello everyone so we're kind of rushing
right now because my flight leaves at
8:35 and it's almost 7 o'clock so yeah
woke up at 6:30 I don't know why my
alarm clock didn't go off but I like
suddenly woke up and yeah so I didn't
really get to get ready or anything and
I feel like I'm forgetting everything I
mean it it wasn't that way but I just
know myself is anything wrong
so we're flying Virgin America
hi guys so I landed in LA and our flight
actually landed 45 minutes earlier than
it was supposed to
so basically Virgin America is like the
best Airlines ever but I'm embarrassed
to claim right now I'm getting my
suitcase and she's like oh yeah I don't
know where I am
everything is all Chinese nor in the
International she tells me she doesn't
turbocharger but as tonight are starving
because we basically did not eat
anything to it and I think I think it's
one o'clock my time at home or two
o'clock Tim that you're two hours yeah
two o'clock so we're about to go get
some lunch we are at Stephanie's getting
food finally
we're waiting for right now did you guys
miss Aspen it's really hot out it is so
we oh by the way we totally we were a
plan a plan that okay all we love a
pocket - oh my god clearly Megan tickets
a memo of white shirt black leggings my
mail came
I got a salad with shrimp I felt it was
very and necessary and important to hear
this again because it's beautiful and
let's repeat that okay it has spent 20
minutes
I'll get wrapping that package and they
still don't know what it is and see what
happens
I thought it was yeah we owe you push
down no I mean whoever sent this to you
clearly did not want it to get damaged
no
oh yeah it is crisp not even unwrapped
oh it's probably closed maybe there's
drugs in between those clothes are you a
druggie oh my god I think I just found
my blog title meghanrosette novels drugs
drug dealer
look at that friendship right there look
at that okay end a blog no guys all suck
I know you do this is happening right
now guys behind the scenes of an
Instagram it's not taking your
concentration is art and say hello to my
blog
Oh surprise it's me I know right I hear
you girl
so we are currently choosing some false
eyelashes for Megan
I don't know why Megan tarantula why
doesn't she want these we ate dinner it
was fabulous I weren't CBS right now and
I need to get gum and I think we're
gonna go see a movie and a movie go
watch a movie oh my god I need to get
this ready cabo gear that is my favorite
clothing brand ever please anyone tweet
Cabo Cabo gear it's my favorite it's
better I'm gonna get from the air huge
you need to know you need to marry the
person who made this brand I do I do
Aspen put the chocolate door if she buys
chocolate I'm gonna end up eating half
of it I already know how this works I
happened when I visited her
