what's up guys welcome back started my
day off with a little workouts film my
breakfast because so many of you guys
have been asking about my green waffles
that I one time Instagram story it's
about 1 p.m. I've been sitting here for
a while basically I'm just in this like
common room that's in my building I just
made myself a cup of coffee came here
it's kind of like coming to a coffee
shop but you're the only person here you
don't have to get into your car you
don't actually have to go outside this
is my first time doing this and I'm
definitely gonna work here more often it
kind of helps me to stay focused
just now I spent a lot of time on this
whole app idea I'm so glad that I
brought this up in my last vlog and just
very plainly asked you guys without
saying anything if I were to create an
app that wasn't about myself what would
it be about and so many of you guys are
so on spot with my ideas my only worry
is that what I'm asking for might not be
able to be created because it is kind of
like one of the features is kind of very
specific and I don't know if like we're
gonna be able to create it but I've
literally been sitting here like writing
up a PDF like slideshow I created like a
visual of what the app would look like
and like the purpose for each tool and
like what it is and why it's like good
for you and if it looks anything like I
just created right now it is literally
going to be the cutest thing to wake up
and just open and go through this is
getting me so excited like I want this
app for myself literally pulling your
comments as data for like things that
I'm working on so thank you guys so much
also you guys may notice that my hair
looks a little darker I'd say like two
days ago I just picked a very cool tone
it was a level 3 hair dye and I believe
it was from like L'Oreal or something
but yeah it was level 3 which is like
darkest brown that is when my hair is
darker that is why I look like a pale
little ghost right now because I haven't
worried about self-tanning either
just finished filming what I needed to
film oh I didn't show you guys check it
check it check it with two prints that I
purchased from urban just got here this
one will probably go in my upstairs
bathroom above my toilet and then this
big one is going to be right there I
think for the rest of my prints
I want to paint a few things and I'm
probably gonna purchase the rest on
society6 comm I was looking at the site
last night and I was a little
overwhelmed they have a lot so not gonna
rush it oh and then also my big dresser
thing is finally in here doesn't it
actually look like an office now how
great is that so yeah now behind my desk
we've got this thing all I need now is
just a little mirror but now I just have
like my printer and my microphone and
camera equipments before it was
literally all just like lying on the
ground this just makes it feel so much
more organized and filled up and yeah
I'm super super happy with it it's about
two days later right now I'm heading to
something really exciting I don't know
what I can can't say so I'll just kind
of vaguely say it your girl booked a new
project I am so excited to go back on
set you guys have no idea it's funny
because I literally just fought you guys
saying like I feel like I'm waiting for
something or like something then I don't
know I always get in these bunks where
like I'll have super open like a week or
two or something and then I start
questioning everything and then like
I'll book something and now I'm like
busy for the next month yeah this
actually starts shooting next week I
guess we'll see how that all works out
with uploading and logging stuff I'm
obviously gonna like vlog on set but
make that
now that I have this dresser thing I can
put you guys on here got back from lunch
with the Killeen fam and now I actually
have some guests over let me show you oh
hey guys just popping in to say hello
my parents are here for a day they're
watching a movie so I'm gonna let them
be well I edit this video but yeah
they're just staying here for a night
because they're actually spending the
weekend up in San Francisco but they
decided to land in LA first to visit me
for a night which I of course was down
for so they're just staying with me
tonight finish my video making a little
thumbnail my dad and I have been cooking
up preparing the dinner and this is what
my mom has been doing I shit you not oh
yeah
just do it go with the flow just like
over there that's gonna be it for
today's vlog you guys enjoyed it the
main channel video that I was working on
in this video is already up so I'll have
it linked down below it's a what I eat
in the day having my parents over for a
night was such a great little surprise
and yeah I was happy to buy it for you
guys hopefully I'll see you guys very
soon I'm not sure how blogging is gonna
tie in with now filming didn't really
plan any of that I'll figure it out wait
see ya
