hey hi hey hi
hi guys I feel like I haven't vlogged in
so long but today I'm a chick little
quick
today is January 16th and I am leaving
to go to California tomorrow morning at
8:30 a.m. for LA I met so I decided that
I want to vote today because I have to
do a lot of things today might as well
add more to my to-do list but I've got a
bunch of things to update you guys on so
first off let's just get this one out of
the air yes my shirt says cocaine on it
it's just a parody shirt off of
coca-cola so don't think too much about
it I don't do cocaine I just thought it
was a funny shirt and it was on sale and
I was like hey PJ shirt also my face
looks very orange right now because I
just applied on some self-tanner and it
like enhances all of the acne on your
face it just makes it look darker but
I'm gonna take a shower in a few hours
and it's gonna like wash off and blend
out and stuff so it's not gonna look
this crazy and orange my hair is also
not looking so fine and dandy right now
but I just I don't even care anywhere so
my room is kind of a mess right now
because I have to get a lot of things
done I just finished editing at my
newest video which is a travel related
video it's like tips and tricks on like
packing and I don't know why but I'm
just really obsessed with the way that
it turned out I think the editing is
just so cute and fun on it so I will
link that down below if you guys want to
check it out cuz already up by now but
you guys know that I love using like
sound effects stuff and like literally
at one point like a fake airplane fly I
just you have to go see it it's adorable
uh-huh but that is X peering out and I'm
going to upload that I also got these
lights I talked about in that video but
I finally got softbox lights because I
had like two umbrella lights and I hated
them so much so I got like three of them
and these babies are so bright okay
have so much energy right now because I
haven't updated you guys in such a long
time yeah I'm using that box is that why
am i okay anyways sorry I'm using that
as a garbage so there you go
but it has five lightbulbs in it and you
can turn them all on individually and
this thing is like as bright as the Sun
as you can see and I have three of them
so that's just wonderful and great what
else I am waiting for my mom to come
home from the grocery store because I
want to go to Whole Foods and get like a
quick lunch for myself because it's
actually almost three o'clock and I
already like made myself a spinach and
egg white omelet for breakfast and then
I just smooth E and I'm starving right
now but I've just been editing and like
filming for this video but I really want
to get like just a quick lunch from
Whole Foods maybe likes some vegetables
or something like that but what else
feel like I had more to say I already
had blah oh I also have to film a
tutorial today which is just gonna be
great because my face is so flawless
today but since I'm leaving tomorrow I
have to film the tutorial today because
I can't film it when I'm out in LA I
have to pack I did not start packing yet
of course I leave it to the last minute
I kind of started that last night but
not really
and let's see I made a list for myself I
also took an English exam this morning
so I got that out of the way I really
have to pee right now and I need to go
make a thumbnail so that's what gonna do
right now Wow I've been told for five
minutes okay right so my mom finally
came home and I'm headed out to go to
Whole Foods it's freaking snowing again
guys for the past few days it's been
really nice out and all the snow melted
but now it's snowing again hey
hi hey hi hey hi hey hi so I'm in Whole
Foods right now and I wanted to show you
guys what I'm getting so first off I
found this Asian at a mom a salad which
has like mangoes in it and it looks
really good so I'm getting that I'm also
getting the go raw chocolates because
I'm obsessed with these and I haven't
had chocolate over a long time I love
chocolate so I'm getting it but I'm
getting these for a while and I'm like
obsessed with them and then also my mom
asked me to get her cupcake as she was
in the cupcake mood and this is the red
velvet one and then lastly I'm getting
this fresh strawberries and apple juice
it's really sweet but it's really good
and I don't really like juicing
strawberries I don't know why whenever I
buy them I always end up eating them so
that's why I'm getting this juice cuz I
really like it Hillary kagome of them so
my mom just came in with some clean
laundry and I don't know why she didn't
decide to put these in the dryer I think
it's because they're more delicate so
they're better if they're dried tight
this is what we do so if you guys ever
see hangers on my chandelier that is why
for my tutorial today I'm going to be
using a white background because I
really feel like using my blue wall so I
got this thing and it's a white
background okay okay
that is very large I'm about to film my
tutorial so here's a little behind the
scenes I've got two lights lighting up
my background and then I have one main
one for my face I just finished filming
my tutorial and it is 8 p.m. so I just
don't have to park here I'll show you
guys what I have so far this is pretty
much what I have packed so far so I've
only been gathering like the clothes so
far oh I didn't show you guys I got new
pillows from Target
alright I'm gonna flip this camera over
cuz this is not working so all these are
from targets the first small one in the
front is pretty old you guys have seen
it before but these two are my new ones
and I really like this one because it's
super shiny and it has like hints of
gold in it but it's mostly silver and
when I move out in the future I want my
bedroom theme to be all whites and then
accents of gold and silver so I think
this pillow is just gonna look so pretty
with that and then also I have this
white pillow which has like silver
diamonds on it and each diamond has
little strings of thread through it so I
just thought that was a really pretty
pillow and then I have this great fuzzy
one back here so I'm just obsessed with
those pillows right now where I guys
start packing and
it's about 12 o'clock and I'm still
packing so I really don't think I will
be doing anything exciting it that is
vlog worthy so I'm going to end off
today's vlog here I know today's vlog
was kind of sucky because I didn't
really get to do that many fun things
but I will be vlogging every single day
for the next five days because I will be
obviously in California with a bunch of
youtubers aka lots of logs for you guys
so nice my hand dirty I don't know
heads bellies elf dinner um but stay
tuned for the next five days because
lots of fun vlogs will be coming your
ways so I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video and I will talk to you guys
tomorrow
