whoa sold
today's OOTD whoa not really morning
everyone I wanted to show you guys the
icicles in front of our house this is
literally insane we need to cut this
down because this is like a safety
concern now but it's currently snowing
and I'm about to go to the mall real
quick with Daria because I need to pick
up some new sneakers ever since we
started working out I've been using my
mom's old like nike shox or something I
don't know I hate them so much and I
don't know why I haven't gotten new
shoes so we're gonna go to the nike
store and get some new shoes for me and
then we're going to go to the gym which
is why I look like this we're currently
in the nike store hi and i really want
the owners people coming i really want
the nike ok goodbye so that was a fail
the shoes that i wanted which are the
nike free run five plus i think it's
called they didn't have them in my size
just as guys half above and a half yes
they have the exact size you these like
surrounding it but they don't have a
size 7 and they're on sale too firmly
sixty dollars they're virtually like 100
but we're gonna see if we can buy them
anywhere else because I didn't bring gym
shoes with me so Isaac we're gonna go
into under armour now because so they're
having sale right and so weird and do
that right now dark to the izzle what
what are you getting what happened hecto
super cute left knee on
and smart pants ah did you know that
Fergie makes shoes I didn't scare you
we're at famous footwear right now and
they don't have the shoes i want this is
just a problem now technique i was sold
some bath soaps I told you I'd get them
to stop maybe one maybe two I'm always
awkwardly zooming whenever I
you know a little baby oh these are the
ones I wanted to give these okay so i
think our you purchase really cool oh my
god I don't even see the web no that's
what the funny part is I dang deal
they're so cute I don't get it doooo it
looks like it could be one of those
montage scenes from like you know from
stores where you start at the fitting
room and like girls trying to bunch of
clothes and then like you're like let's
go shopping ooh underwear inappropriate
definitely she's okay she's getting some
starbucks I got some frozen yogurt the
white chocolate machine like went insane
because was one of those drop things
that looks really good she always
complains how I I am like it's good hold
on and it's open cuz my hand is
literally frozen i'm holding a cult
 drinking 18 15 degrees or the
heart is really cold in here
yeah definitely seeing it no I mean they
really want to just get close to you man
get it zoom in close oh yeah we're
finally going Nuria web let's go say
earlier Mike Daria like funny moments
are always off camera like you to just
have some fellas for the camera job
applications are now being accepted we
just like hire someone to follow yeah
but this rather go to camera person cuz
you know I don't want to trust someone
for my camera how about instead they
stick a GoPro to their head and just
walk backwards in front of me yeah sense
yeah or they could just stick it on the
back of their head but they're not gonna
know if they get me the shot so I'd
rather do the you know the backwards
walking the person clipping me I'm
looking for a job it's gonna work your
Bochy backwards walking works your butt
guys fun factor there and something
maybe I'll follow you around while you
just juice all the time better noodles
you do Jason added it just resident a
dude that's my life I just got back from
the gym and I also stopped by trader
joes so i got this tomato you can't like
see any of its covered in leaves right
now but oh there you can see them it's
tomato and mozzarella salad with
balsamic vinaigrette on it and it's like
really late it's already 540 this is
really good though hey guys so it's
actually the morning after but I didn't
flogged anything after my salad so I
just wanted to come on here and say
goodbye I
I'm gonna go edit this in now goodbye
