I want you to know mom knows me like you
too
hi everyone good morning today did not
have such a great start
what's the time it's exactly 12 right
now and I'm like halfway with doing my
makeup for some reason I woke up feeling
so sick today I've heard he puked three
times
sorry TMI so that kind of sucks I have
no idea what's wrong with me because I
was completely mom I'm doing that right
now and I was like you should vlog right
now I am
anyways so I don't know what's wrong
with me because I felt completely fine
yesterday I went shopping with Lauren
because we were picking up some things
for a video and Lauren and I were
supposed to film today she was gonna
come over and we were gonna film but
we're talking right now and figuring out
if we should film today or do it like
another day I think I may have actually
gotten it for my brother because like
two days ago he was experiencing the
same thing or his body was just really
shaky and he kept like puking everything
that he ate so maybe I got it from him I
don't know what is this like a flu I
don't even know I'm not very educated
with the sickness stuff cuz I never get
sick ever like I get sick like maybe
twice a year I'm sitting on the steps
right now having a lovely chat with
viata I'm cleaning break right now she's
been cleaning our house we figured out
it was a stomach flu right stomach flu I
just I don't really know my sickness is
so I didn't know what I had but I guess
this is the sonic flu I think I've only
had this like twice my entire life say
the announcement that you want you
wanted to make
mmm-hmm 127 127 guys what was your
beginning way 136 wasn't it point - yeah
total lions
oh yes guys I say that every day I say
mommy so ugly you're so bad
oh my God we're so miserable she's
crying every day like why does my
daughter physically and mentally abused
me every day I'm an awful daughter she
was just starving herself this is the
first meal she's had in months right oh
good see they don't know what's going on
okay so ah um a few days ago like my mom
was like Claudia you always have your
little planners you I see very like
planned out and organized can you make
me a schedule so that I can become more
productive and I was like yeah sure so I
made her like on the dot every minute
schedule wakeup 8:00 a.m. 8:00 Oh to
make coffee while cleaning up kitchen
8:20 no no you wish you wake up at 8
o'clock and at 8:02 you should be down
in the kitchen at 8:02 you should be in
the kitchen making your coffee and while
the coffee is brewing you clean up the
kitchen
so at 8:20 you should be done it's funny
you should be done drinking your coffee
and tidying up the kitchen and then
carry on
since when did you start reading books
I'm sorry I have the stomach flu okay I
think I should just start saying that
Lauren's coming over every day now
because I've got my mom to clean the
house she's never been here before she
lives in LA Megan if you're watching
this right because he totally texted me
shout out to you guys to know what we're
talking about right now hey well that's
we've been rambling for seven minutes
now I think it's about time I get back
to work
hey guys Negative Nancy here vlogging
again I've got another issue today um
every time I lay down my stomach hurts
again and yeah you know so I'm forced to
sit up but I'm tired and I can't sleep
sitting up so it's gonna watch a movie
because I recently bought a lot of like
$5 movies from Target so it's not much
like the Black Swan and stuff but I just
realized my new computer doesn't take
CDs that is currently my dilemma right
now I really don't want to go watch TV
downstairs
I'm just such a brat I just want to lay
in bed but I can't dive to sit
Lauren texted me back and she's not
coming over today
we'll probably film tomorrow depending
on how I feel and if we have anything
like important going on tomorrow
fortified side bangs clearly I have
nothing else to vlog about so I'm gonna
go for now
today's OTV blanket from Target dress
from Victoria's Secret
so I just finished watching the Black
Swan and it was a really sad movie I
mean it was good it was pretty good but
it was just like a little depressing but
um recently I bought a bunch of like $5
movies from Target that's kind of what I
plan on doing today so I also have so I
just watched the Black Swan
I have Mean Girls The Devil Wears Prada
classic Valentine's Day I think I'm
gonna watch this on Valentine's Day
because obviously I'm gonna be lone I'm
Hilda today so why not just you know I
go from watching the Black Swan now what
you can't really tell looking at the
screen let's go come on a Disney Channel
original movie I'm watching high school
musical starring Zac Efron Vanessa and
Hodgins
oh my god I want you to know mommy liked
you too
all right I don't know these words it's
about ten o'clock
