my name is Claudia hello thank my
jungkook well
hey guys good morning so first off I
hope you guys enjoyed that little intro
thing I was really excited to show it to
you guys my mom's like oh no so anyways
I wanted to quickly mention something
before I really start vlogging today I
wanted to quickly explain why this video
is not uploaded on a Sunday because I
told you guys on the last day of vlogmas
that I would be uploading every single
Sunday I recently changed my mind and
that is because I've realized that I
don't like weekly vlogs I did it the
week before I started vlogmas for my
Thanksgiving week I'll have that link
down below if you guys didn't watch that
because it was pretty funny but anyways
I did a weekly vlog for that week and I
just noticed that I don't really like
making them I don't know why I feel like
they're just very long they usually end
up being like over 20 minutes long which
takes a long time to upload and I also
feel very like limited on how much I can
vlog during the day because I don't want
it to be too long of a video so I
decided that instead I am just going to
vlog whenever I want and I was going to
do this originally but then I thought oh
no this isn't like an organized way cuz
I'm like to have everything very like
planned and organized but at the end of
the day I don't really like doing weekly
vlogs I just think the video will be
more entertaining if I vlog for an
entire day and then that's just the
video itself so that's what I'm going to
be doing instead but it's better for you
guys because you guys will get to see
more of me throughout the week because I
won't be vlogging every single day but I
definitely will be vlogging at least
like twice a week so you guys will be
seeing me a bunch every single week but
I definitely will not be able to do
every day so I just wanted to let you
guys know I'm going to be vlogging
whenever I want to and that's pretty
much what I decided to do because you
know some days are kind of boring and
some are more exciting so I think this
will kind of fit with my lifestyle the
most if you guys know what I'm saying so
I'm really excited because this kind of
puts less pressure on
so we don't have to vlog every single
day and I can also vlog as much as I
want because they aren't gonna be like
30 minute videos but I just uploaded my
get ready with me
New Year's Eve video and you guys are
really lucky how it turned out which
excites me I actually filmed the intro
to that last night where I had like
confetti flying in front of my face and
I actually vlogged a little bit
yesterday while I was cleaning it so I
want to jump back to yesterday and show
you guys those clips real quick so let's
let's rewind to yesterday yeah bringing
my cat up here wasn't a good idea this
is not gonna be fun
to clean I just finished filming the
intro for a main Channel video and as
you can see I made quite a mess
so I am cleaning that up right now and
I'm having so much fun
my name is Claudia hello what are you
doing are you happy yeah that's really
sick that's gross
a dad just texted me that dinner is
ready so let's go see what I Thapa
what'd you make for dinner no no no
guys look at how much frickin snow there
is outside you have like icicles look at
that it looks kind of cool actually
we took our tree down already usually we
have it up for literally like two months
after Christmas but we took it down
hi everyone and welcome to the mudroom
I'm about to go shovel our driveway and
our card because it is completely
covered in snow and I want to go to the
gym later today
thus I need to go shovel the snow let's
go shovel what are you going fake my
Jack the calf t1 perfume
I'm about to go workout with Daria
x-rated so we just got done working out
yes I'm wearing my new gloves
open a locker okay I swear to God my
lock that we use right here never works
it takes like it takes like 20 tries to
finally get it open but it's actually 11
right now it's like 10:40 or something
oh do you want to show that do you
tattoo oh look at that so you can't
really see it and then you can see I
just see it and you are your trade kiss
yes
oh yeah I got this pierced like the day
before New Year's there you go alright
well I'm gonna stop walking out cuz my
arm okay hello so it is very very late
right now I think it's like 1:00 and I'm
about to go to bed
but I've just been writing a few things
I planner I was gonna update you guys on
my jaw bone up bracelet but the lighting
is so bad right now and the quality is
probably awful so I'm just gonna save
that for another day but I mean I'm
still wearing it if you guys wondering I
guess that's it for today's vlog not
very exciting I will make sure the next
one is a lot better but I will see you
guys later
