cabbage and all I'm hearing is just
excuses it's Christmas morning and look
how cutie pie is waiting for us it's the
least oh that's Happy New Year huh
someone likes her Christmas gift oh my
god we got her that little red thing
that she swings she is over at the
aftermath of Christmas my dad lit the
fireplace that looks so pretty
top up are you happy with your gift yes
me too
make us do us yeah what are you guys
watching my parents are watching a movie
right now don't know it so hun I am
about to clean up my room a little
because it got really messy within the
past 24 hours oh I have to film my what
I got for Christmas video because I do
that every year and you guys really like
that and I'll give you guys oh well
that's really yummy up before this video
but one of the things that I got which
was the main thing that I asked for was
the up jaw bone bracelet which looks
like this it's like a pedometer and it
tracks your sleep and there's like a
whole bunch of stuff so I have to film
that video obviously I have to get ready
but because I've just been sitting in my
pajamas all day I'm probably gonna film
in these pajamas um but that's pretty
much my day right now how are you liking
your pillow I bought him a big fuzzy
pillow and I put it in this big box so
we had no idea what it was it's so comfy
Hey are you happy with what you got this
year yes what's up with this little rug
here
little catwalk okay see guys look at my
room I gotta unpack like how does this
happen it was beautiful when I first
came in so I need to work on that right
now
I just finished curling my hair a little
bit and doing my makeup because I'm
about to film my what I got for
Christmas video so I'm gonna do that I
was hoping to upload this today but I
don't think I won't be able to because
it's already like 7 o'clock bus let us
get to filming so I'm currently filming
right now and I brought up vlogmas so
hey ya beauty star meet ya Beauty Star
TV okay alright so I just recently
finished filming my what I got for
Christmas video and I imported it onto
my computer and for some reason I just
really didn't like how it turned out
not the video itself but just like the
quality of the video the image looked a
little grainy and I don't like how the
lighting turned out and stuff so I think
I'm just gonna refilm it tomorrow
morning with natural light because I
think natural light always ends up
looking a lot better and it just I don't
know it just looked weird so I think I'm
gonna refilm that but that will be up
tomorrow so I gotta do that tomorrow
morning basically just called my hair
for no reason because I want to take a
shower tonight and my hair is also
getting kind of greasy at the top so
yeah jab clots yeah that's okay my arm
is like really hurting right now to be
honest it hurts
let's see what the fans doing blogging
camera coming hi guys hey what is this
oh good like tomatoes and stuff um so I
guess yeah I guess I'm about to have a
ham taco look at that yummyness
hmm oh and here's our new toaster we got
in toaster because ours has been broken
for the past like six months and we
never got a new one so it's nice and new
and shiny and there's no crumbs in there
yet
I literally turned on the camera just to
tell you guys how amazing how amazing
this taco is it like it tastes like
Chipotle kind of five stars from Claudia
thumbs up that goal no matter this I'm
about to show you guys the coolest thing
ever so this is it meet it hello
basically what you do is you pour hot
water here and you place the tea in and
underneath it's got this amazing
technology where you place it over your
cup you place down
and it pours in there yes it shits in
your cup see it's going down oh my god
went slow down it went up so I was
reading a bunch of your guys's comments
on my newest vlog miss and you guys
reminded me that my mom didn't weigh in
yesterday like she said she would so
let's go see what she's up to mama
she's not in there uh see what this
woman has to say her stop what day
is it
one day Hey and what did you say you're
gonna do on December 1st don't remember
I'm too old you said that you are gonna
wear yourself in by Christmas after
Christmas Eve yeah and I didn't TM I
mother it's not fair
yesterday was awesome I know you forgot
and cabbage all I'm hearing is just
excuses about it guys for disappointment
I though I yeah and so to answer all of
your guys's questions about that there's
that I don't want to start this
conversation because it means that vlog
mess is over this is it I cannot believe
that it's over it feels so weird it went
by so fast it's so weird to think that
I've logged every single day for 25 days
I mean it was really hard to keep up
with it especially with like travelling
and stuff it was kind of difficult I did
like one day get behind don't be too sad
because I will be vlogging pretty much
every single day in 2013 wow it's a lot
of vlogging but I'm going to turn it
into weekly vlog so that you know I
won't have to be vlogging all day every
day every single Sunday in 2014 you guys
should be expecting a video on this
channel and I promise I will never miss
a Sunday I think I got this yeah I just
wanted to thank all of you guys for
watching I've gained a lot of viewers on
this channel which is awesome because
I'm going to be uploading every week on
this channel now so that's great and I'm
just happy that I found a new way to
connect with you guys and entertain you
all so very very happy that I did it and
I'm going to end off today's blog here
so you guys can expect a weekly vlog on
January 5th on this channel so that's
kind of a long time but no I mean I'm
gonna start vlogging on in January first
but I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video and this entire vlogmas series I
will have day one the entire playlist
linked down there so in case you guys
started watching these a little later
and you want to watch all of them I'll
have day one in there and it'll just be
a playlist that will keep running
through all of them so that will be the
first link in the description I'm gonna
stop talking because I want to quickly
finish some things up and then go to
sleep but I love you guys so so so much
and goodbye everyone
here's to the last camera snack goodbye
you
