you're almost there I believe in you
good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day at 24 so Merry Christmas Eve I'm
going to the mall right now because I
need to pick up a few things because I'm
such a last-minute person and I'm
probably gonna stop by like anthropology
or something well you know it always
happens so I'm just letting my car heat
up right now
see you'd see my breath it's like zero
degrees here chicano and it's so I'm
doing that right now and then I'm gonna
have to wrap some presents and at 5
o'clock we're leaving to go to my
cousin's house for Christmas Eve dinner
so it's like 10:00 a.m. right now and
I've got a lot to do so I just got home
from the mall and Target and I had to
run into my house because my entire
family is home and they're all watching
me like run these gifts in but I bought
a few last-minute gifts because I pretty
much got all the main presents for my
family members I just got a few other
like small things and I got some like
little wrapping paper and stuff I got
these two wrapping papers because I
thought they were really pretty ones
like chevron striped ones striped and
some stickers and tissue paper I got
this bag got some bows and now I'm ready
to drip
I started wrapping up my gifts and
they're looking so cute with these
little bows especially this one I really
like this one oh and I painted my nails
red yesterday too
I'm about to fill these out right now so
I quickly wanted to show you guys when
I'm drinking right now because it's so
good and I must share with you guys
so during VidCon a while back Ali
introduced me at 2:00 at the Koko
caramel sea salt cheese glass super
beauty here on YouTube and she showed me
this which open looks like this and it
smells so good I can smell it from here
but it basically just tastes not like
hot chocolate but it's definitely like
very chocolatey I really know how to
explain it it's just really good but I
have it in this little glass tea thing
where you like put the tea in there
and then it separates it and I got this
from Teavana and then I'm just
sweetening my tea with some agave nectar
yeah there is why being the windshield
we're about to go to our cousin's house
for our Christmas Eve party yeah they're
all together wait hold on let's take a
thumbnail double chin up every Sunday
you're holding it down there this
division season am i right yeah pretty I
can't do that you're almost there
I believe in you I can't move my lips
this dress is from American Eagle wait I
thought those was a topless island if
you could bring any three movies
by three movies okay avatar okay I feel
it I've seen that at least three times -
I feel it maybe like transport know
comedy like a comedy okay okay Oh hot
chick okay yes I'm done for comedy oh my
gosh yeah okay I'll go shutter island'
my favorite movie ever
American Beauty another amuse a balls
movie and Lion King bit about three
movies so desert island The Dark Knight
you can't bring no there's three movie
if you bring one trilogy that's it
you're gonna be watching Batman movies
for the rest your life anything anymore
without you recording everything that's
just recording our memories gonna take
well you gotta take a fella only someone
who's go with make up and do that right
this is Kevin shuffling with baby cards
yeah with the baby yeah my back I'm
currently laying on my brother guess
this all right 400 guests discard 300
guests discard bye
I recently started to break out a little
bit right here so sorry about that I'll
stay on this side but it's like 2:00
a.m. so technically it's officially
Christmas so I just wanted to end off
days like this here I what was that I
almost forgot to do the bent I almost
forgot to do the advent calendar so it
is tot sorry that's my brother alright
anyways so it is time for the last day
is the 24th I'm expecting something to
be very special in here I don't know I
guess we'll see so let's open it up the
suspense oh I don't have this so that's
exciting this is the dandelion is this a
blush I believe it is are you serious
it says yep that's what it says
you
