dropping Claudia off at the airport so
sad hi guys and welcome to vlogmas day
at 23 it's about 10:40 and Espen and i
are about to go to lunch with her friend
Lauren which so excited to meet and I
just finished packing up which is so sad
because right after lunch I have to
leave so I got everything in there and
then I have this carry-on bag from
Lululemon but I want to show you guys my
outfit of the day real quick so I'm
wearing my Free People jacket of course
I'm obsessive this this cream sweater
from Free People this black scarf from
brandy melville some black leggings from
Victoria's Secret and some booties from
H&M my sweater from brandy melville
scarf from PacSun leggings from brandy
and brown boots so cute
so we're about to go but I'm waiting for
oh it's already up so vlogmas day 22
just uploaded which is great because now
I'm back on schedule because I was like
a day off for a little bit this morning
Espen and I were watching
Tanya burrs vlogmas day 22 video she
mentioned how she likes my vlogmas
videos and I totally wasn't expecting it
so I got like really excited so thank
you Tanya if you're watching this is so
sweet of you and it like it makes it
like puts pressure on me to make my vlog
misses more entertaining coz I feel like
they're so boring so this is goodbye to
Aspen's room don't judge the post-it
notes all over the wall it's been fun
later probably never see you again I
just hate the camera moving on bye
basement
alright you guys don't want to see me
say goodbye to every single part of her
house
boisterous nice to officially meet you I
felt like I saw you at Target like four
times I didn't know if it was you yeah I
saw you too and then I was like calling
you like I think I say Connie what is
alone in the food court
oh man look at that salad it looks so
good it has like black beans and rice
underneath it yes and they have a good
ice here like the little ones that you
can like crush and eat oh my gosh that
in it's time to go
we're at the airport dropping Claudia
off at the airport so sad but we'll see
each other in like three weeks
well I'm gonna turn this off and give
her a real hug now so I am now flying to
Denver and I made a new friend
I basically just sold in my entire life
story about my youtube channel sounds
like
but we're like about to land right now
thank you guys look I just got home and
I'm starving
because I was like salad today because I
don't want to get airport food so
thankfully my mom is cooking right now
which is perfect timing to our can
someone explain why there is a bag of
popcorn under our tree this looks so
good in here huh oh it's blurry boxes
hello
what is she lighting each bug me I just
quickly wanted to think clean and clear
because they sent me some products from
their new a night relaxing collection
which I'm so excited to try especially
these wipes but they also gave me these
little chocolate-covered Oreos which are
so good I already had one but thank you
cleaning clear such a nice surprise so
I'm probably gonna pig out on these some
more I got my next glam bag and they
sent me a little card and this Kate
Spade bracelet which I thought was so
pretty it's just a simple gold bangle
and it matches with the bracelet that
clean and clear gave me to us so well
done so pretty I love if see the whole
family is just so nice so right now I am
about to watch some YouTube videos oh
gosh okay this is looking very saying
you guys probably can't tell so back in
January this year I decided that I
wanted to keep a memory jar which is
basically where you write down little
notes to yourself of things that
happened this year that we're good and
at the end of the year you supposed to
open up the jar and reread them and it's
just a nice way to go down memory lane
and I knew that I was going to be very
busy for this last week of 2013 and
today I really had nothing to do so I
decided to open it up and
I started crying it wasn't like tears of
sadness it was joy I don't know like
some of the stuff that I wrote in here
were just like things that I completely
forgot about until I read them I don't
know I mean like here's like a really
stupid one um but like I wrote Taco Bell
with melee at three yeah this is like
the second time I ever had taco this is
like the first time I took melee with me
and like this is like one of those
sleepovers that I'll always remember one
of my best friends I don't know so
there's like those kind of silly things
and then I have like a bunch of receipts
in here like one of them which is really
cool there's one right here it's a
receipt from Hawaii two hundred and
eighty five dollars at Brandi Knoxville
Wow things have changed but I wrote like
shopping in Hawaii at the top
I like movie tickets in here too I don't
know if any of you guys saw my Hawaii
vlogs but I put the pearls in here that
my dad and I opened up from the little
what is it
clams that they're inside and we got
three white pearls and I never had it up
using that but I put them in this jar so
I'm just gonna keep them in the jar cuz
it's more of just like a memory I don't
want to do anything with them reading
all these little notes that I wrote to
myself it reminds me of what a blessed
and amazing life I have so just made me
really happy reading all these so I just
wanted to vlog myself talking about this
so that when I watch these videos when
I'm an old lady I can remember this
tonight because this made me really
happy and I'm probably gonna keep these
forever I'm probably gonna put them in
like a plastic bag and label in 2013 and
just like keep on doing that every year
okay well on that note I am going to
jump to my advent calendar footage which
I'm pretty sure I filmed back before I
visited Aspen so let's go over to that
footage all right Advan calendar time
let's open up dead twenty-three
and it is cha cha tense I don't own this
so I'm excited
only one more day left would what hey
welcome back to December 23rd it's
actually 24th cuz it's like 1:00 a.m.
whoa happy merry Christmas Eve maybe
Christmas Eve why did I say happy uh-huh
but I'm going to end off today's vlogmas
video here I will see you tomorrow
you
