i won before you no no I was good
morning everyone and welcome to vlogmas
day 22 do you want to say hi yeah so
it's about like 1:30 and we just got out
of bed so that's good but we're about to
make some lunch so this is my salad
they're pretty much just very put it'll
put in whatever I could find Aspen is
having an apple and some peanut butter
and some celery okay right here okay
what is going on that you're oh so we
just finished getting ready yeah so
basically your days now started 4 p.m. 4
p.m. wonderful we're gonna go to Target
because we got to buy a few things for a
video that we're doing on my channel and
they're gonna film for both of our
channels let's go track it we comment
down below if you're watching both of
these vlogs right now that are being
filmed on different cameras ok so um
what's codes are about doing some props
for my video so you look better on yours
it's like brighter so we can't show each
other what we're about to get so we have
to split off and get some props everyone
is staring at us so ready set go
does anyone else remember when Aspen was
vlogging about these cars it's so funny
how I'm actually here looking at them
okay
so god this lighting is just great we
just got back from Target and we just
bought our stuff so we're about to film
and I'm really
I was trying it I was selling Aspen how
I was like embarrassed to buy the things
I was buying and was like here's me
because I wasn't she's like what well I
wasn't embarrassed so it's gonna be a
fun video yeah we're about two films
videos this is our great little setup
and we're about to do that right now by
E we have to build the tallest tree in
the image with what what are we about to
do something very very bad it's okay
once I get home I'm gonna get back into
the whole healthy eating working out
same lunch quasi diseases or tablespoons
of margarine butter room going right to
our buns yes then goes the artificial
powder
to stir oh my gosh it's bringing back
memories right Espen won one game I won
the second final round round sissy wins
a blaze wanted for her line this is the
championship round
this is championship oh my gosh oh I won
before you know no I wasn't I won no I
lied I could play it I will pause it and
it will say Claudia one I know anything
I don't anything home you can have our
pie it sinks it's really small so a
stone why did you take out three spirits
only two of us three yeah okay the
smaller spoon works yeah little bites
savory I'll have the first bye okay you
guys it's good isn't it really good
mm-hmm
so it has just been confirmed that Aspen
and I are staying with meghanrosette for
Le IMATS so we are going to be there so
right now we're about to book tickets
and stuff because we're gonna try to
find flights that are like kind of
similar like timewise so doing that
right now boo so excited Megan if you're
watching this
I can't wait I can't wait to see your
new apartment it's probably gonna be
beautiful
yes okay so we're doing that right now
and we're stuffed we ate so Aspen just
finished editing of the collab that we
did on her channel and we cried I just
cried because it was so funny I don't
think I went one second without laughing
it was so funny
oh no but we can't we have to be until
next year but it's okay because it's in
like a week
so stay tuned for that video I have to
pack because it's my last night here but
yeah we're basically just working on
some videos and some vlogmas so that is
it for vlogmas day what day is it 22
yeah 22 um that's it I'll see you guys
there Hey alright you guys all know what
time it is back in my bathroom okay
let's open up a day at one jet hole oh
it's another what is this it is a
necklace ah cute it's little gold star
you
