have it can you do like a little dance
for me in my blog hi guys and welcome to
vlogmas day 20 it is officially the
first full day that I'm here and okay so
we have got some almond milk yummy Greek
yogurt yogurt baby cucumbers yes I look
like I'm grabbing my boob but I'm just
covering up this sweater right now today
we have a Christmas party my body gets
to meet all my friends
so excited and the best believe I'm
gonna be vlogging I was like talking to
Aspen I was like hmm should I just like
walk around my Carolyn just like
interview people like hey my name is
Claudia my youtuber so what's your name
what's your number girl with some name
what's your number I'd be pretty funny
and we got my luggage this morning
because it was at the first Airport so
we really like we haven't I'm still in
yesterday's clothes I just want a
sweater and I like look like we're
sitting in a dark room actually the kind
of hour
it's 548 and we are editing once we
finish editing and uploading vlogmas
then we're gonna we're gonna get ready
why why YouTube and trying to upload
vlogmas day 19 and taking forever hello
so Espen and I are currently getting
ready for a Christmas party and I'm
wearing this like mesh sweetheart
neckline black shirt from forever 21 and
I've got this like I think it's
leather skirt and it's cool cuz its
cutouts it's white and then black
it's from Nasty Gal and then some black
tights and I'm probably gonna wear this
tonight Aspen is currently in her makeup
room so let's go see this is avery you
guys don't know her she's espen sister
and she's helping us pick up outfits yes
so what you choose like that's cute so
Aspen is the worst vlogger ever all day
so I'm gonna be horrible really bad
quality keeps telling me that I'm sure
it's already like it well good that's
good some Viva La Juicy Noir yeah and I
like the new one so we are on our way to
target right now because we're doing
like the elephant was it called white
elephant white elephant gift exchange
type thing at the Christmas party so
we're getting that and I get some gum
and yeah we basically just been getting
ready for like ever
yeah we were gonna have like time to
spare but we're actually late oh we
played Mario Kart today with espen
siblings all of us and hi oh yeah oh
yeah you watch ass dude was like watch
I'll call ya I don't know like I'm
really good at this like I I always win
and I'm like okay okay and I could you
beat me and I was mad but I can't seem
to be being being his amazing little
Benny been really good have seven years
old for its first place every time I
don't understand because that was like
my childhood its sixth grade I would go
home and play the game on time I have
the biggest headache ever so we're going
to party because parties make you feel
better and you have headaches basically
that's it
okay I'm gonna go edit my blog okay so
it's December and they already have at
swimsuits out here so I actually really
like this one I don't really know about
the beads but this oops this fabric is
really pretty just this fabric guys the
color I like the color
let's see where'd she go guys on your
blog is it so different when your vlog
like with someone else
yeah easier and it's not as awkward
bunch of people looking at us but we
don't care at all cuz they're not
looking at just me them
like all of these because they it's no
color and I like no color I got this
done and Target today and I've been
looking for this Dom for like forever
and I never seem to find it I thought it
today I got the Trident perfect
peppermint gum and I decided that I
wanted to vlog my first impression
because I hold Aspen I told Aspen that I
mean like what if I start crying what if
I start good or laughing or you don't
you never know so I might as well get
this on camera I'm so excited
wait is it like peppermint to back what
is going on
cake gum place enough well
I don't really have a reaction
I guess it's good okay well I need to
pack my gift real quick so I'm closest I
don't know if they can see but I've been
struggling okay I'll see you guys at the
party if I walk there so right now I'm
with Aspen and Jordan and the party
ended so we're going bowling now yes we
are going bowling which I'm so excited
cuz that bad hey I haven't bowled in so
long so I'm like really excited we're
bowling right now
have it can you do like a little dance
for me in my blog please watch this
I suck at bowling
I got stuck wait are you a second place
you know what okay so we're getting Taco
Bell we are but but you know okay we
justified it because we exercise a lot
today yeah it was like a walk / hike yes
it's less trying to break into this one
yeah and tomorrow we plan on working on
the morning so now it's asked this time
vlog so I'm pre recording this so woah
hey future Claudia okay let's do 20 and
it is eyelift
ooh what is this I've actually never
heard of this so that's exciting
cool okay
you
