low fight race is such a good song I'm
currently in the process of filming a
video for a main channel it has to do
with my self tanner teen because I
always get questions on that I have this
weird dry patch on my face right here I
thought it was a pimple at first but now
it's just like this little dry patch why
does this happen how do I make it go
away I just woke up so I'm gonna make
myself a smoothie I some stuff to show
you guys but yeah I just came to do
started that's what we're doing I want
to show you guys a few things that I got
for the apartment I've got them kind of
laying on the ground right now but I'm
gonna bring them over into the good
light I'm excited to talk about these
okay this website called Umbra Umbra I
feel like it's Umbra I'm not sure and
they hit me up if I wanted to choose
anything from their site and then they
sent so much more than I asked for and
I'm so excited because all this stuff is
so freaking cute this is not a sponsored
video in any way I'm choosing to share
this with you guys because you know how
excited I get about this they included a
little note and they wrote hey Claudia
Congrats in your new place we love it we
hope you enjoy your new number goodies
we threw in a couple extra fun pieces as
well we can't wait to see how they look
in your place
they're so good okay I'll start off with
the stuff that I chose today that's you
I got this little circle mirror and it's
got like a little wood panel that it
sits on I think I'm actually gonna put
it right on that wall above my little
medicine thing yeah oh my god love it so
good it'll be nice having like a mix of
wood over there too I also picked out
this little necklace earring bracelet
rack it's white it's simple
I wanted something taller that I could
hang longer necklaces on and stuff I'll
figure it out but yeah this is
incredible I don't know if I'm gonna put
it like on my dresser or where the rest
of my stuff is this one might not be as
exciting for you guys but I got a
garbage can I've been meaning to get one
for my upstairs bathroom and this one
has like this little lid that you put on
it see no one can see the dead bodies
and I'm hiding in there Oh Rebecca
actually gifted this warrant as part of
her birthday gift not too long ago and I
saw this on the website and I was like I
want that so bad
I was literally gonna purchase this
myself
to the fact that they had it I kind of
freaked out but it's basically this
little bathtub tray table type thing
there's a spot for a wine glass my
favorite thing is that it has a little
stand for your book oh my god guys it's
adjustable you lift this little bar up
and you can place any sort of book into
any of these little slots a freaking
wine glass slides in there I'm so
excited
okay so these are little metal black
kind of flat but raised letters I love
how this looks online and it just says
do what you love love what you do now
realizing that I just got one sentence
and so you can figure out and choose
what sentence you want to make it
whether it's do what you love or love
what you do never mind
I was opening it up and they have the
rest of the words it was kind of like
tucked hidden under here so you actually
do get all of these Oh lovely I'm
thinking of placing this above my TV
right up there would be so cute because
there something needs to be right there
I think that's everything that I
personally chose then I also oh my god
okay these are so sick I got these two
prism
photo frames I actually already opened
this one up last night because I was too
excited and it's so cool I'm obsessed oh
oh my god I need more frames in my house
like I have so many bookshelves and so
much room upstairs and stuff and so the
whole thing is just clear and it's got a
little prism this is one I haven't
looked at yet oh oh yeah oh that's good
very very my aesthetic on the subject of
little photo frames we've got this
leaflet photo slash memo holder I'm just
gonna stick like to pull rides on there
love Jack's ring holder - is it open
that's what this one looks like loving
the colors we've also got this little
ring holder that's nice we got a planter
this just this feels like Christmas
morning I am just so it's so excited
about this table
this is so cute oh my gosh just a few
more things I also got this little Geo
charms and topper from what I can tell
you've got a little wine stopper and
then these little clips that you can
hang on to the neck of your glass so
that you know whose cup is whose hell
yeah
so cute Jessica and Kelly thank you guys
so so much like this is the greatest
surprise ever
guys did a great job with all the other
stuff too like oh my god I'm gonna be
sure to link them in the description box
if you want to check out the site
because I was finding so many things but
I was like I'm just gonna choose four
cuz I don't want to be aggressive you
guys are freaking out look at how cute
this looks I think I'm gonna bring these
up in my room I don't know oh my gosh I
got to show them off we're in the air
now it's fine waiting waiting waiting
patiently waiting really okay I just
finished filming at the main channel
video and weirdly enough I filmed it on
this camera sometimes I just feel like
the lighting and coloring just looks so
much better on this camera when it's set
up on a tripod and so yeah I just use
this I wasn't I don't know right now I'm
just practicing for an audition I'm
gonna have to leave in about 30 minutes
but I feel good about it so I'm excited
and then after that I got a freaking
edit this main channel video and get it
all done today just got out of the
audition Oh
someone just cut me off but I don't care
I feel great about it it was fun this is
the one thing that sucks is when you
have a 50 minute car ride home
of course we bump into each other a
while texting each other it wasn't
planned
we are psycho back to shopping and our
sign is complete putting this up was
terrifying because it was really really
hard to not only make them on one line
but also not crooked themselves I feel
like it's not perfect but you know what
it's fine I'm so happy with it I think
it looks so sick like oh yeah
this space needed that you guys I'm just
getting delusional at this point I'm
getting my second wind I don't know it
is 11:04 p.m. and my goal was to get
this done tonight because tomorrow we've
got another writing sesh and then I'm
going out on the town because it's gonna
be a Friday night look at how cute this
little intro is
looks like you guys also yeah it's
pretty much my wallpaper I'm gonna go
put on a face mask close this one out
I hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
I will see you for any one very soon
