a collisional hi guys welcome to vlogmas
day 18 my eye is a lot better so I
actually found out that it wasn't
pinkeye or any type of infection I just
had like a little piece of fiber or like
so I don't know what it was maybe from
like a shirt or something but something
was in my eye and I found it in my eye
this morning because I didn't feel it
because it was so small but I think it
was just scratching my eye every time I
like blinked but right when I took it
out like the redness went away in like
five minutes so that's probably what was
wrong with my eye but as you can see I'm
holding a box of makeup because I'm
about to film a video it was so sad when
I put on this sweater this morning and
it reminded me of Fashion Week because
that's when I bought this sweater I wore
it with like a pink skirt brought me
back to some great memories yay so I
just finished filming my tutorial and
now I'm just getting some tree closed
shop close your eye robust some tree
close-ups for the video cuz I have a
really cool idea and hopefully it works
out while I'm editing but I'm probably
just gonna edit the video now so I have
no idea if this video is gonna be up
already but I'm in the process of
editing it right now and it's turning
out exactly how I wanted to so I want to
show you guys a quick little sneak peek
he like goes through the tree and then
like I'm doing my makeup on the
ornaments
and then of course like the product and
then I haven't done that one yet ah it
looks so cold so I'm still working on my
video but my mom walks in with this what
is this she made more brownies why do
you do this to me I don't know no this
is the celebration cake for me leaving
she's like cool oh my god guys my date
could not get any better I've got a
salad for dinner and grilled shrimp look
at that mom what is this called mango
salsa
my mom makes this mango salsa and it
tastes so good okay I can't do this with
one hand when you put the mango salsa on
your shrimp
hmm yum-yum-yum-yum-yum yeah so it's
already 11:40 right now almost midnight
and I still have to pack and I actually
have a lot to do but look whose room is
spotless I just filmed a room tour well
it's more of just close-ups of
everything that's Christmassy in my room
but it's gonna be a Christmas themed
room tour so that's exciting I'm very
happy that my room is clean so I'm just
over here editing and stuff then I have
to pack less so let's open up day number
18 and for those of you asking about
what I'm gonna do when I'm with aspirin
if I have room I will bring this with me
but if I find out that I don't have room
in my suitcase then I probably will open
all these up and then just put them in
the video so like pre record but yeah
let's open up to 18 its Sunbeam I've
actually never tried this before I've
always wanted to get it but I just never
ended up getting it yay
okay so it is currently 3 a.m. and I
don't know if I should pull an
all-nighter because my flight is that
like 8 a.m. so I probably have to get to
the airport at like 6 so basically I'm
leaving my house in like three hours do
I do I go to bed I I don't know but I'm
packing right now so far I'm bringing
this bag as well as the one that I'm
bringing on the plane how I just let
myself I actually did really good on
makeup all I have is this this and like
this which is like not a lot for me I
haven't really packed toiletries yet cuz
I still wanna take a shower and like
wash my face brush my teeth all that
Bawa picked out some shirts here
some pants definitely won't be needing
all of them a bunch of sweaters leather
jacket some scarves some tech analogy
but I'm not done with that some PJs
that's inappropriate
ok and then I'm bringing like leggings
oh these are like leggings sweatpants
and like a few like workout pants all of
the
and more has to fit into this so we'll
we'll see how that goes
hey okay so I'm gonna end off today's
vlog here technically it is the 19th but
vlogmas day 18 and 19 are kind of
jumbled up right now because it's 5:20
a.m. so I technically just woke up but
really I just took an hour and 20 minute
nap um so I I'm running on one hour
sleep basically but my mom just came to
woke me up because I need to finish
packing I'm pretty much done everything
is fitting into my suitcase which is all
fine and dandy and I need yours you
could probably fit in there hop in there
maybe maybe oh let's call it so I got do
that and then I gotta get ready to go to
the airport so I'm ending off today's
vlog here and I'm probably gonna go
start tomorrow's vlog right now because
it's it's more in my morning it's right
now it's today so I will see you guys in
30 seconds but for you guys it's gonna
be like a whole nother day but goodnight
bye what is this I don't know bye guys I
am running on one hours sleep packing
right now
illusional ha
you
