just buying some Jesus candles just some
Jesus candles and some red Oreos you
know please excuse this I it's very pink
I don't know why but I'm doing something
so exciting right now I wanted to bring
you guys down here this is crazy
happy Tuesday guys happy Tuesday since
my vlog yesterday it wasn't you know my
best today I decided that I would make
the most of every moment today so right
now I am cleaning and washing my clothes
and it's just the best time ever I think
I'm losing my mind guys on delicate warm
/ cold medium so I'm about to go target
right now because I need to pick up a
few things I also need to get something
for Christmas because I'm getting a
little present for my entire family I'm
not gonna show that to you guys because
my mom watches my vlogmas videos so that
would ruin the surprise but I am picking
up a few other things so I will show
those to you almost forgot to mention um
visiting Aspen in two days what what I'm
today tomorrow and then I leave at like
8 a.m. the next day
so just Aspen update leaving in two days
dying I'm so excited okay bye guys there
is a temporary price cut on the cat food
that I get my cat so I'm doing some cat
food right now so excited I'm sleeping
like a dollar guys I'm having the
biggest dilemma right now I really want
one of these calendars that you put on
your desk so I found this brand and I
don't know if I want the bigger one or
the smaller one cuz I'm scared that this
bigger one won't fit my fit on my desk
no it has to right I don't know but this
small one is so cute so I just pumped
into one of my good friends Dan on
target just buying some Jesus candles
just some Jesus candles and some red
Oreos you know but I literally have not
seen him like since I switched over so
like it's so exciting okay well we're
gonna go now see ya yes I'm currently in
the frame aisle because I wanted to find
somewhere quiet to vlog in but my
dilemma has just gotten even worse and
struggle is very real right now so not
only do I have to choose between this
big desk thing as well as this one
I found these Wisie blurry come on there
we go
I found these two planners that I really
like it's all by the same brand this one
has like the monthly thing which is what
I like this is like what I prefer the
most but then it also has like everyday
planning and like notes on the side so I
really like this one but it is kind of
big because it has that and then I found
this smaller black one which literally
only has like the calendars in it like
as you can see it just slips right to it
so I kind of like this one a lot because
I like to organize my YouTube videos and
anything else that I have to do with
that method of planning but I don't know
I have four options right now and I
don't
I'm gonna get and then I also picked up
this thing which I really like it has a
to do side and it has little bubbles
which is nice because you can check it
off right away and then also there is a
two by side because I'm always
constantly thinking of things I need to
get for like supplies or food or videos
or something and then I forget because I
never read done so I like this and I
could stick on my mini-fridge if I want
kind of like my get done Urban
Outfitters to-do list and then I also
picked up my favorite pens these are the
ballpoint now smoother ink these are so
smooth and I don't buy any other pens
I'm getting some Dasani agua some
coconut agua and some smart aqua okay oh
and I also decided that I'm gonna get
four of these one is gonna be for like
school and like everyday and stuff like
that and then the other one I'm gonna
get it's going to be just for YouTube
videos and stuff because I really like
how this one's laid out okay I just
realized that one of the main reasons
why I went to Target was to buy a
lighter for my candles because I ran out
of all my matches and I forgot so I'm
mad but I wanted to show you guys
something that I got in the mail today
from Amazon this is the spiral vegetable
slicer so as you can see in the photo
you just like stick in any vegetable and
normally zucchinis are used on this but
you twist it and like little spirals
come out like that and I've seen lots of
YouTube videos on people making like
spaghetti with zucchini which i think is
the coolest thing ever and obviously
it's a lot healthier for you to
substitute for pasta you know unlike a
day that you're like feeling heavy and
you want something lighter so it is a
lot later in the day and I'm currently
because lights are
I took off all my makeup and stuff
because my eye is still red and like I
don't think it's pinkeye because I don't
have like that white goop like in the
corner of my eyes it's just like red and
like irritating I don't know it like
kind of hurts now but my brother is
trying to find some eyedrops for me and
hopefully it goes away by tomorrow
because I was planning on filming a
bunch tomorrow but I don't know we will
have to see about that nope that is an
alcohol cabinet but I'm also gonna look
for some food hello I think my eyes
actually I put eyedrops it finally cuz
my brother found some it burned burn
real bad but it's all good now but I've
been reading you guys comments and I'm
happy what is this hair doing I'm really
happy that you guys are excited about
the weekly vlogs after vlogmas and I was
looking at your guys's ideas on what I
should title the weekly vlogs and I
really like catching up with Claudia I
like love the sound of it and everything
except that is way too long of a title
because in all my videos I like to kind
of like briefly summarize what the video
is about that would be like a very long
title and I'm weird like that I don't
want that so I was thinking of doing
like C at UW C catching up with Claudia
I like that but then I feel like I'm
just gonna get questions about what that
stands for all the time for those who
just randomly found my channel or found
my videos or something or didn't watch
like the first video where I explained
it and I think that could kind of get
annoying to explain it every single time
but also a lot of you guys were saying
to do Claudia's life which is funny
because that is my Twitter and my
Instagram Claudia's life so so far I'm
thinking of doing Claudia's life because
that's a pretty short title
and I like that so it would be like
Claudius like : sittin in my room all
day that's basically what's always
happening you know what I mean
um so god I feel like every time I show
who I'm watching it's like the Shaytards
maybe not I don't know but I'm watching
the sheets right now three year old
cooks dinner before I end up today's
vlog I of course have to open up the
Edmund calendar so let's do that
oh yeah it's back in this spot because I
don't know actually
seventeen it's another lip gloss it is
an ultra plush lip gloss it looks like
this the packaging is actually really
pretty well I really need to do my nails
so I'm going to end off today's vlogmas
here i will see you guys tomorrow for
vlogmas day 18 wowza december is flying
by but I think I was enjoyed today's
video and
you
