hey guys it's a GD time mmm
yeah I'm about to go to Whole Foods
right now because I want to pick up
early know what actually guess we'll
figure it out once we're there I don't
know if you guys can tell but it's
snowing like crazy right now and I'm
just really done with the snow like it's
pretty and all but like this is too much
for me I'm literally buying the weirdest
things right now so first off I'm
getting a Caesar salad to eat for myself
right now
and I'm also getting at these as
snackable because the cheese in here is
so good so I love these getting fruit
I'm getting my mom some vegetable chili
I'm getting some green juice because I'm
too lazy to press my own right now and
then I found this which sounds really
good it's a gingerbread spice milk
chocolate I don't know that sounds
sounds good and it sounds Christmassy so
I think that is everything
fast forward ten hours later it is like
1 a.m. or something I don't really know
but I have been such a bad vlogger today
I don't know I just didn't vlog anything
that I did I went to the gym today with
Daria which is good because we had like
a little fallout so I'm happy that we
went today we're there for like two
hours it's funny because every time I go
to the gym I always end up bumping it to
someone from my old high school and
usually they're like peers that I was
really close with but never really hung
out with so a lot of them didn't know
that I switched to online school in
which by the way a lot of you guys are
asking in the comments like well I don't
go to school and stuff and it's because
I do online schooling I talked all about
it in vlogmas day 1 so you can check
that out but it's funny because I bump
into a lot of people and they're like
Claudia where have you gone like I
thought you got pregnant and like just
like stopped going to school I like some
people think I like moved or died or I
don't even know clearly they're not
catching up on my blog miss but anyways
it's just funny because I bump into a
lot of people and it's just like whoa
hey
but yeah I've basically just been power
cleaning for the past few hours because
I want my room to be spotless
when I come home from visiting Aspen
because I think I'm leaving in two days
I don't even know what day it is right
now and for those of you guys wondering
I'm staying at her place from the 19th
to the 23rd so I believe that's five
nights now I think it's four nights in
like five days or something I don't know
whatever but I want to have everything
like 100% organized and clean when I
come back just because I'll be in a
better mood so I've just been cleaning
for the past few hours and my room
didn't look that messy but it's just
like everything in my room has its place
and like nothing was in its place so
that's why it's just taking a long time
sorry I'm liking my sports bar right now
so just listen to some music getting
into it so before you guys started
watching this video you're probably
thinking what Claudia has a secret
closet yeah I actually have another part
of the house or I keep some of my
clothes and I'm working on cleaning it
right now so that's why I'm in here but
I just realized that I've never showed
this to you guys
ever not on YouTube that on social media
or anything like that and I think for
the most part it's because it's always
so messy in here so I'm always like very
embarrassed to show it like no one ever
goes into the serum except for me when I
have to like grab clothes or something
and I'll show you guys why because
honestly like you guys really see so
much of my life now like you as well
just see where I'm standing right now
but currently I'm in my older older
brother's old room there was a lot of
old a few older brothers Kevin and
Marcin and Marcin is the older one he
currently lives in New York right now so
I'm actually in his old room right now
and this room has kind of become half my
closet half anything that doesn't have a
place gets thrown in here so it's
basically like a giant just like storage
closet half Claudia's closet so I'll
just show you guys the whole thing I've
reached to the point where I don't even
care because it's just this half of the
room is never gonna change at least I
keep my I have clean but yeah I've been
working on this for the past few hours
so I decide to show you guys because I
feel like this vlog is been very boring
and maybe this is interesting for some
of you guys so let me let me flip the
camera as you can see my room is over
there and this is where this room is
that was a weird way of saying that and
this was my brother's old closet it's
got a lot of stuff in there we still
have to work on like what to throw out
and what to keep yourself but basically
I keep coats here sweaters here and like
casual pj tops and when you go this way
this is like my little little corner
where I keep a lot of my clothes um
obviously I keep my shoes here I got
this shoe rack from the Container Store
and then over here I got this clothing
rack which is really cool because it has
a bar that goes across and then a half
bar down here so you can store a lot
more clothing and you can also move this
thing side-to-side and like make it as
big as you want
and I got this from hot look a long long
time ago I'm not sure what brand it was
but it's really nice so down here I keep
all of like my son dresses sorry it is
so dark in this room
I keep like what is this doing here this
isn't even mine anyways I have a like my
son dresses and spaghetti strapp dresses
down there
I keep skirts up here and then this is
where I keep my dresses and then like
some longer maxi skirts and stuff and
this is what you see on the other side
of the room so this is exactly why I
have not made a closet tour or anything
like that because this room just has
been like this for a while and my mom is
probably gonna be mad at me for showing
this room sorry mom
but we're just we're being real here but
I wanted to show this to you guys
because it's all clean and pretty now
and I'm very happy
but I still have a lot of cleaning to do
probably not gonna go to bed until like
2:00 or 3:00 a.m. or something I always
do this I'm like this really weird
sleeping pattern where I wake up I like
12:00 and go to bed at like 2:00 a.m.
which is really bad I need to like get
back to normal human being
sleeping patterns I'm gonna have to work
out with Daria at like 9 a.m. tomorrow
or something to like match up with her
schedule so that's gonna force me to
like wake up early and then I'm gonna
have to go to bed early tomorrow so
that's gonna be good but oh my god my
arms hurting so bad I just filmed an
entire spiel for you guys which I'm
about to talk about right now but the
entire time I was holding my phone and
it was just very shaky my mind was just
super scattered and I was just
blabbering on for like 20 minutes so I
decided I'm just gonna repeat myself to
make it faster and were efficient
because it was just it was not good and
Plus it'd be a paint edit
so anyways today's video is going to be
a lot of me just talking because
obviously I didn't do my job and vlog
for you guys bye
I was thinking about this the other day
and I wanted your guy's opinion / help
so ever since I started vlogging this
day one I've been getting such great
feedback from you guys on my daily vlogs
you guys seem to really be interested in
my life even though it's not very
interesting I'm like a teenager who was
always home and always her mom but you
guys really seemed to enjoy my vlogs
which makes me really happy
because you know they're not like that
hard to do I'm just blogging my days
just so far this entire blog miss
experience has just been very positive
and I'm so happy that I did it but I've
also noticed that recently I've been
getting comments from a lot of you guys
saying that ever since I started vlog
miss you guys have felt just a lot more
connected to me on a personal level and
I totally agree with you guys because I
feel like on my main channel you know
you don't really get to see my true like
personality and humor if I have any
through you know like tutorials and look
books and stuff so onto the main reason
why I started talking about this with
you guys is I started to recently a
brainstorm about what I want to do once
Bloodless ends because I definitely I
don't think it's physically possible for
me to continue daily vlogging just
because it takes so much of my time and
kind of focus to do vlogmas and because
of that I feel like I've definitely kind
of been slacking on my main channel
which is the channel that I should be
putting most you know like effort in
time into I think what I want to do is
after bog miss I want to start doing
weekly vlogs which is where I vlog any
day I want to throughout the week and
then every single I think I'm gonna do
Sunday every Sunday I'm going to upload
and it's just going to be one video
compiling all of my footage from that
week so I wanted to get your guys's
opinion on what you think about that and
I kind of want to make it more official
and make it like a goal for myself so I
think what I want to do is do weekly
vlogging for an entire
you're straight so I'm going to take a
little break after vlogmas and then get
right into weekly vlogging in January
and try to do weekly vlogs for an entire
year and then once 2015 comes I'll kind
of figure out what I want to do if I
want to continue it or not or whatever
so for my last point I wanted to ask for
help from you guys I promise I'm almost
done talking but I want to have like a
title for my weekly vlogs and I'm having
troubles thinking of one I can't think
of like a cute and catchy one so I want
to see if you guys have any creative
ideas the only one that I really have is
BBS weekly and then I would do like :
and then you know have like a little
summary of what my video is gonna be
about so I'm thinking of BBS weekly as
in BBS standing for beyond beauty star
and then weekly but I don't like that
one I'd rather have one that has to do
with just my name Claudia instead of
beyond beauty star but I just I don't
know weekly Claudia like just I don't
know and it can't be too long either so
I don't know I just can't think of
anything so I want you guys to comment
down below if you guys can come up with
anything because you guys always seem to
have really creative ideas so I decided
to ask you guys but I'm gonna stop
talking you now and open up my epic
Hildur so let's open up day 16 oh this
one feels big maybe not oh it's a mini
sample of the hoola bronzer and I was
actually really enforces product to show
up in one of these boxes because I had a
feeling that they would put this in here
so yay I'm happy it says that the most
believable bronze which is so true
because it's like a matte bronzer so my
favorite
you
