yeah it's huge particle all my goodness
I've got to go to the mall first to get
one thing that I need because I need to
finish something today it's like a
little project which I don't think I
could talk about yet but I'm very
excited about it so that little project
is due today and then also have to get
ready because today I have the secret
santa party with my friends I'm driving
over to the ball right now and the
oddest taking selfies for Instagram I'm
rubbing off on her
all right I need a park so we are me and
I refuse to wear jackets ever I'm a
little free and so pretty all of these
cute shoes I feel like this is your
section yeah yeah just trying stuff on
on hmm and I found the shoes that I
needed
my god look who I found
Hey she ran away from me guys if I could
buy furniture from only one store it
would be Z Gallerie look at how
beautiful it is in here like all of this
so pretty no my mom told me that she was
in anthropology so I went in there and
before I started looking for her I like
took a few selfies in the mirror like of
my outfit and she wasn't in there so it
literally looked like I just walked in
took photos of myself in the mirror and
then walked out so this is probably
really boring to watch but this is also
pretty
you mean couch oh my god I have the
couch
it's the party couch yeah it's huge
party car oh my goodness are you
comfortable Claudia
only 4500 and it's yours here's you know
a funky right now but we're currently
shopping in in anthropology and I think
this is like my new obsession because
lately I've been buying a lot of clothes
from here and we used to go we started
going to an apology like ten years ago I
know I feel like I said come here when I
was like a little baby we were like
we're obsessed this story so I'm like
picking out a few things or the Style
section right now but yeah they also
have like really good like pajama pants
here as well like sweatpants yeah you
saw this headband this the same thing
had bent about oh well I don't know if
this would fit your waist personally not
mine it will it will on December 24th
right yeah how is your diet been going
with her I feel great
yeah she told me she feels really good
which is good I want like everything
from the store I love it so much
all so cute a few furniture from here
used to have like antique pieces it's
like I know yes
a huge clock do use it was from here yes
oh my god that big clock on our mantel
is from here okay well we're gonna
continue shopping
yeah thumbs up this video if you think
my mom looks cute goodbye you're gonna
buy it just come by
see these are the little coasters that I
got they come out of my colors I
recommended white boxes so we're going
home now that's and stuff yay and I I've
got like four hours to complete
everything I had to finish because I
have my secret santa party at six
o'clock so that's what we're doing would
you get from Duncan food don't they only
sell like breakfast food there yeah I
like these it's like soaking a clock
it's like you should probably get out of
your room I have a secret santa party
today okay currently filming my room is
freaking mas but sorry it's really dark
I'm using my Christmas tree as my light
source but I just finished with
everything that I had to do today but
right now I'm about to go to my secret
santa party my friends are about to pick
me up right now so I had to quickly
change outfits I've already worn this
outfit before in an outfit of the week
video it's just like a black quilted
skirt and like this high neckline
striped boxy shirt and then I just have
a jacket over from Windsor because it's
really cold and some black knee-high
boots and tights I don't know if you saw
that or not but I'm gonna vlog
and fried she's just putting emphasis on
their own survival
get this was planned guys
you should shave your eyebrows off today
oh my god the food is finally here Nelly
do you have like anything to say for
yourself what do you think is it warm
it's all to be done by the time we did
Secret Santa so we all had our names
like Anna can you pull them out
about using it and hate somehow like
thought she got Lucy as well so she
bought music impressive Adriana was left
with no present but she ended up getting
Keynes
and it was fine what is she giving out
there is so naughty
nice cute faces so I'm home now and it's
very late like maybe when I am 12
I don't know but I want to open up my
effing calendar and then end it off
adventure that which I can't talk and
end off today's video because I'm super
tired that's it's a posy tint I really
love this one actually it's like
Benetton but it's like a baby pink color
and it's really pretty a pop of petal
pink I'm gonna end up today's vlogmas
here so I will see this
you
