you so much hi guys welcome to vlogmas
day 14 it's actually five o'clock p.m.
right now and I'm editing a video for my
main channel as you can see here I'm
doing that my room is a complete mess
now wonderful I probably look really
tired right now because hey mom be cool
today has been one of those days where I
just set the computer all day cuz I've
just been working on videos and stuff so
my eyes like burn I'm currently editing
on my vlogmas thumbnail or day 13 I also
just uploaded my protein bar recipe
video which I work done all day today
and I'm really happy with how it turned
out so that's really good you're happy
about the Christmas tree yeah yeah let's
go
that's a lot of ornaments looks really
pretty I'm glad it took us 13 days to
put it up hop explain yourself 13 days
surprises trees and debt that is like 25
lemons left 20 left do we have any more
space on this tree every single year my
mom hides the pickle ornament in the
tree do we did we brick did it break
last year I got a place now you replace
the pickup a little bit she already hit
it so basically you buy a pickle
ornament and someone has to hide it
within the tree and then on Christmas
Day the first person to find it gets to
open up the present first
yes and she's gonna be blessed unless
all the air who found it last year I
feel like it was me yeah I guess I think
it wants me
well thanks mama shall we this one is
sick look at that it's like fire do you
have any life advice for today you're
awful at this you could be like be happy
work hard anything
thank you nothing yet your preparation
to Christmas before even Thanksgiving
because you're always out of the time no
that is your life advice I know okay
okay
and action yeah to have your own
tradition and a Christmas oh that's you
know my mom recently bought some brownie
mix let's get cooking are we having
dinner you guys already had dinner my
family and like has dinner without me
all the time this is like a daily
occurrence
pork chop with what several like cheese
do you have any left no I took the
picture of it no peasants mom I already
got your present mother what that's what
I missed out on oh my god mom you're so
inappropriate I all right well we're
gonna get some bacon and I'm gonna find
myself a dinner to make because you know
my family didn't make me honored a
wonderful
hate you so much cute mom cute look at
how cute my parents are oh he made he
made my dinner today if you still kinda
like move why are you using this tone
because I want to maybe it's my favorite
ball huh yay oh I went shopping and I
bought this bottle glass bottle this is
Claudius just my mom goes Claudia I'm
gonna do something for fun what are you
gonna do have fun be careful don't come
home too late don't drink and drive
don't say don't talk to strangers
good luck out there a birth oh I feel
like they're all just gonna fall to the
edge
look at that you guys are currently
watching my vlogmas through live your
Elizabeth blackness through my vlog miss
miss inception if you guys don't watch
Lauren's vlogs um I don't know what
you're doing because they are the most
entertaining vlogmas videos so you
should know what ok let's open up this
Evan calendar day fourteen is it mascara
it is the bad gal lash mascara
I just realized all of these
travel-sized makeup items are perfect
for when I visit Aspen which is
happening in five days oh my god I'm so
excited it's currently 2:00 a.m. and I
realized that I didn't vlog an outro
like in my last August video so this is
actually what I'm going to bed and I've
been sleeping in a hat for the past
couple of days because it's so cozy it's
just as fuzzy a black beanie I also have
my retainer in right now don't worry I
wash this thing like 1000 times after my
mom found it well that is it for vlogmas
day 14 I'm gonna go to bed because I was
just about to go to bed but then I
reminded myself so I will see you guys
tomorrow
you
