the COO took out the ornaments finally
after having the street for like 12 days
good morning my momma starina what your
demands on the table and I Kitty has
just being sexy and stuff yeah hey and
she just put the light top Oh looks cute
it's cool the breakfast I'm making some
perfect fit protein waffles good morning
guys good afternoon it's like 1 o'clock
but I'm going to at the mo because I am
returning a few things exchanging a few
things and then also I need to buy some
stuff for an upcoming video and I have a
secret singer party with my friends this
Sunday so I have to pick up my friends
gift but yeah I'm really tired I'm
probably missing my friends tonight
since it's Friday so that will be
exciting because you know my life isn't
very
so I didn't end up vlogging at the mall
because I was alone and there was really
nothing to vlog about but I got home a
few hours ago and I just finished
getting ready so I wanted to show you
guys my outfit because I'm going to eat
your honest house right now and then
we're probably gonna meet up with the
rest of our friends and I don't really
know what we're doing yet but this is
what I'm wearing I'm wearing my vs. from
forever 21 jacket from my Cara
Delevingne video and then I got this new
shirt today from Urban Outfitters it's
really cool it has like white leather
and then like grey on the sides and it
like looks like that I got these new
beige colored jeans from H&M today and I
really really like them and then you
guys can see all my trash and then I'm
just doing some black booties and my
purse from forever 21 are trees then
they coming to get their yeah I know
and then I ditched you yeah squat lift -
squat lift yeah I see I see
look at how cool this ornament is so big
so I just got to eat John's house and
Friday night building a Rube Goldberg
machine she's doing this as a project so
I decided to somewhat help her out right
right okay we're gonna set this up and
try to show you guys a moment of truth
let's see if this goes you know the
whole point was to get the ball in there
cuz there's a little T in there was that
the first time it fully worked so
Adriana and I have been driving before
yep the past 30 minutes around our town
trying to figure out what to do because
you know just three people it's too much
it's too much
three people is too much to get invited
somewhere but to the twos okay and we
have someone else meeting up with us
Michelle we're like in forever house
right now so I know I guess we're going
to have a girls night in um so we'll
probably like he eats of course maybe
like some Christmas movies or something
I don't know whatever but it's all good
because your Rube Goldberg machine works
twenty bucks
it doesn't work on the day we presented
no no what watch the video I swear
you're my teacher you like put a
projector screen and we'll logically
wait he knows me I had him he knows how
my youtube you know you loved me oh my
god I'm going beyond beauty here TV
check it out it worked
so we're waiting for Michelle right now
and then we're gonna go to my house and
then I will vlog once we're there
right now wardrobe change I'm in my
pajamas and we are watching the holiday
right now we've got a little tree right
here I just dropped my phone okay so the
movie just ended and I'm actually
watching it alone now because it's
actually 2 a.m. right now so my friends
had to go home I can't wait through but
smoothie gets me every time just reminds
me of how single I am it's just it's
wonderful very very good movie if you
guys haven't seen it before definitely
recommend I'm currently in my dad's
winter coat because I was cold of course
all right I need to go wipe her off poor
thing advent calendar time
let's open up day number 13 oh another
non make of the item is this bracelet
bracelet necklace not really sure ankle
it possibly that's cute
you
