you better work off that pajama party
that's right that's right good morning
everyone and welcome to vlogmas day 12
so right now I am about to make some
juice
explain to them why you're the best mom
didn't you make it sound like I where'd
the baby to you here you go
it was in that okay so yesterday I put
my retainer into like a little napkin
cuz I was like eating breakfast and I
guess I accidentally threw it on the
garbage can unless I was like freaking
out trying to look for it like
everywhere in my room and in the kitchen
stuff and my mom was like alright well
yeah you probably threw it out so this
morning she checked in the garbage it's
over already in the garage in the big
like garbage bag I'm so happy I was
about to call it oh I was about to call
my ortho today to like buy new ones or
something that was hard to find yes
because it was a lot of garbage wasn't
happy ending right yeah I spy a little
kitty
okay it's really funny because like my
mom could kind of sense when I'm gonna
stop recording like right now I just
like looked in the mirror and I was like
okay okay so my mom she's like okay okay
I'm like why do you you know what's
happening she's like yeah hi what are we
about to do right now no idea really as
my mom's Christmas present she asked me
if I could help her pay for her Botox
because she wants to get some Botox on
her forehead right right here so
actually we're getting that done right
now because she like wants to office my
cheeks yeah she's so nervous she wants
it for the holidays and stuff and a lot
of people have mixed emotions about like
Botox and stuff but I really think it's
a big deal I mean you're a grown woman
you can do whatever you want and all
you're doing is getting a little bit on
your forehead yeah like it's so that's
gonna be like part of her Christmas
present for me so we're doing that now
and I'll be witness yeah I'm gonna vlog
it for you guys so if you ever wondered
what it's like to get Botox here's the
video to watch but we just got done
doing some other things you just
kind of running there it's doing chores
yeah we're literally
I didn't know I was wrong
oh I'm so upset because Yatta she came
why your name is viata and my name is bi
she came late we're currently at you you
with dr. both Adamic and her nervous
mama look at me I'm like shake she's
blushing she's nervous
my mom's just loving this look at her
little face this is such a popular
procedure mm-hmm it works for everyone
it's very simple and we don't want to
overdo it because then you look like
that's cured so it's better to do less
and look better other than erase all the
wrinkles enough surprised no just
kidding I hate you
the way I was that Frisian yeah I'm good
okay the weeks yes ask me in a few hours
oh wait did you have my vegetables what
a sweetheart
yummy mmm wait do we have apples yes
okay my back haha I give you this pizza
today Pizza we've had a slice left your
mother knew Kevin ain't really healthy
but when there's pizza in the house like
her weakness its wine and champagne my
weakness is pizza sorry what
oh yeah yeah I can tell the difference
actually good a nice finish so since I
had cold pizza today I'm really not like
that full I mean that's not the only
thing I ate of course like I don't show
you guys everything that I do you're
like Claudia juice tails and onions
loose right there good I'm actually
gonna have a little bit of that too but
I'm gonna make a juice mum you want some
yeah you want some you want some you
better work off that pajama party that's
right that's right
like my mom hates reading out so like
what anytime we like bring it up she'll
do these little jugs I'm like that
doesn't do anything doing that for 10
seconds will not make a difference
look at me I just lost like a pound
within a few minutes so I'm gonna put on
make a juice with some carrots some
celery some beets pretty much like what
I always it's all good yeah oh my god my
heart just skipped a beat
so pretty much same thing beets apples
but I'm gonna throw in some spinach this
time cuz we didn't have any last time
and then also I'm gonna put in some
lemon and ginger hi and like for some
reason yesterday I like I used ginger in
my juice for the first time yesterday
and I didn't know how much you're
supposed to put in so I literally almost
put in like how much I almost put in
like half of the entire thing and I was
like mom is this new music ginger she's
like you are gonna want to puke get it
just look at that means oh my god smells
so good what kind of fish
we are live professional here cooked
onions are like the best thing ever
you'd think that they'd be really bad
but they're so sweet when you cook them
nope nope she's not having it this is
what I'm a cat person so let's open up
add a number 12 in our advent calendar
oh my gosh
I get so excited when it's from this
collection so this is the total moisture
face cream I'm seriously obsessed with
this line I have my retainer in right
now so sorry if I have a lisp or
anything but it says dry skin craves
total moisture I was actually thinking
of trying this out as well because I've
been really liking the eye cream a lot
of you guys asked about that I think we
got that and yeah stay number three so
I've been really liking the eye cream
and I'm totally gonna use this tonight
because I have not put on my face
moisturizer yet so it's currently
midnight and I'm watching some vlogmas
videos right now I am watching Miss
Megan of vlogs and my face looks really
oily because of my moisturizer but yeah
I'm not wearing an makeup on right now
this is as natural as it gets I was like
really seductive I'm gonna end off
today's vlogging this video here because
well I don't think you guys gonna watch
me watching two videos so I will see you
guys tomorrow
you
