hey guys so you're probably looking at
the title right now and thinking Claudia
why didn't you vlog yesterday why is
this not a daily vlog I'm so
disappointed myself but I did not vlog
it all yesterday it was just not a good
day to vlog there really was nothing to
vlog so even if I did it would have been
really boring to look at so this video
is probably gonna be more entertaining
than me just sitting here and talking to
you guys but I told myself even though I
did not like yesterday I still want to
upload every single day until Christmas
25 videos in a row so that's why I
decided to do this tag ish child video I
don't know it's like a thing right now
so I decided to do it but I did want to
mention that this is probably the first
and last time that this is ever gonna
happen
because I was just very upset with
myself and I told myself that this will
not happen again
I will be daily vlogging because you
guys really like my daily vlogs and I
know that that's what's going to make
you guys most happy so let's just get
right into today's video so for today's
vlogmas i will be showing you guys my
Christmas wish list because a lot of
people have been doing this recently and
i've been getting requests for it too so
if any of you guys have seen my past
what i got for christmas videos then you
would know that for christmas every
single year i normally just asked for
one thing and that will be like my big
and main present and then i let Santa
kind of choose whatever he wants to
bring me I don't know why I've always
just been like that I like to ask for
one thing and then just have everything
else be a surprise just because I think
that's more fun for me rather than
knowing everything that I'm gonna be
getting so I think that's why I get so
excited about Christmas just because I
don't really know what I'm receiving so
that's like the best part of it for me
but today I'm just gonna list a few of
the things that I would like to get and
hopefully you guys can get some
inspiration from this video on maybe
what you want to ask for for Christmas
so this year I'm actually asking for two
things because I really want both of
them so I'm asking for
both the first one is the Nike FuelBand
bracelet in the battle down in the rose
gold edition and obviously if you guys
have been watching my vlogmas videos and
you would know that I've recently gotten
really into just eating healthy and
working out and staying active and I
really really want to get me a Nike
FuelBand if you guys don't know what
that is it's like a little bands that
you always have on your wrist and it
connects to an app on your iPhone so
it's always connected and basically like
as you're going about your day moving
and exercising and stuff you like gain
points and it goes on the app and then
you can set goals for yourself so I
really want the fuel band because I
think it'll be a great way to kind of
motivate me to get active and stuff and
the rose gold edition is beautiful guys
they come in many different colors I
wanted to originally I wanted the black
one but then I was on the site and I saw
that they had a rose gold one and it
actually looks like really pretty and
like really cool-looking but that's the
first thing that I'm asking for this
year and the second item I want is the
Marc Jacobs I had the sample where'd it
go well I had a sample of it but I lost
it I think it is the Marc Jacobs Daisy
like fresh perfume oh so fresh or
something something I don't know it's
like baby pink and that's pretty much
all I know about it it's the same
perfume that we got for Daria for her
birthday if you guys saw yesterday's
vlog but it's that perfume I really
really wanted for Christmas
and I have the original Marc Jacobs desi
perfume and I really like it so those
are the two things that I'm asking for
this year and then I'm just gonna leave
left Santa kind of you know figure it
out but I did want to mention a few
other things that I think I would
appreciate so the first one is really
cool and unique teas because I'm really
into tea and I think any cool teas from
like Teavana would be a really cool gift
because those are more on the expensive
side and I'm never in the mood to buy
like a $20 tea like I'd rather buy like
a $5 tea from Target or something so I
think like really fancy fancy teas would
be really cool and I'd appreciate that
and going along with that like topic and
stuff
I think mugs would be really cute my
family and I have been collecting like
really cool and creative mugs for years
and years and years know so I think we
always like buy each other months and
stuff that's kind of a thing for my
family but I love like any unique or
quirky like mugs and stuff um what else
would I want I did not prepare for this
video
I feel like this type of video is so
strange I'm just sitting here like I
want this and this and this please give
me this um let's see
Oh candles I think candles are always a
really good gift I love candles
especially Bath & Body Works ones of
course while I'm thinking I'm gonna open
up my advent calendar because I brought
it over because of course we can't miss
the advent calendar
so let's open day 11
since I'm filming this on December 12 I
look specifically avoided all the
vlogmas videos that show what's in these
because I didn't want to ruin the
surprise for myself so what is this it
is the bad gal minor and what I think I
own this one actually yeah that's so
cute
I like wasn't expecting that at all I
really like this okay just the camera
maybe like little makeup kids or
something I'm like I have so much makeup
I don't need anymore
got a mouthful of this video I don't
know so I guess that is it for today's
video because I can't really think of
anything else that I would want for
Christmas so that is why I want comment
down below and tell me what you guys
want for Christmas because I would love
to hear what you guys want I think it'd
be really interesting we can you know
like have a little discussion in the
comments section know so let me know
what you guys want down there because
maybe you guys would give me some ideas
too but I'm only gonna really ask mmm
what am I saying
I don't know so I'm gonna go now I hope
you guys enjoyed a vlogmas day 11 woo I
promise tomorrow this video is gonna be
a lot more exciting because I've already
logged a lot today and I some some
pretty good footage so it'll be more
exciting than this
but I hope you guys enjoyed it and I
will see you guys tomorrow
you
