look at how weird that looks the I thing
that sucks is you have to wash this
thing right away after using it
otherwise it's even harder to wash off
look at how much like leftover there is
so I made two juices today this is the
same one that I made yesterday it's
really pretty red color and then this
one I experiments it a little with and
it tastes really good it has green
grapes in it celery and kale I believe
and I think that's it yeah and this is
like a really pretty green juice I need
to figure out a way to like store these
juices because I'm using a teapot and a
bowl so I need to get some pictures or
something look who's ready for the
Victoria's Secret Fashion Show mom
you're not supposed to have champagne
whatever you're only cheating yourself
mom tonight my mom and I are going over
to Dario's house my aunt's house and
we're having a little pyjama party for
the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show
because we're all gonna watch it
together
my mom is forcing me to put on some
Victoria Secret pajamas this is like our
version of the ugly Christmas sweater
like family thing like for us it's like
these yes the s CSPs yes and also East
20th birthday yeah it was George's
birthday this past Sunday we but we
smell so good ladies box it's so pretty
my mom's like hold up wait look at that
guy's she'd die if you guys have never
smelled this before
I recommend yeah so great Christmas gift
wink-wink nudge-nudge wait wait I have a
cuter a cuter wrapping paper for that oh
my god that looks so bad I don't know
but I don't see anything
on this camera oh wait are you writing
my jet right now oh my goodness
Oh cameras decent a pretty basic camera
I'm sorry I love you and I do have a
life to proseccos white wine in Caracas
this is what my crazy
Tuesday night speed up to this is what
the others
Tuesday night sweet up to I was tying my
mom she must be really excited to go
because she's literally going 50 miles
per hour on like oh she's regular
neighborhood stroking scaring me look at
there's candles it's the most romantic I
guess like what forever no other tree is
so pretty I feel like I should take a
photo now this is the time when I take a
photo look at us in our pajamas
just finished watching beautiful girls
well we're eating cheese and crackers
yes carbs they sell your heart of Maine
guests of the snack evening okay but in
all honesty like we were both pretty
disappointed in the show this year
like I think they did a wonderful job
with the costumes I think with some of
the pieces especially like some of them
are really cool and like I'm not
different but as far as like the whole
scenery like all they really had was
just like a screen that was changed and
literally the screen that's it and some
slide shows I still really enjoyed the
show yeah they came over to my house I'm
sick unshowered on deodorant but the
unbrushed my teeth
doing my homework studying for finals at
night probably pretty much like 8:45 I
just hear like surprise my mom my mom
was like Claudia you should like film
Dario's reaction when we first walk in
because she didn't know that we're
coming gosh it was like I don't really
know if I want to do that right up he
walked out right when I killed you are
you just woken up basically even though
cuz I've been hibernating all day same
girl same cuz it's so cold here it's
like is 7 degrees outside so we've been
tricked while we already drank past
tense we had some sugar cookie tea of
course
teeth it might actually be normal for
them tea a religion of the art of life
disability please blow cups so I got
home about an hour and a half ago I'd
say but I just finished cleaning up my
kitchen and doing the dishes because we
haven't done the dishes in our house in
a very long time in our kitchen was
really dirty so my dad came home he was
in a really bad mood so I wanted to
surprise him so that he'd wake up to
like I'm Nessen dishes made I just
quickly wanted to take a minute to think
clean and clear because they sent me a
little surprise package today I did not
know that it's coming in the mail and
it's like a little throwback Thursday
package and first let's just start off
with the box the box itself is adorable
but they sent two well one movie in one
TV show the first season of full house
which I haven't seen in so long so I'm
really excited to watch these episodes
again and high school news call of
course and I forgot little pair of
shades some facial cleansers and scrubs
and exfoliator a Ring Pop and their
morning bursts of body wash which I
really really love I actually finished
entire bottle of this recently so that's
very exciting so thank you so much clean
and clear I am so excited to watch these
and yeah I thought that was a really
cute package so I want to show you guys
of course we cannot forget the advent
calendar so let's open up day number 10
and it is a mini Porefessional primer
this is actually one of my most favorite
face primers that I like to use so I'm
happy about that and it says your secret
weapon against pores so that is it for
today's vlogmas video I hope you guys
enjoyed it and I will see you guys
tomorrow
bye
you
