yeah credible I can do it all we've got
all the supplies for Cameron's video
this is a lot I don't know what's going
on macho doughnuts it's a good don't
show my shot Leon oh my god it's no good
very sweet green tea are you writing
labels for Cameron's video is that a
real question this is my assistant
Lauren yeah you guys think we're dating
I should have guessed I should have
guessed I really did I was so impressed
well I didn't I was like Claudia I have
this great idea yeah and the last one
arrives what is up you guys welcome back
to my channel basically we're doing a
Collette thank you so much back there
we're doing a bunch of claps today and I
thought you know what
hey let's just do it behind the scenes
video of what it's like with your
favorite youtubers so here we go
just eating if you actually got it I did
it oh you're gonna be so impressed with
me
the only 18 YouTube is the thing I mean
homegirl got like extension cord hot
plates I'm feeling feisty I can put on
my mink lashes Peugeot makes the
whiskey's and mink now why and like look
at the difference from those two beads
we're doing a pancake art video on
Rebecca's channel and I was so excited
wait so is it little just sitar we're
going to share that giant cup way I'm
Cameron I would bring in my good friends
today but they're best friends so
they're all closer friend spend 12
seconds later okay this is not gonna
happen and that's the end of the video
thank you guys for watching it was a
great angle
dun-dun-dun-dun here's the aftermath I
literally look like I threw a party look
at all of the live-action conversation
craziness going on yep yeah challenges
first one to look up from their phone
wins ready set go
we're gonna work on Rebecca's video now
dude this is the cutest little thing
ever
are you serious oh my gosh so you guys
can probably guess what we're doing we
are making pancake art but it's gonna be
like pictionary kind of we are just
having so much too much too much fun
I'm excited all right I'm about there
show them of the big reveal ready guys
ready ready ready if I was a kid I would
love that for breakfast for sure 100%
I'm out beauty
as you guys can see I have gotten ready
for the day neck up I just showered and
put makeup on all that stuff it's like
an awkward time of day right now because
I've already had my breakfast and I'm
about to head out to like an early
dinner
so I'm hungry I guess this is called
lunch the early dinner is throwing me
off that's what's happening I'm gonna
make myself a little smoothie you guys
have 1,000% seen me use these before
this is a daily harvest smoothie it's a
delivery service that sends you little
super food frozen smoothies straight to
your doorstep all you do is follow the
steps on the little cup on what to do
all of them take like maybe 30 seconds
I've tried like the cooking meal ones
too so those you just like dump it on a
pan and cook it we're gonna be making
this one I'm just let me just show you
guys what's happening in my freezer okay
all right so welcome hi this drawer
right here is labeled my daily harvest
bin when it goes empty we get restocked
basically they have so many different
flavors they've also got Sundays if
you're feeling deserty overnight oats if
you want to prep your breakfast the
night before pumpkin chai whoa which one
do I want to do I know how much I like
the pumpkin chai but I've never tried
the try coconut we're gonna do Czech
hope that that's we're gonna let me just
pull them up real quick because I don't
have examples to show you guys but the
variety of what they have is just absurd
smoothies harvest bowls soups lattes
that's new thing so excited to try that
overnight oats Chia parfait is Sunday's
my favorite thing ever is when you
scroll over each smoothie like you can
see what its gonna look like and you see
what you're actually getting like inside
if you guys follow me on Instagram then
you'll be able to tell that I've been
working out like crazy and taking my
health so seriously lately so I
definitely plan on doing like a what I
eat slash my workout routine lifestyle
change whatever video on my main channel
but these are straight-up something that
I go to so so often but
my team was like Claudia hold off on the
hype they want to work with you hold on
until then so yeah genuinely I'm such a
big fan the reason why I'm such an
advocate for these is a they're super
cute obviously this literally matches my
apartment but also everything is like
super transparent and simple clean easy
to read you've got all the ingredients
and like also I would never think to
make the type of smoothies that you can
choose like this one the freakin main
ingredient is zucchini I never put
zucchini in my smoothies I do like the
same like four ingredients every time
zucchini coconut cauliflower dates
cinnamon hemp protein MCT oil Chia spice
vanilla and Himalayan sea salt yes I am
down for that but I am NOT down to make
that myself and get those separately as
you can see there's little seal it's
frozen they're all in there you can
choose whatever liquid base that you
want I like to use almond milk and you
just fill it up to the brim dump it in
the blender let's go do it
pour pour oh I'm sorry
how perfect was that Wow the universe is
lined everything is going as it should
my favorite part is then you just pour
it back into the cup the little lid has
a little hole and you stick your straw
in um ok high-class smoothie okay I need
to sort of if you guys want to try out
daily harvest I 1000 good jillion
bazillion Chris said recommend trying
them out because they are so so healthy
and I'm genuinely such a fan like the
biggest fan I'm so happy to be sharing a
promo code with you guys if you want
three free smoothies off of your first
order and just go to daily harvest comm
slash Claudia and use the code Claudia
at checkout super easy super simple get
on this now the link and all the
information will of course be in the
description box it'll be right down
there I'm gonna go carry on with my day
and stop talking alright I'm done I'm
done
watch watch me leave I'm going bye
here's a little OTD for you guys I feel
so girly and like youthful right now
I've been all about the dresses this
denim jacket is from Topshop and I'm
obsessed with the crop
and kind of like the oversize to fit
this dress is from Realization par I
showed it to you guys in my newest haul
on my main channel but it's long sleeved
so it's gonna give me some warmth
through the night but honestly the
weather has been pretty awesome and warm
there's a sleeve then this little purse
is from Urban Outfitters and then lastly
I'm just wearing some black heels
mideast uh ladies dinner ladies dinner
oh my god in our favorite ladies the
classiest lady look at skinny fries did
it land on your sweater no one likes the
camera okay I'm all about the crispy
just finish editing this vlog and first
things first black hair what is going on
it probably looks a little strange right
now because my eyebrows aren't filled in
and I'm looking a little pale also it's
only demi-permanent
aka it's going to like fade out and
stuff right now it's just super intense
because I got it done yesterday but
we're gonna talk about that in a
different blog I'm just here to say
goodbye thank you for watching I'll see
you guys soon bye
