hello klog miss quad miss quad miss
summer Claudia Claudia summer the Glover
and that was the montage what did you
call it
plumber its plumber with Claudia hey you
guys this is how absurd I am only I
would show up with a bottle of kombucha
with a little it's my snag my snack you
know who else is my snack you see that's
why I brought a beverage cuz you're the
main course no you're more than a snag
never ever ever think you're just an
appetizer yeah ever nope bitch I'm the
full-court number five course meal
you're the five crabby Elvis you're the
buffet I'm the milkshake to be
true this is your new house yeah
who lives in this house with you Olivia
O'Brien international pop star right and
fashion icon / mother of the household
we're all dancing
I definitely just freaked out I find it
so funny that every time you take like a
little teeny break it's always so weird
coming the first clip it's been a second
a little bit we're gonna talk about that
because I've had a week oh is that how
long it's been since I bought anything
so when I get into something that I like
or I go through a mood or a new interest
or something
I tend to get really obsessive like I
just keep doing it until I like suck all
the juice out and and then it just
continues that's kind of like what this
past week has been for me for the past
week all I've really been doing is
watching a ton of movies reading
writing researching watching interviews
like literally just absorbing so much
and wanting it to continue last week I
was hanging out with Beck at her place
we were talking about you know acting
industry all that stuff and one of my
frustrations that I expressed to her was
that like jumping into this with no
experience no education nothing and just
all of a sudden being taken so seriously
about it I mean I've been acting for
like less than two years books a few
things got an agent I'm being thrown
into rooms where I'm like I should not
be in this room
these are really important people and I
still feel like I'm just sliding by
without any knowledge and like
foundation to my craft and confidence in
acting and it's like this weird
frustrating thing where like all I want
to do is take classes and freakin act in
place because I've never gone to theatre
as a kid like I wish I did that in high
school so bad middle school whatever
programs I had available to me at the
time but then that also kind of makes me
think about well oh if I did that and
recognized this passion that I have for
acting at a younger age maybe I would
have never started my youtube channel
then I wouldn't be here and so like I
can't regret anything that did or didn't
happen because I'm very happy with her
I'm at obviously and like who knows
where I would be if I didn't start
youtube in seventh grade yeah so I can't
be mad at myself for not going into
theater and doing all of that at a
younger age I guess one thing that
freaks me out is that I jumped into this
so quickly and I'm sitting in the same
waiting rooms as actors who have been
acting since they were like nine years
old ten years old whatever and I'm over
here like yeah I'm a two year but
because I also have my YouTube channel
and that is an entire career on its own
and so balancing all of that I don't
really have time to like go to school
for it necessarily I don't know I'm like
looking into stuff but like I can't
commit to like a one month class where
you meet once a week but then you're
supposed to be meeting up with your
scene partner in between all of that and
studies entire scenes but like I just
like can't commit to that because every
single month there's always something
that like I have to travel for or
whatever and so I think I just like got
really frustrated last week and I was
like ah I just want to show the world
that I respect this so much and I want
to learn as much as I can I mean
obviously all the projects that I'm
doing are also gaining experience that
I'm learning so much from that too so
basically for the past week every single
day I've just been watching like so so
many interviews I signed up for Kevin
Spacey's masterclass and powered through
all of that I was like sitting here like
taking notes that was wonderful really
highly recommend that I've been watching
at least one movie every day there were
it was like a day where I watch like
three in a row like the way that I'm
tackling things is I'm choosing like an
actor and like watching all their work
and watching one-hour radio interviews
and and like just like 40-minute
interviews and stuff with them talking
about how they prep for the role and all
that stuff and it's so so fascinating to
me right now am I like a Jake Gyllenhaal
kick because I think he's incredible and
he's so disciplined and so dedicated and
like the preparation that he goes to
into his role are crazy
you're so insane yeah literally on my
to-do list today I'm gonna watch I think
it's a good girl or good girl it's with
Jennifer Aniston and Jake Gyllenhaal so
that's kind of like mentally where I'm
at right now and it kind of like really
really took me out of youtube for a
second like I didn't I didn't upload a
main Channel video last week because
honestly I was diving so deeply into
this that like you dude wasn't even
crossing my mind and I couldn't even
think of any ideas that's that's kind of
been that I need to do more research as
far as like what resources I have
here because I know that there's like
seminars where maybe it's like three
days in a row and they're just intensive
for I don't know like workshops I don't
know I need to like figure that stuff
out and just continue to do it because
if I want to be taken seriously and if I
want to take this seriously I know that
like I can't only act when I have an
audition or when I booked a project like
you're supposed to be continuing to put
your hours in and flex those muscles
because then when you get a crazy-cool
audition and you're like I've been done
this in like a few weeks you know so I
just need to make that a bigger priority
for myself because this makes me
feel so like nervous and alive inside I
just like I hadn't cared about something
like this I think ever in my entire life
probably when I first started YouTube I
kind of like had this same feeling
obviously like that kind of fizzles down
because you know you get into habit and
like I've been here for a while I don't
know I just had that feeling again
and you can probably like sense from the
screen like this is waking me up right
now so that's kind of why I like it took
a little vlog e-brake because honestly I
was just sitting on this couch like
writing stuff down typing stuff watching
movies walking around my apartment
trying out different model logs and like
whatever I just felt like that would
have been really really lame vlog
content so yeah that just didn't happen
this morning was my first time working
out in like two weeks I'm just I need to
like be a human again so we're getting
there I think I'm like a human today so
it's okay oh let me show you guys
something cuz you know home decor
furniture that's a thing that I talk
about in these bugs that you enjoy so
let me show you guys since stuff yeah
first of all how cute is this little
notepad I got this from a little gift
shop on largemont
which is like a street out here and yeah
I just love the like little leaf pattern
so I got that I got this little notepad
set as well and I like how they're like
different little things because I love
buying down random thoughts ideas quotes
whatever movies songs just like sticking
them all over my apartment so I really
like this whole little thing okay and a
my second nightstand came in the mail
yesterday and so yeah now it just it
feels really nice I need to figure out
if I want like lamps this plant is
growing so much higher and faster than I
expected it to be so I think I'm gonna
have to like pot it like a cute little
like floor thing or something and just
let it grow I don't know but it's
getting too tall calm down
and let me know what you guys think I
should do on these two nightstands I'm
thinking I could do like identical lamps
um maybe I don't know I also got this
adorable little note list pad wait let
me just flip it there you go oh my god
it's so cute I love this stuff also
finally picked up the five minute
journal I've heard so much about this
and I don't know why it took me this
long to finally try it out I was in the
Hamptons with Laura and she was raving
about it she just started it in the
beginning of the book it tells you the
whole point of it what it does for you
mentally chemically all that stuff here
I'll just flipped like random page
basically every single day you write
it's called a 5-minute journal because
it only takes five minutes you fill this
out in the morning and then you fill
this out at night you write three things
that you're grateful for what would make
today great so three things that you
have control over that can make today
good daily affirmations I am and like
here you're supposed to write whatever
you want to be so let's say it's like I
am confident in my body and skin or
whatever like you write it down because
that's what you're trying to like
manifest and then at the end of the day
you write three amazing things that
happen today it could be as simple as
like a stranger smiling at you and then
how could I've made today even better
and so you just write something down
there I'll keep you guys updated on that
but I'm really excited to like keep
writing in this thing also I decided
that I'm gonna hang this mirror up here
cuz it's so pretty and I think it just
worked so well and and yeah it brings
just like some nice light into this wall
space area so yeah you know things are
coming along which is great sorry I'm
just being so chatty right now but there
was one more thing that I wanted to
mention and recommend to you guys cuz it
helps me a lot I love it there's this
one YouTube channel literally forgot
what it's called I just subscribed to it
I'll have it like linked down below but
basically this guy goes through tons and
tons of interviews from different like
actors entrepreneurs just like
successful well-respected people and
what he does is he takes snippets and
chunks of their interviews and
categorizes it down to so-and-so's ten
tips to being successful or whatever and
like he kind of like orders it and like
whatever does the whole thing if you're
ever feeling a little lost a little
unmowed
highly highly recommend just watching
one of those they're all so great
yesterday I watched Anne Hathaway's and
I love her I've watched so much of
Ashton Kutcher's interviews and stuff
he's good on there Steve Jobs like he's
got them all and so yeah just take some
time watch one of those videos you'll
probably get sucked into like a black
hole of more interviews that's what
happens to me but highly recommended it
like makes you feel really good and it
reminds you like okay wait like let me
just like take control of my life real
quick I feel like also everything that
I'm saying to you guys right now makes
my Instagram makes so much more sense
three days ago I just like randomly
posted this photo that I wrote out which
says don't waste your mind on the
mindless app just to like quickly read
the caption I said every day you are
exposed to news entertainment new
information music knowledge ideas
distractions etc that impacts and stays
with you be mindful of what you're
choosing to absorb and put your hours
into how much time you spend on your
phone each day what are you scrolling
through is it worth dumping into your
unique remarkable brain it's so easy to
give into mindless materialistic and
low-grade distractions that satisfy you
temporarily or worse strip you from your
individualism acknowledge no matter how
small or large the things that you care
about and spend your limited hours on
that ask questions be curious become
such an expert you'll be able to run a
one-hour lecture on that single idea our
topic stimulate your brain with
challenging obstacles and beautiful art
there is nothing more fascinating than
seeing someone genuinely care and feel
so aesthetic about something seek for
the good and fulfilling don't get caught
up in the and yeah that got
such a good response from you guys a lot
of we were like I needed this at this
moment thank you so much and I love when
that happens like I love when I tweet
out some random thought and you guys are
just like oh my god that came at such a
good time I guess also I mean this has
been happening ever since I like really
moved out on my own and really wake up
and look at my days as like okay how am
I gonna spend this day I have this many
hours this much time before this meeting
or this much time whatever and like I've
just become so picky and so precious
with how I'm spending my time and who
I'm spending it with and it's so weird
cuz like I think about right around this
time last year and I would spend so many
hours just like scrolling through
Instagram like stalking people like
looking at girls and how their bodies
were perfect whatever but I feel like
once you
finding stuff that you just love
researching about and getting into and
whatever it's like outside of all this
like I was sharing with you guys my love
for like animal documentaries like
that's something that I care about I
love that stuff and so I you know watch
like the hunt and whatever when you
start finding that stuff some of the
things that I used to care about so much
and I thought were so important now in
my head are like the silliest things
ever
obviously there's pros and cons to
social media I think it's so powerful so
much positivity could be spread and news
and all that stuff obviously I mean like
I'm literally an Internet child and my
job is on the Internet you're watching
this right now this could be considered
social media there are a few comments on
my Instagram they were saying well
Claudia your videos are kind of mindless
like you talking about clothes and
whatever so are you kind of like
contradicting yourself and I was
thinking about that and I was getting
upset because I started believing that
and I was like am I literally
creating a career based on mindless
content that isn't improving anyone's
lives are changing anyone's minds I
think it's all balanced because also at
the end of the day like you need to have
those breaks and have time off and so I
don't think there's anything wrong with
like finishing your homework and then
wanting to watch like a YouTube video of
someone's or something I think I was
kind of more talking about like the like
mindless just scrolling you know you get
sucked in on your phone 2 hours later
you're like what did what was the
purpose of that I think that's kind of
what I was going with not to say that my
videos are revolutionary or anything but
I do think like at least my vlogs and
stuff make you guys happy and so that's
enough for me to be like okay I feel
like I am giving back in some sort of
way and it makes me happy too that's
huge that's important I love making
videos cuz it just like puts me and I
just like spilling all this right now
it's helping my brain wrap around a lot
of stuff too so mentally this is very
beneficial let's talk about this now
comment down below what are your
thoughts I feel like I didn't really
wrap this up in a in a nice little bow
but maybe that's the way to do it keep
it open-ended whatever you guys talk
about whatever you want but yeah I mean
like besides posting the stuff that I
have to to keep up with the social
presence and whatever cuz you know ya
gotta do that you gotta you gotta stay
in the loop but like besides posting my
own stuff I have
really been on social media and it's
been like a very refreshing just Pete I
don't know I don't know guys I don't
know what I'm saying anymore
I never like start my day you know
I just finished editing the footage that
you guys just went through I'm very
happy about it so I'm actually gonna end
the video here cuz I felt like you know
it was getting a little long I will see
you guys weren't even very soon I love
you all so much thank you
nuts yeah
