Kevin you realize that is my shirt I've
been looking for that shirt good morning
guys and welcome to vlogmas day 9 I'm
about to head out to go to Target
because today I'm getting a juicer I
decided that I wanted to go for round 2
actually this morning I had a smoothie
just because I'm working on it 2 o'clock
and I wanted something like thicker to
fuel my body with not just juice so I
just made a smoothie with some almond
milk a banana and some frozen berries
and yet I'm also gonna stop by a local
like grocery store to get some fruits
and vegetables because the ones that
whole foods are very expensive so I'm
gonna show you guys my Alfa is a because
alright why is this so unfocused hello
ok I want to show you guys my Alfa say
because I get requests on that a lot
yeah you wander you're off the vapors
yeah you got to do a spin anyways
so how many distractions my parka is
from Free People
and it's really thick and heavy so it's
good because it's very snowy and cold
outside and then I'm just wearing some
thick black leggings from brandy
melville my little black booties from
Windsor and this striped sweater from
Nasty Gal
I want to say hi no she doesn't want to
say hi oh I have to use give me this you
were walking away from me I have to go
wipe off the snow on our car because
it's snow like that I changed my shoes
put a glove on let's do this
I don't know why I'm talking bye Kevin
beautiful other side oh and I get a lot
of questions about my car
this is actually my mom's car I don't
have my own car yet I plan on buying one
at for my 18th birthday next year
because I've been saving up for one so
to answer all of your questions there
you go so I'm currently letting my car
heat up so I decided then it's gonna
talk to you guys but I totally realized
that I forgot to mention on vlogmas that
I'm actually visiting Aspen hot
brilliants here on YouTube this month
and I'm so so so excited because in
October I believe she visited me for
like five days and it was like the best
thing ever I seriously just have the
best time with her but this month I'm
visiting her so I get to see where she
lives meet her family and all her
friends and stuff so I'm so excited and
today actually marks ten more days until
I see her so I'm going to be staying
with her from the 19th to the 23rd so
I'm getting home the day before
Christmas Eve but I'm so so so excited
it's going to be so fun especially for
vlogmas because you guys see us together
and we also really want to make
gingerbread houses one day we're gonna
like you know flog that and stuff so
that's gonna be really fun but I am
going to head to Target now because I
think my car is done heating up let's go
get my juicer I hate driving snow
when it's like not shoveled and why did
I think vlogging was gonna make it
anymore okay do you want to see that we
have so much snow on our driveway so
it's like and then there's this tree
back here and I almost hit it like every
single time I back out unless I like
maybe turn I really don't want to hit
that tree hi guys I'm currently in the
blender and juicer section and I don't
know which one to pick
I like did some research last night so I
might go with the juice bullet because I
have the nutribullet and I really really
like it so I'm thinking of going with
this one and it's only $80 which is like
I mean they're all kind of $80 actually
this one's less expensive so that makes
me worried if it's if it's worse that's
how I go about buying things the more
expensive is the the better quality
which is kind of true actually so I
think I'm gonna go to juice bullet and
like figuring there's only one out here
like I'm taking it as a sign okay guys
today is a great great date because one
of my favorite teas is the yogi caramel
apple spice tea and it originally was
called to the snack time t target wasn't
selling it for the longest time so I
like just figured I'd never see it ever
again but they recently changed the name
for it to slim life see it says right
here formerly snack tees so they changed
that up but I'm so happy because I've
been craving this for so long
so yes okay so I want to get on a more
serious note with you guys cuz I like
just did it and I reminded myself but I
know that a lot of my viewers are like
younger and especially girls too but
obviously it the world is filled with
very many bad and dangerous people and
one of the most popular places to get
kidnapped or anything like that is in
parking lots so I quickly wanted to
bring this up if you ever go to your car
after you're done shopping or something
and there's just like a guy sitting
alone in a car right next to you like
let's say by the driver's side obviously
that doesn't always mean that they won't
hurt you or anything but it's better to
be safe than sorry so if you're ever
like you know getting into your car and
there's
like someone alone in the car and it
just like looks sketchy and stuff going
through like the passenger side of your
car and then just like jumping over the
middle section is always safe I like
read this post on tumblr that like said
a lot of things about like this topic
and like I don't know it's just it was a
nice little like wake-up call to
remember that you should always like be
aware of your surroundings and stuff and
also it said that when you're like when
you get into your car after shopping or
whatever don't just like sit in your car
like definitely lock the doors
but don't just like sit in your car and
text or something like that like leave
the parking lot as soon as you can don't
just like wait around for no apparent
reason because someone can easily just
like put a gun to the window and be like
open the door or something like to be
serious and I don't mean to scare you
guys I'm just looking out for you and I
you know I have a fairly large like you
know viewer audience so I thought that
it'd be a good idea to share this with
you guys but just a little tip for the
day so quick grocery store haul I'm
getting some apples some kale some
carrots
green grapes and some beets I think I'm
gonna do the apples beets and carrots
because I saw shaycarl juice that and he
said it was good so I'm gonna do those
and then I also have to get some Kleenex
for my mom but she wants the kind with
lotion in it corneum ha do they clean in
here it's really nice guys this is the
real the real life we're finally going
to good girl sick but I'm going but
she's still going she's a trouper
finally going and I'm so excited because
I have so much energy from all that
deliciousness juice that I've been
drinking ok so I wanted to get this on
camera ok so I got these ice cubes
arctic grape gum pieces ok anyway so I
got that ice breaker gum reaction so I
want you to try a piece and tell me what
it reminds you of you know the gum
that's like tape I almost made a good
thumbnail but I was like she's gonna say
I feel like that might like scare the
viewers away not attract them alright
we're going to the gym piece I just got
home and I want to show you guys how
pretty it looks so we've got lights in
our backyard now too
over here I'm currently opening up my
juicer we're gonna try this sucker out
alright so I've got my juicer all ready
to go so I'm gonna put in three big
apples a beet and four carrots I guess
we'll have to see how this goes
so here we have our final product and it
tastes really good it tastes really
sweet from the apples so I decided I am
quitting the juice cleanse for dinner my
mom is making salmon for dinner and
that's mostly the smoothie today so it
wasn't like official you know
alright I'm using my phone so it's not
the best quality but here's my salmon
I've got some green tea and my mom made
some cucumbers hey that's like your
catch line blah blah with vodka she's
having separation anxiety right now I
forgot to emphasize on my cup but from
California right it's a little Yorkshire
Terrier Kevin you realize that is my
shirt I've been looking to that shirt
both of you where like all of the
clothes and I it goes missing here like
a year like everywhere I know I'm
currently rapping at my generation
beauty t-shirt if you guys are wondering
it's like really tight for some reason
trying to show my muscles obviously but
let's go open up the app and calendar
we're gonna accept the fact that I'm
never going to move this thing it is
always gonna be able my toilet and just
in case you guys are wondering at my
toilet seat is always down so these will
never fall in the toilet but let's let's
open up day number nine ooh that Kel
face primer oh my gosh I've actually
never tried this before so I'm really
excited to try it but it fails that gal
prime yourself for it pretty I'm pretty
sure Aspen always talks about this face
primer I may be wrong I don't know I
would have recognized it if I saw the
original packaging but I'm pretty sure
she always talks about it so I'm excited
to use this it's like 11 so I'm gonna
end today's vlog here because I'm really
tired but I've been stalking graveyard
girl for the past like two hours she's
like the funniest girl in the entire
world which makes me happy that cute oh
my god you guys are definitely a
screenshot to me that to me okay wait
hold up a sec oh I chose the worst
marker for this hey guys
my name is calab this highlighter smells
really weird okay the fact that I'm
gonna put that on the Internet is just
it's great well that is it for today's
vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it and I
will see your beautiful faces there
doesn't someone say that on YouTube I'll
see your beautiful faces later like Sam
Potter or for something something I
don't know I don't know okay well I will
see you guys later goodbye
you
