I can't do this anyway but so I just
spoke up and it's snowing good morning
guys and welcome to vlogmas day 8 I am
starting my day off with juice number 1
because I'm doing a pressed juice
cleanse today if you guys watch my
previous vlog in this video which I will
link in the downbar but I'm starting off
at glow and I'm just gonna go by the
order that it is oh my god so I found
this photo on my dad's computer and I'm
pretty sure it is the first selfie I've
ever taken so I just posted it on
Instagram because it is the funniest
thing ever like look at how serious I
look in it by the way if you guys don't
find that Instagram I years name is
Claudia's life my twitter is also
Claudia's life but this is the kind of
stuff that posed yeah since all of you
guys have been requesting to have this
little lady's face in my vlogmas videos
she's been singing and you guys seem to
be really upset that she's not in my
vlog alright peace out guys I like your
hat yeah you look fabulous is the tree
up yes I'll have to vlog that when I get
out of bed but right now I'm watching
you can produce fake Christmas cookies
with Tony and Joe the trees up we have
to find the from because it hasn't like
it has a bald spot they know they know
where's the box back here one and the
other we always put our trees and these
and this pot thing every year
cuz it's different and my dad is he
putting lights on the tree cute cute
maybe a little bit no I know it's gonna
say like whoa you're gonna twist the
tree all by yourself she's like yeah I'm
just gonna twist just kidding about to
have my third juice of the day which is
the purify one and it's got all that
stuff in it I already had my second one
like an hour ago I would say it was the
carrot one so going pretty strong
feeling good feeling good I'm drinking
my fourth juice and I'm watching
Nightmare Before Christmas this is like
one of my favorite Christmas movies ever
and I just say I literally hunt this guy
so much I wanna slap in movies I wish
they made a movie for every single door
because I would watch all of them
I just think today has been like Emo's
uneventful day ever
currently watching one take Sunday with
the Shaytards I wanted to update you
guys on my my cleanse my juice cleanse
um like I want to eat so bad and it's
like it's so sad because it's literally
like it's not even been a full day and
I'm just like I want food I don't know I
like randomly I think I was like
watching YouTube video and like someone
brought up Panera and I was like oh my
god Caesar salad
I just love Caesar salads as of right
now definitely do not want to continue
this tomorrow I guess we'll have to see
what happens when I waked up and how
motivated I am going to be feeling
because as of right now I want food so
bad it's just like I enjoy eating it's
fun and like drinking juices is not fun
but they taste really good um I've had
four juicers already so I get to drink
two more and it's let's see it's 7:30 so
I think I'm going at a good pace but
yeah you can also like drink water and
stuff and I'm also allowing myself to
drink tea I only drink one cup of tea
today and I didn't have any water so I'm
all I've had is a cup of tea and for
juices I'm not really hungry like that's
not the issue at all I'm actually like a
really full and it's weird but I just
like
to like chew on I can't do this anyway
but I'm about to drink my last juice of
the day and this is the coconut almond
honey cinnamon and nutmeg it's called
vanilla cloud it's my favorite
before I open up my advent calendar I
quickly wanted to show you guys the nail
polish that I put on today I'm feeling
so festive with this color this is from
julep and it is in the shade Hotch is
that how you bounce it I don't know
anyways let's open this up highlight of
the holidays it's a little mini hi bean
so so cute
hey hey hey it's 11:20 and I'm about to
go to bed a what all I really did was
just work on some schoolwork catch up on
some YouTube videos and that's pretty
much it so I want to give you guys a
quick update on this whole cleanse thing
and honestly it was pretty easy I mean I
did have a little fallout you guys saw
where I like really wanted to eat but
then I kind of got over it and I really
like I'm not hungry
but I'm not really sure if I'm gonna do
it tomorrow yet like I said previously I
guess I'll just see how I feel tomorrow
morning but as of right now I think I'm
gonna do it because it was very very
easy today I definitely feel like I
could do it again and I know that if I
stick it out for another day I'll be
pretty proud of myself so I don't know I
think I can do it really wasn't that bad
I don't really like leave the house so
much or anything so it wasn't really
around food so I think I'm gonna end off
today's vlogmas here because I want to
go to bed and get a good night's rest
because tomorrow is going to be a lot
more productive Jaya and I have already
planned to work out early in the day
because we had this little like break
point period of time so we need to get
back into the swing of working out
everyday and also I have a video on my
main channel that is going up at 9 a.m.
central time tomorrow so by then that
video will already be live so I will
leave that linked in the down bar so
that you guys can watch it but I'm very
excited for you guys to see it because I
think it turned out really cute so I'm
very happy about that but that is it for
today's video I hope you guys enjoyed it
and I will see you guys tomorrow
you
