oh do the class what do the class Wow
yes no I'm sorry
good morning I made myself a little
veggie omelet with some mini peppers
some broccoli Slav I don't know I just
found in my fridge and I thought it'd
work well with it and some 100% liquid
egg whites you guys see that that is how
cold it is here in Chicago I'm fake
smoking guys no just kidding don't smile
don't do drugs it's not good for you
kids I wanted to quickly show you guys
my dinner I just got some from Whole
Foods that's not the healthiest thing
ever I got some girls vegetables on this
side these are eggplant slices and some
stopping and stuffing really is it
healthy at all but i don't of it so i
really need to get back into filming
earlier in the day because so far all of
my vlog misses have been starting at
like 7 o'clock a dish but it is 7:20 and
I'm about to go hang out with my friend
Lucy which was in my vlog yesterday
she's babysitting right now and I'm
joining her but I want to go open my
advent calendars let's go do that number
I can get it out ok oh this color is so
pretty it's like a peachy pink gloss in
the name of love
oh that's so pretty I really like this
color I'm bringing my sack with me
because I'm bringing like teas and
treats and stuff cuz we're gonna have a
really good time Oh dad look who
decorated the tree today see this is
what I was talking about I don't know if
you guys can tell but yeah all of these
ornaments like just kind of look like
oldish and antiquey okay some of these
kind of looking newer I don't know but
that's what it looks like
hello's on chillin here with lucy and um
whereabouts watch apparently eating a
dark chocolate covered pomegranates
along the 35 other desserts this house
is loaded guys it's not good no
self-control and some dark chocolate
raisins this is my version of a healthy
snack I try I kid you not Lucy knows
every single word in this movie with a
tribe of asparagus children but they're
self-conscious about the way their pee
smells
I knew you had elves working here
literally kill me oh my god guys buddy
is wrong BBS is gonna try to recreate
the scene you're about to see
boom there it is
yes Wow she thought this is like gonna
be easy like she had sounds like tries
to start doing it oh do the class this
but do the class
Wow yes no I'm sorry it's a no from me
so the movie is over and now I'm about
to leave what time is it I was just
gonna read some kinds of my new video
and drink actually oh my god so casually
skipping my ad with my face on it I am
such a dork but you know what it's cool
so I felt like flogging it oh and by the
way I wanted to say thank you for all of
your sweet comments on my new video that
makes me very very happy and it makes it
all worth it so thank you as you guys
can see I am home now um and I wanted to
share a quick struggle that I have with
you guys because this literally have
industry every single day it just
happened to me and I was like hey this
might be interesting to share with you
guys so for my main music source I like
to use Spotify just because it's really
convenient and whatnot but sometimes
Spotify doesn't have all the music that
I want to listen to like remixes and
stuff so I'll just take like the mp3s
off of youtube and put it on to iTunes
literally every single time I listen to
something on iTunes this is the kind of
stuff that plays after the song finishes
to summarize my iTunes library I've got
like maybe like a handful of you know
like pretty mixes and whatever some
normal music and the rest of it is all
just like background music all of these
like cheesy ukulele acoustic sounds and
stuff and I feel like it's just like
such a youtuber problem I'm sure so many
youtubers can relate to me with this but
this is like my iTunes library like let
me just give you guys a little you know
a little sample of what my computer
consists of it just it never ends it
never ends no it's just really funny
because I'll be listening to like a
really good like upbeat song you know
like cleaning my room getting really in
the zone and then you get like said
guitar music playing afterwards so it's
just it's a really big struggle of mine
it really pains me so I felt like I
should share it with you guys and I'm
like totally going spread-eagle right
now I feel like it's just a really
awkward position but yeah oh I want to
share something kind of exciting with
you guys and I'm sure half of you will
be like Claudia I don't care but I'm
into this kind of stuff so I feel like
half of you are gonna be like Claudia
you are absolutely ridiculous but you
know what we all saw this coming
okay it was bound to happen so I was
just doing some grocery shopping at
Whole Foods today what else is new
honestly what I mentioned my love for
the Suja juices to you guys um some of
you were like Claudia why don't you just
get the variety packs that they sell
it's less expensive than getting them
individually which is so true so all
right you decided to do that today and I
was actually looking at their website
and I realized that these six pack
variety whatever things these are
actually meant for juice cleanses so
you're supposed to have six juices in
one day and that's basically how the
cleanse works so tomorrow I am actually
going to be doing the Suja juice cleanse
I have tried doing a juice cleanse
before it was like 75% successful I
forgot what I think my mom made like
some gingerbread cake thing and it just
it really ruined did I was just not in a
good environment and you know I couldn't
say focus but I'm really gonna try this
time so I'm gonna do this juice cleanse
tomorrow because I'm not like trying to
like lose weight or anything but I
really really love juices like they make
me feel so good um I'm sure any of you
guys that like to juice or buy juices
can relate to me but you feel so amazing
when you drink like Presta juices and
stuff you just feel so good and also I
like kind of get a lot today and like I
just feel very heavy and bloated and I
really just want to have this little
cleanse so that I can just kind of
cleanse out my system and like you know
feel light and healthy and good and let
that I don't know so I'm gonna do this
all day tomorrow and then I'll see how I
feel and I may do it for like another
day or something plus I saw shaycarl do
it for five days and I was like oh my
god I'm totally motivated so he kind of
inspired me and to do this but I'm doing
it tomorrow I will definitely vlog my
experience with it I'm actually thinking
of getting a juicer soon because buying
juices is pretty dang expensive so yeah
I think I want to get like a juicer and
start making my own pressed juice
because in the long run a you save a lot
of money so I think I'm going to end off
today's vlog here because I just I don't
know you know I just you guys probably
don't want to listen to me anymore like
ice it's gotten to the point where I'm
talking about juice cleanses since I'm
already down here in the crouched
position I thought why not give you guys
a little mini fridge tour I need to
clean the top of this it's getting dusty
so first off I got a get done to-do
list
then we've got to Apple sauces these
have literally been sitting here for the
past two months maybe when do these even
expire okay we've got a year they will
probably still be here by December 2014
I've got two to Apple sauces my cute
little juices some grapes and nothing in
there I'm gonna end off today's vlog
here because I've pretty much ran out of
things to say to you guys so that's
that's how I justify it okay I will see
you guys tomorrow for tomorrow's vlog
goodbye
you
