hey guys welcome to vlogmas day 6 I
can't do it on one hand now but it's
actually like 8 o'clock ready and all
day today I have been editing and
uploading videos and I finally finished
everything that I need to do I finished
my video that's going up on Monday and I
uploaded a video today but I'm about to
go hang out my friends which I haven't
seen in so long because like I said
before I have no social life and it's
really hard for me to meet up with
people so I'm doing that right now but
yeah I'll try to vlog once I'm with them
and stuff but I've been sitting on this
bed all day today I'm really happy
because I uploaded my look for less
video and all the comments so far are
really positive you guys really enjoyed
the editing and the video and stuff and
that makes me so so so happy because it
took so much time to make that video and
I'm also very very excited for Monday's
video because it turned out really funny
and entertaining like the intro is so
funny so I cannot wait for you guys to
see that but yeah my friends about to go
pick me up right now so I need to finish
getting ready because I'm like running
all over the place
am i snapping I don't know ok
greetings for the grocery store head
just about that celery we hit some
lettuce go I wanted dogs just thinking
hey this is Lucy by the way hey guys I
just wanted to get a nice veggie platter
I thought it would be a positive
it feels okay let's describe the
eggplant it feels a lot lighter than you
think it with you oh okay what do you
have four dollars and a seashell
why do you in the seashell because they
brought this wall into a rubra I'm
really rich I four dollars in the
seashell latisha
what's up video club you sir I'm doing
but you're allergic to this I'm shocked
why yeah hey everyone so I'm going
grocery shopping today already what's
out in the aisle so I'm gonna get some
nobody cares so I just got home
no but I've just been watching some
YouTube videos and comments and stuff
and I just realized that the only boy
that I vlog with today was Kyle I
promise he's not cool back he doesn't
just hang out with all girls but yeah
today was just a very interesting day we
like went to the grocery store one point
because we needed to get a ride
somewhere and like that was the meeting
point whatever uh-huh so whatever I had
fun tonight it was good because I don't
know when you switch from public school
to online you know you don't get to see
your friends as often you go from
literally seeing them every single day
to you know only once a weekend but I'm
always constantly like working on
YouTube and stuff during the weekend
because it's like the prime uploading
time for me and stuff so it's kind of
hard for me to like meet up with my
friends and stuff but it just makes it
all that more special when I see them um
so yeah now that I have this extra bit
of time before I go to bed I think I'm
gonna clean my room real quick because
um still I'm not really looking so good
I also have to open up my advent
calendar but I'll do that before I go to
bed I
won't forget I won't yeah okay it is
advent calendar time so it's about a
number six what is this oh it's like a
little brain thing that's adorable
yep pray let's get good oh my gosh it's
so cute I didn't know that they were
putting in non make up items in here too
so that was really cool surprise but
that's so cute
rabbit I'm thinking I want to make my
night a little bit more festive so I'm
going to make some sugar cookies sleigh
ride tea and I tried this for the first
time yesterday I believe and it is so so
good if you put two tea bags into one
cup and a little packet of any like
sweetener I use I think trivia or stevia
one of the two I don't know which is
just like a natural sweetener but just
one pack of that and two tea bags and
one cup and it is so sweet and amazing
and I really really love sweet things
I'm huge sweet tooth so this stuff just
hits the spot for me and I love it oh my
gosh guys I came down here to make some
tea and look at how cute this looks like
this actually looks like it's out of a
movie or something
but this is my TV room I strive at my
kitchen and we always have a mini tree
right here because it looks really
pretty outside since there's like a big
window and we like to call this the
antique tree because we always put
ornaments on here that are like antiquey
they're all like not cracked looking but
like rustic and old looking they're very
pretty
but clearly my mom hasn't put them on
yet so I'll have to vlog that once we do
but it looks so pretty I love
Christmas lights makes me happy okay
back to my teeth I've got my sugar
cookie tea and I'm going to end off
today's vlog right here so I will see
you guys tomorrow for vlogmas j7 wow I
cannot believe it's already basically
been a week it really doesn't feel like
it's been a week that's crazy but I'm
having so much fun with these I hope you
guys are as well my stomach just growled
I don't know if you guys heard that but
I'm gonna end up today's vlogger here
and I will see you guys
for disand shut up I'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
you
