mom why are you so hot I like a good
morning everyone and welcome to vlogmas
day five
I'm currently drinking this Master
Cleanse thing it has water lemon maple
syrup and cayenne pepper so I have to go
to Target today to pick up a white shirt
or like a white tank top I don't know
because it's the last piece for my look
for less video and I couldn't find any
shirts at the mall yesterday like I
don't know why some hoping that target
has something similar but basically I've
just got a lot a lot of filming and
editing to do today so really tired but
I woke up with my spin me a bit so it's
like a like sponsored by them but now
I'm really obsessed with the app so I'm
currently in DT aisle and I already
picked out but a sugar cookie sleigh
ride and
Candy Cane Lane one else I've got sores
of course they come here for one thing
and into buying like 20 but oh my god I
used to love this tea the vanilla chai
black tea oh my god
I'm getting it so I'm currently in the
process of filming my hair right now I'm
curling my hair but this is my view
right now I just burnt my thumb just
finished my day what's that from
so I decided that I wanted to make
myself a little snack so I'm gonna make
my protein bar things except I didn't
work out today and I already had some
protein packed foods earlier today so
instead I'm gonna substitute my usual
perfect fit protein with some cacao
powder so I'm about to make that right
now and then I have another scene that I
have to shoot for my video but first I
wanna eat so that's what I'm doing right
now
mmm looks like a little patio poop let's
see what Fiat is doing be honest my mom
saying case you guys haven't caught on
yet looking sexy mom why are you so hot
I like
I've been looking for these gloves I
swear to God everything your room is
just a black hole with all my things in
it yeah alright have fun I want to show
you guys something oh my god who does
that look like now this is a painting on
my mom I don't know if I've ever showed
this to you guys but doesn't it look
extremely like her
so pretty I just posted an Instagram
photo and I'm replying to comments
hey mama
yeah where's my love you guys don't love
me anymore the only reason you guys
watch these vlogs because my mom yeah I
don't have to tell her you know oh my
what lies lies she's a lot see she even
knows that her name is Francis no she
loves me more she loves me more don't
even try what are you gonna try to bribe
her with some milk it's not happening
it's no that is so unfair why is this
phone ringing because I'm so popular
it's a group chat I don't know what what
yeah you lucked in the cart you bought
food and you forgot it in the cart I
just finished filming my outfit and my
mother helped me so thank you
50 cents please now it's time to so much
goodness
I'm having some salmon and potatoes and
this is what I had yesterday a lot of
you guys asked about it but it's pasta
with crabmeat and peppers right and some
radishes radishes and then my dad my dad
he's like some kale well I'm going to be
I'm not eating that I started editing
this vlog in this video because it's
going tomorrow
and I realized that every single time
I've logged outside of my room were the
only times that I left my room today
which is really sad but I'm just in
another van mood because my room is so
messy as you guys can see and I hate
hate hate having a messy room like I'm a
very big perfectionist like everything
that I do or like anything that's mine
always has to be like perfect in my eyes
so especially when it comes to like
being organized and cleaning stuff and
I'm just like I can't work or clean in a
messy room but I don't have time to
clean my room so I'm trying to work on
this video and the editing on my look
for last video is taking a lot longer
than I thought it would and the ending
is still kind of sucky I don't know if
I'm gonna like change it up or something
but like the health apart just like oh I
don't know I feel like I didn't get in
the footage but it's like too late for
that
so I'm very behind with YouTube right
now I had to push back my other video
that was awesome to today and I'm gonna
have to complete that tomorrow like
early and the video I'm talking about is
my last maybelline video because I was
in the recreate that runway program
because I went to Fashion Week and we
had to make like 5 videos for the
program every two weeks so my last one
is coming up next Monday but it was due
today and I just didn't realize that the
video I'm making right now is taking so
much time so I'm just like uh I don't
know my eyes just burn I'm staring at my
computer screen I think I'm gonna turn
on like three or four songs and see how
much I can clean within that time just
because I want to take a quick like
break for my eyes and clean my room
because it's like it's really bothering
me so I think I'm gonna do that yeah I
couldn't even work on schoolwork today
because I've just been doing you to be
things so I'm gonna have to do like
don't be school board this is why I no
longer have a social life it is very
true and sad but I also love what I do
so it's okay why am I going my bathroom
I don't know I'm gonna turn this off now
oh wait I didn't do my D Phi thing hey
that's why I was going in here all right
day number five still haven't found a
better spot for this thing
I'm totally gonna follow me penitent
a little penitent bottle that's so cute
what it says penitent sexiest flush you
can get from a bottle so cute I love
this thing so much so I think I'm just
gonna end off today's video right here
because I'm definitely not gonna be
doing anything exciting within the next
two hours I'm just go to editing and
cleaning um so that is it for day 5 and
day 6 better be better than today's and
yesterday's vlogs because I will
probably get everything done and then
I'll have more relaxing hopefully I
could work out too because I'm feeling
so gross and sluggish right now so that
is it for today's video
