hey everyone welcome to vlogmas day 4
I'm really feeling like today's gonna be
good day uh so hi mama over here we're
going shopping because I need to pick up
a few things for a look for less video
that I'm filming today so we're doing
that right now
daily advance idea
daily motivation take your vitamins guys
there you go hey what's going wrong it's
okay you could join us here I forgot to
ask you but how is your new healthy
lifestyle going for December so far so
good
I'm very proud of you if you guys do my
mom she loves her wine and her like
champagne all that stuff Pinot Grigio
she's all up on that so that's good
mm-hmm you have no desire for it anymore
yes I'm praying to a few dude I feel
amazing especially my drink though just
those juices okay mom I'm gonna give you
a little pop culture quiz okay so let's
see how up-to-date you are with
everything there's one direction
who's Harry Styles
well he's a part of the band but yeah
and he texts can you believe it guys who
what Harry Styles never texted me is
going on drinking mother yeah
wait I'm so confused wait why did you
just say that Harry Potter has texted me
before
no because you asked me you said you're
gonna quiz me yes and you ask you some
names and I make up the would be nice
and funny just like that hey listen guys
anyway okay do you know what twerking is
okay well that's it for six quizzes but
you did good except for the Harry Potter
part I don't know if that was I don't
know where that dad from for me yeah
alright we're in this parking garage and
I wanted to show you guys this because
it's really cool but above every single
thing there's a light and when there's a
car in the space it's red
when it's empty it's green so you can
see some of them are green so I thought
that was really cool and it's very
clever and very helpful yes and we're
finally here it literally took us like
30 minutes to get here because we had no
idea what how to get here but put it we
both got really upset but well I want to
do a quick little bath and Bodyworks
hall because I got a few things and I
did get a few things from forever21 for
my look for Less video so I'm not going
to show those yet but they were having a
sale for the hand soaps it was 5 for 15
which was like a crazy amazing deal so I
got 5 first off I got vanilla bean Noel
which is like a classic I also got
frosted plum berry next up I got winter
candy apple ice Gingerbread and the last
one I got was warm vanilla sugar because
this is my all-time favorite scent from
Bath & Body Works I have realized and
then I got two more things I got the
warm vanilla sugar body lotion because I
ran out of my body lotion and I also
decided to try this sleep pillow mist
and this is in the lavender vanilla
smell so basically what you do is just
spray your pillows before you go to bed
so I'm excited about this one
sup bruh what are you making hello guys
so today has just not been a very good
day I've logged while I was like really
upset earlier today and I decided that I
was not gonna put in this video because
it's all just like negative negative
I want these videos to make you guys
smile not cry but today has just been
not a good day because I'm just really
stressed out I have a lot of things that
I have to do that
or do tomorrow I don't know it kind of
sucks like I love making YouTube videos
and editing and all that stuff but when
you make so many promises to so many
people it just doesn't get fun I don't
know so I have two videos due tomorrow
that need to be uploaded tomorrow
one of them is gonna go live I'm
actually here I'll show you guys it's
actually looking really cool it didn't
turn out as best as I hoped it would but
I mean I don't really have time to fix
it but it looks kind of cool I don't
know so it's just like me drawing and
stuff and then I'm gonna have like video
clips in there I'm pretty sure that
video is already gonna be up at this
point yeah because this is gonna go live
tomorrow but I still haven't finished
filming because I need something I don't
know so many freaking things went wrong
today
it's just been a bad bad bad bad day and
I'm also kind of bummed out because I
can't work out today or tomorrow just
because I have like so many other things
that I need to focus on let's just open
a day for uh see now I'm paranoid
opening at this thing oh my god they
have words on them what wait I haven't
been reading them alright this one says
mistletoe here I come it is a lip gloss
I don't think I've ever tried their lip
glosses before so I'm excited to try
this yeah I still need to clean this
mirror so ignore that but let's try this
mmm me gusta I need to get back to
editing and planning out my day for
tomorrow because I have a lot of filming
that I could do tomorrow hi like
delusional it's 1:30 a.m. and I'm still
working on this video but for some
reason when I edit in the middle of the
night that's when like my creative
juices really start flowing and I
thought of this really cool thing
because in the beginning of the video
I'm writing so I found this video clip
of like a handwriting and it's a green
screen clip so I put it over and I want
to show to guys it looks so cool
I don't know yeah nevermind it's not
really in its best form yet I'm still
working on that but I'm just gonna end
off today's vlog here because I'm just
gonna be editing until I can no longer
keep my eyes open so that is it for
today's video I know it was kind of
boring ish I apologize that it wasn't
very eventful but I've really just been
working on YouTube today and stuff
hopefully tomorrow's video will be a
little bit more exciting I'll try to
vlog with more people because that
usually gets pretty entertaining but
yeah I will see you guys tomorrow
you
