she's like I want food for breakfast I
made a smoothie and I just took one
banana a cup of frozen blueberries and
threw in some almond milk so it was
really simple but it actually made a lot
so this is like a really big oh hey guys
welcome to vlogmas day three and it's
actually four o'clock right now is it
what is it four times a moment or 23 and
I have not left my room all day so I
really had nothing to vlog about but
basically I just worked on some school
work and then I uploaded my vlog misty
to video and then I basically spent all
day just like editing and uploading my
November favorites video which is now up
so I haven't really done anything
exciting today I also really haven't
eaten much today since I've just been
sitting in my room but I made a smoothie
for breakfast which I've vlog that was
the only thing that I've logged this
morning and I also had like a big green
apple so I'm probably gonna stop by
Whole Foods later tonight to make a
salad or something I don't know unless I
just have to buy a few things mom if you
could give them one piece of advice what
would it be anything with life with
anything
happiness think twice before you say it
watch as many movies okay all right so
inspirational quotes Fabiana yeah Jesus
I was staying there for like five
minutes like okay so I decided that I
want to eat this big carrot look at my
hand can't even fit over the whole thing
I have some skills what is that supposed
to mean but this is just getting way too
inappropriate way too fast you who
tripped us huh
I did just use a candle lid to check my
teeth um carrot update I'm a little bit
more than halfway through still going
pretty strong I'm done I can't finish it
it's way too feelings guys look I
actually left my house um I'm going to
Whole Foods now if you're wondering
about the red lips I just put some red
lipstick on for an Instagram post that I
just posted they moved the juices that I
normally cuz I really like getting this
brand they used to sell individual ones
up there but now they don't have them so
I'm picking out some tees right now and
I don't know I feel like my whole foods
doesn't have all the tees that I
normally get although I am getting this
one because I saw a mega knows that
talked about it it's the red velvet
chocolate tea
I'm obsessed with anything that's red
velvet so I'm really hoping that at
least tastes somewhat like it but whoo I
found that so I think I'm going to
pretty much get every flavor I don't
know I really like this one which has
coconut and almonds in it cinnamon and a
bunch of other stuff but it's a really
good like dessert drink
maybe this one I just bought my stuffs
and now I'm about to go work out with
Daria she's yelling at me because I
promised I would work out with her like
half an hour ago
okay I'm gonna do a quick little
wholefoods haul so six juices and also I
found out that the only reason they're
selling for $5.00 is because they're on
sale so these juices are also around
nine to ten dollars like all the other
ones so they're only on sale which
explains why I bought like six of them
so I got purify which I have not tried
yet it has like carrots apples celery
cucumbers beets and lemons I got the
lemon and cayenne one that I really like
in the morning I got the green supreme
one I also got the vanilla cloud one
which is really good it's like sweet got
Master Cleanse which also sounded
interesting I haven't tried no sippy so
yeah and then the last one I got was
fuel I just really like juices okay guys
next up I got some dark chocolate
covered pomegranate seeds I also got
some frozen fruit for my smoothies the
tea that I showed you guys and then I
just got one of their petite two Caesar
salads because I really like the
dressing that they get so I'm probably
gonna have this for lunch tomorrow or
something so I'll just stick that in my
fridge but that is everything that I got
from Whole Foods I'm kind of fangirling
a little bit all right so there's this
one girl on Instagram that I follow
here's her name there you go and
basically she's just really into like
working out and eating healthy and stuff
so I follow her on her YouTube channel
and her Instagram and just now she liked
one of my photos yeah my mom brought I'm
not hot with nuts
well it's your mom's pot but she put
some nuts in this office all over it to
her yeah but yeah she like randomly
liked my most recent photos so
I started freaking out a little bit
because that's really cool okay Sagi
major crisis something very tragic just
happened suppose working on one one
would look at that and literally it
looks like my finger got chopped off
that's all on the treadmill not related
to your hands my nail just cracked off I
never noticed this it's all right well
I'm gonna get back to your generation
just wanna spoil the bat something I
would say would you like some stale
cookies welcome to vlogmas I don't want
to get up I've always wanted these kind
of okay okay
get in there I'm locking you in I'm
claustrophobic Fun Factory okay okay it
ends with that
they say shower but I've been editing my
flock mist fog for today and I also had
a juice afterwards so I'm feeling real
good
inside outside but I just realized I did
not open up my day three Evon calendar
so let's go do that I can't see we're
gonna have to find a different spot for
this thing why can't I get this open
okay what's the eyes it's potent wait oh
my god if you guys watched my November
favorites video I was talking about how
I want to try this product this stuff is
from the same collection as the face
wash that I use so I'm so excited to try
it tonight
yay oh and this is how my trees look I
don't really know if I'm liking this yet
but that's what I've got so far okay
well that is it for vlogmas day 3 I hope
you guys enjoyed it and I will see you
guys tomorrow
you
