kazarka huge
good morning everyone and welcome to
vlogmas day two it's about 10:30 and I
woke up like two hours ago but I'm about
to go to the gym with Daria and I was
really upset last night because I
finished editing my video fairly early
at like 9 o'clock or something and I was
going to upload my vlogmas day 1 video
last night but it said it's gonna take
over two thousand minutes to upload so
something was wrong with my internet
last night so I think I'm going to
upload my vlogmas blogs the day after so
you guys will be seeing everything a day
later and that will give me time to edit
all my videos and stuff like that I'm
gonna stop rambling and go to the gym oh
hey eleven eleven it is yeah I hope we
have a wonderful workout
alright how are you not so state out
loud
so I got all sweaty it's really cool to
see how much you improve when you
workout every day because every day I'm
able to run faster and longer and it's
like it's really cool and we also lived
weights too because we're working on our
triceps what am I getting okay I'm about
to make my protein bars and I'm sorry my
brain is just all over the place but
yeah so breaking out is like so much fun
and I'm about to make my homemade
protein bar vicious because Columbia
doesn't what's this complaint more about
what an awful daughter I am just keep
going let's hear it yeah you guys you
guys heard it from the source
she's my slave I completely forgot to
open up day two for our advent calendars
so let's do this I need to find a good
spot for this thing because I don't know
if this is a good spot and it is the
stay don't stray which i think is a
primer for her concealers and eyeshadows
so that's fun so I just finished filming
a video for my main channel it was my
November favorites and I was getting so
annoyed because for some reason when I
first tried to record my video my 32
gigabyte memory card was not working
like it kept saying error and it just
wouldn't let me film I don't know it was
really weird
so I guess I have to throw that out now
because it was not working the only
other memory card that I had available
at the moment was an 8 gigabyte one so
it only had like 20 minutes of footage
to do and apparently 20 minutes was not
enough for my November favorites so I
had to film the video twice and kind of
keep track of time so that was kind of
annoying because I had to take away some
of my favorites and I wasn't able to
talk as much as I wanted to but I mean
the videos still turned out fine so
that's okay but that was kind of a
and I am starving so I'm gonna go see if
I can make some food I was too lazy to
make an actual meal so instead I opted
for a smoothie and I'm about to make the
simplest Moo the entire world so I'm
gonna take some of my silk pure almond
unsweetened vanilla almond milk and then
just throw that in with some tropical
fruit blend which has peaches mango
pineapple and banana and it's just
frozen fruit your mouth making shrimp
for dinner mom all the comments on my
first video are like your mom's so fab
and so sweet thank you I love you I love
you my mom's like thank you thank you
please nope no cameras oh let's see what
candles you got like okay I'll leave no
cinnamon yeah you got four of that one
sent why would you not by different
sense your crazy lady over to me
he'll polish back home is the bellas
artes huge' Oh bigger than my ate like
why don't you eat this like bite mmm
look at that dinner yo
my movies on I am currently in target
and I'm looking for some room to
corporate Christmastime because I really
want to go all out with my room this
year so I was thinking of getting a
white Christmas tree oh my god
you guys know that I'm obsessed with
this stuff but I already have enough so
I can't get any more but I really want a
white Christmas tree because I think I'd
really go well my room so I'm hoping
target has it but yeah I'm still just
like looking around I kind of like this
pillow this is really cute actually
because in my room I have like the whole
white and silver and gray theme oh and
then also I picked out some like
wrapping paper and stuff because I'm
going to be wrapping my giveaway winners
prizes and that stuff for my 500k
giveaway okay so great success I found a
little white Christmas tree focus okay
I was contemplating between the silver
one or the white one but I decide okay
with this one some of these ornaments
are so cute oh my god
okay so I was placing my items into my
car and the scariest thing just happened
there was like this old pickup truck
that was parked next to my car and it
was just very sketchy looking like all
the windows were duct-taped and I don't
know whatever that's not really the
point but I was like placing the items
into my car and all of a sudden the car
turns on and there's no one in there
and there was like no one near me either
and the car turns on and the radio
starts turning on - and it's like
blasting music out loud and I'm sitting
it's like dark outside - so at this
point I'm throwing my things into my car
trying to leave as fast as possible
because it was so creepy and literally
like no one got into the car and no one
was around me it was just like me in
that truck that just turned on and
started blasting music so it was really
creepy got a lot of stuff at Target
though it was a very successful trip I
purchased everything that I wanted - and
more so that was great I'll be sure to
haul everything that I got once I get
home but right now I'm driving so I need
to focus on sorry if you can hear my
brother's music in the background he's
being a butthole and he won't turn it
down but I just want to do a quick
target haul so first off I got my white
tree that I wanted to get so I'm happy
about that then I also found this like
gray to White's sequin tree and this
little white one those are going in my
bathroom I also found these sparkly
little snowflakes that I'm going to be
decorating my cork board with yes I got
Christmas straws don't make fun of me I
also got a star that goes on top of the
white one some ornaments LED mini lights
these are operated by batteries so I had
to buy some double-a batteries I got
this clear mug because I've always
wanted a glass clear mug I don't know
why I think they look so pretty
especially when you have like tea and
lemons in them so I got that then I also
got this little stocking that's what
it's called right I don't know I thought
it'd be cute to hang on my door or
something I also got this little cup
thing that I'm gonna use for storage and
I thought the pattern was really pretty
on it and it's perfect for like the
theme that I have in my room then I also
got these little ribbons because I plan
on decorating with these like my cork
board and other things I got some almond
milk because I'm the only one who drinks
in my family and I ran out I got some
wrapping paper for the giveaway winners
my pillow that I showed you guys I got
this little Bowl because I had the plate
and I thought I was
pretty so I got that bowl I got some 50
count clear mini lights they're just
white they're gonna go on my headboard
and lastly I got some Hershey's dark
chocolate mint truffles because I wanted
to put them in the bowl because I
thought they would you know put me in
the Christmas spirit and I love snacking
on those every so often so that is
everything I got from Target I also
forgot to show you guys these but a
couple weeks ago I got two of these
coasters from Anthropologie I'm
currently using one but this is what
they look like they're so so so pretty I
think they were like eight dollars each
so kind of expensive that's why I only
got two but I think it looks so pretty
with the white and the crystal on the
inside and they have a bunch of
different colors literally like 20
different colors so I decided to go with
the white one because I thought it
looked the prettiest but yeah I just
wanted to show that to you guys it's
kind of dark in my room so I don't know
if I'm gonna be in focus but I quickly
wanted to show you guys what I've done
to my room so far so first off I put
some Christmas lights over my headboard
and as you can see I put the pillow down
and it goes perfectly with all my other
pillows I'm just planning out some
videos on my main channel right now
editing my blog mess and then over here
I've got my yogi bedtime tea sitting
waiting for me and cooling cuz it's
burning hot I've also got harvest coffee
burning right now which doesn't really
smell that good I'm just trying to
finish it but I own like a lot of these
mercury glass like type things and I
still need to figure out how I want to
organize solve them because as you can
see I have like so many little thingies
like that so I have to figure that out
but I also decorated my little Christmas
tree the only ornaments I used were
these glittery ones and these matte ones
because I thought they looked really
pretty and yet that is all that I've
done so far so I'm still working on it
but I'm thinking of doing a Christmas
room tour on my main channel so let me
know if you guys would like to see that
but that is it for vlogmas day 2 I hope
you guys have a wonderful day / night
depending on when you're watching this
oh yeah I will see you guys smile
you
