good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
Sam pine I can't believe I'm gonna be
vlogging every single day for the next
five days oh it's gonna be wonderful um
so it's Sunday December 1st and I just
woke up 30 minutes ago it's about 8
o'clock so I'm like really tired cuz I
went to bed at like 1:00 last night but
I decided to make up earlier because I
have a lot of things to do day so I need
to get that stuff done if you guys saw
my last video on this channel which was
my weekly Thanksgiving vlog I kind of
mentioned how I've been like eating
healthier lately and working out and
stuff and a lot of you guys seemed
interested in that stuff and asked if I
could talk more about it so I definitely
can if you guys want to lately I've been
getting really into pressed juice which
is so common white-girl me but they
taste so good like I'm starting my day
off with this
soon-ja I don't know how to pronounce it
press juice and I've tried a bunch of
different brands like pretty much every
single brand that sells at Whole Foods
and I find that I like this one the most
because it's definitely the least
expensive I think these bottles go for
about like four to five dollars each and
I really really like these so I'm
starting my day off with this one which
has water lemon stevia and cayenne
pepper in it drinking lemon juice and
cayenne pepper in the morning is great
for you because it helps to like boost
your metabolism and it like clears out
your system and it's like a really good
way to start your days so that's what
I'm having so I almost forgot but a few
weeks ago benefits sent me this little
like countdown calendar thing and it
goes to 24 so I thought it would be cute
if every single day I opened one up with
you guys so I don't really know where to
put this because this thing is pretty
big and heavy um but I shall open up the
first one and they're all like benefit
products so for day one I got the
benefit
coralista blush it's so pretty I love
this blush already on it but it's like
one of my favorite blushes yay day one
completed where should I put this right
there
yeah I don't know before I really start
getting into vlogmas I wanted to I guess
inform you guys on what's going on
because I know I'm going to get so many
questions about this specific topic but
I do do online schooling now and I've
been doing it for a while but I wanted
to kind of keep it a secret at first
because I know that a lot of people have
different opinions about like online
schooling and homeschooling and all that
stuff I'm not really going to get into
all the reasons why I made the switch
just because that's like personal and I
don't think I owe you guys every
explanation on why I made the switch so
I wanted to tell you guys because I am
vlogging every single day and it'd be
pretty obvious if I wasn't going to
school for seven hours every single day
you guys would notice but I also want
you guys to know that education is very
important for me I do plan on finishing
high school and I do plan on going on to
college actually know what college I
want to go to so education is very
important for me so that is why I made
the switch because it was really the
best thing for me I also don't want you
guys to think that the only reason I did
it was just because of YouTube because
you know obviously YouTube isn't like a
permanent thing so online schooling was
just an option that I could take and I
decided to do it and I mean I've been
planning to make this switch senior year
for the longest time ever so I just kind
of decided to do it earlier I can
honestly say that making the switch from
public to online schooling was the best
decision and option for me I don't know
it's hard to explain but lately I've
just been the happiest I've ever been
and I know that I did the right thing so
I hope that you guys can like respect my
privacy and not ask a bunch of questions
about it that's the main reason why I
didn't want to share it on the internet
just because I didn't want all the
comments to be like do you still plan on
going to college what about education
all that yes all that is important and I
know I'm going to be doing all of it I'm
just doing it online I really just want
to leave my education
personal and just focus on you know my
youtube videos with you guys and like
everything that I do outside of school
because I want to keep that like part of
my life private I don't know it's been
really good and I'm so happy I made the
switch so I'm very happy so my mom just
came in and she has a little
announcement for you guys it's my just
saying hi hey mom
the spotlights on you today he's my face
day okay so okay so starting to suck so
good so starting to summer first my mom
decided that she wants to begin her
healthy lifestyle no drinking alcohol
mm-hmm yeah just jogging or walking
whatever hmm for the past last year
I get 14 pounds each a lot I mean it
doesn't look like you did okay so and
you're gonna document at this moment
yeah because she said this will help her
motivate her if we put this on youtube
so the whole world is my weakness
not do it yeah Oh what is it
ding got it diet shut up um Weibo she
won 36.2 so we're gonna remember that
one if four days mm-hmm on a Christmas
Eve yeah I'm gonna wear the same clothes
okay we'll remember it leggings and blah
blah yeah and we're gonna see how much
you weigh so we are currently at Home
Depot because my parents forced me to
this is true shopping with them my mom
told the whole moving-in card she's like
when you move on the house you're not
going to be able to experience these
enough anymore so we're getting a
Christmas tree right now and I was gonna
film my November favorites but now I
can't oh this smells really good
you're playing Christmas music and it's
making me really happy I like this one
too
oh the tree has a bald spot
yeah okay thanks daddy thanks so V we
got so tree I'm freezing it's so cool
my parents are watching Dumb and Dumber
but the Kardashian Christmas special is
about to go on and I want to watch it I
think it's at 7 is that 7 yes are you
sure did you check check right now
you didn't check check right now you
just said that jail-type it in little
idea oh my god huh oh my god 6:30 yeah I
hate you but that looks like sweet iced
tea that is it for today's vlogmas
episode say bye bye say bye fats are
they heavy bread no no no no don't read
the BD so I hope you guys enjoy today's
video also I wanted to say that Aspen
says hi to you guys because I was
texting her so she says hi she's also
doing vlogmas that is it for today's
video and I hope you guys enjoy
you
