hi guys so today I am with Suki Luth mr.
turkey so guys we are going to be doing
the youtuber impressions tag so Hudson
and I wrote down six different youtubers
so we have no idea who we chose and
we're just going to be putting them up
on our foreheads and we're going to be
estimating yes yeah baby
Daily Grace yes that was crazy
yeah I wasn't sure though hey what's up
guys it's Friday and you know what that
means do the grace yeah okay oh my
goodness Christiaan yourself yeah did
you write that one no okay because I
probably write another one what's up Oh
- hi guys what's up is it is it Alfie
like they always say no this jacksgap
yeah that's not what they say they say
they see what's up what's up guys they
say that's a big do I knew I had to do
this like what's up
oh okay make sure to like this video if
you know Sam pepper yeah I don't know
how to do this one it's like why I'm
like super tainted are you serious yeah
it's me haters back off you i watch this
person for sure I don't know I just I
thought you would know who this is
can I get an aid that's like a pity mmm
I don't know her that well not really
watched
hi guys
I'm what like I don't know how else oh
oh wait
hi guys my name is Oh Casper yeah yeah
it's how many cats Billy yeah he does
well hello there
come on how do you not know that
hopefully yeah oh my god I got that okay
well I hope you guys enjoyed today's
video make sure to check out Hudson's
channel because we filmed a accent tag
on here accent challenge yeah so I'll
have that link down below
separate taste video I hope you guys
enjoyed it and I'll see you guys later
bye bye
