what's up you guys welcome back looking
at the viewfinder and mentally reminding
myself to self-tan because I look so
pale right now we're going to fix that
later today right now I'm heading over
to a world market which is like a food /
furniture store I think I'm in search
for some black squid ink pasta which is
very specific yes I know the dish that
you guys saw my last vlog I'm cooking up
a bigger batch for Lucas and Becca
tonight so thinking of doing is that
pasta dish with chicken and then also
making like a healthy salad on the side
and like fruit and Lola whenever I'm
hoping that world market has the black
pudding pasta bake it's not like a whole
food ties it we have so many key pose
here love this color I like these two
woo I want have to come back here the
screen is really pretty to shoot
I'm just going to show you guys the cute
things that I purchased because I just
put like my lettuce and chicken away and
stuff I couldn't find black pasta but I
did find this egg pasta so it's going to
be a very similar texture and thickness
and stuff and I'm just going to plop the
green one there colored with spinach so
it's going to be like a black and green
pasta dish also from world-market I
found this little fake plant that I
thought would be cute somewhere on one
of my bookshelves this T stood out to me
as well it's called white rose white tea
and fragrant rosebuds
it's got a cute little white strainer
because I needed one this is a muddler
it's for my bar cart and it basically is
used to smoosh any like fruits or herbs
or whatever into drinks and so you just
like do that I got two white wines
because I don't know what mood we're
going to be in for one of them is like a
little bit more sweeter and then one is
a little bit more like Chris how
freaking cute are these bottles and the
rating was so good so I'm like
definitely going to Instagram those I
also got this baby little strainer
because I usually just cook for myself
so this is actually like the perfect
size for how much pasta I make and then
also I got this giant white bowl I'm
going to prepare some stuff before it's
nice
so one clearly put a little bit of salt
if across today cut to a few hours later
I am now four shades darker than I was
in the beginning I'm prepping for
tonight a little bit we've got some
spinach and splitting pots are ready to
go we've got solid today I'm going to be
using this sweet and spicy mango
vinaigrette from Trader Joe's on top
this looks really gross but I just have
some chicken breasts in olive oil and
herbs I also feel really like sick right
now I try to lay down a nap but it
didn't work I think I would take some
dayquil I'm making myself a cup of that
rose tea that I showed you guys and with
that I'm having a scoop of this honey
and I'm obsessed with creamy honey it's
like whipped so to show you guys what it
looks like it's just whipped and thicker
and I don't know I'm obsessed with this
stuff we're talking about how Jamie over
here lost your mouth virginity and I
gotta go to you're gonna have to blow
someone yeah her guy anyway her diamond
way spinifex
it looks so like so funny so but you
know love that was a cute one with Emily
she screamed just so you know if they
get certified eyes oh yeah okay you guys
there again yeah is it I can give you
right you can even drive I'm barely
James comer right let's keep in mind I'm
vlogging today okay also frankly
mentioned how did a Claudia self take
night turn into Lucas self a night it's
always about me
because I don't know what's going on
anymore but now we are reading for Lucas
they're gone oh oh I told them I told
them hi Becca okay here we go ready
lights camera action and cut the vlog no
just be a third wheel on my suspension
I'm thinking about it after I heard that
itinerary I was like oh I'll go find the
boy it could go on couple trips with me
and then this is perfect you know get a
boyfriend behind go on do you guys have
like one of those packs or sling by the
time were 30 you know it's a requirement
yeah 730 30 that we're only for 35 30 35
isn't something I'll be right there
by the time Claudia is 35 I'll give you
a kid like me a kid whenever I can will
be hot are gonna be hot and I yeah
really cute and I'm hoping it's you're
analyzing your lips oh my god no I like
my we're not I'm aware no so that's a
good why it's like it's just like a
weirdly shape you have a really good but
enough for this thing drunker we're
gonna good morning everyone so started
my day off with some furniture delivery
I got woken up by awesome I'm going to
cut some effin is real quick but I got a
few things and I showed you them right
now I'm grabbing some coffee and then
heading over to gleam for our one-year
meeting because it has officially been
one year with them which is so crazy
done by myself as I'm so excited it's
committing it to our meeting and we're
just going to do it probably going to be
longer than two hours with real guys my
coffee look what just arrived oh my god
you can see how dirty this room is sorry
I'm getting sick my little step mirrored
came in and I think it looks so cool it
gives me like great gatsby vibes with
this little detail on the edge here so I
just got this levered and then also are
you ready are you ready are you ready
Byam oh my god I'm so happy with this
dresser could you guys remember I order
these online at the West Elm store I
actually have this nightstand in my
bottom bathroom but I haven't showed you
guys that yet because I'm still trying
to organize it I love these handle bars
because they remind me of the ones in
the kitchen they have like the same like
long silver bar the legs are just super
sleek and simple some thinking that
mirror
either go here or this will go right
here I just don't know where I would put
this if I don't put it here because the
wall is kind of too short to have it
right here like I did my old bedroom so
right now I'm actually going to go
through and fill this bad boy up I think
I'm gonna do like workout clothes and
sweats in here
didn't lock any of the meeting because
we just got straight into it and it just
wasn't one of those things where you
still you know you know what I want to
show you guys says frickin love gleam
they're just so organized and so
prepared with everything basically I
have this giant PDF packet of like
basically everything that has gone down
since signing with them and so like if
you can see it talks about views income
commercial roundup and projection income
breakdowns like brand deals acting blow
MOBA it was great we talked about you
guys for like two hours straight
memorizing little auditions for tomorrow
also my rug just came in so I'm going to
unroll it and I'm so so excited so I got
a rug mat that I'm going to place
underneath and then the big bad boy
himself so as the kids say these days
I'm a little shook okay so I'm gonna
pull up this rug for you guys to see
online because I thought it would be
more black I was in search for a black
carpet or rug this one is definitely
more gray blue I'm getting like a stormy
blue vibe so this is what it looks like
online and I feel like that just looks
so much more black than what this looks
like but like I totally get how it's
like it's definitely like that rug like
this is the wrong for sure what do you
guys think
I mean honestly like it kind of works
because I did mention that I wanted like
a blue theme in this apartment and
honestly the rug is really soft and it's
not shedding so that was like my biggest
fear I think I'm warming up to it
because maybe a carpet that would have
been all black would have just looked
too dark or too you know all one color
and with this kind of like crushed vibe
that it has kind of add something to it
so let me know what you guys think but
yeah building a clip to sign off let me
know
what you guys think in the carpet I have
warmed up to it so much since the
footage that you guys just saw spending
I was a little thrown off at first
because I thought it was going to be
darker yeah I'm actually really into it
now like I kind of really really like
that it's blue like I think it's just so
funky I don't know how I just thought of
this like literally this just came
across my mind when I was younger I
really really wanted to be Alex and was
it the Waverly plays play by Cedar Cove
Eze and I just feel like that would be a
carpet the true tone cuz like homegirl
had my fur on her walls if I remember
correctly she had like red fur wallpaper
or something anyways I feel like she
would have like a cool blue carpet like
that that is literally the weirdest
thing ever
well like I'm gonna keep this end
because I don't care at all I hope you
guys enjoyed today's vlog I had a lot of
fun editing it there was so much footage
between me Lucas and Becca and it was
all just so funny but both of you guys
probably do not care to see that stuff
but yeah I love you guys so much and
I'll see you very soon yes
