hi guys so a long time no vlog but I'm
going to be sharing my weekend with you
guys because Aspen hot brilliancy on
YouTube is coming to my house and she's
not coming here for any particular
reason sorry it's so dark in the house
she's just gonna stay here for I think
four nights and we're just gonna do
whatever we want
so this is going to be the first time
that we're ever hanging out not like
business-wise not for like a YouTube
trip or anything so I'm so excited we'll
be able to shop and film videos and
stuff so she just landed and I'm about
to leave but I'm so excited and I don't
know if you guys can go out to get my
house key um I don't know if you guys
can tell but I actually dyed my hair
darker my newest video on my main
channel shows my hair darker but I also
dyed it a second time made the ends
darker so yeah that's that why my arm is
cramping up I haven't vlogged in so long
so let's go hi hi yes busy yeah I
actually didn't vlog yesterday because
we're just having so much fun it is
Saturday morning and to me Aspen are
getting ready to go to Hudson's house
because we're going to film a few videos
they're going to film one and we're all
going to film one together so that's so
exciting and I made you pancakes for
Aspen today if you really like them I
was very happy and yeah my room is like
a hot mess right now we've just got
everything here yeah we're gonna leave
right now and then I will probably vlog
once we get to Hudson's hello so we are
at we're on Huskies from my house
and we're supposed to be filming a video
right now my fault but he started oh no
you guys think I figure out what they
want to do so I'm playing Grand Theft
Auto I might ask for help from Dustin
and it's not only me at all I told you
I'm answering the clubs over here I'm
asking the question so I can't make them
all yeah where I created we are having
troubles thinking of things we are not
gonna get anything done yeah well no or
not oh sorry I don't say yeah we're
going so we've been sitting here for
about 25 minutes that's what this is in
my heart
you guys can easily it is so so we just
recorded see your lawyer this whole
thing yeah just flogging this weekend so
we just recorded two videos for my
channel and Hudson's and now we're
filming Aspen's and they're turning out
a really good funny so I'm excited for
you guys to see them oh is this one of
mine listen yeah yes okay so we're gonna
do that now and this is our wonderful
setup Hey so it is it's Sunday and Espen
and I are shopping in the city and we
found these really cute ones used it
from Urban Outfitters so we'll do a
little what are you I'm gonna go your
dogs where I just look at the crotch
look at how funny the crotches oh my god
here we also got new with six yeah we
got matching let's say oh wow
if you look over here my room looks so
clean in done and then you look over
here it's a different story so we just
filmed to Hollis for my channel and
Aspen's channel and we also got Panera
for dinner I forgot my phone I would
have logged because my brother took us
and you guys think to really like when I
have Kevin in my vlog so you know what
let's let's get him in here he's gonna
make my vlog have Kevin say hello to us
he's also studying for a test so I cabin
what are you doing I thought you were so
my brother turned off the recording what
am I trying to say my brother um clicked
that end video button and I didn't
realize it so I was just vlogging for
the past like five minutes I didn't
realize that was wonderful
Wow where we started watching abduction
um at Hudson's house but we didn't
finish it because he had other plans he
was like I want you guys leave he
basically kicked us out
we tried hiding in his room oh I scared
him by the way so yeah we started
watching abduction so we're gonna finish
that tonight on Netflix and it's going
to be really fun and then we're going to
edit some videos and just be youtubers
and chill out on my bed and have
wonderful time so that is it for Y by 6
for the listen I'm in the filming mood
so I was that is it for this vlog just
kidding I'll walk tomorrow but it's
Monday happy Columbus Day me and Aspen
are getting breakfast she's currently
montage
show me less last night at like 4:00
a.m. my iPad like some like for me god
stuff we were talking about like juicing
weird dreams and like that like lucid
dreaming tonight yeah you guys in your
boobs this is our food basically a spit
ordered two sides of bacon and I was
like asking can I please have like one
slice of bacon and she was like no she
said no she slapped my hand pretty much
almost shocked her water in my face me
quietly never like whatever I guess I'll
just have my pancakes so this is I got
banana pancakes asked me got two sides
of bacon and rich toast and more food
there's mouth Nepal banners with no
phone looking rich moto well I'm in
target my telephone with this little
attentive bum
oh hey go right here is this not okay
wait this is the bag but that I need
except this is the black one so we'll
put this in for now um my dad wait
should I should I do the book I feel
like I don't know if it's I don't get oh
here it is oh let's see why do you need
three microphones okay yeah that is
definitely blue oh yeah it is
look at that like that's blue yeah uh I
feel like the blue like the Navy could
go with stuff though you're like much I
don't get kidnapped now let's go get
some fancy feast for France's getting
this food fuzzy kitty we're driving to
target darting to target they were in
target yeah it's right so Aspen this is
what target looks like um I know Aspen
has never been here before and so I
taught her how to park your target she's
giving me a target too touristy a park
perfectly you have two per father's they
go I'm Doug oh that's right here
yeah you can't park in the middle of the
parking swell you have to park back on
the line she just acted or not
no Shh um could we miss Fancy Feast
Fancy Feast he's looking for Fancy Feast
okay this is one you just ate ate
pancakes oh you are you can do this ah
yeah burning off my calories now yeah
where is fancy peas like my can will not
you anything but that she's really uh
you don't know this I don't know Chris
so we went to dinner with Lauren and
yeah we went to little market it was
really good
we stuffed our faces oh yeah we ate we
made sure there's a kids menu for a spin
where every go picky we still got like
an Oreo pie waiting for us at home
so it's this night it's not like did you
not see it on Twitter I literally saw
your tweets now it's just like all of my
no juicy mine I was like last pancake
standing
oh girl RAGBRAI seriously just seriously
you always pancake
Claudia there was literally a hundred
pancakes on that 88 oh my god oh you had
one night Simon they were sent over from
Kevin's a week there you go um so yeah
we are cover yeah while we wait like so
we are gonna go home back to my house
hey so update on our Oreo pie uh Chloe's
mom ate the whole thing it was all I
mean I be odda she can't be tamed we
come here it's almost all gone yeah I
was like what the heck I was like all
right like we just baked this we slayed
away and made this beautiful pie and she
just she ate it all it's Tuesday about
one o'clock and has been sleeping me
we just filmed the no arms makeup
challenge for both of our channels and
I'm so stupid I forgot to take selfies
with my makeup on it looked so funny
yeah I already washed it off so and
having makeup on right now but um yeah
we filmed those and they're really
funniest so they'll go up within the
next couple of weeks and now I'm going
to go drive asked me to the airport
because go back home but this weekend
has been so amazing it's been really so
fun I'm so happy she came and we got we
got a lot of stuff done it was very very
nice and productive weekend although we
did we would
it for like five six hours until like
5:00 a.m. so we got like no sleep well
sour patch kids are lost at the moment
okay so as we can't find her sour patch
kids we're a mess update on our Oreo pie
oh my gosh I don't even want to look at
it so embarrassing so that is it for
today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed
watching our weekend and like a five
minute video be on besar TV yes yes
goodies are TV check out a sneeze
channel I will link her vlog and her
channel and stuff and
