good morning everyone it is wednesday
morning and i'm about to leave for the
airport right now because i'm going to
LA for beauty cons let's go
yeah hello um Lauren say hi we're just
gonna get some food right now it's not
bad it's beautiful outside so we just
finished eating where are we guys we're
gonna do a little bit of shopping no
baby has some meetings to take care of
so she's doing device I try my first
coffee bean training
the iced chai tea latte more when you
get the new Daleks peach nectar tea
ready to go shopping yeah
oh my we've been sitting on a sponge for
like two hours ja Ali's been and I'm
going crazy I've no idea how to use my
new camera it's nice though ready Kosta
pre-money broke up before when you said
you needed space what
literally you can't eat this without not
eating neither haha you can come pick it
up look at it how are you supposed to
how are you supposed to fire yeah let's
let's go going
so we just filmed some back-to-school
videos with shana miller also known as
penny cheek so it was a lot of fun I'll
leave those links in the downbar and um
here's a little sneak peek of where we
were filming today
you
we are headed dry bar right now we're
gonna get our hair down this route too
lazy to take showers so we just finished
getting olive are hair then and I love
it so much we all do much for like food
so now we're going back to apartment
hold this hungry oh I am making more
money it's tucked I'll see you guys
there
oh my god I'm not a person walking no I
am doing montage in right now don't
worry the awkward clogging will commence
soon this is the awkward walking because
it's Lauren's camera you just got to run
let's go baby girl you're gonna get name
one with Ed cake it is so pretty here
look at that
where we go
Oh
it can be getting it like good lighting
I wasn't subscribe to blogs out for so
long she never in her blog literally a
few weeks ago she was like wait Claudia
do you look like channel like hello we
are barely and Morris because we are
going to wear more clothes yes lately
and maybe when everything I love you
star is my clean my biggest fan oh stop
your slippers look so good
you
