hi everyone so it is Tuesday morning and
I'm about to go ahead to the airport
because I'm going to California for
VidCon and I'm so excited I'm going to
be going without my parents this time
this is the first time I'm traveling
alone also I made a promise to myself
that I'm going to be a very good vlogger
this trip because I always feel like I
suck really bad and my vlogs always
really boring so I promise I'm going to
be a lot better on this trip but if you
guys would like to see what I'm wearing
I'm wearing my nasty elf sweater that's
striped and then just black leggings and
my go Jane boots and I was gonna wear
converse but these are my heaviest and
like biggest shoes so I just decided to
wear these and so having to put them in
my suitcase and then I just have my
Urban Outfitters teddy backpack so let's
go so I'm at the airport now it's in
Kiki's back there you see Johnny Depp
back the female dummy Deb
so we Borden like I don't know are you
excited for the flight not really no and
they're really playing girls sleepover
games we're gonna be playing mesh and
the alphabet game and we're gonna gossip
and I brought pens and paper well that's
what your neat hey injured performing
the function so people use copy I'm
she's sitting next to us because a
lovely madam switch seats with her for
Europe we're getting our bags now and
Ali is going to be picking yes I do
Ali's gonna pick me up she's stuck in
traffic right now but so Ali picks me up
I know I told early right before she
picked me up I was like better
like roses when I walk in yeah um so
we're gonna grab some lunch because
we're both starving
and yeah I split up with Hudson Kiki
because they're going to they're doing
they're looking right now helping Lauren
move and stuff so I'm going to be
staying at Ali's house for the next two
nights yeah yeah we're just getting food
now and it's so nice outside so we are
grabbing lunch at Ellie's favorite
restaurant so what is it called yeah
we're gonna go to the Grove later
this wiener dog it's a runner real-time
this photo booth is alive we don't look
look like I have your disease on my face
we look good guys it's bad but I also
got this romper to go with my wiener dog
good times good times
bye subscribe blessed for beauty candid
layering hard thank God we did black and
white if we didn't do black and white
we'd look like we my god when it first
came up is literally like oh my god we
look like we're like no no hiring
started should I just vlog let you blog
for me yeah okay so basically so I know
what just happened is some older
gentleman came up and told Claudia that
he thought she was beautiful
so if you guys didn't catch that I don't
know if you guys hear that
so this older gentleman came up to us
and basically hit on us and then like
and Ali told him that I am her 16 year
old sister which I'm 17 by the way but
it makes it sound so much worse she says
16 she was like oh well then we're just
trying on wild Fox pants you got the
guess who I am
Emily June just kidding love you I just
want to thank you for all subscribing to
Claudia she just hit 400k me and the
rest of her PR team are like super
stoked on it
I'm not her PR team okay no no they are
so long they look like baggy sweatpants
on me this works out perfectly for me
for you Shh but I'm GSB otherwise known
as glass up repeating
we don't know where we park so we don't
even know how to get to the parking lot
right now or what floor we parked on
Phuket so we're trying to figure this
out
yes we are just how do we get to the
parking garage that's all we need to
know there's no of course as multiple
dude I mean such a good vlogger today do
you see this send me this footage so
we're at tender greens dinner
we're gonna go to in and out if you're
like no GSP problems she's in my room so
we just got to Ali's house and um your
house is so freaking cute it's adorable
yes I was I was surprised and to
celebrate she bought herself some very
expensive Wow very sweatpants they're so
cute and I got them too and we match she
was like she almost like didn't buy them
and I was like no I'm buying them so you
have to feel bad about myself
right yes we want to say goodbye they um
it's been lovely hanging out with all of
you today thank you so much for joining
us on this lovely adventure and please
comment rate subscribe it's a glitch
maybe so yeah I was I like started
importing my footage and I realized I
didn't say goodbye clips oh and of
course that's essential you you have to
go so we're on photobooth right it's not
goodbye just see you next time later see
you later so that is it for today's vlog
I hope you guys enjoyed it and I will
see you guys
