I just
who do you think and they're eating
breakfast right now I think we are going
to make it here
and I've just been sitting there eating
Haskins bacon we decided hey
so yeah so we did a little bit shopping
this morning and I mean this isn't like
our final goodbyes I'm going to team up
with a psychic right now with Ellen
there's a club right next to that
astrology offering fellows why does this
always happen I started so we've just
been shopping we just go just right here
there be more we have been sitting in
the hotel room for a few hours it's like
midnight now and we got some shopping
done today and we also got dessert as
you guys saw and my brother's about to
pick me up right now Kevin you can use
this point
you can't
hi guys it's Monday and I am just
sitting at home I'm waiting for Christy
Lindsay and Alex get here and then I'm
going to be taking them three and Hudson
to Six Flags today
don't be alright
so the funniest thing just happened
Hudson is wearing a shirt that has like
weed on it so he's not allowed to come
into the park and she can't come in
shortlist and he can't flip it inside
out so we have to buy him a shirt to get
away but you stupid a shirt ever so we
have his credit card and we're gonna buy
them
just like gayest thing we can find no I
think this one's funny like you like
he's like gonna talk about that for ya
this gun you're gonna kill us we are
going on the Raging Bull now
I want to go front row and this year
they flip the seats so that goes
backwards so I'm really excited to go on
that and and that's it this was really
there's also one that's like straight up
in the air that we're going on and I'm a
little nervous about that too
uh-huh it's like a you know you're
sitting normally so when you go up with
you see the sky okay and then when you
go backwards then you see the grounded I
like that so it started raining
it started raining and now it like stops
but no it's er YouTube so we're gonna go
on Superman which is really fun because
you would like laying down do you wanna
be on YouTube again we're waiting for
our reservation because our Tamagotchi
so we are at a dinner Alex and I both
got chicken and avocado salad chicken
salad so I'm going to end off today's
vlog here so I decided I'm going to
sleep over at the girls hotel room
tonight since it's been last night
slumber series episode number 4 it will
happen one day I promise umm so we're
gonna just take showers get ready and
then tomorrow is going to be a full on
YouTube day we plan on filming a bunch
of videos and stuff um so hopefully you
can do that and wake up early and stuff
um well that's it and wait what am I
supposed to say I don't know goodnight
it's been real today
Yolo guys it's been real Yolo good night
as it has been it's kind of really real
BBS out yes a oh wait I have to have an
accent like South African accent do it
oh I just wanted to tell you all to have
a really lovely night actually don't
know what this action is I am on a bed
right here at my hotel with Claudia's
life and we're going to have some sort
of sexual relations so uh a dubs out
Claudia's life out berry on beauty start
out PBS ow
