hi everyone so today is the day of the
meetup and I just got from sitting
Florence and
what's called yeah so we're at the hotel
right now and we're about oh no I'm for
YouTube okay um so we're just waiting
for the rest of the girls to come down
here and then we're going to eat lunch
benefit so we have a limo to go to lunch
and the meetup okay we're getting in
we're all Blanc I know it all well like
oh my god we've never been in a limo
need a blog it this is my first
coordinate so phone little bit yeah
whatever yeah I look so you go so what
you should be ready for number two pick
up looks like you here comes great
burgers hi we're back in limo and what's
a college song some girls let's go get
some starbucks cousin still have some
time before the meetup but
this pretty much is pretty much it I'm
excited though I'm really excited people
are tweeting us and there's already like
a line forming outside Oh meet up
you
oh we are now thank you sir we're going
back to the hotel now and what you guys
think it was so much fun and it was like
honestly like this perfect it was great
it was self-focusing so thank you for
everyone who came and now we're going
back to the hotel we're just gonna chill
out how we heat that's is what I right
now everyone is on their phone you would
hope ya like Alex me can you say that
again free and Pat it got the roofing ok
listen i don't i don't like I don't want
you guys I mean like you as friends I'd
only people my own age but middle-aged
women are like gods and if Kathy Griffin
walked in right now I would do the dirty
oh we're going to dinner now we're going
to edit bebs and why do you say sorry
every bed
um
I'm starving
I sir hey Dobbs beautybaby I got you we
are here not really in the parking lot
so we're 40 minutes late
Oh
you
thanks for having me here
I'm very excited to introduce Matt for
the concert just ended got like so quiet
thankfully dry now I'm smelling my hair
we're staying by my feet or dead no I
like what do we do do we do we take
cover do we just like in races right way
with it it was fun I like yeah we're
gonna talk about
