hello it's morning and it's Sunday my
last day here and we are all dead I got
absolutely no sleep and I'm super super
sick but I'm still really excited for
the meetup so we are about to head out
right now um well the girls are checking
out I don't really know but we're gonna
grab a cab and head to the meat out
because it's like he's like 1040 right
now so we're gonna be kind of late but
yeah I'm wearing a black dress from
brandy melville it's wicked on the back
it like crosses and a denim jacket and
boots I'm probably going to be freezing
them so that's okay we are in central
park right now and we're trying to find
the meetup spot so I'm really about to
start shaking I'm yes she's layer she's
like scared I'm swelling from how they
scared me oh my god I'm actually shaking
I'm really curious as to like how many
people are here right now
you guys excited yeah right I'm so
scared oh so Ellie calls me clodhoppers
and she could be playing it isn't me Bob
I think so too what we already met up
with some viewers there behind us check
out okay
oh my god everybody hello thread to meet
up this is so much fun sound like a
little boy but I'm gonna go yes hey what
are you doing cutting up what do you do
I've been watching her cut up a straw
for the past like 20 minutes I'm tonight
watching about I had to beg every single
photo like I'm looking at me and I'm
like this just finish eating lunch we're
going home to somehow and I have to
leave in like four hours
Oh
hmm so thank you clear your throat
Lottie here with an update yeah so we
visual answer today I'm just lobby for
like what would have two hours and I
have to leave in like an hour and a half
so we're just soaking up our clodhoppers
time yeah and we all look really
attractive reality and I slept with a
cab for an hour I mean you guys got some
nice footage did you sleep in her ok
good document we did um it's literally
like these still asleep legs like you I
kind of want to stop by maybe a few
stores or something my mother about an
answer Larry I'll she's like well that's
about it it's like we're writing your
boss you're like talking over you Frank
excuse me Claudia we've got to be
partners oh hey guys I'm back um so me a
dub say hi amazing right now no oh
you're finding I really didn't get to
see you guys and I don't think it's even
on us but ok with me I love our video
saying they're like oh my god Anna
mermaid you know what I see and I ok
yeah these were their party favors ok
really don't think I'm getting this
block by fire please welcome anyway I'm
just gonna do
so I am back home now we are so the
airport and we're waiting for my dad to
pick us up now I have so much homework
that I still have to do it's like ten
o'clock right now but it feels like 11
because of the time change so um I'm
really sad that I had to leave but yeah
oh I don't know yeah they all know I've
been complaining like all day today how
sick I am it was really funny because we
like rush to the airport and I was still
wearing like the outfit that I was
wearing earlier so like I was sitting on
the airplane fully like in a dress my
jean jacket and stuff and I like
completely changed into a new outfit
just like right there run some pants
took my dress off but I'm sure whatever
had like I'm wearing my combat boots
with yoga pants right now and I'm really
embarrassed because it looks so weird I
was waiting for my luggage and there was
this kid and that was like around my age
and he kept looking at me I was like no
this isn't happening it was so funny the
trip was so so so so fun and I'm going
to miss all the girls the next time I'm
going to see them is probably like
during the summertime so I hope you guys
enjoyed these videos and I will talk to
you guys later bye
