hi guys so it is Saturday which is the
first day of my mats and my voice has
literally gone from little boy too old
man so um I can't talk you like hard to
talk but I just finished getting ready
and I'm going to go meet up with the
girls and yeah it's like 930 ish so
we're gonna head out soon what are you
doing mom mama what do you do write in
the comments Oh what about 9-11 memorial
what okay she's so cute i love her okay
well i'm gonna go meet up with the girls
now hey no look who's here ocial redness
is that a Koosh it back Oh pish Michigan
is your phone ringtone i wrote i got
it's a doorbell and it's something the
stores running all the time i did my
hair 30 and you fell asleep and it's
perfect if i try that my hair would be
like oh my gosh so we're here and I'm
losing my imats virginity today so we're
gonna go get our passes
go inside
awesome
see it's crazy
you just guess I mix and we're walking
thank you somewhere to find lunch I
don't know where we're going so we're
going like nothing ever emerged let's go
I needed in the bath bands and half of
us are in here so easy so we like wanna
die
and
yeah definitely now
Oh
I've been doing it all
and we're just walking around
that's it though
I win
they can
we are in the cab right now and we were
on our way back to the hotel we just
came and we were Jessica style a party
and we got some wonderful ways I'm
really excited to wear this I got a
little pretty bad favor so we are
getting dressed to go to a dinner with
nine west at seven o'clock and that's
not my voice is just getting worse and
worse by the minute it's
yeah pull that up sorry we were just
really into your music
