what's up guys it feels so good to be
home
one of my great friends Chris Clemons is
here in town for I think six months if
I'm not mistaken it's here for a long
time but I haven't seen him yet so I hit
him up last night to go grab some lunch
oh my god
life is just like speeding by with so
many things for starters we wrapped the
movie so that is officially done I've
logged so much of it for you guys and
I'm so so excited but obviously I can't
put that video out until the movie is
actually out so even though you guys are
tweeting me being like I missed your
vlogging where your vlogs like I've
still been vlogging this entire time but
I just can't upload yet also if you guys
head over to my main channel right now I
just posted my Hamptons log live I made
it a little more artsy with the music
and the montages so I'll have that link
down below if you guys want to see that
also I feel like I never shot on my
Instagram on here but I've posted so
many photos from that trip I'm just very
pleased with my feed right now I'm
sitting here waiting for min Saluki to
get here and I'm sitting here and I'm
looking at the table and I'm like this
is Claudius for literal Instagram on a
table first we're here I've never been
here before I found it on Yelp fine
dinner are you kidding me your office
about to get a lot of place Chris cute
oh we're like so oh my god my background
matches to this restaurant anyways it's
a prettiest soft lettuces I didn't think
that lettuces was the plural for lettuce
doesn't this match my painting has my
bear this I see literally tastes like an
anthropology handle trying you find it
makino it needs like a candle like that
it really like I got it
she's floral were eating cool okay so I
just stopped by my house for a little
bit had to scrub off the gel on my nails
they look so bad I don't you guys know
that right now I'm heading over to a
meeting and awesomeness because tomorrow
I'm speaking on the panel on behalf of
their talents so in preparation we're
meeting up discussing what tomorrow's
going to look like all that stuff one
alligator completely forgot to bring my
camera with me but I just got out of the
meeting and it was so great
I was actually my first time meeting the
CEO and he is so lovely so I was going
to go great I'm so excited
tomorrow but like so much later they
became a pond right we did later guys
right yeah I thought of it a little I
forgot it come back a little bit sign
okay all right well bye guys I swear
about driving naked right now I'm
heading over to a fitting for tax season
3 and then afterwards I think I'm going
to go furniture shopping I want to hit
up to see me too and West Elm again as
we're usual I need to go desk I need to
get a dresser and now that I'm back home
for a little bit I can finally
prioritize that again because guys I am
impatient with this stuff I want my
place to be done and ready I want to
build those tours for you guys that is
it these are the creepy gowns that I'm
wearing oh just go back and watch them I
want to stop by home real quick to make
myself some food groceries but let me
show you guys what I picked up before I
go back out to get more things I got
this pillow it's like a satin velvet
creamy like champagne color and this
might actually go upstairs in my bedroom
like all my bed but I also really like
this pillow next to this black one I
don't know we'll figure it out but I
like this color also got this little
frame and I actually kind of like the
inside of it too it just says wonderful
so I might just leave that in there for
now it's kind of inspiring me to get
bigger ones and create like a collage
wall right here with those too I don't
know I need to figure it out we also
ordered some pieces that weren't in the
store so I got this stepped wall mirror
and it looks so sick it has like little
edges I think I've logged it once
actually and then also I got this guy
it's a white dresser that's going to go
up in my room last but not least I got
this piece of art which i think is so
sick obviously you can see Australia
down there and yeah it's like a 3d super
rugged all-white piece of art and I
think I'm going to hang it right on this
wall because going in I feel like you
need something on here but I knew that I
wanted it to be not too distracting I
think this is going to be perfect for
lunch I'm going to whip up a quick pasta
dish my mom sent this over to me
recently but it's squidding fettuccine
noodles and they are so freaking good
and so soft I'm pairing that with this
pesto sauce and it's so good you just
squeeze it out and throw it on top and I
got this from Whole Foods on top I'm
going to throw on some Parmesan cheese
yesterday
do this with chicken but today I'm going
to use salmon which doesn't really go
but I'm just going to like have it on
the side
we did some freaking damage at cb2 we've
got so many vases and knickknacks back
there we've got my two barstools
I've been waiting to get those barstools
for so long I'm so excited to have more
seating for more people these are all
the little knickknacks that I purchased
this thing is crazy I don't know where
I'm going to put it yet I might even
just put it on here somewhere
what's a side table right there I'll
find a spot for it but I thought it was
really edgy it was cool it really goes
with the chandelier up top I got this
little fake plant and I feel like it
looks more real from this way so I'm
purposely going to put it at the top of
one of those shelves these came in a set
of three they all have different texture
to them I really like this one so cute
this one has like a reptile kind of
glossy look to it I got a trash can for
one of the bathrooms I really really
like this color and I want to add more
blue into my place in general I think my
whole vibe color-wise is going to be
kind of cool tones because you know I've
got green going on so want to get like a
navy blue pillow some sort and start
incorporating more blue and teals and
stuff like that I got little coasters I
thought this egg was so freaking cute it
feels so satisfying to like rub it's got
this little base as well so we're going
to put this stuff on my bookshelves also
I highly recommend the tea infusions at
Starbucks now has I got the peach white
tea nothing is finalized but I like it
can you spin I could show you incredible
don't mind all the trash going on right
there but I just finished building the
counter stools and I am so happy with
how it looks I think if I did four of
one kind it would have just looked too
perfect and too much so now when guests
are sitting at this table they can
actually like rest their backs and stuff
I just ordered my carpet online and I'm
so excited and I want you guys to
comment down below and guess what color
I got I want to see if anyone gets it
right or if I've mentioned it before
I just showered I put makeup on and
sweats because I'm about to have people
over and that's what you can do in your
host you can kind of get ready but not
really get ready Rebecca's here I'd
literally just pull out the camera give
it to me yes the literal shopping cart
dance yes pitch was happening wait guys
basically I go on these runs where I
just have intense beverages in the house
so I'm about to stock up I like to have
it in the kitchen so first off favorite
wine the koi have a nice is neon
delicious - not to say that we'll carry
on and we'll update you guys later
should we get a fiery mixed pack
why do you single good tonight we've got
some red wines - coy Cabernet this is
like a classic that I get quite often
this one I've ever tried honestly didn't
even have a really good review on you
know which is an app that I use when I
just loved the label and you know what
we'll try it out never heard of this one
thought it was cute I'm an amateur for
the price point these are really
freaking good and so we got two of those
this honestly won't be touched a long
time but I always like to have a nice
custom ego's bottle and then I literally
do not drink beer but I have friends
that like this beer and so I'm just
going to keep it in my fridge because I
know someone going to drink it and that
ladies and gentlemen is me being an
alcoholic not really just kidding we're
all sitting here and we are all deciding
what we should put up there I'm thinking
a floor lamp while I'm thinking this is
the content for my second channel like
this is this is it I think the seizures
that a DJ set I like that a lawn chair I
get my son there
what what why not like one single Barbie
just standing there doing no one asked
you and you just wait you change the
subject I put my Christmas tree up there
and then that way thank you guys so much
for watching sorry today's video super
choppy I'm clearly getting back into it
I'll see you guys very soon bye
