hi guys so it is friday morning and i
just finished getting ready so I'm gonna
go meet up with all of the gurus and I I
don't know why I do this to myself but
I'm wearing a skirt so I'm going to
freeze to death today but I just really
want to wear this outfit this is what
I'm wearing you guys have seen this
outfit in my most recent lookbook but
yeah I think I'm gonna buy like black
tights or something if it gets really
cold so we are sitting yeah okay
nevermind some of us start changing
still but yeah we're gonna go shopping
soon and in starbucks and starbucks much
it what I don't say just just close the
keel friend starbucks now
chai tea latte I've never tried it but
once he said that it's really good I
thought oh my gosh hi you've never tried
and I know and probably gonna get some
sort of food
and then we're here this is so up guys
so
probably see ya Steve yeah you know like
we're like it so he just shot was rainy
mobile I spent a lot of money to my
motto was just to not look at the prices
what I back off buddy without an ID look
I'm not even gonna look at really go
home and be happy without so I want
o'clock we're going to be clean and
clear lunch thing a few bodies so we
have to go back
for how long did it take you to get
ready with a I've been a second it was
really impressed I was like just like
she called it was like good morning
voice oh my god sweetie we gotta go ok
I'm going to so we are here oh I'm so
shaky
people that we're getting salad for sale
in love with Lindsay does it say hi guys
so I'm back in my hotel room right now
and we basically just shopped around for
a little bit went to american apparel
and Brandi again and stuff and right now
everyone is getting ready for dinner so
I did change my outfit if you guys would
like to see it it looks like this I'm
wearing this white chick from brandy
melville my cardigan from brandy
melville and I just got these shorts
today from brandy melville so I am fully
branding it out today but um yeah I'm
not sure if you guys can tell but I'm
slowly starting to lose my voice i think
i'm getting sick and it sucks so um at
imats i'm probably going to be sounding
like a man and everyone's gonna be like
oh so that's what you sound like in real
life my voice just cracked okay so I'm
gonna go meet up with the girls again
because I'm done getting ready and I
realized this is the worst letting ever
so holla guys but I just wanted to
update you guys on what's going on
because I didn't blog for a while
so
hey guys so you need to be on eating be
on eating beauty know if I have enough
so big and there's just so little
Ali
