hi hello it's wednesday and it's super
late it's probably like 180 or something
and i am in such a weird mood right now
because i'm so tired but then i just
drank an entire cup of tea with caffeine
in it so that i can stay up so now I'm
just like really weird and loopy um I
got my mattress today if you guys can
see this what what what yeah I am
obsessed my flight leaves at six pm
tomorrow which means I literally have to
rush to the airport after school
tomorrow and I can't afford to miss
another day because I'm already missing
Friday um so basically I have to get all
of my packing and done and finished
tonight which is not good because I just
started like half an hour ago so here
are some clothes that I started to pick
out and I honestly have no idea what I'm
going to wear the do this every single
time to I never liked plan out any
outfits I just grabbed a bunch of
clothes that I like and stuff it into my
suitcase which is a very not smart way
to pack but that's just how I am i also
have a few things down here like
toiletries and makeup and stuff but
still have to finish packing that up and
oh my god I'm gonna kill myself it's
thursday and we are about to head to the
airport in like 20 minutes are you
excited yeah whoo no that's so much know
what happens on these trips is i come
with my mother and i basically fly with
her and that's it i basically just
stitch or the entire trip it's really
sad so this is my airport outfit i'm
just wearing a gray hoodie with a scarf
leggings boots and my speedy give me a
spin
that's her outfit look how cute she is
she's my bitch today we have arrived at
the hotel and I think the girls are in
Times Square right now and it's about
ten o'clock so i think my mom and I are
just gonna unpack walk around and maybe
get something to eat I don't know I'm so
excited guys look at our view it's great
awesome stuff the girls are back from
Times Square so I'm meeting up with them
right now and heading to their room we
are so I am ending off today's vlog it's
2 a.m. and i just got back to my hotel
room but we are basically just sitting
in the hotel room talking and stuff so
yeah I'm very very excited we're going
to wake up very early tomorrow to go
shopping we also have lunch with clean
and clear and we just have a bunch of
stuff going on so I hope you guys
enjoyed today's video and I will see you
guys tomorrow
