hi guys so it is sunday which is the
last day of playlist live I'm so sad
it's 12 right now and I already finished
getting ready and I was just like adding
some videos and stuff and I'm about to
go to Megan alleys and Casey's hotel
room because i'm super bored and I don't
even know if they're ready but I don't
really care i'm just gonna barge in and
they're gonna have to deal with me
there's literally a tornado warning
right now I don't think we're getting a
taxi any time with the fam years oh yeah
like freedom a see if I go out there we
fill me betha know we clear better oh my
god get into our room that's serious
I've been the worst lager today yeah
this is what happens after our little
storm in store that was a 40
yeah that was like a tornado so we are
chillin in the hotel room wait show the
Jesus dress Oh what are you doing
entertainmentvideo she's really cute
sneak peek as I get oh my it's all you
get stay tuned for more so I changed my
outfit because my dress was getting very
wrinkly and I just think I just didn't
really feel like wearing it anymore um
so I'm wearing a different outfit it's
more casual and i'm watching Ali okay hi
I'm irony Mike dress on on the wooden
tool
yeah 10 yards on my way so who looks so
we've got Emily June cinematography I'm
gonna burn the table like I know it's
fine i'm your mean I didn't it's fine i
do this all day the goose Kailua slice
has gotten loose lately so why not just
show you my pet to this is so do you
think they'll know where it is time to
the nearest I will just look at a broken
it's the cattle what's going on
Meghan E what kind of stay lit are you
getting I'm not getting a stasis spell
I'm getting a Caesar salad and what it
is is our sounds what are you getting
Emily Cesar see what is going wrong is
really delirious anyway speaking of
salads and burgers spider so excited I
know you want to find more join us to
enjoy his worsening I really wine
vinegar hey Emily what is that okay I
wanted an allergy so sunny Oh anyway so
I was like oh yeah oh no gee and I'm
just getting a Caesar salad and they
gave me the ingredients for the dress
looks like they ripped it off in the
sponsor for things like together with it
yeah they actually did rip it off of the
box
and so um it doesn't even say Caesar
salad it just sets salad I think you
should I think your keep it though I
might do that it's like members
manufactured by national food and
beverages imbalances you're so closely
clean Annie what are you doing sharing
the bets of Claudia yeah today is Monday
and it is my last day here which is
really sad so if you can't already tell
I am back home now which sucks because I
had so much fun but I didn't really film
very much on sunday and i did not vlog
it all on monday so i wanted to film
this quick little outro for you guys
shut up my flight was around 750 ish on
monday so i pretty much just spent the
entire day tanning and swimming in the
sun with some fellow youtubers so that
is why I have this insane tan line right
now which I really did not think I was
gonna get but that is all that I really
did I hope you guys enjoyed these little
vlogs the playlist live I had so much
fun I literally had no idea what it was
going into it I was just going because a
bunch of my YouTube friends are going
but I definitely want to go and next
year and the year after that um because
it was really fun and it was super chill
and I'm so excited because in like two
weeks or I'm going to I mats and NYC so
I'll be seeing a bunch of the girls
again bloom thanks so I will be seeing a
bunch of the girls and yeah I hope you
guys enjoyed these videos and I will
talk to you guys there bye
