it is Saturday morning I'm sitting at
the table with megan kelly and we didn't
really get breakfast is not hungry yet
yeah so we're going to play this live at
like one o'clock so we had like two
hours to kill it's pretty much our lives
right now so i will update you guys
anything heavens perfect were lovely
because you're blind oh no but it was
you're actually having fun he was
started undisclosed locations doing we
don't want to name droplet pretty big
paper we have fun we're just coming I
being sarcastic eventually really nice
Rose
so many people here
wait turned on hey it's me
oh this is crazy
wash it out we are going
Green
nah
party yeah
the its2 party
and three party
I look like the night I arrived but no
you don't yes I do so we just came back
from dinner hold so we got this history
it was like a curtain basically and
we're gonna watch some videos we're
educating ourselves on youtubers yeah
Valley likes that it's like they are so
we're being edumacated exactly we're
gonna before we go to our research
hottie do not like to you on they just
sat down and said let's talk some people
yeah I mean a minute sometimes you start
kind of a shame and as you know freezing
our titties off and I think it
we are here in
a little bit too
ok
