hi guys so today is Friday it's like
Friday morning and I just finished
getting ready and I'm about to meet up
with Emily Christy and Lindsay and
they're actually staying at a different
hotel so they they're taking like a
shuttle here thank you through just go
girl rings you just like scam yourself
in with a little thingy I am crying I
just she was wearing green lipstick it
was all time too late well that's just
too cliche
that's the secret the secret is there's
no secrets now that you love that one
where they have Asians first being such
a girl that
I think it's so sind up there you go
Lindsey and Christy are watching what I
already know it's like I say the network
panel yeah and we have like 80 bu you
can't like Center that so we're walking
around
so I can't take
everyone's a teenager
hello so we just finished with the
British panel and we're walking to lunch
talking about my little so
hey Megan say hey I did stop acting so
weird yeah I don't know what do I do
after
hello so I am with so we're having a
real good time sitting in the hotel room
sitting on the internet and I'm so glad
that I paid all this money to come down
to Florida because the beds are a lot
more comfortable here so this way
exactly
while we're editing in our rooms we can
it's just so much comes from more
comfort look we made one friend go we
did make we made a friend
like honestly side no okay this isn't my
channel but like I'm just gonna go on
around what is well hashtag last summer
beauty you can check my other answer
anyway I thought that all these beauty
gurus hated me okay because just got
like spidey sense feeling it hurts out
some of them slightly like me like look
at Claudia like stood in our way yeah it
means that there's friendship we're
sitting on a bed together so we are
gonna go into the hot tub and pool and
stuff but it started pouring so into
eventually yeah maybe we'll go night
swimming or something go in the hot tub
that's when people can't see that you
look bad exactly you have like an hour
until this little mixer thing we're
going to how I forgot about yeah so
we're probably just gonna be sitting
here for another hour
I'm gonna seem up on that hot Casper if
you're watching this I love you oh I'm
single and just and eaten and ready to
mingle I'm willing to be Claudia such
her wife and I was like I was like they
could be yours
okay now we're just
there's nothing but we are going to the
district lines VIP part ergo
