hi guys so today is Tuesday February
19th and it is actually my birthday so I
just turned 17 which a lot of you guys
are probably surprised because I feel
like everyone thinks I'm so much older
than I actually am like some people
think I'm already like in college like
19 year old no I'm only 17
um but yeah today was my birthday and I
actually don't have that much homework
tonight so I decided that I just wanted
to talk to you guys and update you a
little bit I'm so first off I just
recently started doing outfit of the
week videos on my channel so I just
finished filming my outfit for today
which is actually super plain and you
guys kept yelling me that I wear too
many mutual colors like too much grey
and I'm sorry but that is what I wear so
you guys will see how much color I don't
wear I actually won't be doing a
birthday haul this year because I didn't
really ask for much um since I do make
money from YouTube you know it's kind of
funny I guess my job I'm able to afford
you know um the clothes I get everything
like that so I just like feel bad like
there's things that I wanted but I feel
like why don't I just pay for it myself
like I just kind of feel bad when I like
ask my parents for money and stuff like
that so I really just asked for one
thing this year and I'm really happy
about it because I've been wanting it
been a long it's time but it is a Louis
Vuitton little coin purse I think that's
a foot it's called what are you doing
I'm so creepy what it looks like this
and it is 190 dollars just in case some
of you were wondering and I really
wanted this just to carry all of my you
know credit cards debit cards IDs
whatever stuff like that because I do
not carry money anymore I literally
never have
me so I don't like to carry a huge
wallet because half the time I carry
little satchels with me and my huge
wallet doesn't fit in those so I've just
been using this random little coin purse
from like Victoria Secret that's pink
and black I also think this is just a
great little gift to give to someone
that is special to you or family member
or something because it's obviously
pretty expensive but it's not like that
expensive um so I think it's very cute
I'm so happy about that all right so I
guess this is kind of turning into a
little birthday haul but I promise I
have like two more things to show you
guys I'm so also cleaning there's that
mean he's adorable the little flowers in
the mail and I was completely surprised
I had no idea so thank you very much to
the PR team at clean and clear they are
so sweet and they are beautiful they
made me smile so I just have those
chilling in my room and then also my
brother got me a card this morning I
want to show you guys it because it's
kind of ridiculous it says look who's
three come on it says some stuff and
then comes with stickers and like
everything is in pairs of three because
apparently I'd remember years old and
you're supposed to put them on like the
little cake you also just got me at my
favorite chocolate which is the it's
your deli caramel caramel chocolate I
don't know so that's really all that I
got for my birthday I mean as of right
now at least I don't know if my parents
are putting anything else I don't think
so
yeah I'm really happy to spend a good
day also my friends baked me a lot of
like cookies and brownies and cake and
cupcakes oh my god I that's all good
eating I didn't even eat my lunch
I am completely living off sweets right
now like that is all that I've been
getting today which it's not holiday at
all also I have not mentioned this on
YouTube yet but I am going to playlist
live in Orlando Florida in March and I'm
not really sure when it is
it's like the 22nd or 23rd or somewhere
around there I don't know but it's right
before it's the weekend before my Spring
Break starts so it's perfect and I'm
going with a bunch of my YouTube friends
American I honestly don't even know what
it is like I found out what it was right
before I bought the tickets I just
bought the tickets because I knew
everyone was going and I haven't seen a
lot of the girls in a very very long
time it's been since last summer I'm so
I knew that I want to go since it was
you know right on my spring break and
yeah I still don't know what it is it's
I guess it's like a concert but like you
meet youtubers as well I don't really
know I just thought the regular tickets
for all the days I didn't like sign up
to appear or anything because I know you
can do that but yeah kind of bluff any
of you guys are going because I think
that would be awesome we could meet and
stuff you're not going to hold like a
meet-up or anything but if you see me
then please come up and say hi so we can
like take pictures and talk and stuff I
love meeting you guys so that is very
very exciting and I think I'm going to
NYC IMATS I haven't bought in the what's
it called plane tickets yet I did sign
up for Press Pass which I'm not 18 yet
but Shh this will be the first time that
I've ever gone to any high mats which I
know is crazy because I am literally
like the only beauty guru who hasn't
gone to some sort of IMATS which is a
bit ridiculous
I don't I don't even know why but yeah
so I am forcing myself to go which not
not forcing because I really want to go
but like I'm going for a shirt like no
excuses
recently my friends and I um jumped a
car because my friend's car didn't work
so we use our other friend's car to jump
it and I actually got that on footage
it's been sitting on my phone for like
weeks right now but I think I'm gonna
edit that tonight and see if any of the
footage is even worthy of putting on
YouTube because it was so dark
outside but that was a very very funny
video so maybe that will be up very soon
so I'm going to end off today's vlog
because I don't really have anything
else to say and yeah I miss you guys I
know that I'm the worst second channel
vlogger ever
I literally abandon this channel since
its existence I'm just I'm really lazy
with this channel it's kind of bad but I
just I never know what to film on here I
don't know um so yeah that is it for
today's video I hope you guys enjoyed it
and yeah let me know if any of you guys
are going to and I see I'm at or play
this live or anything like that and
that's it okay bye
