why hello so we're going to point to
beach and we're checking out some cases
some things is actually I really don't
get we're going to make it eat and I'm
talking really weird because I have deep
them no I've whitening strips on right
now where's our car guys there are Jeeps
literally everywhere like everywhere
wherever you drive it's it's beautiful
because I want to joopa no older so
every time I see like a white Jeep oh my
god white chief right here every time I
see a white one I just freak out cuz I'm
obsessed with them oh my god there's
another one huh oh well I make my mom
sit in the back and I hate it
well you don't you love it yeah hello
Jeep we have arrives at the spouting
horn
I don't even know if it's illegal to be
there
that was a great experience super fun
that sounds sarcastic nothing serious
your leg is not the shoe she has bruises
underneath it's like huge here and here
- boo boo see you always get hurt like
always
hello so it's the last day which is
really sad
it's still morning times
or something and we just got dinner
I mean breakfast and we have to check
out by 12 and then we have to leave for
the airport at one anyway flight tunnel
Lulu then we're going to be in Honolulu
for four hours so we're probably gonna
do some shopping and I'm pretty sure
brandy melville isn't so hopefully we
get to stop by because that's my
favorite store and then we fly back home
which is going to be like a ten or
twelve hour flight which sucks but right
now I'm standing on the golf course
we have half an hour till we have to
checkout and this is a new shirt that I
got from here it says locals only but
yeah we have like half an hour and
what's it called we were here from
Sunday to Sunday so basically like for a
whole week and I know I didn't vlog
every single day I only have like what
like three or four Hawaii vlogs and I
feel bad but honestly like I'm here with
my parents alone and like all we did was
really just like go and sit at the beach
or visit like different sites and stuff
I guess I don't know but I really just
wanted to relax and kind of enjoy my
time here so I don't really worry too
much about vlogging and stuff um and
plus if I vlog every day like my blog
should be so boring so I am saving you
guys from a lot of time wasting but yeah
it's been really fun and it is hard to
get its hand in kawaii like which sounds
like kind of strange because you think
like why is like super hot and stuff but
it literally rains like every 10 minutes
and for some reason like this week it's
been so cloudy we're landing
we are
are at the what to come again I'll know
not
but it's yeah it's an outside shopping
center and it's so pretty inherently
different levels inside well we are here
and this is literally the biggest and
prettiest brandy melville I've ever been
to
we are now back at the airport in
Honolulu and we made it just in time to
eat some food so we're at a restaurant
in the airport and my mom and I got a
lot of stuff at brandy melville
so I definitely think I'll be doing a
haul oh I think I'm gonna get some
videos and I think our flight is like 10
hours right I saw just impressing me on
the plane and then right when we get
back home it's gonna be like 8 a.m. so I
have to come home as fast as I can get
dressed and then go to sport as I miss
you much like tests that I have to do on
Monday tomorrow you know your salads
huge I got kissed chicken quesadilla
soar on the plane now
look at how many soup your honor
versus one two three four five
I got a size and I'm gonna start IMSA
I'm finally home and it's not I am so I
have to go get ready for school so I
hope you guys enjoyed these vlogs and I
really have to go get ready for school
