so what we just landed and it is so much
I made her switch seats of we do bikes
total of 10 hours
the beautiful tree my god guys look at
the beautiful pipe this is our hotel and
it's beautiful Oh
I wanna be gentle all the fishies it's
so big
my dad and I decided to explore the
hotel a little bit so cute because
there's like benches this little area
we're walking on the beach
it's literally so beautiful like
everything the mountains the water
that'd be so cool to have one of those
like apartments over there what is this
love aw seriously focusable families
this is awesome I am so excited to swim
here tomorrow I'm sorry this vlog is
like not funny at all like I'm just with
my parents and I'm basically just
showing you guys the resort but it's so
pretty
and I just I can't I can't not show you
guys so it's like a bridge there it's
day two and we are planning on tanning
all day today because the weather is
absolutely beautiful this is my view
like you know it's whatever I haven't
really eaten anything except for like a
blueberry muffin for breakfast um so I
just went to their gift shop and they
seriously the cutest gift shop ever here
um they just have like really cool foods
and stuff so I just got a snack for
myself and I got like the weirdest
things ever
I got string cheese I don't know why um
it just looked really good in the store
and I have an egg string cheese in
literally like two years and I got one
of these fruit bars because I love these
um it's like very no and then I also got
island mango I'm guessing these are
dried mangoes or something like that
yeah haven't tried one yet but they're
like come on paper and this is like so
weird to me this is like the weirdest
taste ever I actually kind of good
though just like a pina colada
just like a chewy pina colada I like
them though and they're just they're so
gross looking look look at our girls
that looks I love this frickin resort
because it's literally so chill like
it's not really that populated
especially in this area right here
because there's like two different areas
there's like the beach in the pool and
then this is like the garden area and
there are so many different little like
sidewalks and like benches and stuff so
I'm just like sitting
hello guys um so I'm like super gross
and sweaty and sticky right now my
parents decided to go to the grocery
store something I really wanted to get
some food and I didn't really feel like
going so I went to their fitness center
inside so I just like ran on the
treadmill for like 40 minutes and then I
just did like countries and stuff and we
also got moved into a new hotel room
because the other one was like too small
so I want to do a quick little hotel
room tour yeah um this is the bathroom
and you walk in super nice actually
really like how these hotel rooms look
they're like really nice then we've got
this awesome little ledge right here
which I charge my phone on and we've got
a full mirror which is always great to
beds see art isn't this room like cute I
don't know I think it's cute
um I like the carpet I don't know yes
it's kind of weird but I do like it
and we have a pretty sucky view but
that's okay looks like that the pool is
right there um but I really care because
we're on the first floor and I would
hate to have like everyone see us so I
think it's nice how we're kind of like
you know blocked off by this wall or
whatever that is I'm tired I'm really
tired so I I'm gonna go take a shower
bye look who just showed up on our patio
oh my god so cute
you know she's our cat oh my gosh I'm
sorry I don't know what she wants guys
like we literally have nothing but like
an orange so I like tried to give her
some orange and she didn't want it and
we gave her water shouldn't want it yeah
I don't know what to do I like put out
my hand and she like was like sniffing
it but then she scratched it and I was
like okay I'm done
so I like wash my hand and everything
like I literally don't know what she was
