those are my brothers boxers so I
decided to multitask and vlog and
straighten my hair at the same time but
tonight I'm going out to dinner with my
cousin Nicole and I'm really excited
what is going on
um because I haven't seen her in months
so I'm very excited to catch up with her
my neighbors are like screaming they've
been screaming for the past like half an
hour I don't even know do you guys hear
that
they've literally been screaming like
that for the past half hour and I want
to shoot myself so with the car and we
are being super grown-up today because
we are going out to dinner we're talking
to the bf right now like half the stuff
I'm not even gonna put in I just like I
just film just everything so when I ride
drive I always accidentally turn on the
windshield wipers in the back of the car
and like no one in my family knows how
to turn them off like magically I guess
they just turned off maybe my dad does
it I'm not really sure but um I come
into the car and it calls like hey do
you know how to turn turn off the back
windshield wipers like no no this
happens to be every single day
Nicole definitely just made the worst
parking job I have ever seen let me show
you see this is how much room I have on
my side and you can't really see but
literally she's past the yellow line
like her tire is past the yellow line we
have to wait about like 30 minutes for
our table so we decided we're going to
stop by Ulta because it's close by and
you can never really pass up I'll tell
when it's nearby
right I guess I'm just starting to
myself yeah holy jesus my feet hurts so
bad already
really yes I never wear heels we're just
walking around like trying to find
something to buy something is like
scratching my foot
our little thingy started vibrating and
clots took a little too long at the cash
register so it's been beeping for like
10 minutes this is my food I ordered
vodka shrimp pasta and what you get
Nepal
do you seriously put a hat on
go ahead - go P so um we stopped by her
friend's house and she's peeing right
now how was your pee my PT was so
relaxed it was relaxing guys so aren't
you happy to hear that guys this is
totally happening right now do you see
how she's holding it she freakin took a
napkin because she doesn't want to touch
it clean the window just leave the
napkin it's okay
she's decided to clean her window
because um they were just a couple
little little smudges on the windshield
more than a couple actually yeah I
couldn't even see through it I hate stop
signs
I hate stop signs they took so long are
they so annoying when you're like
driving through like the neighborhoods
and stuff I just want a boy stop sign I
can't I remember the first time you
drove me and you don't even have your
permit I think we were driving to like
lunch or something and your mom your mom
like let you drive like half the way
there
I was like oh my god she can drive I was
sitting in the back house just like
because we were like 13 or something and
she let you drive quarter you were kind
of in the middle
so it's a tight squeeze oh my are you
kidding me I'm really about I'm just
gettin mirror house right now you are so
impatient oh my god poor girl I'm home
now we are going to end this vlog with a
