I know what I get out good morning
everyone welcome to upstairs
whoo you guys remember from my last vlog
I mentioned that I like sort of sprained
or hurt one of my toes it's been a
little difficult to walk but it's like
by now but don't you for a second doubt
that I wouldn't use this as an excuse to
not work out because I definitely I'm
just going to go to the gym and just
like fast walk on an incline
so as you guys saw I was catching up on
some YouTube videos on the treadmill but
also I was catching up on Harry Potter
because literally what else do I do with
my life I feel like I'm always talking
about and show you guys me listening to
Harry Potter like any type of book so I
want to remind you guys that I'm
listening to all of this on audible I'm
sure most of you guys know what it is
but it's a leading provider of so many
books and I'm all about it
love reading don't get me wrong but I'm
driving for a long time or I'm working
out or whatever and I don't really
listen to music that is the first thing
that I resort to because of that I
personally have the app on my phone I'm
almost done with Harry Potter and the
Prisoner of Azkaban it's the third book
in the series by JK Rowling I have an
hour and 40 minutes remaining so I'm
probably going to finish it today
honestly if I'm going to promote
anything or encourage you guys to join
in it's going to be this because you
guys see me using this at least at least
every other day so if you guys want a
30-day trial if you want to join in on
my little Harry Potter listening club or
pick out your own book whatever you want
you can just go to audible.com slash
claudia vlog i've got you guys you got
the hook-up it's down there but
seriously go fill your life with more
where more stories more knowledge that
is the one thing that no one will ever
be able to take from you so obsessed
with my gene and shoe combo today i'm
just wearing a simple black top because
my style is so freakin simple oh thank
you
I think it's art school yeah even people
roll off your like like you have coffee
you're like you're going to be happy in
five minutes right ah you do today is
Lauren's birthday I don't need to be on
set but obviously I'm taking the
opportunity to surprise her with some
good old coffee and a little bit of
susiecakes or favorite bakery so we're
going to surprise them they ran out of
the toasted coconut syrup and I was like
let's do the sugar-free vanilla and do
coconut milk and cold brew so we
improvised happy birthday Lauren does
any world
how does it feel you're 23 I feel so old
dude it's just the beginning
you're only just beginning
Chloe Chloe guess who beat you
hi red new suspension blue literally
yeah horrible so I've been reading and
waiting on set because Cameron also came
to surprise one so I'm gonna go meet him
right now and bring him in look who just
two showed up with these things
Claudia surprise her this morning and
now I came from set from something I'm
working on remember the more that she
has no idea she's going to be so much
more excited not a flower the best or I
could just no no it's perfect girl I
told you and I said he took the wrapping
off like it looks yeah yeah
it is so hot in my car we'll turn it off
a little bit do it for the vlog so that
was adorable Lauren had no idea that
either of us were going to come on set
chairman still over there I have to head
out because I've been here for about two
hours I got to get some work done
pick up some stuff you know when your
steering wheel is like burning hot it's
one of those days unlike Austin Powers
in that little cart right now we're like
every little movement matters so much
right now I am playing some throwback
music while filming my try on shots for
my haul and then I realized Oh starving
I am and it's 3:20 I have eaten lunch
yet so I'm going to make some food real
quick two things first off I've been
obsessed with this documentary on
Netflix lately it's called the Heinz I
think there's like seven to eight
episodes obviously has to do with
animals hunting and surviving all that
stuff and the shot sign saying I'm
obsessed with it so by watching that and
it also I want to ask you guys if any of
you have seen a documentary what's the
health apparently that's like a health
food related one that's super popular
right now I'm probably going to finish
the hunt for the spiders that they show
crazy mind-blowing fire ants are crazy
an entire colony of rats goes up
together every single day to hunt for
any sort of living organism they just
about anything that they can take over
every single day they find tons and
bring home 30,000 individual living
things that they feed on like other
insects other ant larvae like stuff like
that anyways isn't that crazy it's like
the largest hunt in the entire world
because it happens every single day
clearly very fascinated it's very fun
you should definitely go watch it I
recommend I don't have a lot of
groceries right now so I'm keeping lunch
very simple I use half a bag of this
rice medley from Trader Joe's it's just
frozen I'm probably going to add in two
eggs half of an avocado at the end and
then also in a bit I'm going to throw in
some spinach and get that cook in and
there here we have our lunch I just
chopped up the avocado put it on top and
yeah that's it I just got out of an
eyelash extension appointment so my
lashes are nice and long right now I'm
heading over to Party City to get some
decorations for Lauren's birthday
surprise party which we kind of blew
today in the group chat oh my god I'm so
mad at all of us it was basically no
one's fault but me Rebecca Chloe and
Lauren are in a group chat and so we
started telling her like the first plan
or the first part of the plan which is
to get like a girl's brunch and then
after that we're going to go to
Cameron's beach house and have all her
friends and family there to surprise her
but all of us accidentally continued the
conversation in the wrong group chat
about like visiting the beach house
tonight to start decorating or like I
don't know we said like something
specific obviously she was like what's
up what's going on I think we're going
to be fine I think we're going to play
it as like all of us just wanted to have
like girls like beach moment after lunch
or something like she definitely doesn't
think that like so many people are going
to be there to surprise her but it's
just so funny because almost like -
evidently had a moment of panic but it's
fine it's all good currently in Party
City I just put all my stuff on the
ground to send a fixture in the group
shot but I think this is going to be the
color scheme that I'm choosing so like
black silver gold hints of purple
there's something about these
color-coded aisles that are just so
satisfying for me got my supplies also
got two giant le balloons because we all
know that I would not be able to fit
happy birthday in this car so at least
we got one Elizabeth as into it it is
now 9:30 p.m. didn't vlog dissapoint way
that I scoffed down in the car but now I
am actually in Malibu it took me a
second to get here but me Cameron
Rebecca and Chloe are all meeting here
to decorate the whole place today get
all the food sorted all these balloons
everything so that tomorrow go
seamlessly didn't watch it ah you never
watch Harry Potter get out of my car
get up so I go yeah
Rebecca got here we're hanging out
Chloe's across the street now we're just
waiting for Cameron and we're going to
quadruple team this that makes sense
right instead of like we're double
teaming we're quadruples teaming right
yes that's gonna be the title I'm here
too okay
camera camera are you ready okay let's
do this we got into the beach house all
stuff we've got the balloons I think we
need to lower them they're way too high
right guys shouldn't we lower these a
little bit like here so many susiecakes
she's going to die she's going to die
and Qasimi go she was stopped blogging
with stop bugging initially that was
yeah I'm you chilly stop vlogging are
you I've given you a blonde shade yeah
this is like ending the vlog we're going
to go do our lives right now and like be
the boyfriend and best friend for
awesome okay bye guys
my vlogging camera died but we just
finished up it's so cute oh my god I'm
so proud we got some on the door here
happy birthday balloons on the floor and
guys we are so insane
we literally separated the colors of the
napkins and then also I bought three
different types of plates and we made
sure to alternate them so we get to
experience all of them as people grab
their stuff and I think it was good
having a thank you we need to get out of
here it's like midnight we gotta go come
on we love you oh right good morning
good morning good morning guys I've had
a freaking morning I don't even know
where to begin I guess we'll start off
with getting hacked that happened 7:00
a.m. I get a text from my team and
they're saying oh my god Claudia your
Twitter just got hacked and your YouTube
the hackers posted like two videos on my
channel and tweeting all these things
getting a bunch of people and so I spent
like two and a half hours like going
back and forth with everyone on my team
being like what do I do I said it I said
it all so I'm with Rebecca hey is anyone
surprised always what do you have in
your first Lawrence or then let's see
what I had in my personal what it was up
Rose having to be here this is not a
realize this is not a real life all for
like no oh oh oh yeah go in the middle
I'm sure you guys thought oh wow you're
so healthy no more shadow wrench Oh
Google services because Elizabeth yeah
that was our problem we came out of that
I'm going to camp out for him all my
favorite cookies always always wait
Hunter hunter how did you get the invite
this isn't a beach day this is Lauren's
birthday you're not I I don't understand
why Claudia yeah I saw that Skyler has
some sort of stand up and he's prepared
let's just keep this rolling okay go
ahead so so first as I how about you
you're right I did it in some time yeah
I'm John Gray yeah that's really don't
want what I'm going to work on more but
that's what I have to watch I get it now
because of you Oh Mike what is going on
over here honestly you could not be
doing statistics it's a boomerang it's
real life happy Lauren
big away
