guys starters here vlogging - so the
only person home right now is my brother
and I've been trying to convince him to
drive us so maybe you can help
oh it's you oh yeah it's a Walgreens I
tried using my cat but it didn't work
it's my birthday on this morning would
we have to go he doesn't want to drive
us
he literally like scandals more than I
do
oh you little bastard
oh my god we're in the car put your
seatbelt on Claudia safety first do not
have a middle seat but are you that's a
process coming it takes you know what
takes a co-head hombre first like five
feet up and then just are you kidding me
I've never seen like no yeah you're like
four chicken tenders like this big yeah
and then you get like four corners of a
waffle so like one waffle split into
four and then then you get like barbecue
sauce or whatever you wanted and then
just their sauces on the sides I just
eat my chicken first and then
and I put those down and I totally
sounds like the worst mix the dollars
really it's like a nightmare it's big
dinner and breakfast here so these are
the ones I like to get revlon Frost and
glow yeah soldier hold it
I chose
it's good in an ammo shield because I
didn't winding my teeth and they're like
they're like
yeah I'm like halfway through I offer
not even doing anything what is it what
it's doesn't matter
oh my god home Linens I love the smell
when you bone those called cotton and it
smelled exactly after yeah and she was
like I was like no bleach powder this is
what my Kevin this is what my bro this
is what my brother chooses at Walgreens
candles what is it smell like classes
I think that's mediocre wait let me see
the candle there's like a crack in it
was it some kind of candy oh my god you
know the the candies that come out of
the machine the Pez past it take it slow
it smells like another freakin chapstick
it's like Pez it smells like shiny
smackers it smells like a candy flavored
smackers my brother just discovered the
candle aisle and he's freaking out
Oh God
oh my god I'm gonna have to buzz myself
that once was good just kidding wedge
into the spot so let's see this is what
I chose they're using me for my money my
brother has to get mad wash so I'm
buying a mouthwash we're also getting
this because there's three of us so we
don't want this and I have to pay for it
and then there's to some there's two
softly I'm sorry I said oh there's two
of us perfect I'm also getting this is
creamsicle I have like more dark colors
and I want like every time I like end up
leaving with new we need a like dire
hair like now and my brother is delaying
us
not a favor already but still we got our
soft lips
so my brother's going to IHOP right now
to get his chicken waffle we have to do
a speedy hair tie slash video recording
because we have like less than two hours
so we just finished and her hair blonde
it is it turned out so good you can't
really tell from this lighting actually
you can't it's yeah this Lang is making
it look more orange e but it's like it's
blonde or a blonde you know it's blonde
- it'll never been shoot alright off to
work you guys yeah so she has to go and
there was some extra leftover dies you
know I had to take advantage of it and
put some in so my sound yeah so I'm
going to dinner with my other cousin
today but I think I'm gonna make that a
whole different video because this video
was just so amazing I have to go it
deserves its own video her ID is waiting
for her
