hi everyone it's friday morning before
school and i'm very excited because
today we're going on a field trip and i
haven't gone on a field trip since
middle school so I'm very excited it's
for history class and the only period
that I have to go to is first period
which is math and it's actually perfect
because I have to take a math test right
now so I don't have to like make it up
later earlier or whatever so I'm happy
that I'm able to do that and yeah I want
you guys my outfit so this is what it
looks like it's pretty simple I'm
wearing it this brownish black like
scarf from brandy melville it's a
infinity scarf and then underneath I'm
wearing this white tank from Toby calm
this button up shirt is also from Toby
calm and it's like acid wash it's super
big and long so I'm just wearing it as
like a cardigan um and then I just have
some black leggings from forever 21 and
must you've met in combat boots which I
we're literally every day and you guys
know that and then also I have this
black satchel from chicnova I will see
you guys later I'm gonna go take my math
test whoo so hello we're on the bus and
we're going to feel true
don't like
read a folder no I don't want to hold it
yeah my name is
say your Andres every time I swear every
time after time I record my friends
someone is shouting my like whole
address in the background and I'm forced
to take it out of the video you're so
so we are here and my camera dives
that's why he's in my phone is because
she likes we have you can like 10 page
packet on all the hill on all the
different subjects and the questions are
like so horrible detail on you pay her
ass it's sucks like I honestly think I
would rather being sported a table
really be in school I don't know forever
but yeah so we have to like follow our
schedule and it doesn't way to eat lunch
now and it's only like 1030 which kind
of sucks but well just a tad too early
but we're gonna eat and then we're gonna
continue on
we just ate
some nasty disgusting corner bakery
quality soup that was good hider
sandwich very small here's this tiny
years I got very lucky cup I'm like
actually literally have to be like right
on it you just went out early going
through what we have to write about Asia
Estelle and the ancient development so
cute
oh that's a girl omega-3 I thought it
was like huge I hate them I don't know
that's a big hit like a nice are these
like real stuffed animal like your
smells like they're real oh god it's
mostly to see ya we just finished going
through the H in America's and there was
literally like five pages of questions
on this area so what we decided do is we
kind of assign everyone like three
problems
the end to it it's a p.o hope we did um
yeah so right now we're going to go sit
for her bakery and get all of the
answers happy who's for bed yes then we
have to go to Asia and for sure probably
like why is she doing this and then
we're done such as a
colossal
okay I'm gonna stay with you Stone had
which may have been used wait colossal
stone Nets don't had like stone yeah it
has shaved his head which may have been
used to glorify so people find any harm
yes I don't make it to less period okay
so i had a spanish quiz today lost my
behind period but i don't tell my
teacher that I was gonna be fought
through a field trip because I didn't
want to get up early so on monday i'm
gonna be like hey can I take a chance
we use like these foam blocks to yoga a
couple days ago one of the ladies like
her blog she set it up in front and when
I like put my foot up during like the
down dog position I kicked it back so I
just got home and I also changed my
camera to this one I know I changed my
camera's like a hundred times in each
blog but I just I don't like filming off
my phone but this is literally like the
happiest day of my life okay first off
my mom put the tree up you guys know
that I always put it in the cell I mean
my mom puts in this little pot thing so
there's a tree it's still naked but you
know looks cute I'm excited and i also
got three packages in the mail um so
yeah one of them is for my new lighting
for my videos like can't wait I think
I'm going to film a video for my main
channel tonight some Seok said to use
them yeah don't really know what that
one is for and I have no idea what that
box is far i think i may have a clue but
um yeah sadly i just i don't know yet
but i'm very excited to open those up so
i'm going to open those up once i'm done
eating and ready for this as if this day
could not get any better hey let me turn
the lights on because it's so dark my
mom bought me chinese food and it's
waiting for me on the table and chinese
food is my favorite food in the entire
world so i just i love her i think she
got me some like broccoli beef stuff
looks kind of gross cuz it's like all
saucy know Oh smells so good and a mini
little rice thing I hate how this camera
is so up close my face that's mine ever
vlog fit but yeah this has literally
been the best day like my math test I
think I did really good on kind of
narrows con easy I guess the field trip
the pictures and Chinese food I'm just
very content right now i'm a happy girl
I'm just going to update you guys once
i'm done eating and stuff like that oh
also my mom put up our mini little tree
in our TV room so that's really exciting
i think i'm gonna film like a tutorial
in front of that tree today possibly
maybe i don't know um but yeah I'm
seriously gonna eat cuz I'm starving so
I just finished eating
and I was way too excited to open up my
packages so I'm kind of sitting on the
floor right now but honestly like the
clean and clear PR team are the sweetest
except first off they gave me this
little bit oh my god it's so glittery
how pretty is that oh my gosh and they
just put on a little note and yeah they
just gave me a couple of their products
oh my gosh so sweet they literally just
make my day I'm so excited so they sent
me a couple of their products and also
guys I was not expecting this out they
set me holiday cupcakes how awesome is
that so I got a bunch of cupcakes and
I'm so excited because I love cookies ah
and I haven't opened my cowboy studio
package yet but I shall do that now
after i eat a cupcake i'm going to open
that up and set it up and stuff but yeah
i'm so thankful i freaking love between
your charities they know where it's at
when it comes to cupcakes um and they're
just the bus so i just set up the lights
and i love them I'm so excited to use
them they didn't come with instructions
it's set to look on youtube if you want
to know how to set them up but they were
pretty easy to do so yeah I did that
myself and i'm going to be filming a
tutorial right now actually right now
I'm just importing some fledge from what
you guys just saw so that i can use my
camera and I have my makeup set out kind
of not really and yeah I'm ready to go
I'm just waiting for my camera but I'm
so excited to see how these lights work
and how the lighting is going to look so
yeah this is it
