hi guys so first off I just want to
apologize for the really naughty and
gross looking hair today because in gym
class were doing swimming right now we
are on week two out of three weeks and I
just I love it I love walking through
the hallways with dripping wet hair and
all my makeup washing off its the
greatest feeling ever so um yeah so
that's why I'm looking kind of gross
right now because I haven't taken a
shower yet because I just got home from
school um so first I'm just going to
start up by showing you guys my outfit
of the day because pretty much do this
and every one of my vlogs so my outfit
is pretty basic today I'm just wearing
this semi cropped like muscle tee cutoff
shirt and this is from brandy Melville
it just has a bear on it and it says
California Republic and then I just have
a leather like bracelet on and hair tie
and then I'm just wearing some dark
skinny jeans and my steve madden combat
boots and that's it it's literally the
most basic outfit ever but yeah so i
have not talked about this on youtube
yet but last friday i got mini fridge in
my room it's actually right here my
beautiful mini fridge i'm obsessed with
it it looks like this oh I had a couple
things in it but I already ate / drink
them um and it's really cute because it
has a little freezer in there and the
door is really nice and I'm obsessed so
right now I'm going to the grocery store
with my mom to get some groceries for
the fam and also i'm buying some of my
own groceries to put my mini-fridge
probably like yogurt and fruit and
pretty much that stuff i'm going to try
to keep the food in there very healthy
sadly I was not able to film any videos
this weekend because I went on this mini
little like vacation trip with my family
my family friends we do it every year
where we run out this little house in a
forest and there's like a Jacuzzi in the
backyard and like a little campfire so I
wasn't able to fill many videos this
weekend because I was
the whole weekend which kind of sucks I
know you guys can see my awesome tan
line from tennis but um yeah so I just
came home from the grocery store and I
already put away all my food in my
mini-fridge and it looks so cute I just
I don't know why I think it looks cute
but um my fridge just looks really cute
when it's all stocked with food but I'm
not gonna show you guys what I got today
because I actually want to film like a
once in my mini-fridge type of video for
my main channel because I don't know I
just think that would be cute I just
used the word cute like six times within
the last minute but um yeah so just came
back and I'm in my tennis not tennis um
I'm in my workout clothes right now
because I'm going to yoga oh I just hit
my knee I'm going to yoga in an hour um
so I just decided to change for it now I
think I'm just going to try to fit in as
much homework as I can before yoga and
then after yoga i'm just gonna have to
do more homework so i'm pretty sure you
guys have seen me change like a total of
three times in today's video but i
promise this is the last time because
I'm in my pajamas right now and I don't
like change pajamas throughout the night
it'd be really weird um but yeah so um
you know though was fun it was
surprisingly a lot more challenging than
I thought it would be today because I
always do like sculpt classes or like
use the weights and stuff because those
are like the hardest classes I feel like
I get the best work out of those I went
to like a new teacher today because I
just I don't know how I just wanted to
try it and she was like surprisingly
pretty tough so it was good i'm trying
to think if i have anything interesting
to tell you guys because this vlog is
very boring i know i just i fail if
flogging because every time i vlog I
never end up taking you guys anywhere
just show you guys my outfits and then I
just talk in front of the camera and
it's like in my bathroom that in my room
then my bathroom than my roof and I
never end up like it going anywhere
because my life is just it's not very
exciting during the weekdays so um you
guys are just going to have to deal with
these bathroom blogs but um yeah so Oh
recently I don't know why this just came
to my head but recently I've been
obsessed with the app pocket planes oh
my gosh I've literally been playing it
like throughout school every single day
I like fly all my planes during the
passing periods and then when I'm like
that doing anything during class and
play on it I just I've been obsessed it
so i definitely recommend it I got
hooked on because all that glitters 21
talked about it I recommend it again so
i think i'm going to end off today's
video because i still have a little bit
more homework to do i'm thinking about
starting one of the two essays that i
have due next friday next week so i
better get on to that and i will see you
guys later bye
