hi guys so today I'm going to start off
my vlog by showing you guys what I wore
to school today because I'm probably
going to change into sweatpants in like
five minutes
because I like to be comfortable when
I'm at home so this is the outfit that I
wore today it's pretty simple but yeah
so starting out with the top I am
wearing this mint green like sheer
button-up shirt and this is from
necessary clothing and I just rolled up
the sleeves and then underneath I just
have a black band oh and then for my
pants I'm wearing these black jeans and
these were featured in my newest haul
that I uploaded yesterday so I will link
that haul video down below if you guys
have not seen it yet and then I'm also
wearing my new Steve Madden boots that I
also featured in my haul from yesterday
and these are these Steve Madden
troopers they don't have any spikes or
anything on them and that's the reason
why I got them because I just wanted
really simple black boots so that is my
outfit take one last look at it before I
change so one of the main reasons why I
wanted to vlog today was because I got a
couple of things in the mail and if you
guys follow me on Twitter then you would
know that recently I've been obsessed
with going to yoga like hot yoga and
like all those different classes so I've
been sort of obsessing over that and
I've been going like at least every
other day with my friend Kate so
basically I just bought a couple of
things for yoga and for working out so I
decided to just do a little fitness haul
for you guys so starting off with what I
got yesterday in the mail I got this and
this is a yoga towel and it's by the
brand yogi toes I think and it's
basically a towel that goes on your yoga
mat and on the other side it has little
rubber grippies so on the complete side
so um the reason why I bought this is
because when you're doing like hot yoga
or more like aggressive classes where
you sweat a lot your mat just gets
really slippery and you can't like grip
onto anything so it's very important to
get like a yoga towel or just place a
towel underneath you because then it you
know catches your sweat and like absorbs
the sweat and you won't be sliding
everywhere so I got this one and the
lighting is making it look kind of blue
but it's more purpley
it's just like a tie-dyed marble color
and I have a dark purple yoga mat so you
guys know how I am with my OCD and
everything matching so I got that and
everything I got like matches with my
yoga mat so my second package was my
Camelback water bottle and I guess I
could have bought it at the store but
whenever I go they never have this water
bottle so I just bought it offline and
this is the Camelback spill-proof
insulated whatever water bottle but this
is the one where it's like blue and then
pink and then it looks purple so of
course it matches you know but I'm
really really excited to use this I've
heard so many things about these and yes
so I got that and then my last package
is from Lululemon
and it already ripped open here so first
off I got another yoga towel for my mat
so it has the grip these little balls on
one side and this one's simple it's just
light blue and then it has like black
lining so I got two because when you get
really sweaty like you obviously have to
wash them after your classes and since I
go so frequently I can like alternate
between the two and then the most
exciting thing of all I was so excited
to get this in the mail this is the keep
on running duffel and I'm so excited to
use this oh my gosh so this is basically
going to be my workout bag because this
is great for yoga first off because it
unzips it unzips in the front on both
sides and you can slip your yoga mat
through here so you can you don't
actually have to hold your yoga mat it
just goes through these slots let's see
what else oh my gosh this is so exciting
so I'm definitely going to film a what's
in my workout bag on my main channel
once I start using this bag and kind of
figuring out how I like to use it what I
like to store inside so I'm gonna go
right now because I want to fully look
at this and just enjoy it
so I will talk to you guys later so
today is Friday
I didn't really end up filming anything
else on Wednesday because all I did was
just do my homework and then I went to
bed so yeah so I'm continuing this vlog
today is Friday and it's like 7 o'clock
right now and my friend Neela is picking
up my friends and all right and we're
gonna go somewhere but they don't really
know where so I guess we'll see so now
we're gonna do the classic outfit of the
day in front of my mirror actually I
guess outfit of the night but I'm
wearing my new muscle t cut shirt from
forever 21 and it just has Miss Khalifa
on it and it has some red accents on it
and I think it looks very cute and then
I'm just wearing a black band oh
underneath because it kind of goes down
a little bit then I'm wearing these
black leggings and I love them because
they have rips going down all the way
down the sides you can't really see it
because they're kind of scrunched up
towards the knee but they just have
slits going down the sides and then it's
normal on the back in front and then I'm
wearing my Steve Madden black combat
boots and as for my purse this one is
from chic Nova calm I've been obsessing
with this one so that is my outfit stop
aids got her Mickey D's and now we're
targeting Target with me because I love
Target and could you say anything it's
of the day
so I'm kind of lying on myself right now
because I have the light on on my phone
it's really dark
the major saw Brian furnace one get up
to about some probably or anyways it was
was eerie and our job no Neela's traffic
cop
today was you such-and-such
so it's 11 o'clock
and I just got home so obviously you
guys can tell that I still can't film
and with my friends it just it doesn't
work out I don't know why it just never
happens
um so yeah I got a couple things from
Target so I just wanted to show you guys
them before I end today's video so first
off I got these gloves and they were
like three dollars and these are the
touch screen gloves so on the thumb and
the index finger it has like this
special material where you can use it on
touch screen phones so that's perfect
you know since I have an iPhone and plus
I've always had that problem too
I just got these they were all black
like they had all black ones too but I
don't know I thought this direct ones
were kind of cute and then also I got
this little beanie right here I've been
searching for beanies everywhere and I
still cannot find the perfect black one
but I found this one it was like twelve
dollars and it's like a really pretty
teal like turquoise II color and it
looks so cute so I'm really really happy
about this but I I have yet to find a
black one I'm kind of mad but whatever
and then the last thing why am i showing
you guys this I don't know but it's
extra gum and it's in the shade and the
shade Yeah right there life is a beauty
goo uh-huh it's in the flavor polar ice
and I like this gum a lot so that's why
I showed you guys okay so I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video and I'm gonna
go brush my teeth and take a shower and
get my pajama and probably watch some
Gossip Girl on Netflix and that's it so
I will see you guys for another vlog
hopefully soon because I love filming
vlogs I seriously think it's so fun and
I don't know why
don't do them every single day but yeah
so that is it and I will talk to you
guys later bye
