hey guys so today I felt like doing a
follow me around vlog because tonight we
are celebrating one of my best friend
michelle's birthday and we are going to
a haunted house which is really exciting
so I thought this would be interesting
to vlog so that's why I decide to vlog
so first I'm gonna show you guys my up
for the night just in case if you guys
are wondering um so I'm wearing my Steve
met in combat boots with spikes on them
and then I'm wearing these skinny jeans
from Hollister and they just have a rip
on the knee and then I'm wearing this
NYC like bone looking shirt from brandy
melville and I'm also wearing this
really long knit cardigan and for my
purse I'm wearing this black cross body
bag from chic Nova com and i've been
obsessed with it because i love the
shape it's kind of like a square so it's
a little bit different and that is my
outfit of the night yeah it is oh where
the haunted house now yeah it's it's
really cold I did not dress up well for
this you know it's really dark on it I
know it's okay yeah i jolly man I'll and
you yeah there's like a corn maze north
of all time and then the haunted house
and
we parked in like a party no garden okay
so like this is like the little parking
area and then back there is where all
the semi trucks are probably like the
trucks and guard all this license up and
it's like a garden place or whatever
we're like driving around there we're
like okay this place is so sketch like
there's no cause or anything hey um
maybe he and so we like you guys when he
looks no we walked around and we
realized that we part the wrong spot but
but uh the semi-truck area scary enough
for night that watch watch that Aereo be
scarier than the house ignite jogging
that was scary until now yeah telescope
was really picture you and Dan light
within you okay well it goes but the
vlog has started the Blair we are going
into the corn maze I'm not the true part
yeah you are here you're walking next to
me I don't wanna corazon together okay
okay Lucy can you hold on my shoulders
right here I need protection you guys I
yeah seriously adriana is fearless I'll
lead the group oh yeah you're the one oh
my god it's our birthday yeah it's your
birthday yeah ah how old are you I don't
care yeah this one hi hi oh yeah there's
gonna be a person I bet you know they're
right there BAM nope right here right
here look up no I'm looking down you
know you yeah I thought I got rid of you
yeah what okay well you let us back
thought maybe this without would buy
that scares the next guy I wasn't even
excited I did get it Oh few things i
never said i was fearless Oh ladies oh
my god thing about the haunted house mmm
wasn't bad it was good no no it wasn't
scary Tommy's got speed what me and
Adriano where the troopers you in front
oh my god screams like water not even I
think we just scream when they're trying
to scare other people yeah that's true
look at that's really and I wrote 15
first and then tried to change to 16
that's funny I thought Michelle tell
your first like Sir can see the ice
creams me know MichellePhan sarcastic
I'm sick it's in your Peterson tom there
is no foul language on the
beyondbeautystar
oh my god it was like to me
so I'm ending off today's vlog on my
beautiful macbook camera I know the
quality is amazing just you don't need
to tell me uh-huh so I ended up not
vlogging as much as I thought I would um
but first off like the lighting was just
horrible I mean obviously you guys just
saw how bad the lighting was like the
haunted house is like all my footage was
just black and I like tried to put in
some like decently interesting moments
where you can hear our voices like
screaming or something i don't really
know but i also got yelled at a bunch of
times to put my camera away because
you're like not supposed to have video
cameras or like anything like that in
there so i didn't really get to like
vlog at all during that but yeah and
then also um I feel like every single
time I try to vlog my friends it just
fails miserably and it just never turns
out successfully like you know you have
those times with your friends when if
you just like you're like going on a
good joke and you're just like creating
this awesome memory of just like a funny
moment and then you just like you forget
to pull out your camera and then when
you do pull your camera it's just like
no one has anything to say so it's just
like this is awkward so I always pull my
camera out like right after like we have
some funny joke going on that is like
semi interesting to vlog about so that
sucks because then my vlogs just end up
being pretty boring and you guys are
probably like I don't really care um so
yeah i i'm i'm getting slightly better
was blogging with my friends I just just
got to get into the swing of whipping
out the camera during those funny
moments because I always forget but it
also it's just really hard to film with
my friends because our humor is just so
like either someone says someone else's
last name or says in a bad word or if
they see something perverted or I don't
know um yeah that is it for today's
video I hope you guys enjoyed it I know
it was really short so I'm sorry about
that but I had a fun night
that's pretty much it so i will talk to
you guys later and yeah bye
