hey guys so today I just wanted to
update you guys and talk for a little
bit because if you may have not noticed
I've been sort of in my a on youtube so
i want to explain myself a little bit
and then just kind of talk with you guys
because i haven't in a while so i miss
you guys ok so first off the reason why
i haven't been making very many videos
is honestly because my schedule has been
so in sight and hectic the same exact
thing happened to me last year and it's
happening to me right now and it's all
because of the tennis season um you guys
probably already know this because i
talked about it so much but i'm on my
high school's tennis team which means
that i have practiced every single day
during the week and i come home at like
630 every single night and then i have
to eat and take a shower and then by
that it's like 730 or something and then
i have a buttload of homework to do so I
never have any time to film videos
during the week sometimes I'll try to
film on like wednesday mornings because
I've wait arrival but I wasn't able to
last week because I think I'd to like
going earlier or something and then also
my schedule this year sucks so much I
literally don't see any of my friends I
see like one of my friends during math
class and I don't even talk during math
class so the fact that I'd never see any
of my friends during the week I want to
spend every single second with them
during the weekend so I always try to
make the most of my weekends and spend
as much time as I can with my best
friends so that's why I really haven't
been able to be making any videos and
then plus I have like tennis matches and
like meats and games during the weekends
as well so my schedule has just been so
insane with like all the homework and
tennis I've been having but um yeah I
don't know what I'm gonna do honestly
I'm going to try to like start filming
more on Sundays and stuff but lately I
haven't been able to but I am today
which is good um so yeah I'm really
sorry but once like the tennis season
over is over I'm going to get back into
it because I prefer filming during the
week because that's like my alone time
because
I don't really like hang out with people
as often doing the knee if you guys know
I'm saying um so I'm sorry you're just
gonna have to stick with me and just get
through it i have like a couple more
weeks of the tennis season but once it's
over i'm going to get back into the
swing of things so yesterday I actually
sat down and I started writing a list of
a bunch of videos that I want to do on
my main channel and I came up with a lot
I'm really really excited I'm not going
to show you guys because it's like a you
know you'll have to see it's a surprise
but um I'm really really excited i have
a bunch of different cooking videos that
i want to do and then also i have some
tutorials and nail tutorials oh my gosh
you guys know how I am with my nail
tutorials I love getting creative with
those and doing those they're like my
favorite videos to do ever so I have a
bunch of nail tutorials that I came up
with so I'm probably gonna search it up
on YouTube tonight to see if anyone else
have has done them before because that
has happened to me so many times where I
like come up with an ounce tutorial and
then I look online to see if anyone has
done it in like five people have already
done it so have to make sure that no one
has done them and then I have some look
books that I want to do and some like
fashion videos and oh my gosh I'm so
excited but I don't know when I'm gonna
have the time to film all these this
makes me so sad um yeah and then I
started like coming up with like a
Christmas recipe is right there so yeah
I'm just excited guys okay um so if you
guys can wondering what I did this
weekend I'm us to talk about on friday
we went to our high schools football
game which was really fun because it was
our first home game of the season and i
love going to high school football games
here so much fun so that's like all we
did on friday because I literally had to
like come home take a shower get dressed
and go to the game and then i came home
at like ten o'clock so yeah and then
saturday i was
chilled with my friends we just had a
blast and then today I have a birthday
dinner so that is all that's really been
going on I just filmed a what's my
backpack video on my main channel that
was a coin so I will leave that down
there once i upload it because i think
i'm uploading this before the backpack
one but i'll leave it down there when i
do upload it ok this is really really
random but recently i got a henna kit
like i do it yourself at home henna kit
and if you guys don't know what henna
tattoos are there basically temporary
tattoos that look like that they like
turn brown on your skin and they stay on
for a couple weeks i can click two or
three weeks nightly sure but I was
thinking that I want to do a really
really cool design on my hand and I mean
I don't know if you guys would be
interested in this but maybe if you guys
want to see me do it like what if I
recorded me doing it and then like put
in a voiceover and made it almost like a
little like do-it-yourself like henna
tutorial like is that kind of weird
because I feel like no one has like ever
done that like a beauty guru so I think
they'd be kind of different in kind of
fun so comment below and tell me if you
guys think I should film it when I'm
doing this someday um and like turning
it into a cute little like do yourself
video or whatever so couple if you want
that or if you don't it's not like weird
i don't know is it just me or does this
lady look exactly like the mother from
Freaky Friday I seriously thought it was
her at first but I don't think it is but
looks like her ok well i think i'm going
to go because i want to film an outfit
of the day right now while the lighting
is really nice so um i hope you guys
enjoyed today's quick vlog and I'm sorry
that I had no time to film videos I
really really hate it I just want the
time to season to be over so that I can
get back into the swing of things but
whatever I'm just gonna have to stick
through it so I hope you guys enjoyed
today's video and I will talk to guys
there bye
