it's basically like right there really
excited I've been thinking about it for
a very long long long time so I'm
getting that done today and I'm very
excited not really scared or nervous at
all just because I know that it's gonna
be really quick and whatever oh I'm a
big girl so not only that scared but I
haven't gotten my ears pierced
or like anything pierced since I was
like 1 years old because all I have is
like the one piercings but I don't know
if I ever want to get like cartilage
beers or like down here some more but I
heard that once you start piercing ears
you get addicted so I mean we'll see but
uh um yeah I'm getting that done today
so I'm just waiting for my mom to come
home and once she comes home we're gonna
leave it's actually pretty late so I'm
texting her to hurry up but I'm very
excited I think that's her
wait I don't want to watch it without
you no need to don't worry about it
take nice deep
okay anything that you think of in your
mind I couldn't pass my duty
ha ha so I'm back home now and I got it
pierced so there it is it's so pretty I
love it so much
and it wasn't like that bad at all um I
was getting nervous driving there and
then once I was there I was like kind of
freaking out I was like shaking a little
bit
um but once she did it it honestly hurt
for like half a second and then I was
like are you done then she's like yeah
I'm like oh perfect so it didn't hurt at
all I love it so much oh my gosh I'm so
obsessed I love it I cook we want to
show you guys the coolest thing ever so
my brother does this thing I don't know
what's it called it's like gloving like
gloves I don't know how it is but
basically you put these gloves on and
there's like lights on the tips of your
fingers and they're like different
colors and they like are like strobe
lights or they can just be normal or I
mean I don't know it's kind of hard to
explain but he's been doing my brother
kevin has been doing this like all
summer he's been practicing because I
don't know it's really like popular
where we are like all these friends do
it and it's really cool you do it to
like dubstep music no it's a-- and like
basically you do all this like cool
stuff in the dark and it it looks so
cool so just like five minutes ago my
brother did a little show for my mom and
i so i recorded it and because of
copyright reasons i'm not going to put
the whole thing in it just because I'm
adding the editing this off my phone and
I can't like put in other I mean I don't
know if I can I don't know but I'm only
gonna put parts in because I don't want
this video to get copyrighted but I just
want to show you guys because it looks
so so cool and yeah so you can watch
that right now
so I hope you guys enjoyed that clip and
this video as well if you guys are
wondering about this actually is
starting to hurt now like it didn't
really hurt while I was getting it like
I mentioned before but now it's starting
to feel the pain it's a little bit it's
a little bit sore but I haven't touched
it yet I'm too scared don't touch it I
also got some like solution stuff to put
on it which is right here hopefully
doesn't say anything on it yeah it just
looks like that so that is it for
today's video I hope you guys enjoyed it
and I'm so excited about my new piercing
alright well that's it bye guys
