hey you guys so today I'm going to be
updating my life with you guys because I
have not done a sit-down vlog on this
channel in a very long time so that's
what I'm doing so first off I haven't
been able to record any videos this
entire week because I've had tennis
tryouts every single day and it's been
for three and a half hours every single
day and it is so hot out and I'm getting
so sweaty but yeah I'm really excited
for tennis to begin again because I will
most likely be on the team yeah I was on
it last year and it was really fun so
I'm excited for that but it takes up a
lot of my time like I remember last year
during the tennis season I was really
really not very good with the video
uploading so I have to make sure to like
upload a lot of videos even though I'm
playing tennis every single day but I
don't have it tomorrow on Sunday which
is good so I will be filming a beauty
video tomorrow um also this is kind of
random but I wanted your guy's opinion
on my makeup because normally I never
wear eyeliner on my entire waterline
like all the way into the inner
tear-duct
normal just right halfway or not at all
I can't tell if it looks like I'm
wearing too much makeup or if it looks
too overwhelming so comment below and
tell me what you guys think because I
kind of like it but I never wear this
much eyeliner but I don't know I kind of
like it today so yeah that and well also
I wanted to update you guys on my
Netflix life so last time I talked about
Netflix I was watching Prison Break and
gosh my hair okay anyways so I was
watching Prison Break and I finished it
the two last episodes I bawled my eyes
out it is so sad I cried for like an
hour afterwards but it's a great great
like TV show I definitely recommend
watching it so if you guys are wondering
what I'm currently watching now because
I'm always watching something on Netflix
I just started Breaking Bad which is
about a chemistry teacher and one of his
former students
get together I mean like they don't both
decide it's a long story but like they
come together and they start cooking
crystal meth and they want to like start
and dealing it and stuff and there's
just
I'm only an episode like three or four
but it's already so like action-packed
and I can definitely tell us that it's
going to suck me in and I've also read
like reviews online and stuff and
everyone says that Breaking Bad Breaking
Bad what everyone says that Breaking Bad
is a very very good shot against very
addicting so so far I'm really liking it
so yeah it kind of Minds me a
prison-break it has that same kind of
theme to it it's like it's like
mysterious but like action kind of like
thriller boy oh no I'm so sad I start
school in five days I do not want summer
to end at all I do not want to get back
into taking tests and homework dealing
with teachers oh my gosh so excited no
I'm kidding yeah that really sucks this
summer has gone by so fast and
definitely one of the main reasons it's
because I took summer school I took
three classes if you guys didn't know
that and that took up so much time and
that's really sad and I actually thought
this summer was gonna be a lot more fun
than it ended up being I mean I did go
to New York which is super awesome and
then also I went to Lollapalooza which
respond because my first time going but
other than that like my friends and I
really didn't do much this summer you
just like sat around every Cilla day um
so yeah that kind of sucks hopefully
next summer will be a little bit more
exciting my hair Jesus so I just want to
update you guys on my room a little bit
because I know that
with redecorating my room like last year
or something a lot of you guys were
really into that and just really
interested in that kind of stuff so I
clean my room yesterday and I kind of
moved some furniture around and I'm
actually kind of starting to get annoyed
of this damask pattern I mean not
annoyed but just bored of it so I think
eventually maybe in like a year or
something I'm going to not happen
anymore and just make my room super
super simple like I want to get new bed
sheets and everything because my bed
sheets like suck like I don't even have
a comforter it's just like a random
blanket I found in the house and they're
like a black fuzzy blanket that my mom
got and I actually don't have any
pillowcases on my pills right now cuz
I'm washing them but I'm like missing
two pillows maybe they're under my bed I
don't really know but I want to get like
a whole new comforter I never want to
get like I think I want to get just like
a white one I just want good just like
not good but um I just want a very
simple white comforter so I've kind of
been cleaning my room like this entire
week more like cleaning out because I've
had a lot of crap in my room that I just
don't use and it just sits there and
takes up room so for example like
clothes wise I have like this entire
like green plastic tub filled with
clothes that I don't wear so that's
really good because now I have a lot
more space in my closets and I also kind
of went through and just like cleaned
everything off and I really like my room
right now because it's really clean and
just simple I love how like everything
has just cleared off and like let us
show you guys I can't even explain it so
this is what my room now looks like it's
obviously not very different but the
first change that I did was I moved my
wardrobe a little bit more to the left
because it used to be touching like up
against that wall and it kind of made my
room look smaller in a way I don't know
why but my room definitely looks a
little bit more roomy when it's moved
and you can like see that corner and
then also I took my columns and
put them next to my wardrobe because
they used to be like signing my desk but
I don't know if I want to keep them
because they do take up sorry there's
like a football there but they do take
up a room in my room but I mean I don't
know if I want to keep them like comment
below and tell me what you guys think
like does this look good or should I put
them back next to my desk I don't really
know but I thought I was just perfect
because there was a little bit space
right there and nothing else fit so
that's why the columns kind of worked
too well right there and then also my
jewelry jewelry I can't see that word my
armoire thing used to be right there but
I moved it on this wall so it's pretty
simple now I just have one thing on top
it's this little candle holder thing it
just has all my like hair ties and bobby
pins in there and then also I I don't
know what to do with that black thing I
might just put in a hallway because I
don't know I just really confused on my
room right now but that kind of looks
awkward but I'm just leaving it there
for now and then also you might be able
to tell that my room is more like simple
now so up here you can see that all I
have is my picture frame and my laptop
which is really dirty but it just has a
brandy melville sticker on it and then
over here I actually put my brushes in a
drawer because I like the look of this
being just with the lamp because before
I had like two glasses of my like
brushes and then also had that mirror
but now my mirrors on my desk because
this is where I do my makeup and then I
just have my little folder holder which
that rhymed
I just carry or not carry but I hold
like important papers and documents and
whatnot in there and i think i'm going
to put some cotton balls in here or
something and then i just have that so
also I need to get curtains I still
don't have real curtains which sucks but
that's what I kind of changed oh I also
want to ask you guys on these little
mirror things they're like little book
square mirror strings I don't even know
what you call them but they surround
this window and they're kind of childish
but in a way I think they're still cute
so tell me what you guys think on those
I kind of want to keep them but at the
same time I don't so yeah tell me what
you guys think and then also I'm
completely changing that but those are
the changes that I've made in my room so
I guess that concludes today's vlog
because I'm seriously running out of
battery I have like a minute left and
also running out of memory but that's it
I hope you guys enjoyed it and I'm
looking forward to your comments so
that's it and I will talk to you guys
later bye
