hey guys so it's day four and um I did
not really vlog last night so I didn't
really say bye or anything sorry about
that but Lindsay's leaving right now
she's the first one to be so sad and
then I think I'm the next one to leave
because my flights at three-thirty so
I'm probably gonna head to the airport
at like the one or something so this
vlog is not going to be very long action
packed or long or anything so we're just
so we all just got done getting ready so
we're about to go out and shopping and
stop recording this one so if that's all
you guys know I don't have it much
denial of allah so allah hi so walking
or walk anywhere
I actually have no clue perturb
announcers I think rocky in the wrong
direction before yeah the entire was
like stop going around the way and it's
like 1130 and I think I'm supposed to be
meeting up with my mom to leave now but
I'm not texting Eric calling her I'm
just gonna let her figure out that we
need to go soon cuz I don't want to
leave
nothing really exciting today
we're just like huh
so I am in my hotel room because we're
leaving everything's packed it's so sad
i just had to say bye to the girls like
10 minutes ago and it was so sad i
didn't vlog or anything said i want to
but yeah i'm gonna miss them so much so
hopefully i can go to like I Mets or
something because I've never gone before
so hopefully I can go next year or this
year I'd only know when but Claudia said
we are checking out right now and I'm
just kidding so sad I can't believe the
trip is over it went by so fast and it
was honestly like all the days are such
a blur but it was so much fun and I'm so
sad like you guys don't even understand
okay well we're checking out we're gonna
grab a cab so we're at the airport right
now and I haven't eaten anything like
all day so I got a chicken Caesar salad
I've been pretty much a good day and
then also I ok YUM I'm now back home and
I look like a hot mess so I'm showing
you guys my um my suitcase but my room
is really really messy right now like
I've basically unpacked pretty much
everything except a couple of things
I've also got some of my like shopping
bags because I'm going to be filming a
halt probably tomorrow morning so I room
is really messy but yeah I just wanted
to conclude this fog with a good buy at
this beautiful view my suitcase but yeah
this trip was so awesome and it sucks
that it's over and I really hope that I
can see these girls in April and be able
to go to IMATS because I've never gone
but yeah that's it for today's video I
hope you guys enjoyed these vlogs and
yeah I love you guys bye
