so it is j uu dig three and so this is
the meetup day i'm super excited this is
my outfit I know I'm not wearing like a
dress or anything fancy but I really
packed nothing i'm really upset about it
and like all so I thought that I'd find
something like while we're shopping to
wear to the knee up but I like honestly
could not find anything cute and like
fancy to wear to the meetup so morning
miss but that's okay so right now I'm
meeting up with Christie and Lindsey
actually at their door now diner right
now and we are about to go that's really
we're really excited yeah Lauren are you
excited yes sup guys I'm orthocenter and
we're meeting up with the rest of the
Guru's that we can all ride together and
literally the meetup is like hi mom
meetup is like over there so it's almost
three and we're really excited we're
walking towards the statue and we've
actually had a couple subscribers so
they're behind us over there
and we're walking right now and some of
the groups still haven't come yet so
we're just meeting them at the meetup
always this is really exciting oh my
gosh oh my gosh you to see people
ok
hey guys i'm at the meetup right now
absolutely insane so I really walk lager
right now
guys want to be my blog
it's like an hour later so I haven't
really had much time to water
it's an Indian so I'm gonna go it over
so we're back at the hotel because we
just wanted to take a break and you know
drop some stuff off so the meetup was
super amazing he was better than I ever
thought it would be and it was so
exciting and thank you to everyone who
wrote me little cards or no it's irking
me a gift thank you so much and just
thank you for everyone who showed up it
was honestly incredible and it made my
summer Lexi's leaving I wanna go say hey
buddy hi it was so nice to meet him and
the name them all again oh yeah I just
start saying advises really hey hey was
freaking amazing not your busy like
YouTube yeah this is a YouTube Davis we
did some of us to the 17 things I had
our meetup which was being seen over 200
people came yet oh my gosh yeah there's
like 200 kv and then what else to be
okay we we met up with this community
manager named jessica she was so sweet
and really awesome we're just talking to
her about like you to blood YouTube's
yeah you to stuff and we're actually
meeting up with another person another
person and I it's obsessed with YouTube
also and there they have like this
website up and they were going to a
great dog again yes we're going hard to
replace if you go to New York go to the
great dog yes it's the place of the
candles that was extra real man yeah and
she's
I've never been to Rachel she's never
been there six ounces you're gonna love
it it was my age okay so I'm gonna go
because yeah
really
so
yeah it was really fun really loud in
here you guys probably
like this entire thing wraps around with
candy and you just fill up your bag
look at a few peas are lime anyone I'll
break use this Claudia's life is that
your second channel and no be honest our
TV that's your Twitter look at how big
that it is how do you begin to start
eating no look at that one oh no their
knees
I already carry pops they're so good
don't worry pups no one has ever had
that the dog
