before we even get into today's vlog I
want to mention one thing this right
here not a hickey I think I have a dry
patch on my neck because we put self
tanner on today and it like really
absorbed in this area and I can feel it
I wish my love life was that poppin but
if anyone knows you guys know this is
not happening in my life right now so
today is Saturday and we are grinding
and we are working right now I'm setting
up to sell my next main Channel video
let me show you guys I'm going to be
filming a chitchat get ready with me and
I'm so excited because there are so many
products that I haven't used using all
their brushes of never you see
foundations before I've heard so many
things about the little radiance drops
and they said to use those using a new
palette everything I've just got three
different lights going on I'm going to
be able to have this as my background
which is super fun and then yeah I just
have everything I got I'm so excited
like 20 minutes has passed but I want to
say anything for starters
be sure to check out Cameron Fuller's
new video it is so funny she basically
has a series on his channel called
cocktails with Cameron and Warren and I
have both been on it him and Lauren are
dating so we decided to film a video all
three of us together and it turned out
so funny and so cute and I'm basically
just a third wheel whole time so I have
that link down below but he just
uploaded it and then also oh my god I
forgot to mention this in yesterday's
vlog but seriously just breaking
feedback that I got from you guys two
videos ago and even like the vlog that I
just posted right now that I'm reading
thank you so much you guys are so sweet
oh I literally I don't know what I did
to deserve it I don't I don't you guys
are too nice to me thank you so much I'm
going to go change my outfit and I guess
on this video because yes few inches
label yeah one hour later and we are
done very happy with it
top of the video I'm going to import it
and probably edit it tomorrow
it's great because I actually am going
out tonight so I'm not ready I don't
have torn about that so that's cool can
you focus can you focus are you going to
soak in Oh Rebecca and Lucas are coming
over at around 9 p.m. today it's only 5
p.m. so I'm taking care of some home
stuff aka your guys favorite thing to
watch so I've been working on wall stuff
basically I figured out that I want my
YouTube plaque right above here like
literally like when I matched it up
so heavy I can't show you guys but it's
so perfect right there basically I
started planning out the photo ledges
for my office
so I've already taped up the first
template and then the other one is going
to go like right there but my bar still
just came in the mail holy crap I'm so
excited I've literally never even seen
these in real life oh my gosh I hope
they look good don't mind the banana
shorts oh my god you guys I think I
might have to assemble it I don't know
what's going on in here I need to figure
this out tell me this is not the sexiest
barstool you've ever seen it's perfect
it's so perfect
I got two of these to start out and
these are going to be on this side
because they don't have backs so just
having like two clear ones that actually
have the back so people can lean back on
them and then just have two wooden ones
here I'm going to go unpack and build up
the other one but all I do screw on the
top yeah these are from West Elm and
obviously that's where I keep buying
everything but they're just so smooth
and like so company oh my god
I was definitely to move they look so
great Lucas just facetiming to like ask
about his outfit and meanwhile I'm over
here like in my hoodie about to nail
some frickin metal things in my walls
basically I have lined up the little
templates on the wall let me show you
guys I'm pretty happy with that
they're leveled I think they're a nice
distance apart yeah I think that's like
a nice height so I'm going to go figure
this out hate nailing stuff into the
wall because when I do it it feels so
permanent and I don't want to mess up
and have a hole with I wall so I am
always looking terrified every single
time I do this when I was doing those
bookshelves I didn't show it but like
I'm so scared and now I'm just like oh
here we go let's do this
you
camera watch why are you fogging great
bureau goddamn oh good morning today is
Monday we're going to be drawing around
town today I have to pick up some stuff
for Lauren's birthday I need to pick up
some stuff for my dad I just made myself
a little homemade matcha latte as you
guys just saw also I've been all about
these little moon dust powders they're
by the brand new moon juice and this is
like a little sample pack where you get
I think two of each thing they're
basically just all-natural organic like
powders that have a bunch of different
ingredients and they categorize them
like that my favorite one is spirit does
let me read what it does for you I'm
talking about this because I put it in
here and it also you can't really taste
it like some of them taste a little
funky I just used my last touch let me
go get it out of every can bear dust is
a divine medical formula algum eyes to
help you unwind expand peaceful
awareness and align with bliss are you
kidding I could have that every day yes
please some of these are funny one of
the more popular ones is Sextus this one
tastes like crap little it tastes so bad
if your coffee is strong then you won't
taste it success is a lusty edible
formula alga minds to ignite and excite
your sexy energy in an out of the
bedroom
oh and so funny because I don't need
that one Wow I feel like I'd really
Justin vocalizing how single I am in
this video not bought heard about it
guys I'm fine I'm fine
it's all fine so I'm going to be fine
we're all fine okay no but really I'm
going to head to the mall right now ah
also fun fact either sprained or broke
one of my toes the other night it's like
super bruised and it hurts to freaking
vlog this literally happened on the
coffee table when I got home not
while I was out like I was in the
comfort of my own home and I just
completely ate it and it hurts so bad
giving you guys a little sneak peek as
to what I got today I've been doing
quite a bit of shopping lately so I'm
definitely going to film a summer try on
haul probably tomorrow or sometimes this
week so I'll be sure to say where it's
all from all the deets in that video
holy crap the lighting and setup in this
video is so good but what isn't good is
the fact that I have an hour and 15
minutes what was I doing for an hour
what was I talking about I'm going to
try to edit this as fast as I can begins
an hour and I'm heading over to Lauren's
house and me Rebecca
Chloe Lauren well again watch The
Bachelor because we haven't done that in
months together and that used to be like
our thing so I'm for sure making that a
Monday night priority right now just
quickly change my outfit and I'm super
into it this is a silky cream top from
Reformation that I actually purchased
probably two months ago but like never
found an outfit for it I don't know why
and then underneath I have this cute
little like stripes bralette from Urban
Outfitters little black purse from pop
Sookie on the bottom I'm just wearing
some new jeans that I got some
information and my little buckle sandals
dun dun set up in another Hitler
Oh lay oh you're not this is what it's
like when you come over to Lauren what
is this I did not know that this is the
thing oh so no I brought chocolates from
and here we have doing an accurate read
on skull boys out in the wild because it
was like my vlog version of the hunt
like this is what we were just watching
the issue years no one is a predator
they're both just brave the polar bear
is swimming under water and it comes out
from the ice meanwhile we visited in
here destroying this fancy chocolate
omentum and literally like white
chocolate roses and rose a white
chocolate vanilla cake is on goes dark
chocolate tequila lime you have much
hope this one oh that was smoked Cecil
oh yeah Roe the chai tea latte so does
it has dragon fruit in it that's cool
and like I said I love all the carcasses
so cute they're still going back like
nothing is stopping them sometimes
people like turn it all into the camera
but like they're all organically
happening and it has been happening and
it will continue the Boyer is starving -
does not have any food any people the
seal has been shot also starving it just
completely perished for those of you
guys who were curious so bachelor didn't
happen because they have a rerun I'm so
unaffected by it because I had not been
catching up with this season I was like
her I toss Outlander why don't you guys
just hang out like not with the
bachelors but like cuz you're actually
friends you know we do and we like
everything literally I think we hang out
too much that's like they were letting
us hang out not watch the hunt on
network yeah all right we need to get
out of here it's midnight
what's with the music guys
but it was I mean I in the trunk like on
Zoomer
zag employed actors everyone
I'm hugging this wall right oh I want to
do is it use my car and you're not okay
greater on the Bob Oh God yay take it
let's take it yeah oh yeah yeah wait
wait it was not a longest no it was out
of focus cuz everybody's got a bowl ah
oh oh my god oh well alright let's head
it listen the 405 I think I just took
off can i Skylab mind to talk pieces
