hey guys so it is day two and it's like
a 30 right now and my mom and i are
going to starbucks because we just want
to give like coffee or whatever and then
we might walk around for a little and
then we're going to come back here and
take a shower and get ready um so that's
what we're doing right now Sam obviously
so my pajamas I quickly want to show you
guys my view um not really that great
you can just see like roofs but it's
kind of pretty like over there and then
you just see that but yeah okay going
sore at starbucks and I got a caramel
Frappuccino at announcing our cinnamon
bun so my mom and I came back to the
hotel room to change into key are closed
so i'm just going to show you guys when
i'm wearing I'm wearing my brown sandals
from american eagle is from other bag
from an antique market this shirt it's
really pretty in the back it's like a
cropped fitted teeth and it's from
brandy melville online and then I have
these Levi high-waisted shorts from a
antique market and then my hair is just
straight yonder you're often velvet dog
dress I think they've seen it actually
before it's okay but I love it you know
um do your flip flops yeah yeah that out
of the neck defend these sunglasses why
is it bragger so now we're just going to
shop for a little bit because the stores
are like opening in like 20 minutes or
something so we're going to shop for a
little I don't know what the other girls
are doing right now I know we have to
wait for low and we're going to Coney
Island which is really exciting so I
just want to get in some shopping done
with my mom and spend some time with her
because you know I left her all alone
yesterday so okay good so I just met up
with the other girls hi I'm against me a
guy for the fur
change cameras yeah so we're going to
like necessary clothing I think and it's
pretty much it Coney Island cancelled
apparently not happening but we are
going to the Empire State Building so
that's exciting so we bought a lot of
stuff I saw the price i was like what i
really just spent over a hundred bucks
what is all the best yeah I love that
circling so much the store was huge to a
head like a basement everything so now
we're going to sephora
probably and that's it for now
do something exciting
the pinky she had under pinky you didn't
tell them go watch this book Kayla hey
let's blog about what happens her pinky
its the hole bigger the whole thing is
yeah the whole fingers okay yeah we're
at the cafe hi what and we're going to
brandy melville right now you're so good
Julie the stores and safe
08 everywhere
yeah everything so personal so
maybe I'll find something I really know
yet
that's already right now still shopping
I just came back to my room for a little
bit because I wanted to drop off some of
my shopping bags because they were
getting really heavy and it was annoying
to carry so we came back to the hotel to
drop them off so I'm probably just going
to charge my phone for a little bit
right here and then meet up with
everyone else because yeah I don't know
I know what else we're doing I don't
know if we're still shopping we've
literally gone to like every single
store in SoHo at least like two times so
actually we haven't got to urban
outfitters but know if we're going to go
there um so that's all that we're doing
right now we literally been shopping all
day and my legs were so tired also if
you guys are wondering where my mom is
she's hanging out with my brother marcin
because he lives in New York so they met
up and I saw him today as well but she's
like actually hanging out with him so
yeah that's where she is I'm gonna go
head back to the girls because I don't
really have anything else to do in here
so yeah I'm actually gonna leave right
now hello you're being a restaurant he
had a lovely girl yes I'm picking up um
but I'm printing I am for the meter what
do you think y'all what do you guys
think I think that's our guy actually
edit that would be really cute what kind
of shoes are no we're okay are you all
right i am recording water about it
today longer you aren't delicious i love
them oh you guys wait I don't know what
I'm not wear yeah well you would like
teeth tit oh yeah we I made them taste
the chocolate soleil bronzer I tasted it
it tastes like sugar that's crazy yeah
it was care of that abuse my camera this
is loc you know yeah k liye do you want
to say something that's all you have to
say I mean you're putting me on the spot
don't try this now is not squeezable and
it's delicious we literally is just
eating it all day too I had one for
breakfast look at lunch I oh no no no
Mary hey guys so I always say hey in
every single one and then I just end up
anything hey hey hey hey good so um it's
dinner time and everybody's dressed up
now step on them except for Tyrone I
we're wearing shorts I brought two
dresses but I just work I wasn't feeling
them and I'm really mad but it's okay
whatever so I think we're going to this
chinese restaurant
we want to go to layer it's really small
and there's like a lot of us um so yeah
also lexi you have to be my blog okay hi
said I'd like to be Lexi what's your
youtube beauty rush 2 and 5 and I just
my Claudia three guys love you I love
you too throughout the rest Jon
experience calls how they can ounces
really pretty whore
please will you here yet
pretty cool before
so we were just like enjoying this
right here the wall
we found another banana picture our
foods here and
okay bye cuz I want eat this eat some
guy I liked about here on me bro you ya
know everybody else what she pinkberry
but look it looks too okay so I mean
just finishing dinner and we're getting
some Froyo and oh we're all going to 16
handles which is like a self-serve
yogurt shop really I got perfect weight
would I yeah birthday cake cookies cream
no but like don't see it
good so we were Empire State Building I
mean it's just your friends into our way
if we want to wait class an hour whether
it's fifty dollars each so we're like so
negative yeah that's negative so right
now we are walking to time square which
is like 15
oh very nice and we're going to be
filming
yeah it's gurus on freakin while guys
they forget
really excited to be a part of this one
teacher in Claudia yes
and that's really it
citing walk I know guys it's crazy rager
we're in her she's right now
I want to leave them
that's how we feel
Yeah right
ok
