50 pounds hey guys so it's like 5am
right now and we're getting ready to go
to the airport because our plane leaves
at seven o'clock so we finally made it
to soho and we can't check in yet
because our room isn't ready yet so my
mom and i are gonna go eat right now and
then once i'm done with that i'm gonna
meet up with lindsay and whoever she's
with right now so really excited so
we're just going to starbucks and yeah
also I changed outfits in the bathroom
so hey guys
like in the back
so we're going back to our hotel because
we can check in now with darryl
to put our rooms and stuff so we're on
our way back to the hotel then once we
do that we're just gonna continue
shopping hello so we just got to the
hotel so my mom and I are just packing
in this is our hotel room it's very
small but that's how New York is um so
yeah I'm just gonna like settled myself
in a little bit and then I'm probably
gonna meet up with the girls again and
that's all I'm really doing right now hi
guys I'm so tired of I can have
beautiful feet it is so hot outside
Lille were like sweating right it's so
gross what up guys asked for feedback
rock um so we've been said I'm you think
first off in there and we're going to el
of hi goodbye okay all right hover I'm
just rolling right now like whenever I
use analysis comes to Lima quad
hello
hey I think
is forged so we're at Top Chef right now
and we just met up with em away and we
there were like random workers walking
around giving out like Olga cards and
pretty much like i don't know if i was
quite okay likewise or grocery shopping
right now we're in trouble can someone
go down I oh sorry oh my gosh don't
refer the matter god knows what are you
guys oh my gosh no there are no one's
stopping all right it's very cute
yes I got a chicken salad
chillin
Scott sale
our salad
right guys they just brought out candles
it's romantic now especially a date yeah
so we're just chillin in the hotel room
watching some Keeping Up with the
Kardashians and we're all in our pajamas
which has yeah I don't know just wanted
to change oh yeah I know we're all
wearing like running a short sleeve
shirts and yes we're waiting for a doves
to come and then you want to say hi
Emily what's ahead I can't show your
shirt gain strength so hard that's a
laugh so um yeah once we were done
eating dinner it rained like crazy so we
were like running back to the hotel and
it was pretty scary you wrote annex a
bout you don't understand we were like
gonna capture crossing that's great news
the cat the cat was three dollars her
hair would have messed up my bag would
have gotten messed up like take you over
we're like like I ran into a bike you
like tripped on the curb like it was it
was quite an adventure getting back to
the hotel so yeah we're just waiting for
Alex and we're just chillin so you just
can't
in my own life
