hey guys so today I'm going to be
blogging my day and please excuse the
mess back there my room is not very
clean right now but um I first just want
to explain to you guys why my like video
uploading frequency I guess why it's
always going up and down like for
example there was a week where I
uploaded a bunch of videos and now I
kind of slowly haven't really made that
many and that's because I'm doing summer
school I don't think I've ever mentioned
it i have on twitter but i took three
classes or I guess I'm still taking I'm
taking three classes this summer I'm
taking health oral comm which is like a
speech class and consumer ed and it's
not because I like failed any of my
classes I just want to get ahead for
next year because there are the required
classes so I just wanted to do them over
the summer so that I don't have to worry
about them during school year um so
basically I had consumer ed and oral
come together for three weeks and that
was like the period of time where I like
did make a video for an entire month
because I don't know it just took up so
much time and since it was like summer I
want to go home right away do my
homework hang with my friends because it
honestly doesn't feel like summer
because I'm taking school and then after
those two classes finished I had an
entire week like a week break and that
was around fourth of July and that's
when i made like a bunch of videos and
you guys like oh my gosh she's back and
stuff um but I just started again I
actually just finished my second week of
health so I only have one more week of
help which is good so I will be making
more videos very soon but I just want to
explain that's why it's been kind of up
and down like a roller coaster it's
really because of summer school but yeah
I we have one more week left so that's
good I don't have summer school on
Fridays so tomorrow I'm free which is
good so basically let's see ok yesterday
I went shopping with my friends so I
want to film a haul today and also i
have a really funny clip that we were in
the car so i'm gonna put that in right
now
participants that's what we do in the
car yeah totally normal so when we came
back to my house yesterday I asked them
to film a halt and they were like like
they're all tired so they didn't want to
film a hall with me so I'm going to be
doing that today so I just came back
from eating lunch with my mom because
she took me out to lunch right after
summer school so right now I'm going to
take a shower because I'm really gross
right now um so I'm going to take a
shower get ready put some cute off it on
and film a haul for you guys and then
once i do that i'm probably probably
gonna meet up with my friends so you got
as well I'll be there I don't know why
am I don't know okay anyways so my cat
was doing the weirdest thing this
morning um I'm not sure you guys a clip
of that because that was really funny do
oh my gosh
my fence is the top of my fence is
thinner than an inch I don't know how
she was able to do that but she's
honestly like a ninja or something she's
crazy yeah ok now I'm going to go take a
shower so I just finished filming my
haul video and i think i'm going to
change out of this outfit because i want
to wear one of my new shirts today that
was included in the hall so i'm going to
change get ready and probably meet up
with Adriana so yeah I'm really excited
for you guys to see the hall I really
really like all the stuff that i got and
that's pretty much it hey that's going
we're at Neely's house right now best
fearsome you guys going this is Kate
that's scary okay anyways rarity jonna's
and we saw transformers and um just
pretty good it was kind of long tho long
and today we're seeing the premiere of
the new Dark Knight movie okay and we're
really excited so we're gonna like meet
up with some other friends and do that
and yeah so we're just sitting here
right now because what comes it's like
10 son it's like 10 and we have like
till 12 to the movie starts at ten it's
945 oh sorry Neely yeah so we're just
gonna wait it out alright just the guys
follow your dreams this is drugs these
are my motivational speakers I don't
like her okay okay well i will talk to
you guys later see ya bye guys
