hey guys so right now I'm waiting for my
friends nearly in Virginia to come over
because they are biking over here right
now because today I'm going to be doing
the baby food challenge and I'm so
excited I've been wanting to do this for
such a long time um and I also Adriana's
gonna do it with us too but right now
she's hanging out with her boyfriend so
once she's done hanging out with him
she's going to meet up meet up with us
and we're going to do the video um so
back in the days I would save money in
this bottle for my car so I have like
quite a bit of money in here but
recently I set up a bank account for
that to save up for my car so I don't
need this bottle anymore and currently I
do not have any money right now so I'm
going to have to crack this open to get
money to go buy some baby food and as
you can see I specifically did this I
put money in this bottle because I can't
like get money out the only way I can
get money out as if I break it so i
think i'm gonna have to break this to
get money out so you guys going to watch
me do that yeah oh and also i just
uploaded a new video on my main channel
which was my June favorites and then
before I film that I actually filmed a
hair tutorial for the hairstyle that I
was wearing in that video so look out
for that I'm probably gonna edit it like
tomorrow or something I caught myself
you're not gonna cut yourself that's a
global you're gonna have to hit harder
no one needs is this car you one smash
just I got scared to join in it sure n
do it seriously guys it it's so it's
really come on dude close your eyes when
you do it are you serious are your weak
links really you gotta do it Oh DC
you're insane so we're at jewel right
now and we have so many choices this is
gonna be great oh wait I need to I need
something to hold on your close ones
vegetable vegetable you young good
vegetable turkey day guys vegetable
turkey dinner I don't know if little
Joey would like what's this just come
eat carrots and corn oh my god yes um
what else is here should we get the
vegetable turkey dinner sure finally
that was awkward I don't know Oh beef
and waste gravy oh my gosh oh forget it
we're doing ones that are like to gross
Oh what's this seriously there's gonna
be none of them we hate you any of them
I know up sorry Oh down here we'll grab
like a regular one um
should get Apple blueberry that sounds
good yeah it does hold up so we just
finished doing the baby food challenge
and it was disgusting it was absolutely
gross but I'm so excited for you guys to
see it so stay tuned for that and right
now we're gonna go eat because we're
hungry baby coos all the baby food just
made me so hungry hey guys so we're here
getting our food and we had to bike here
and it was so gross smell so sweaty but
i will sandwich hey I'm Lucy I got my
nose fears check it out talk about
didn't really hurt that bad it was fine
but I heard see on you are like to be on
I mean you have to okay you're planning
on getting one like wash it with bactine
twice or three times a day to look for
one and yeah if you have any questions
spotted me beyond beauty asteroid hey I
was mean literally just what to do it I
can't my home dogs what's up homeboy
djinji oh so we are at Neely's house
right now oh ok oh and um we're having a
sleepover because can I stand for ya see
it so stealing bitch give me some shorts
and did you don't you're wrong no no I'm
showing the Neely sign oh oh my god are
anyways so having a sleepover Lucy
laughs oh yeah oh yeah so this concludes
my flock I hope you guys enjoyed it and
itachi go say bye
