hey guys I'm salon with Adriana and my
parents and then we're going to the
beach even though the weather is really
bad right now and we're gonna go on this
like how to maroon boat which is
basically basically like a wind
yeah I brought my waterproof camera so
that we can walk on there too
hi so we're at the beach now as you can
see and we're just tanning we're digging
a hole it didn't work out yeah the water
was like going in so it didn't really
work out we're waiting for my dad's
friend to come so we can go on the boats
and that's gonna be fun so we'll take
you guys on that but as of right now
we're just tanning
we're really good at football yeah we
are playing with my football the same
one that me and REI got in Florida
trying to get the boys no just kidding
he's like no in here okay see ya hey
guys so we rented a double kayak for the
funds of it
we're just kayaking right now I'm not
really doing anything yeah my camera's
on low battery so hopefully it won't die
when it's time to go on the boat I'm
gonna put you guys underwater I want to
do that that's what I want to do okay so
I'm gonna jump in now cuz it's really
hot and I'm wearing like a diaper cuz
I'm so cool like that yeah if you tip
this Claudia and I fall in you think I
will I just jump off yeah but you better
not tip this oh my god it's not as deep
as I thought it would be it's shallow
can you stand yes oh that's really
accurate okay
just when I can show any
I'm gonna jump in why not okay then
let's go deeper okay so it's like 1021
and I'm covering my shirt with like my
knees because it has information on it
and I don't want you guys to see that
information on it so that's why uh-huh
but I'm actually not withing with anyone
right now because once we get home from
the beach we just dropped off you Gianna
and at that point it was like 8 o'clock
and pretty much all of our friends are
gone because they are all at like lake
houses for fourth of July
yeah so my dad's friend didn't even end
up coming I don't know why but we didn't
end up going on the boat which sucks
because that's kind of like the whole
reason I went to film this video because
I thought bringing the camera on the
boat would be really fun and interesting
to show you guys but this totally turned
out to be a vlog fail so I'm sorry about
that so once I got home I watched about
like four episodes of Prison Break which
by the way is my favorite show ever
right now I've been currently obsessed
with it the main character is so
good-looking and I just love like the
whole plot and like everything it's just
so interesting and I don't know it's not
really company it's more like thriller
action suspense mystery kind of in a way
but it's a really great show so I
definitely recommend seeing that
especially if you have Netflix because
they have it on Netflix like every
season so I definitely recommend that
and in the episode that I just watched
Demi Lovato was in it and she still had
her a little gap and she looks so young
so they obviously started filming this
like a long long time ago but I like
freaked out I was like oh my god it's
today Lovato so yeah I think I'm just
going to do some laundry because I
haven't done laundry in a while and my
basket is just piling up so I'm gonna go
do that and then I'm just gonna go to
bed and then I think tomorrow morning
I'm gonna film a hair tutorial so watch
out for that also check out my new nail
tutorial which is the
let's go to the beach each now tutorial
the title came from the song starships
by Nicki Minaj I'll have that in the
downbar and other than that I hope you
guys enjoyed today's video it wasn't
that exciting because we didn't go on
the boat but whatever I'll see you guys
there bye
