hey guys so I am on my way to school
right now I'm just walking and I'm
leaving school today at 11:30 to go get
my braces off I'm so excited I've had
them on for like two years and this is
like the second time I've had them off
and I'm so excited to get him off so
yeah that's all I have to say so I will
vlog once I leave school and I'm on my
way
so hey guys um I have my rubber bands in
right now
so I can't really open my mouth um um
but I told you guys I'd vlog once I I'm
on my way to the ortho so it's like
11:50 but I'm almost there even um
what's it called my friend and Mary Rose
she got me a hermit crab - mom let's
celebrate for her getting my braces off
um you know it was quite tracking um she
told me that she was gonna give me a
fish yesterday but she said the fish
ugly
there's you got me a hermit crab and
I've been carrying this around school
all day mmm
um she needed Jerry but I like the name
meelo so his name is Niall oh there it
is um I'm about food you know I don't
even know what to feed them but I'm
gonna google it so okay yeah okay well I
am on my would also and I'll vlog want
so good hi hey guys so I got my braces
off and oh my gosh I'm so happy and she
looks beautiful
thank you um it took like an hour
because I had to do x-rays and pick a
very welcome and um what's a call to
kind of hurt actually say we're using
this a drill things like if I go off and
my teeth are really sensitive but I'm so
happy
yeah okay I'm going back to school and
Mila was coming with me he's currently
in the cream cheese like consumed in
there okay bye do gigs oh I'm home now
and I just came back from driver's ed
because I started driver's ed on Monday
and today's Wednesday because I have it
month Monday Wednesdays and Fridays for
two hours so it's like six o'clock and I
just came home and my mom cooked me some
spaghetti and meatballs so I'm just
heating that up and I'm gonna eat it
because I'm really really hungry um what
else
Oh jabbers ed is pretty fun actually I
don't know it's kind of the biggest joke
ever like the drivers lady like she okay
well the first day she told us what we
need to do and like all that stuff to
like get her permit and everything and
then she puts on a movie and leaves the
room she leaves us to the movie on for
an hour and we're just sitting there
like okay we're not gonna watch the
movie so one point one of the kids like
actually stopped the movie and then she
like came in so we turned it back on but
sorry I keep going down um so it's kind
of a joke but um that's okay
I mean I tried to focus today but like
you really can't cuz like the kids in
that class like they are just I mean
they're funny but they are so obnoxious
and everyone just laughs in the teacher
is like yeah I don't know it's really
funny though but yeah um oh god I feel
like such a different person without
braces I can't get over it I'm getting a
lot of requests on Twitter to do kind of
a braces my experience type of video and
I will definitely do that
I won't fill it to me because I don't
really have the time to do that but
maybe tomorrow I'll film that I don't
know we'll see but I definitely want to
do a my experience video for my braces
I'm sorry keep going down but I'm like
storing my spaghetti so I'm not looking
at my phone okay well I'm gonna go eat
this and that's really it I will vlog if
anything else
sighting happens today that's it bye hey
guys um so with this actually Thursday
right now and I might sound kind of
weird because I'm wearing my retainer
right now or Tanner's I guess because
it's for the top and bottom and they're
just clear in plastic so you can't
really tell but you might be able to
hear the difference anyways um I didn't
film anything else last night because
nothing really exciting happened so I
kind of forgot to like keep vlogging so
that's why I decided just to add in this
to yesterday's video um what else
I don't oh I got my yearbook today at
squall do you guys want to see my
picture this is a back of my yearbook
yeah not gonna show you the front but
this is the back it's actually really
thick um here let me try to find it for
you guys there I am and I'm right next
to one of my best friend's Lucy um so I
think that was cool that we got to be
right next to each other but I like my
picture I think it turned out pretty
good I do look kind of orange in it but
whatever it's okay so that's it for
today's video I hope you guys enjoy it
um
tell me what you guys think about my no
braces teeth um sorry I probably sounds
so weird right now like a lisp but yeah
that's it for today's video and I will
see you guys there okay bye
