hey guys so I decided that today I'm
just going to vlog by day even though I
don't have any plans I don't know what
I'm going to be doing it but maybe
something exciting will happen so I can
talk about that but it's actually really
funny because of math class today we had
this sub and he was crazy like he was
really funny but it was just so
confusing like he was he looked like he
was like older so he looked like he
would be really serious but then he
starts talking and he's just like
talking normally like he was acting
really serious and that all of a sudden
he'd randomly like shout something
random or something really loud like
he'd just be like so guys so what is the
domain and we're all like wait wait is
he being serious right now I tried like
filming him um at my desk so i will put
in some clips of that but you'll see
that like my book was kind of in the way
because i was trying to hide my cell
phone but i had to record some of it for
you guys cuz it was really funny like he
was being so weird but it was so funny I
born is exponential form 3073 ton of 2x
minus one next example dog dog 77 so to
be equal these two things have example 6
log on 550 you sing evil these two
things have to be 10 10 walkout so not
the case log dog ate so x squared minus
board in there Brett Charlie's very
happy when you get Charlie very happy
you've done incorrect we ended up not
even learning anything in that class
because he was such a distraction with
his like weird comments and jokes but it
was really funny um and that's all have
to say right now i'll show you guys my
outfit so hold on a second so i offered
it's pretty simple I'm just wearing this
red v-neck with a little pocket in the
front and this is from victoria secret
and then i'm wearing these high waisted
shorts from forever21 com and they have
like these really awesome silver likes
on them and they're a little bit
distressed so you look like that and
then I'm just wearing white converse
with it so I look very patriotic because
it's like red white and blue but um
that's my outfit so guys finally
yesterday hold on let me turn this off
the TV's on it no one's watching it so I
don't know why that's on um so yesterday
I finally signed up for drivers ed which
is crazy because I'm already 16 I could
tell you guys why I haven't started
driving it but I don't really want to
because it's a really sad story and just
I don't like to talk about it because
everyone always ask me they're like why
don't you start driving it you could
have been your license right now I know
I realized that but you know what it's a
sensitive subject for me so I just I I
don't want to talk about it because it
just just never happened but if I we did
because I called in yesterday and I was
like okay you know what like I need to
sign up so I did that and um yeah I'm
really excited to do that I'm going to
be doing with my friend Kate so maybe
I'll vlog in that class sometime I don't
know depends on who's in that class and
stuff but yeah I'm going to make myself
some food because I'm really hungry and
he let's see what else i have so
recently I have been buying these like
healthy choice food things and they're
actually really good what's a call my
favorite one is the chicken parmesan
it's called it's like a piece of chicken
with like noodles and broccoli and a
little dessert and there's like cheese
on top and it's really really good and
that meal was like really low in calorie
it was like 300 something so yeah these
are really low in calorie and I guess
they're really good for you i don't
really know let's see so this one is
only can you focus this one's only 310
calories and in here you get Italian
pork sausage in Marineris
over whole grain pasta with green beans
and zucchinis so that is like crazy low
in calories which is really awesome so I
think I'm going to make this right now
so this is what it looks like on the box
and that's reality so sad they make it
look so pretty on the outside and then
it looks like this but I'm really
excited because um Ivan tried this exact
meal yet before but I've tried like two
other ones and they were really really
good so I know for a fact this is gonna
be really good so yeah hey so I just
changed my shirt I'm wearing this shirt
from pacsun it's really cute and that's
because I'm about to film a video for my
main channel it's gonna be review so
stay tuned for that video and what else
oh so my dad just came back today from
like a three day trip or something but
um he just got a new car and I saw for
the first time today and it's like a
pickup truck because he always drives a
pickup truck and um it's like really
really nice like compared to his other
one because the other one was like super
old he let me drive the truck around
like down our blocks in our neighborhood
even though I don't even have my permit
yet so Shh I'm just such a rebel oh my
gosh drove around without a permit
that's actually only the second time
I've ever driven a car you guys have
seen the first time because I recorded
it and upload it onto YouTube but yeah I
joke for the second time sitting with
his new truck and it was like really
scary because a lot of cars were passing
by and I was like dad can I just let the
past by me and I'll go he's like no no
it's your journey to go like I'm gonna
crash into them but um yeah I'm actually
a really good driver like my dad said
I'm gonna do fine so yeah and what else
to say I don't know guys wanna see
something ready yeah I covered my mess
with my body I think I'm going to stop
this now because I want to go record my
video and obviously clean up my room a
little bit and then record it and
that's really it right now hi so it is
like exactly ten o'clock right now and I
just finished editing and exporting and
I'm almost done uploading my newest
video which is my review so I'm going to
link that video down in the down bar
because um it's going to be up in two
minutes so it's going to be up before
this video is and that's really it I
didn't really do anything else very
special or vlogging worthy between
before I filmed and now so my day hasn't
really been that exciting but yeah I
just wanted to quickly end this vlog
here and just say bye and that's really
it so I hope you guys enjoy this video
and it was somewhat entertaining for you
guys and that's it so I'll talk to you
guys later bye
