hi guys so I'm at Nina's house right now
and I'm also sick so that's why I kind
of sound like a man right now I'm
starting to slowly lose my voice which
kind of sucks but what are you gonna do
and I met Neely's house turnout and
she's about to film a video oh my god
but it's totally a joke she's just doing
a parody of myself
aka beyond beauty moon yeah I say hi hi
everyone that's really gonna be
interesting we'll see how it goes so
stay tuned guys she's prepping for the
video high-tech gear right here yeah
she's getting ready guys right what if I
just put the camera on you right now
Neely's changing it was pretty cute so
I'm gonna go check it out and say hi
beauty moon is about to edit her first
video and she's so excited this is her
dog he doesn't have a name yet
no wait wait wait his name is um what's
that name dunk dough gotta dog out oh
it's like it's what wasn't it like Rob
Rob Delgado um awesome he has some of
his projects yes some of our projects
stuck to his life
tiny shreds of our project it's great
good dog
and this is her other night Maxie she's
so cute hey she's not cute
no those out is cuter
no name she doesn't name it was like
Buddha at one point
