hey guys no mom so we're going
parasailing today which is really
excited and witching is my mom so all
three of us we're going to do it that's
600 feet yeah I'm so excited
so my mom brought her foot camera on
here so i just want to show you guys
this is creepy it's so nice and calming
oh yeah like a little and no i don't
know why i was so scared this is so like
calming like I don't know what I was
expecting I got that Hawaii
hey guys so we went parasailing as you
can see this morning and then we're on
the beach for a little bit but then it
started raining I don't few guys can see
it's raining out it's just really a sad
day it's our last day here is it's
raining the voice of love it's happen
overall release it before guys left and
we're just likes my break 2012 hi yeah
so now we're just going to go to that
once to learn it sells the sharks in the
jar because there's a couple of like
shirts shorts we might want to buy and
stuff so we're gonna go there right now
because there's nothing else to do we're
just really good to do is just a sad day
oh it's healing a little that's good
yeah it's not read at all or anything
just like I'm pretty sure it's not done
it too and I woke up in it didn't hurt
nothing so it's going err mom's liked it
too yeah our moms were very surprising
reaction first of all for how long did
they not notice for like 30 minutes
without cheating yeah I was talking to
my mom like this it's like mom what's up
yeah she didn't notice I'm just really
sad right now they left so I'm just like
yeah it's a somber mood and just the
rain adds to it and all the sad songs
that have been all it's been awesome
okay we're gonna go to the store hey
guys oh um so last clip we shot was
before we went to the store and then
after that so I got a couple things so
i'm going to show you guys once we get
back to the hotel before i go to bed
i'll just or it up oh yeah do a quick
hall and then um we went to Frenchy's
and just like date with our moms and now
we're going out because it's our last
night in florida which is so sad yeah
wait why I my spot um let's
to our outfits and sorry about the
lighting it's already dark out so first
I'm about my paper so I'm wearing this
it looks like it's clean in the front
but pick us up back Zach so yeah this
shirt an ambulance pecks on and then I'm
just wearing a black van dough for
victoria secret underneath and then for
the bottom half it's cold out so I'm
wearing these really dark washed skinny
jeans from hollister and then i'm
wearing black tory burch flats oh don't
even know if you can see um and then I'm
just wearing it this little quilted sash
which is cream-colored from for anyone
that's it I'm wearing a maxi dress but I
actually got from Florida lecture which
was funny because I got it from this
location but last year at this like
little boutique store so this is my maxi
dress it's like black thing with like
full what is this detail indian-style
detail then I'm wearing my favorite
satchel and these I don't know if you
can live it on are they what a nurse I
guess is working with what I got okay so
that's it we're gonna go hang out and
then I will see you guys before we go to
bed to show a quick little home hey guys
so i'm actually back home now and i'm
editing this video and i realized that i
forgot to film my little florida hall so
I decided to just lay everything out on
my bed right now and just show you guys
um so yeah okay so first off I got three
shirts and obviously this one is super
crazy but I love it it's super bright
and it just says Clearwater Beach
Florida and it's like tie-dye so i love
that i had to get it I just I don't know
it's really obnoxious but I like it the
next shirt is just this black one and it
says surf style which is the store that
I bought all this stuff at and it says
Clearwater Beach Florida and it's just a
black simple shirt and it has like
tie-dye words so yeah the other should I
got is pretty plain it's just
grey and it says Florida State and I
don't know why I like this so much but I
like wearing these shirts and it's
pajama shirts or just with like yoga
pants or yoga leggings or something I
don't know i'm just like a really lazy
day and stuff and then i got two
different shorts in two different colors
so the first one is black with hot pink
detailing it just as clearwater beach
and then on the sides i like it because
it kind of goes shorter on the sides and
it has that like white strip and they're
like really flattering i like them
they'll be good for like working out and
stuff like that and then also i got the
same pair in white and they have bleep
detailing on the sides so yeah that's
how those look so then i also got a
baseball cap and it just says beach
control or well beach patrol clearwater
beach and it's just navy blue and it's
pretty simple but it's really cute and
then the last thing i got was a hoodie
and this was buy one get one free so my
cousin also bought one I just got one in
gray and it says once again the store
name which is surf style clearwater
beach and then i like it because it has
writing on the hood and then also down
the sleeves too so i think that's kind
of cool too so yeah that's all that i
got in florida and i don't know i love
all the stuff it's all just so bright
and whatever oh yeah okay that's it
they used to be laughter
