- good morning everyone welcome back I
know you guys probably thought that I
was going to disappear while shooting
the movie but actually the way that
they're setting up like the different
sets and stuff I'm off for the rest of
week and pretty much all of next week
because they're going to be filming all
the scenes in a specific room that is
set right now which I personally don't
even walk into ever I think there's like
one day that I have in that room and
then after that they're going to build
my set and then it's gonna be all my
stuff so the beginning half of shooting
I've got its show schedule and the
second half Lauren is going to be
chilling because we're like the two
leads but we only have one scene
together it's very interesting today
Thursday a new community so just came
out oh this is a sad one okay I don't
really have much planned for today but I
do you want to clean up a bit because
you guys can't really tell but there's a
lot of crap everywhere and I just
collected it you know drama yeah bring
on the drama
what you saying something I do want to
show you guys is this little container
store organizer
it's so nice it opens and closes so
smoothly
it's from the Alpha collection and I
built it threw it in there you can get
taller ones and I think I'm going to
have a taller one right here because all
of this just doesn't have a place so I'm
like trying to organize some of them in
bins but I have a lot of like pajamas
and swept hands and whatever that I need
to fit somewhere and then I'm still
probably going to get like a dresser
right here because I need to fill the
space and you know I always got more
room for clothing storage my hair is
like a mind of its own today it's just
like I don't fly change of plans
today is actually slowly turning into a
very chill and social day which is funny
because I was just saying last one that
like I never had these days and I really
don't but Maddie just texted me and she
has to drop off some money from like
rent from the old house and she was like
why don't I just bring it through and a
little bit with me and we can all go out
to lunch and hang out
I was like yeah please awesome that'd be
great I cannot believe that Olivia and
Maddie haven't even seen this place yet
all thinking as the day has come
so they are on their way right now and
you're just going to head out to lunch
catch up but that's probably them right
now Oh
I just at your head so we just hang out
for a bit we're on our way to lunch
right now
gonna borrow stolen a large mall I
literally have pesto on my face we've
gotta go there you go this will our I'm
going to show me the roughest but we
have a cigarette
oh my gosh we're really obnoxious people
everyone everyone's like working here hi
and we're like thank you inappropriately
you know we're seeing Elena with
adventure no no come out no no no no
it's Bex right now and they're just
shopping around the Lord when you're
looking at somewhere I am literally
getting four different sizes I mean I'm
getting more different kind sorry yeah
I'm getting four isn't that is that a
little third these are really funky and
cool and I think they're going to look
cute with like casual like future but
what is it like I'm going to wear both
of them at the same time these are my
favorite is that doesn't I just picked
out these and then also freaking glasses
chain yes please yes fashion forward so
that's what we're doing it's continuing
we need to be stopped but we're not we
just bought the same shoes I got this
color they kind of give you like
ballerina bikes because you tied them up
to your arm and then here shop arm on
you angle and then Rebecca cookies are
so cute oh my goodness and literally I
started today's vlog being like so
today's can be one of those days right
just clean the house and I her at home
so we have a cable and now that's not
happening at all do Elle's latest
hi I'm so here are we dating I think we
like a little confessor to each other in
elevator Oh we'd like for sure did
here's the thing though okay so we were
shopping right and then we're like okay
let's go home and then we pull up to my
house and Rebecca listen she goes and I
still never got to pee it was like so
obviously had to come into general try
anyway she looks at the time and she
goes but like you know like like it's
5:00 p.m. I can't like stay too long and
I was like oh I've already been thinking
about this like we'll be smart and then
you mentioned that you're in goes
patreon and I was like we'll shoot I'm
like definitely like don't have any food
at home I said oh here we are
don't worry we're going to eat and then
we're gonna go subscription don't worry
we're not engaged without you ready to
get married we're trying to take this
slow
I don't know if I said this in the vlog
but no I like definitely said we're
going to split ways after concern when
you're all the way to but we're in so
much conversation that we both get into
the car and she goes wait am i dropping
you off at home and like I definitely
promise to her home because like you're
so much closer to home round and then
you're like get run along we're in
America we have support I know I know
like our conversation is not come to a
conclusion you will think we're probably
insane good all we talk about is what we
talked about alone all the time in all
my vlogs I hope that you guys are
supportive of what is going on here 20
minutes later can't go away we've been
talking hanging out in my car for the
last 30 minutes
we're slur like men sitting in front of
my house and I'm just still haven't
gotten out of the car and that we both
just realize like wait a second we're
not do I come in take my car oh my god
this is a dream come true I literally I
thought you're gonna be like no I gotta
respond to an email great
I should look at my emails just in case
too because I don't want me seem to
think that I'm like in this new
relationship it's really really great
hanging out with Rebecca but we do have
this thing where we get sucked in and we
don't we like avoid everything like we
forget to pee
I mean s instant we forget to Instagram
we forget to check our email we forget
how many we forget your hat we forgot to
do everything like it's literally like
being in a relationship Lauren and
cameras watch out we have a new couple
times we purposely we're gonna make the
smart decision of not wasting my gas of
just that of that oh that's a good point
that makes so much sense it makes me
feel better that's coming out just
that's right not gonna bomb but like I
think it's good we're gonna we should
separate
yeah go up in my room you stay down
there and we just like to work a little
bit I mean it's not never like Wilson
are episodes ago
yeah what do something three hours later
do you or your boss is anything
Oh why my god not ago they can see like
that composition very soon we definitely
overstate our visit sweet green
definitely in fact and then I was like
and then I was like I'm totally gonna
over from street grade because they make
so much that that was a big day
yesterday and then we got into your car
because we were talking about something
and then you were like wait am I telling
you home I was like I don't get
obviously mister talking in the car
start hanging on the car and then you're
like oh my god I might as well like go
inside with like we're wasting gas yeah
that was three hours and it's now almost
1 a.m. or literally like four hours oh
my god with so much care for four hours
I just don't even understand like yeah
we talked but like we didn't repeat
anything like how on earth did we have
so much to talk on this just shows how
much time we spend alone oh my god is so
true honestly and or just like doing it
like you know we're not people that like
hang out with friends every day and go
'hey you guys know this fine so when we
do it's just like there's too much to
get out like we like we bear repeat we
barely drink in any water we various
like I haven't checked my phone and God
knows how long I just feel like I just
got sucked into a black hole for the
last 10 hours doing where I was oh my
god I got here
yeah right I go you gotta go gotta go
well this has been so much fun thanks
for having me you've been really good we
got over like a cow oh my god so much oh
good night guy bye-bye
