hey guys yeah are usually different
cameras so it's like really close up but
we just went to the beach it's two
o'clock or two 40-ish and sorry I don't
want to chew because I know how much you
guys don't like a night she might go to
my videos but okay
tell them what we're about to do right
now hey guys so I've wanted to get
something appears for a really long time
I don't know why it's just something I
want to do and I'm just having a
spontaneous moment where I go and make
this decision to pierce my eyebrow and
I'm 18 so I your mom there yeah I don't
need my mom there to sign the papers but
if any of you do get inspired by me
which I'm not saying you would to get
something pierced please make sure your
mom lets you because if you're not 18
you know you can't go there without so
we're gonna go do it act spontaneously
you'll see what happens
yeah so we're about to go do that now
and of course I'm going to blog while
she can't
it's probably gonna be my lair
yeah yeah okay or do I go further no I
make that is it painful
I didn't think so I'm not ready
I feel like everyone says that's it
: Tosh the balls are bigger like on the
face than I expected oh yeah alright
small so we tell them one day did you
turn it off yeah
and new so we just finished getting
ready you what else do we do today like
well that's the beach we're gonna go
parasailing but we're going tomorrow so
yeah and oh okay so like two videos ago
do you guys remember how we did on our
need for bodies that are literally stood
a wall away explain what's what's going
down
so every day we see him on the beach you
know they're kind of like hanging out
around us and I'm saying anything
throwing footballs in front of us
obviously showing off
yeah but not saying anything and then
today finally they were literally
throwing the football in front of us and
we're like well I don't think stays
something like they're so shy and I even
said like hey guys going going just
skiing or whatever and they there made
no conversation so sure but whatever so
today I look up in their window which is
creepy but I said and they're just like
and then come here and we're like I know
you are here because we are the bit and
then we they like finger there remember
and we're like yeah we're going next
door to you yeah and then they got our
number and now we're going to meet up
with them that's a really long story and
three of them are 17 and the other ones
16 yeah so they're right around our age
corner so she's a cougar yes okay so
we'll let you guys know how it how it is
and we're not gonna foam around them
because that's just kind of creepy and
weird we just yeah okay bye
