hey guys so it's like thursday morning
ish right and wrong appear she goes down
that way and this is the end of the pier
or a bunch of people addition to the
beach it's great club very cool hello
Mike
so we left the beach because it got
really hot and we're hungry so we're
going to like this Chinese restaurant
for lunch and I'm really excited I
realize that all week video tape is food
us eating in our outfits yeah which is
that's it's about our life okay well
we're gonna vlog once we get our food
and once we get there so yeah hmm bye so
we got our food and I got my going beef
with some rice and then we also got sour
chicken yeah so she got that and then we
both got an egg roll and yeah that's it
this is like 10 minutes later all gone I
just don't like these buggies hey guys
okay so it's like nine o'clock right now
No ten o'clock ten o'clock right now and
we're just leaving our our hotel but
this is how our moms are coming on yes
yes so this gelato they're behind us
some gelato because of civil discreetly
we've had some drama but it's all good
now and everyone's happy and we're
settling it with some gelato yes but
what our way to a better way so we're
planning on coming to hang out earlier
so want to be this dark and stuff like
that but things don't work out exactly
so
it was so awkward people like you may I
always yeah so we're just gonna go get
gelato and that's it get the hermit crab
let our little now closes in 20
hm
he needs some lovin
Oh angry fella
I got that really Andrew through got a
little Alice yeah right a store right
now
