hey guys so they're supposed to go to
this like Weeki Wachee thing regarded
triads think they're like double uber if
you like swimming manatees and stuff
we're at the place where and and we
might see some manatees and I think you
could like swim with them too so we're
here and hey guys so we're on the river
thing now our moms say hi Daria and look
at how clear it is
should I put it under water
so we just got off the kayak for a
little bit because right in this area
it's like so blue like I don't know if
you guys to be able to see it you can't
believe that we have loud freakin tour
boats going through this like scaring
beautiful nature yeah airing all the
animals you guys seeing right there
okay we're taking a little swim break
with floaty diapers all right it's
really deep in this area you see minty
do you guys see them oh my god they're
huge we have to turn around oh my god oh
my god
oh my gosh it's so close to us it's
gonna like hit the boat so huge dude do
it
by the time the bar closes down I'll
carry you home tonight
City Hall it'll drive all the heads
champ get out of your chases coming in s
here's a beep sweet boy
yes where we are
so yeah we've got a little show for you
guys
I made a Mexican baby okay so we just
came back to the hotel and we're finally
eating it because we got it to go and
this is what my looks like got to bowl
with a burrito she just got a question
yeah newborn baby we're gonna go
hi hi guys um okay so anyways on a
serious note so there's like these four
guys and they're really cute and they
are the same who tells us and I
literally next over we realize that
they're right next to our because we
could hear them and see them and so like
oh okay like we're gonna be really
immature and just like so them so I'm
gonna go knock on their door and then
just run away like ding-dong-ditch style
but wailing I there's no doorbell
there's just run away close the door so
let's go do it
I'm recording it
why Nigel's record it well I used the
door really heavy
do not close case there with girls this
is embarrassing they just open the door
guys she's dead this is a mess I want to
show everyone what a big was shins can
you just hold the door open so I can go
knock on their door the door I'm gonna
do it you're not even the one doing it I
am come on a common just wanted told me
to if you close the door me I will never
talk to you ever again
if she closes the door on me they won't
open the door and see me that would be
so embarrassing just please don't
success guys we knocked on the door they
walked out not Lily I heard the door
open and closed so like you know what
like that's the first sign just the
person first step you never know these
could be our husbands progress because
they are very very very treacherous boys
a plus yeah see how that goes I think
work yeah banging on their walls maybe
which may be illegal in a couple
students but yeah but that's just gonna
conclude our vlog might as well just
like say goodbye now so hope you guys
enjoyed today's block and all the little
manatee video clips and all that stuff
so peace out
