hey guys so you can't really see us
because it's like jarred shady I do you
can see hello anyways um we rented some
bikes let's I long beach bike show them
the bikes see them see them they've got
baskets we've got a little baskets and
they're just like you all like new
California bikes I guess cute little
flags on avec Rundle plugs yeah and
we're at this park what's it called the
sand key the sand key and we just went
over this bridge which I will vlog while
we're going up there when we come back
but it was really hard to go up in ya
look at how pretty it is
guys look at this view that's beautiful
Michelle pretty a beautiful let's just
stop
so you guys remember that one bridge
that you just saw yeah we're about to go
up it right now I'm already getting
tired this is so sad hey guys so we're
at the top of the bridge I'm so tired
same i hurt my thighs little beds like
the biggest workout we've got enough and
figuring that we've been eating like ice
cream in sweets every day doesn't really
help but
yeah we're gonna continue going down
this now hey guys so I'm gonna pull
right now door is right there and this
term is waterproof that's kind of about
it for MTG guys underwater
hey guys so where we are in our usual
full creepers filming corner this is a
little slow because like a little bridge
and stuff look a little hideout yeah
okay I know okay anyways so we're going
to do our traditional alpha today
because I we've been doing this every
single day so here's first OS yeah my
work exxon compass on sale Juicy Couture
satchel plato's closet shards and then
let us allocate abuse like dolce vita
yeah drifting is good ok so this shirt
like ties in front is from pacsun and
then I'm just wearing dark washed jeans
shorts from abercrombie and then I'm
wearing Dana's match the shirt oh you
know and this is the purse that I was
going to wear last night and I was
really mad because I want to match like
better is that I pacsun know I actually
got this at some surf shop it's my
little girl and I got
oh and let me show you guys said
yesterday we were just like walk out of
here miss your random people we're
giving out hacks have gone this DP says
50 pieces of mentos gum I think it's
like a new flavor to our free free and
it's just like awesome and they just
asked us to like take a picture with
them yeah the gun but the piece that the
bag of gum and they posted it online so
I think you're gonna put that on the
video right if you like email it to me
then don't you yeah so we're going to
Frenchy's again which is where we went
our first day because we're getting a
drink we got free drink coupons yeah and
then also there's like these steak
cookies that are apparently really good
she's and pokies and she said are really
good and on Tuesday they're like half
off or something so like why not you
know so we're gonna do that and that's
why
hey guys so here's our little homies
it looks super good
yum yum yum yum it's my favorite dish in
flour water
I'm gonna eat this now hey guys I know
so we finish eating at Frenchy's the
restaurant and I ate all of it great
little massive the play was completely
empty but right when we're about to pay
for our what you're sure we're going the
right way down there oh my god we walk
too far okay anyways um right as we were
no no we're this way because the boats
are right there right as we're about to
pay for our check I'm looking my purse
and I can't find my money and the only
money i had with me was a hundred-dollar
bill so I can't find it I don't know if
I like didn't put in my purse or I took
it out of my purse while in the hotel or
if when I took my camera out to a blog
maybe I dropped it somewhere I have no
idea but as of right now I just lost a
hundred dollars so kind of upset taking
like a champ right now but like yeah she
is yeah but like this is guys not a
goddamn body I expected her to be like
or throwing like a little hissy fit she
is she's taking it like a man I am so I
don't know I'm like praying that it's
going to be in the hotel but if we're
not in our steps back yeah they do it on
the ground if not then Yolo so I can say
