hey guys hello so it's the next morning
and we're getting ready to go over the
beach so that's why it's not Mike
they're shot they're going in the beach
it toughens yeah okay get that get that
lighting going okay here's a little
crappie toppy
no it's like more of like a niche so I
got a little crochet top from forever 21
I just have shorts on from and then
probably just regular Havana's yeah okay
okay I've got it cropped up from
American you go with like a little
tyrant here in Eugene chard and some
wreath shoes okay we're gonna go guys so
we're at the beach all day
oh no recording so we're at the beach
all day
we were cruising around on this mattress
that we bought for ten bucks at
Walgreens it's like you know the regular
mattress loading thing but we put it on
the waves and so it was going crazy and
I lost my sunglasses but and beach ball
around throw football around gummy
football yeah like little ploys to get
the guys yeah you guys we play football
we're trying we're trying now it's like
seven or eight around eight around eight
o'clock and we just took a shower got
dressed now we're gonna walk around
that's it so we're gonna short outfits
might as well like this all flowy
singing and then my shorts are from
Plato's Closet which if you guys didn't
know as a therapist or and then this bag
is from American Eagle which I've
noticed I've been shopping I live
upfront where can you go lately because
that's I don't know I just
yeah so I'm wearing
a black banjo from Tracy great wait and
then this pushy top from Windsor stored
calm and then racism is the same shorts
from this morning they're just oh we
never caught me and this kapinas we're
both wearing a vein of so we're just
like gonna go like probably like go
smoothie or something and get some ice
yeah we're planning on leaving this
vacation
yes okay bye okay guys so there's like
this dude and he's been here every
single day and Daria said that she's
seen him here for like the past two
years he sits there or not stands there
but he like like promised in the thing
and like walks for boat and I think you
like trying to like contact aliens or
something I really don't know
