hey guys so it is let's see what time it
is
3:43 a.m. right now and we're about to
leave and go pick up my cousin in my
hand and yeah let me show you guys my
outfit so you can see what I'm wearing
on the road
so obviously I'm not wearing anything
very pretty I have these tennis pants
and I'm like covering up a name right
now but I'm just wearing these baggy
sweatpants with some black softies
underneath just in case if I get hot I
could take them off and then I'm wearing
my brother's shirt so that's what I'm
wearing in the car just because I don't
like here what I'm wearing I just wanna
be comfortable because right when we get
into the car I'm just gonna fall asleep
so I don't like care what I'm wearing so
everything is already packed up and it's
downstairs but I still got my purse here
because I'm just quickly charging my
electronics so I'm charging my computer
my stuff over there I was charging the
camera that I'm using right now and then
also I'm charging this one so once those
are finished were probably gonna go hey
guys um sorry I didn't vlog at all in
the car but honestly all we did was just
like talk and then now we're sleeping
and we're at the gas station right now
so that's why I'm vlogging because you
don't have to hear our annoying mom's
talking in Polish um but I'm gonna go
back to sleep so we're not doing
anything exciting so yeah okay bye
cool
finally shower after like 24 hours
