hey guys so is Thursday after school
right now I just got home and you
probably can't tell because this quality
is really bad but my hair is like pretty
wet and my face was like really wet
because as I was walking home from
school it started drizzling and then it
started pouring rain so I had to change
clothes because my clothes was soaking
wet or my clothes were soaking wet and
my backpacks all wet now and that was
just a great way to begin my spring
break so that was great I don't really
know what I'm gonna do right now all i
know is later on tonight I'm going to
start packing because obviously I'm you
know leaving at three in the morning
tomorrow so that's exciting and um yeah
that's really all I have to say right
now oh my gosh it's raining so much now
hey guys so it is five o'clock right now
and my moms like all right Claudia like
you should start packing so that you
know you don't have to worry about it
later on tonight so I basically just
grabbed all the clothes shoes and
satchels that I want to bring for the
trip and this is that this is what I
pulled out so I don't know i'm going to
have a problem packing because i want to
bring all this because i like to have
variety when i'm on you know vacation
trips but i know that this is way way
too much so let me just show you guys
what i have here i just have some
bathing suits shirts some crochet tops
longer sleeve sweatshirts if it gets
cold some pajama shirts those are some
satchels more tanks and crop tops and
shirts and then here i like a bunch of
shorts i can't decide which ones i want
to bring some dresses some you know
flats Tom's some long jeans which I
doubt I'm gonna wear but just in case
and that's all I have right now I'm
gonna go ask my mom and see what she
thinks so I don't know why but whenever
my family and I go on vacation and we're
required to drive somewhere we always
like to rent a car personally for me I
just think it's more fun it's just kind
of different experience because you know
you're not used to driving in like a
different type of car so it just kind of
makes your whole vacation trip a little
bit more interesting and more fun for me
I guess I don't really know why but I
want to show you guys the car so let me
just show you guys
inside if you want to see it this is the
first time I'm going inside this car
looks like this so this is where I'm
gonna be sitting with my cousin and yeah
I love the smell of like new cars I
really don't know why but yeah I'm
probably gonna sit here because I always
sit on the left side and it looks like
that so yeah oh my God look at what my
cam is doing so she's like obsessed with
going outside like half the day she's
outside I want she has something in her
mouth right now but um I just walking to
my backyard look who she is hi why are
you so cute mm-hmm she's adorable she's
like crazy today like she was like
rolling on the driveway now she's
sitting on the chair so I just asked my
mom if this is like too much and she
said it wasn't like she thinks i'll have
like perfect amount of space which I
don't know like I have so many shirts
but maybe I'm just like crazy and I feel
like this is a lot but like this is
definitely a lot more than it usually
brings maybe that's why hey guys so I am
pretty much done packing obviously I
still have some stuff out but I was able
to fit all of my clothes and purses and
shoes in here surprisingly but I had to
pack everything in so tight so this
thing is seriously so tough like stuffed
and heavy but I was able to fit
everything so that's good and I'm just
going to leave some open space at the
top just in case if I buy something from
Florida so you know i have like that
extra space so I'm not going to put
anything else in here and by the way I
got this from Victoria's Secret if you
guys are wondering this is my laptop
case so my laptop is going to go in
there and then obviously all my hair
products and makeup and toiletries and
stuff like that won't be able to fit in
there so I'm just going to pack all this
up and put it into this pink victoria
secret NYC tote that I got recently the
last time I went to New York so I'm just
going to show you guys what I'm bringing
this is just a little cube thing that
folds up you I normally keep this in my
closet but I'm bringing this along with
me just so
like I don't know I could just help kind
of stay organized throughout the trip
and I can put whatever I want in there
and then also I just have a beach bag
this is like my toiletry kind of bad
things so I've got like makeup wipes
cleanser moisturizer soap some facial
towels this after Sun soo they're super
good it's by burt's bees do you own rent
perfume all that stuff so that just kind
of zippers up and then here i have like
hair stuff and whatever earrings hair
ties of vitamins of course gotta have
those um and then these two bags have
makeup in them so here's like most my
makeup isn't here but then I've some in
here too and then I have my little brush
belt with a bunch of my brushes in it
and then i have this bag right here that
just has all my cords and stuff like
that and then um my camera my other
camera i'm using and then wallet hair
dryer straightener a tripod and then
some like hairspray and hair protectant
and some brushes in that little mesh bag
that is pretty much all that i'm
bringing for florida so now i'm just
going to go for a quick jog with my mom
and that's really it so i'm just going
to end my video here and i will see you
guys tomorrow morning at 3am ok bye
