hey guys so today I decided that I'm
going to be vlogging my day because I
haven't done that a long time and I miss
doing it so that's what I'm doing today
and after this clip you're going to see
me show an outfit of the day and I
forgot to record an intro for that so
that's why I'm just doing it right now
and I'm about to go walk to school so
I've got my backpack on and i'm outside
but i didn't mention my hair in my
makeup so for my hair it's just whatever
it's my natural hair and then for my
makeup i'm wearing the same exact look
from my recent tutorial on my other
channel which was using the urban decay
naked palette it was like everyday
tutorial or something like that so
that's what I'm wearing and keep
watching to see my outfit of the day so
first off I'm wearing this gene romper
it's really cute it just looks like that
and this is from Hollister and it has
little pockets are here and a little tie
and it's super hot out today so this is
like the perfect outfit for the weather
and the top is kind of weird so I just
put a bandeau underneath and this is
just a skin colored lace bandeau from
urban outfitters and then once again
this is from Hollister and then to time
together with the skin colored band oh
I'm wearing these skin colored sneakers
from what's it called forever 21 and
they're just simple they just look like
that these shoes make my legs look tan
so that's also why I like them and then
to match the shoes in the band oh I'm
also wearing these little bracelets are
here that have kind of these like baiji
skin colored little beads on them and i
think i got it at old navy i believe hey
guys so it's nighttime and i thought i
would vlog a lot more today than I
actually did because I really didn't
blog that much day and I'm sorry about
that i thought i would have more of an
exciting day but i really didn't it
wasn't very eventful at all what i did
was i obviously went to school came home
watched some TV and then i went for a
run for like 35 minutes i guess i was
sweating so much because it's so hot out
where
right now and I was like seriously
tripping and sweat and then I ate came
upstairs cleaning my room I've been
cleaning my room for like the past two
hours and it's actually clean now I'd
show you guys but like I don't want to
show you guys my shirt because you know
has like information on it but um yeah
and then I clean my room and it's clean
out which is like super awesome because
my room has been so dirty for like the
past two weeks it's just been not good
but um if you guys knew this I haven't
really talked about it but tomorrow is
my last day before spring break which
I'm so excited because i am going
somewhere for spring break on Friday
morning I'm leaving to go to Florida
with my mom my cousin Daria she's 18
years old she's been in one of my videos
or I don't know how many i think just
one of them but yes she's super cool so
we're going to be vlogging every single
day so I'm just going with her my mom
and my aunt so it's just going to be
four of us girls getting away and we're
driving down to Clearwater and we're
staying there for a long time we're
gonna be we're going to arrive there at
like I don't know one but we're leaving
on Friday and then we're going back home
the next next monday so we're going to
be there all that following week and
then we're leaving the next monday so
i'm going to skip school on Monday but
that's crazy that's the longest I've
ever been on vacation so I'm so excited
I'm really excited to get tan because
you know winter not really that tan
that's going to be amazing and I'm just
so worried that I'm not going to find
any way to have like Wi-Fi like in the
hotel and stuff so I don't know how
uploading videos is going to work um but
I know I haven't been uploading a lot of
videos lately and I like don't even want
to give an excuse because I don't really
have that good of an excuse to give I
guess I've really just been focusing I'm
like eating healthy and working out
before florida so I've been running like
five to six times a week like crazy
and i don't know like school I've just
been enjoying you know hanging out my
friends and stuff and it's just I don't
know I just I don't know I feel really
bad but once spring break is over I feel
like I'm going to get back into the
swing of you know making videos I
regular daily you know schedule doing it
a couple of times a week so I guess
that's really all I have to say for
today's video um it was a little boring
and I'm sorry about that but yeah that's
that's really it nothing really exciting
and probably gonna like finish cleaning
my room because I've just got couple
more things and then I'm going to do
some laundry because I need to start
cleaning my clothes I mean some of my
clothes for florida and yeah tomorrow i
will definitely be filming because I
mean obviously I'm going to be packing
so that's somewhat interesting so I'll
probably log about that but yeah that's
all yet so i'll talk to you guys later
bye
