hey guys so I with Kayla
you guys want to see your channels just
in case
bachelor time and I'm Kaila aka doll I'm
Kaylee Kaylee Mackenzie and we're just
shopping here at Soho around
I don't know it's it's Friday right yeah
that's cry day and there's nothing else
you say yeah so there's like 50% off in
Urban Outfitters so we're gonna go there
and over into lush now right
so yeah Paulie
even though Kayla's totally just long
yeah we're really hungry and I'm excited
because I'm everybody and yeah I only
just arrived
yeah
alright Emily show us what you're gonna
buy babies there are only $30 nice tree
you'll match everything because you have
silver there's more land left over you
know this is my Topshop you did some
board I do some arm crunches oh yeah
right chop chop right now and they have
some pretty ridiculous stuff like these
crazy bracelet my gosh
so we're Pinkberry right now that's my
first time so original so I got a fruit
parfait without so we are back at the
hotel now and it's night time and I had
such an awesome day today I'm sorry I
didn't film a lot because we were
basically just walking around shopping
and there was nothing really that
exciting - like vlog about but yeah I'm
so sad that the day is over but it was
super fun and I love to meeting all the
girls and stuff like that so I'll have
all the links in the downbar of course
so that you guys can go subscribe to
them if you're not already and also I
got a henna tattoo yesterday and I was
so stupid I forgot to bring my camera
and my video camera to the bf VA
Alliance event yesterday I don't know
how but I forgot my video camera I was
so upset but um that's okay so yeah I
got a hand out there cuz they're doing
henna so it looks like that and my mom
got one too want to show
Chris are not really light I think it's
good she had lotion on ran been like
that they look really similar but um
we've got all of our crap on bed now and
I think I'm gonna we're gonna start
packing up and stuff for tomorrow's
flight and yeah so that's really it for
today's video I hope you guys enjoyed it
and I'm sorry I didn't fill them a lot I
just really want to enjoy my time and
stuff that's yeah okay well I will talk
to you later bye
