what's up you guys it's a new day today
is going to be an exciting video right
now I'm about to go work out but
yesterday I will be working with the
Vale
last night I was actually texting back
and forth with interior designer
wallpaper expert not really sure what
his position as you is like no
installation it's going to cost $200
it's pimps like you should do it
yourself so literally at like 11:00 p.m.
I started putting this wallpaper off it
is done now it looks amazing but let me
tell you guys that was the hardest thing
I've ever had to do my entire life I was
basically just peeling unpeeling fixing
adjusting for like three hours I'm gonna
stop talking about it let's just go look
at it
Oh cute nice cool yeah Oh what BAM oh my
god it's beautiful oh this is so nice
the lighting is a little yellow here now
I feel like it's kind of more accurate
to realize but it's like a cool tone
dark green I know it looks a little
crazy busy but once I have the white
thing here with stuff on top I'm going
to have like a giant mirror it's going
to be covering most of this wall anyways
and so it's going to help kind of bounce
it out make sure it's not too
overwhelming it also kind of helps to
make this room look a little bigger
which is weird I thought it would do the
opposite but I kind of like opened up
this room so I'm keeping that wall white
I'll have the pictures there a nice
mirror there I think it's going to be
perfect I'm so happy with it so I'm
going to go work out and play footage of
me struggling to put this stuff on at
midnight last night so enjoy that look
what came in the mail today holy I
am obsessed let's do this shout out to
my great friend Leslie for recommending
this wallpaper at a very high tongue my
life I was very stressed out and very
overwhelmed she came in she swooped in
she figured out what I needed for the
space and would you just look at it also
she's really attractive here's her
Instagram you should check her out which
is really dope pillows and furniture oh
good bye a few hours has passed
I haven't been doing a great job logging
today but I basically just been driving
all around town I had to go get my hair
done real quick so if you guys can tell
it's a little darker I made it I'm at a
stoplight right now so go more red but
it's more cool toned and then I also got
kind of like my front pieces chops
freaking obsessed I'm so in love with
this whole combo I did this last time
and after that I had to drive over to a
fitting for the feature next week my
characters outfits are so cool and so
crazy she's basically just a little
fashionista who wears whatever she wants
so they're all super funky and I'm
obsessed but as we all know you-know-who
got a little package in the mail when I
find something that I like whether it's
a color a pattern a theme anything
sometimes I go a little overboard so
when you guys see this you guys are
going to be like Claudia haha but this
is the last thing that I am purchasing
in this pattern
technically I only have one other things
hey it's a pillowcase I do realize yes
I'm obsessed with leaf patterns I'm
obsessed with green plants in general
they're freaking all over the place and
this department it just makes me happy I
don't know oh my god I don't know where
this is going to go yet it honestly
might even just go like on my bed
upstairs very cute
if you guys are curious I got the pillow
from Amazon and then I got the pillow
case from Moga boy yeah I got it from
Etsy that's it you guys I'm in such a
good mood right now it's probably going
to be annoying so forward and I sit down
and talk with you guys lately all my
blogs have been like go go go this is
what I'm doing whatever
so last night Rebecca came over just to
pick up her birthday presents because we
left them here and I was kind of just
like deep in my own thoughts thinking
about so many different things and so I
was like hey I mean like you want to
come over and just like talk about life
and she was like duh I swear to god it's
Rebecca and I have the best
conversations ever whether it's like a
30 minute car ride or it's a five-hour
hang out at one of our houses I think
both of us just recognize how much we
can learn from each other from just
sitting down and like listening to the
other person and we always just end up
getting like super crazy with it and
spiritual and all this stuff so we were
talking about you know obviously like
our careers because we're very like
career driven driven girls and we talked
about friendships and like communication
with like the people in our lives and
all this stuff
at one point of conversation we're kind
of talking about like you guys we both
brought up the question like what do we
give our audience because I feel like
with every single youtuber and self
content creating person there's a reason
why people watch your videos right it's
like what are you giving them are you
giving them entertainment whether it's
comedy or a place to escape or drama
like with any source of entertainment
interesting because all of your comments
and where the views are going up and
down across both my channels like it's
so clear when you look at it like the
answers are literally right there as
Whaley I've made it very obvious that I
don't have the time to make really cool
highly edited videos on my main channel
so I can't really do that but I'm still
keeping up with it but you know they're
just like the basic lifestyle videos but
I've also been picking up the vlog
camera more often to kind of share you
guys the behind the scenes of what I'm
like and all the work that I put in just
like my day-to-day stuff and if you look
at the views it's crazy because you guys
have been responding to so well to these
laws all of the comments are so so
positive I am so thankful for that and
it's so awesome to see but anyways we're
talking back and forth I'm like what's
been working for us and stuff and it's
clear that like you guys love these
vlogs it's not like I'm doing anything
crazy interesting like for the most part
I'm usually alone in my blog working out
and like going to this audition and
taking this meeting and like cleaning my
apartment like whatever and so I've
realized and really notice that a lot of
your comments are talking about how my
content motivates you and that makes me
so freakin happy because I believe so
much in work ethic and staying focused
and using time to your advantage and
just wanting the best life for yourself
and to see curious and want to learn
things and meet people and do things and
like go outside and experience at all
this is so cheesy what I love so much
about these vlogs and how open I am to
you guys it helps to add some sort of
sense of relatability because anyone
could stumble across my Instagram and
just be like oh this girl is living a
great life look at that like her parents
probably supporters probably add it easy
for her all that stuff but a lot of it
is extremely hard work and like buckling
down I have days like literally last
week I had such a weird like 48 hours of
like oh my god how much of this is worth
it because I work myself so freaking
hard I only go out with friends twice a
week I'm the worst friend most of my
friends only see me once a month is this
all worth it I have those days all the
freaking time because that just it's
bound to happen if your priority
sizing your jobs who like the level of
extreme that I personally do but being
able to show you guys when I'm doing
like day to day I would hope that it
would make you guys feel motivated and
feel like you can literally do the same
thing do you just need to put in the
time and hours and so I think it was
cool for me to realize like I am NOT on
the internet and vlogging and doing all
this to be like hey guys look at this
apartment
look at this like cool couch that I got
in these opportunities that I have and
this is my life blah blah like the
things that I'm documenting and showing
you guys are like the days I'm running
around town or editing all night or
spending so many hours of putting on
freakin wallpaper because that is
something that was important to me so
that's why I've been making so many
moving vlogs because yeah like I like
having this stuff pretty and it's cool
for like people to walk in and be like
oh cool place like very nice but like
99% of the reason why I'm putting so
much effort into this is because I want
to come home and have this place feel
something so Rebecca and I we're talking
about that whole thing as far as like
everyone questions their jobs and what
they're spending so many hours towards
and if it's benefiting anything or
anyone on this planet I don't know if
you guys like like this kind of stuff
these a lot of you are new this channel
so last thing I ever want to be is like
an aggressive preacher but sometimes
these little ideas just like fill you up
with so much energy that you just want
to share it because it just feels so
pure and good and like the fact that I
have this platform and I'm able to send
along this message and have someone
across the world be affected by it like
that blows my mind carrying back to like
what my content offers you guys like I
think that's what I'm most proudest of I
value so much in taking care of the
relationship that you have with yourself
and not doubting yourself and
recognizing your capabilities how unique
you are all that stuff and if I can
somehow push you guys into that mindset
as well as we're all getting there
because I'm definitely not there but I'm
trying if I'm able to help any of you
guys go into that direction then I feel
like I'm doing something that is worth
it
for me personally something this quick
just
click blown oh my god well so many cells
just happen at the same time I'm here to
just fill me quick outro thank you guys
so much for watching today's video
let me know I think as a wallpaper I'm
super super happy with that I'll
actually have a link down below if any
of you guys are like interested in
getting it yeah thank you guys so much
for watching and I'll see you guys very
soon I
