hey guys so right now it is sunday
morning afternoonish kind of and i just
got back from jewel with my mom because
we had to buy some cake mix and icing
and stuff like that and i'll tell you
why later but um I realized I'm wearing
the same statute as it was my last video
but whatever and also I to sleepover
last night with my friends Adriana me
Lea Michele so just in case of you guys
for wondering and right now i'm about to
bake a cake because today um me michelle
adriana know me michelle Neely are all
going to ask our friends to girls choice
and they're doing it really cute way we
always play Kemp's which is like a fun
card game and stuff and they like when
they pass out the cards it's going to
say like girls choice like neely and
blah blah blah and like hearts I don't
know if they like gonna write on the
cards so when the guy gets the card he's
gonna see it so I thought that was
really cute and then what I'm gonna do
it's so cheesy it's not even creative
but um we're gonna have the guys come to
one of our houses that I really know
who's but we're gonna be pretending like
we're like baking a cake or something
and I'll be like hey like can't take the
cake out he's gonna take the cake out
and I sing it's gonna say that girl's
choice so I just got some chocolate cake
from Betty Crocker and then i also got
orange icing and pink icing and I'm
that's what I'm gonna write with and
then also some chocolate icing to put
all over and if you guys are wondering
no I do not have a boyfriend he's just a
friend because you guys always ask me
about that no I do not have a boyfriend
we're all just going as friends so yeah
that's going to be fun and then I'm
going to go to my friends house like
three o'clock and that's when we're
going to do it so yeah I'm excited
hey guys so today is Tuesday right after
school and I think I'm going to go out
for a little jog because it's really
nice and cold outside but it's like not
too cold I don't know so I'm just
wearing a hoodie and yoga pants and my
phone case came in the mail so i'm going
to show you guys how that looks right
now so this is how it looks isn't that
adorable it's like a penguin and it has
little arms sticking out on the side
it's made out of silicone and then it's
just black in the front so looks like
this so if you guys are wondering where
I got it from I got from ebay for like
which was it was like four dollars or
something or five dollars it was so
inexpensive and um I don't really
remember what buyer was but if you just
type in like phone case for iphone
silicone or something like that it will
pop up and I think it's adorable sorry
this video isn't so fun and exciting or
anything like that but it's ten o'clock
and it's still Tuesday yeah and I'm
starting to pack for New York and not I
didn't really pack that much I just kind
of getting the basics I guess I don't
know but I just want to show you guys
this i think i mentioned how my mom got
me a new suitcase but um we actually
switched it out to this one because the
other one was kind of a weird sighs it
was too big to put in the upper
compartments like on an airplane but it
was like it wasn't like that big that
you could put it like fit a lot of stuff
in it if you're going to like put it
under baggage or whatever so my mom
actually found this one which was also
on fifty percent off and it is a lot
bigger this one has like wheels and it's
like kind of a full-on suitcase I guess
I don't know but it has two pockets in
the front it looks basically the same
it's hot pink on the inside but it's a
lot bigger so I like that a lot and I'm
going to be using that for New York and
then I mean nothing really just I don't
know I'm so excited though but I have to
go finish up a couple of things for
homework that I didn't finish yet
because I'm super lazy and I'm such
big procrastinator but other than that
not really going to show you guys my
face because it's not very pretty at the
moment but that's really it for today's
video sorry it was super fast and very
uneventful but that's it ok bye
