hey guys okay so quick hall it's only
like three things but whatever i bought
my own scale yeah our family did not own
a scale and it bothers me so much
because i always want to know how much I
weigh so I finally got one and it looks
so pretty so it's the Taylor one I got
it from walmart for like I think it was
like 40 bucks online or something but it
looks really really nice I already used
it stuff like that so other than the
scale i also got two more things today
and my mom actually bought them for me
walls at school and i had no idea she
was going to buy them so thank you mom
if you're watching this the first one is
a little can't really open up but it's
like an ear muff thing and it goes
behind your head and it covers your ears
and i really wanted this so that i can
run when it's cold out and my ears won't
freeze so this is super awesome if you
like to jog outside and stuff like that
and then also she got me a set of these
black um like hangar things they're like
the velvet ones and she got them at
marshalls it was like a set of 18 for 10
bucks which is an awesome deal and I'm
gonna go switch them out because I think
these are super pretty so yeah obviously
this isn't enough for all my clothes but
I think it'll be good for all my dresses
and stuff okay what she's doing you're
so cute do you hear this I'm vlogging I
wasn't talking to you Oh finally you
decide to stop after like after like 40
seconds my computer is like slowly just
dying hey guys um so it is Friday night
but it's basically Saturday because it's
1230 2 a.m. and I know I should be
sleeping right now but I'm not because I
don't want to go to bed yet I'm on the
computer I'm trying to look for new
phone cases so i was looking at ebay and
I was
just looking at different phone cases
and i actually just bought a phone case
that was like five dollars but it's like
super cute so yeah it's like a really
weird phone case but i'm not going to
tell you guys because once it comes in
the mail then i'll make a video about it
yeah i'm also if you guys are wondering
wives sunglasses that's because um
whenever I come whenever I'm on my
computer at nighttime I always have it
like the brightness set at the lowest
which is what it is right now but
obviously it's really dark so I'm just
brightening up my screen just because
i'm using my computer as my light source
but otherwise it would always be on the
lowest setting but um after a while the
lotus the lowest setting like my eyes
get used to it and it starts feeling
really bright so um sometimes I grab
some random pair of shades and throw
them on selects a little bit darker am i
weird is that bad for your eyes I don't
really know but I do it anyways um so
yeah nothing like sighting today last
night I to sleepover with Claudia and
she was at my house like all day today
basically we're like watching movies and
stuff I don't know um and yeah I don't
really know what else to say I'm wearing
this hoodie from forever 21 watching
YouTube videos it's my life um ok so
there's a chase video
