hey guys um so I just decided that I'm
going to do a really quick vlog in my
bathroom on my phone and first off I
just want to say that I know I haven't
made a video or like a blog type thing
on this channel in a really long time
and that is because this week is like
finals week and it has been or I guess
you can call it midterms I don't know
it's like semester finals and the week
before that I start studying so I didn't
have time to make videos and then this
week is just absolutely crazy it's like
finals and studying i don't know but i
have three tests tomorrow and I haven't
studied that much for them it's like 930
and I still have to study which is I
know it's bad it's bad but i did study a
lot for the three that i took today
yesterday because i took 12 days going
to yesterday and i actually did really
good so far from what i know because for
my biology test we had two parts first
part i got like in ed was it 88 and the
second part i got like in 94 which is
super good because i was getting like an
eighty-two percent in the class and I
was so scared that if I did that I'd get
a seat oh my gosh that'd be bad just cuz
I like getting good grades and um what's
it called and then I also had math today
which oh my goodness that I don't even
know what I got on it yet but I totally
got like I see on it or something or I
don't know probably like a see which is
which is bad but I don't know and that
for spanish i think i got like a 82 or
is like an eighty-three percent or
something which is i mean whatever which
I'm fine I guess I don't know my great
my grades have been kind of bad I don't
know why usually get a's like i used to
always get a's and now
a lot of bees and it's just like Claudia
I think it's because my obsession with
YouTube honestly uh-huh but yes so
tomorrow I three tests and we'll see how
that goes so that's what I've been doing
and also I didn't mention but I'm going
to New York on next thursday and i'm
going to be there thursday friday and
saturday and i'm going because i was
invited to this event thing it's called
like was it like beauty is like fashion
and beauty bloggers Alliance event or
something like that I don't know but
it's like a event for like gurus and
stuff and I was invited to it so I'm
just flying over to New York with my mom
for a couple days which is awesome but I
have to miss thursday friday which
actually I really don't care but i guess
i'm going to be kind of behind in school
but totally worth it and i'm so excited
to meet the other youtubers and stuff oh
my goodness i'm just i'm i'm so excited
but ok my hair is like really bad sorry
um i have no idea what I'm gonna wear
like no idea I was thinking of that one
dress that I got um ok alright cool my
hair is just lovely right now ok just
gonna just gonna leave it whatever um I
single that one dress that's like yellow
pink and navy blue that one dress that i
got from New York people said that it
looks like my superwoman dress or
something I don't know but it's a dress
testing of their of wearing that with
new pumps but I don't know if that's too
dressy no idea eek I don't know but um
yeah I'm so excited for that and that's
really it i just want to tell you guys
and just say that you know I'm sorry oh
I know I haven't made a lot of videos on
this channel so I'm sorry about that and
I hope you guys forgive me but yeah once
finals week is over and so definitely
like monday starting monday maybe the
weekend depends on what I'm doing
because
with friends I never vlog because any a
lot of people wear school sweatshirts
and stuff be it's it's kind of what
you're not worried a lot of people don't
like it so that's why I always vlog when
I'm alone so you guys probably think I
have like no friends but no it's because
I just like don't blog and for my
friends it's kind of weird but um yeah
so it depends on what I'm doing but for
sure definitely going to start vlogging
in on Monday come for that yeah um and
that's really it so I have to go study
some more and eek yeah wish me luck okay
bye
