hey guys um so today is Thursday and
it's kind of like one o'clock two ish I
don't know but I just came back from it
with Adonis and I got blue rubber bands
people sometimes ask me that I get light
blue rubber bands every time I don't
know why but today is the day that I'm
going to be dying my hair I decided it
and I was just like you know what my
roots are so bad like I gotta do this
just got it god I'm nobody's home right
now so I have to go bike ride to
walgreens which is okay because today's
not that bad outside it's a pretty nice
day so I'm excited I'm gonna go quickly
by the die I'm gonna buy some kind of
dyed to match my roots so I'm gonna have
to find something that kind of matches
and then also i'm probably just going to
buy the same highlighting kit i usually
highlight my hair with except i'm
probably not going to use like the
highlighting cap just like died because
i really really really like the dye that
comes in that package so yeah i will
talk to you guys later hey guys so I
just came back from walgreens and you
can see my my cheeks are all red because
I was bike guarding and it got really
cold but I got my stuff I got a couple
other things too I ended up spending
like thirty dollars total which is kind
of a lot I guess but yeah I decided to
just do a quick hall right now might as
well just show you guys so this is the
dye that I chose for my roots it was
really hard trying to find something
that i had to guess was going to like
match my roots so I just went with this
l'oreal sublime mousse I use this once
and I really like this brand a lot and
just like the sub line ones I like a lot
and this is in fifty pure the medium
brown so it's supposed to be kind of
like a darkening and brown which my
roots are really dark like in the back
especially so I'm I think this would be
good and then I also just got what I
always get which is the Revlon frost and
glow highlighting kit and this is for
blonde to light brown hair this is what
I use all the time a lot of guys
so this that i got and my brother just
came home so hold on a second sorry my
family came home but anyways on with the
hall so then I also just got some of
these thinner hair clips because I
really needed a smaller one snack
thinner when I say thinner i don't know
but i really wanted smaller clips like
this but i can like clip my hair in the
back if i'm ever really lazy and then
also i got some bobby pins and then the
last thing that I got was the Aussie
three minute miracle looks like this
I've heard so many great things about
this so I decided to go with it and I'm
thinking about using this is like my
everyday conditioner because I heard
super good so yeah hey guys um so it is
friday morning I couldn't done my hair
last night just because I went out with
my friends last night so I'm doing it
today it's like friday morning and i'm
about to dye my hair so I'm really
excited hey guys so I finally finishes
my hair and it looks like this so the
top is super dark and then goes down to
like really bleach blonde kind of um
obviously it's not perfect because I did
this at home but they're go like
stretching my arm as far as i could to
show you guys but um yeah i mean for at
home just turned out really good i'm so
so so happy and excited that i did this
it was totally worth it took like all
day to do it but I'm just oh my god you
don't you guys don't know like what a
relief it is knowing that I don't have
to dye my roots anymore like it's just
yeah so I picked a perfect color because
this is actually how my hair is
naturally my hair no choice really
really dark now but yeah I'm going to go
to my Fred Bianca's house and I want to
show her my hair and stuff and also
we're going to watch human centipede 2
first one was disgusting the second one
I'm guessing it's going to be even more
disgusting but yeah I'm really excited
to see that and I just could we wanted
to make a video to show you guys how
for now and i love it so yeah i will
talk to you guys later and that's about
it okay bye
