hey guys um so I'm in my bathroom right
now and it is like five o'clock or
something and I have finally come to the
conclusion of what i want to do with my
hair so it took a lot of time for me to
decide because you know you're here is
your hair like you're going to be
wearing it every single day and it's I
don't know but I don't know where I was
going with that but I decided that I'm
going to do ombre hair so i am going to
be doing my hair at home and I'm kind of
freaking out just because I'm just
scared that I'm going to mess up but i
don't think i will cuz knock on wood so
i'm going to be doing two different
things so first off i'm going to die the
top of my hair brown but only a little
bit only liked here but i'm not going to
do it like perfectly straight that would
honest that would obviously look really
bad but i'm going to like just get rid
of all these random little highlights
and just kind of I don't know i mean i
know what i'm going to do so yeah i'm
going to like dye my hair like the same
color is my natural hair like to hear
and then I guess I'm just gonna put some
bleach like bleach my hair at the ends
and then I'm going to wait a little bit
and then just put it a little bit higher
and then wait a little bit and then I'm
i take it out so it's going to be kind
of lighter here and then a little bit
lighter and then it's going to be a
sturdy blonde color and that's going to
be brown so um yeah i'm going to be
dying i'm going to do that all in one
day I don't know what I'm going to do it
I really want to do tomorrow but I'm
probably not going to know doing it
tomorrow I just I really wish I could I
don't know I guess we'll see I mean if I
do end up doing it tomorrow then I'll
for sure vlog about it but that's what
I'm doing and I'm just freaking out but
I'm really excited because I can already
kind of picture home get a log since my
hair is already dark here just imagine
little bit lower and a low
later feel it great earlier today
awarded video is called 2011 and I just
basically included a bunch of photos of
just like me my family and my friends
and stuff like that and I just kind of
put a song to a mate like a slideshow
and I was super excited to show you guys
cuz I thought like oh I never really
show you guys like the other part of my
life like all my friends and stuff like
that I never really like talked about
that or like include that in there but
yeah I guess I can't just because some
people were just taking things way too
seriously with that video and I was
getting a lot of hate on it so I had to
delete it which kind of stings because I
thought was a cute video and I was
really kind of like excited to show you
guys like that other part of my life but
I don't know I guess I learned my lesson
and I probably won't do that again I
don't know but um yes so that's the
answer your questions if anybody was
wondering why delete the video so I'm
sorry if you didn't get to see it and if
you wanted to but i already deleted it
so i'm not gonna like upload it again or
anything and go through all that so yeah
I'm sorry about that oh also okay so
yesterday I went to the container store
with my dad and we bought some stuff for
my closet because I'm kind of changing
at my closets a little bit not too much
but just a little bit and my dad is
picking up the stuff today so I'm
excited for that and it was probably the
most stressful thing ever like I love
the container store i love stress like
that but like it was so stressful just
because like we were trying to get like
these baskets but my closet my closet
space is just so small like it's
everything has to be cut like personally
cut to like fit my closets and like none
of the cool stuff like all the baskets
that pull out all that cute stuff for
organization none of that fit in my
closet so I couldn't do any of that
nowhere
it was really stressful so my dad is
picking up the stuff today and I'm
really excited and um yeah so earlier I
finished editing my new york video
finally oh my goodness i've had this
footage for like two months and i just i
don't know why i never got around to
editing it but I finally did it today
and I'm exporting the project right now
so do you guys remember that one really
really bright Victoria's Secret duffle
bag that i had it's all blue with bright
colors and stuff like that and yeah I
actually took it to New York with me
well today my mom bought me a new one
and it was totally unexpected I never
even asked for one but she knew how much
I thought the other one was so childish
so she got me this one which is black
and polka dots and I was so surprised oh
my gosh thank you so much mom and the
reason she got it is because it was on
an amazing deal originally it was sixty
dollars there you go and the price that
she paid for was 30 so it was fifty
percent off which is crazy in my opinion
at least and it just looks like that I
am so excited it has kind of brown
details randomly on the bag and I was
really happy so thank you mom so my dad
is on his way home from the container
store so that means i have to take all
this stuff out so he can you know put in
the new shelves and stuff so yeah now
I'm finally going to have to go through
the mystery boxes up there because I
haven't gone through any of those in
years and I have no idea what's up there
so I'm finally going to have to go
through it all which kind of sucks
because I really don't want to but yeah
I mean it's not too much clothes but
yeah I have to take all this out and I
will see you guys later yeah i just love
in my room is so messy
so as you guys can see my room is still
kind of messy from the whole closet
thing but at least all that stuff is out
of here like you guys saw just a second
ago but my closets are friendly finished
and I'm so excited okay so i'm going to
show you i'm going to save the best one
for last so first i'm going to show you
guys the one that is on the right side
so this is the one that didn't have
these thingies so that i can move
everything around so my dad had to screw
those in but it looks like this now it
still looks kind of similar as before
except now i have a whole different like
system going on now so it just looks
like that dude to do and then up there
I've some shirts that don't really wear
I've got my robe hanging on this side
and then nothing here but yeah right so
now i'm going to show you guys my most
favorite closet which is on the left
side and all right there's a pencil guys
ready oh okay so it's a little empty and
I'm sorry this camera zooms really far
up so I can't really go back but on the
top I just have two shelves skirts and
then just a bag I've jeans jeans shorts
and colored like shorts my playing v
necks and scoop neck shirts here I have
all my dresses and then at the bottom
this is my favorite part of the thing I
know I don't have a lot of shoes on my
little rack's right now just because a
lot of them are downstairs but also as I
kind of my collection grows I will have
a bunch of room for you no more shoes
and stuff so I'm excited for that so
mm-hmm I just as you can see we had to
add another thing down here so that I
could have lower shelves so I have you
know my boots I'm probably gonna put my
uggs right there i'm not really sure
just some high heels and wedges here
I'll way of like two pairs of shoes
yeah I'm so excited and then right here
I have my little flip-flop organizer
from the pear tree com I think
definitely one of the best money I've
ever spent it was so inexpensive and
it's just it seriously just like an
amazing way to store your flip-flops and
then I just have my belt holder right
here so that is it for today's vlog I
hope you guys enjoyed it and I will talk
to you guys later bye
