hey guys um so it is friday morning and
I think it's like exactly like ten
o'clock right now and I just finished
packing and stuff because i'm a super
late Packer ipek right at the last
minute and i'm just using my very bright
and childish looking victoria secret bag
thing and I like a lot because it fits
in like the upper you know like the
upper thingies the storage thing on the
plane I don't know yeah i'm going to be
taking this purse i'm also wearing my
red sweat suit just because i don't know
why but like whenever i go in airplanes
I always end up wearing my juicy sweat
suits um not really packing a lot since
I'm only going to be there for like
three days and I just found out that on
Sunday we leave at like eight in the
morning I was like what I thought I
supposed to be a PM so I'm not even
going to be there all day on sunday so
like basically we're going to be there
friday we're gonna get today we're gonna
get there at like three and then we're
going to have all day saturday which is
today the meetup which i'm so excited
and then on Sunday we leave sunday
morning which is really sad but I mean
whatever so I school the next day so I
guess that's kind of good that we're
leaving like in the morning um yes
that's really it I will talk to guys
there bye hey guys so it is friday night
and we are in time
and it is so crazy and hectic
like I'm like I'm like scared to film
because I'm gonna lose my dad
I'm gonna go hi
hi we just went to this chinese
restaurant and it was super good so I
guess we're going back to hotel now i'm
not sure but it's so pretty now there's
not as much people now so it's a lot
better hey guys so it is saturday
morning and my dad and I are just
walking in Central Park it's so pretty
here we're like total tourists just like
checking out the main parts I saw the
hotel Empire and I was pretty awesome
for all you that watch gossip girl you
know exactly I'm talking about and yeah
it's like ten o'clock so we still have a
couple hours to the meetup so we're just
kind of wasting time by walking around
and stuff hey guys i'm at the meetup
right now you guys want to see your
youtube channel armatronix 97
actually one
Lily a music
passion for next
hey buddy
vanity no you to tail
ok
yeah okay I think we're gonna go
shopping now I'm not really sure but ok
I'll talk to you guys there by
you
