hey guys um so I just got home so it is
officially the first day of the year
january first I just came back from my
friends Neely's house it was a party at
her house last night so I was fun you
know parties are fun and then all the
guys and stuff left and then all the
girls stayed and we all just had a big
sleepover on my friend Neely's house so
my mom just picked me up and I didn't
even change out of my pajamas so what
did you guys do on New Year's Eve um did
you have a party or go to a party or did
you spend time with your family or just
some friends you have sleepover I don't
know conv alone tell me I love hearing
what you guys have to say so here's just
a quick outfit of the day so I'm just
wearing a simple shirt I'm also wearing
my new bag that i got from forever 21
just jeans I black flats and my hair is
just like really messy like you can see
my part it's like it's like a metal part
like an uneven middle part i don't know
i'm really liking though liking the
whole messy luck and then for my makeup
I'm just swearing light lips and kind of
peachy blush and that also i'm wearing
kind of a very smoky like topi brown
kind of eyeshadow look I'm really liking
it lately I've been wearing it a lot and
once again get over here is just kind of
whatever oh I want to ask you guys what
should i do my hair like I have an idea
ok so my roots are like starting to grow
in and it looks really bad in the back
oh we're going to look so bad so I want
you guys opinion should i highlight my
hair again so that um you know my roots
aren't as bad and then my hair is just
going to be a little bit lighter because
i notice it whatever i highlight my hair
it fades a lot like the day that i
highlighted it it will be like bleach
blonde and then I'll kind of fade which
I like that I like hot fades so um
should I either get blonde highlights
again I could just do it at home it'll
be like for a little but they'll you
know it's just gonna look all my hair
always looks or I was thinking should I
get brown highlights everywhere so that
kind of for the colder season I'm going
to have a little bit darker hair and
also the reason why I was thinking of
doing that is because then I won't have
to do my roots as much because if the
highlights like more of the brown
highlights kind of matched my roots it
will be easier for me to get away with
not touching up my roots for a long time
do you guys something because I'll do
highlights that kind of match my natural
hair so thinking that those those are
the two options for should i go for
ombre ombre however you say it where
it's laying on the bottom and then dark
at the top and if I did that then I
would probably like lighten some hair
down here like only not all of it
because I don't want it too dramatic but
like imagine highlights on the bottom
like that I could do that easily at home
and then I'd probably just let my roots
grow out so should I have blonde
highlights again and keep having to read
diet which is really bad for your hair
or should I have low lights like brown
highlights or should I let it grow out
and highlight the bottom and have hombre
because I have no idea i'm just so stuck
so I decided to ask you guys so comment
below tell me what you guys think I
should do because I am seriously stuck
in a pickle so yeah I have to go I'm
going to go eat dinner with my cousin
and her boyfriend I'm totally
interfering because I had no idea but
yeah so all right well I will talk to
you guys later bye
