hey guys so I'm with adrianna and we're
shopping right now we're going 22 miles
today and we're at the first one right
now and it's really boring so we're
sitting really loud just like this
random screw you guys but we're sitting
in the back of old navy right now
because we're really bored and there's
nowhere else to sit inside so we're just
sitting here and there's people
everywhere oh yeah they're like staring
at us but no one really cares and yeah
so we're just waiting to go to the
second mall because we already did all
our shopping we bought some stuff from
Bath and Body Works so so i got this
miniature neves candle and it comes with
like this little glass thing and it's
really cute because just like this and
it's like really tiny that's it she got
two of them so then I got two leaves
candles and they had this deal we're
like if you get a candle a mini one like
this then you get like a free glass of
chard thing we're not free but it equals
two dollars total so I got two candles
and it was four dollars total so two of
these and two little glass glass cup
things that are right in here and I also
got this candle which is Islands colada
and these are original ten dollars this
is the one with the one with but it was
fifty percent off so i only paid five
dollars for it so it smells really good
reminds me of florida because it smells
like this one sunscreen that i always
use with like pina colada mix it smells
really good so we're just sitting here
really bored out of our minds so we will
see you at the next pack hey guys um so
I just got home and i'm sorry that
meanie Jonna didn't flogged it all
during the mall but right when we got to
the second mall we got there like 530
and we're just like rushing to get into
all the stores because it was an outlet
mall and we were just like trying to get
all good deals so yeah I didn't really
have an attempt to vlog and film because
we were just like hardcore shopping and
I did some pretty good pretty good
shopping stuff got a couple things from
forever 21 so that's going to add on to
my forever 21
T'Pol but I also got some stuff from
bath and body work so i decided that i
might as well i think i'm just going to
show you guys everything that i got
today except for this stuff over to
anyone because i'm going to mention that
in my collective haul which i think i'm
going to be filming tomorrow so yeah so
you guys know that i got two of the
little lead can leaves candles and the
glass things and I'm lighting it right
now and it smells so freaking good and
then you guys also know that I got this
I'm definitely getting a big size of
this next time because this stuff I
don't know why I'm just obsessed with it
and this is Caribbean or caribbean
however you like to say it escaped
though from hollister i got some dark
dark blue navy skinny jeans I don't know
that's not really that interesting and
then I just got a bra from victoria's
secret so I'm just on the computer right
now looking at my subscriptions and I'm
actually kind of in the middle of
Kayla's vlog and her vlog channel is a
que doll times two I don't know if you
can see it alright that's that's cool
there you go yes so I'm in the middle of
watching that and um what else yeah oh
look who came to my room she's just
chillin under my desk this is new she's
usually either under my bed or on my bed
or she likes to sit in my dresser too
but um this is snail sorry this video
was really really pointless and boring
but i'll talk to you guys later bye
