hey guys so it is Christmas Eve Eve and
look at what Christmas does to my room
all of that there's like scraps
everywhere and there's tank top all my
presents are packed up over there do you
see how messy my floor is and look at my
bed I just got like a package in the
mail so I kind of dumped everything on
my bed I still got all the garbage on
there so I think I'm gonna clean my room
right now oh so I just came back from a
Christmas party and we decorated cute
little ornaments they're like made out
of wood and we just painted it and when
says Noel and I really like how it
turned out so don't know what I'm do
that but yeah I'm gonna go clean my room
because as you can see it is like a
pigsty hey guys um so it's like an hour
later after that clip that you guys just
saw it's exactly like an hour later and
I took a shower sets with my hairs all
wet yeah still haven't started cleaning
my room yet I am seriously the most
laziest biggest procrastinator ever so
yeah I've just been sitting here for
like half an hour on my computer and um
I think I'm going to be doing a forever
21 haul very soon like a collective one
because um I got another package in the
mail and I got one this morning so as
you can see I am clearly a shopping
addict online shopping addict I'm
obsessed that's what I'm doing right now
I'm just going to quickly open this up
and I'm not going to show you guys
because i'm gonna i'm going to torture
you and have you wait to the hall so it
is like two hours later and i'm like
fifty percent dog my room it's mainly
clean but I still kind of want to clean
my closet and like all the little
drawers and stuff and plus I still on a
vacuum especially underneath my bed
because I get so much dust but yeah it's
pretty much finished almost and I can't
is sleeping on my bed
I don't know if she's still sleeping no
I don't know um and yeah my mom asked me
to pack this for her so I have to do
that or wrap it I guess auntie all my
presents I like Twitpic a photo once and
stuff but um this is how they turned out
um so just like dinnertime right now and
I don't think my family's really got all
like eat dinner together um as you can
see I've been in my pajamas all day
because I've been cleaning my room and
stuff but right now i'm actually just
made myself some tea and i'm making some
spaghetti so i am really excited because
I'm really hungry look at that yum it
looks so good it kind of I ended up
making a little bit more than I expected
but I don't really care because I'm
excited someone have my tea in spaghetti
and it kind of looks gross in this
lighting but it actually looks so good
in person so yeah I'm gonna go eat now
