hey guys okay so let me tell you a story
first so this morning I woke up to some
noise under my bed and I was like oh
it's definitely the cat you know no and
then a chipmunk popped out and then ran
down the hallway so basically it I got
woken up by chipmunk that was under my
bed which was super creepy and um then
my mom over here she uh she caught it
and it's it's in the garbage can right
now yeah okay open up I want to get put
on the ground no no I want to see how
it's not gonna hop out I wish I want to
see it no just have to go no can I see
it over here I don't want that chain
that again please i just want to see it
i wanna see it it's not gonna hop out
we'll see okay okay it's so dark you
can't even see anything overly yeah are
the flashlights no oh wait i can turn
first time or mine I got it I got it
flashlights on whatever okay oh my god
I'm so creeped out right now that is an
empty trash can no ill that was really
gross
