hey sis they all are together good
morning everyone welcome back life has
been very hectic very crazy busy so it's
been hired to find days to vlog but
today it's going to be pretty chilled so
I decided to bring you guys along
I've got a few apartment things to show
you guys but I'm still waiting for my
wallpaper it's coming from Poland and
I'm also waiting for my barstools which
by the way shout to Poland and realize
that the wallpaper was coming from there
those who probably know I'm a hundred
percent polish so I was like well what
is all that I feel like I can announce
this now because I've kind of been
teasing it on social media and stuff but
next week I start shooting my first
movie ever what I remember being so
young and always wanting to be in movies
and even moving out here and slowly
getting closer to it I would dream of
the day to be able to say those words
and be like hey guys shooting my first
movie what up it's going to be so much
fun to film yesterday and the day before
we had rehearsals so we've been you know
going over the script and just talking
about the different theme and so we
start shooting next week also I feel
like this is a great time to mention
that uh why Elizabeth okay my best
friend is also going to be in this it'll
just be so much fun I can't wait let me
show you guys like a few apartment
things that I purchased last week to
show you an organization porn it's a
saying I feed into it I'm literally
making it for you guys it even makes a
porn star great I head up TJ Maxx and
the first thing I got is this little
spice rack it's just made out of like
rubber and plastic it's not anything
crazy but I just wanted some sort of
organization there I also got more
glasses because I needed glasses for
like cocktails and beverages because I
love making like funky little drinks I
think these are going to be the perfect
size they're the same brand from those
so these were literally like a dollar
each which is great those we're just
going to use for like entertaining and
all my friends - you feel like I have
something in here oh yeah I got this
little bad boy ooh I know what to show
you got literally not exciting at all so
I got bathmat
they're just white and light grey and
dark gray so I've got one down here and
one upstairs
I got this fake plans this is my first
take plant in this place I want to be
very like careful and selective with how
I choose them because I don't want them
to look too fake but I think these
leaves are like fit enough and there's a
bunch of them so this might go in this
corner up here because I don't really
have a lot of plants I just have that
little one I also don't really have any
like white marble up here so it'll be
good to spread it out because there's
just too much white marble down here I
gotta like stop flow down on that and
then lastly I got these magnetic
polarized holders from Urban Outfitters
and I was so freaking excited to
discover that this is magnetic I mean I
should have assumed but I originally
bought these like for the fridge I swear
we're not naked but it's like my
favorite photo of joy and I don't know
why I'm probably going to buy a few more
of these and have them going up here or
placed on the fridge it just makes a
place more homey and personal and lived
in now I'm gonna go head over to Trader
Joe's get some groceries show you guys
what I get is that's interesting
starters I picked out some roses and
these little white flowers for
vegetables I got some mushrooms zucchini
some power green mix sweet mini peppers
a bunch of spinach rice cauliflower that
is frozen also needed some almond milk
got some coconut water for smoothies
wild alaskan salmon is lost chicken
bananas my favorite bread from Trader
Joe's just because it's really good for
you and mango berries avocado apples I'm
so obsessed with the toasted coconut
cold brew from Starbucks so I want to
see if this combo is going to taste
similar but this is the cheer Joe's
coconut cold brew coffee concentrate is
such as really strong so you should
definitely mix it with like milk or
water and then also I really like their
coconut creamer and then lastly I needed
to pick up more oatmeal I've never seen
this before it's their organic roasted
baby golden beet wedges so I don't know
if I would eat this cold in a salad or
if I would cook it I love like their
prepackaged stuff like this because it
just makes it super easy and then also
I've never tried these before it's their
roasted Brussels sprouts and
all that's in here is olive oil salt and
pepper lemons
eggs and then I drank this on the way
home mocha nut latte this is also new
and it was really doing good a the
coffee combo that I got does taste like
the toasted coconut cold fruit from
Starbucks it's so good and to the reason
why my hair and makeup done and I'm
wearing workout clothes it's because
Lucas is about to come over and for
myself tape they specifically asked for
me to wear a sports bra leggings and
have my hair and makeup done so see ya
my god so much to say a bigger picture
chimes repairs quickly do that look who
I'm back crack in there a few things
why can't we finish is so funny amazing
don't why we're go double why have you
been looking for a miracle yes yes and
then we're gonna mention another day
what that's a good thought he said
something else bit of it would you think
that we should measure
take that back we're in the middle of
filming Lucas's right now and there's
you know a scene he's supposed to take a
picture of the reader like a pole right
he was like yo like if I'm feeling good
take like you have important camera like
good some could we do it and we did it
I'm going to show you guys like quit I'm
so cute wait come on oh wise men so cute
I'm like really putting this on my
fridge cuz this is us in a nutshell no
it is not there I didn't warn me I'm
sure I look so ridiculous than that
Sookie also another thing do you want to
say okay you just said should we say it
to say together
hey so fix this thing all up together
one two three we're getting married
we're getting married we're engaged
engaged surprise probably not a surprise
we're doing the few ones okay I think we
did this okay you guys remember the last
log Lucas was in we're we're memorizing
lines for something production for you
and I was the other person we're working
on our ABS so got that part
um I got the far away
like we're not going to be dating on and
off camera great can't wait officials so
if you happen to on-screen but I'm still
cute that we actually we worked on it
together he did the vlog together I
don't think I was actually gonna get it
and then I like we have that moment
forever saved it's so cool that like you
didn't know yes and now we have it it's
so adorable you got me the part I'm
actually I know it's no you're actually
like incredibly talented it was kind of
a no-brainer it was a no-brainer
I like specially NASA movie in this vlog
like in the morning yeah this said this
likes it like this vlog like today so
like this is all just so insane all
coming together it's like it's all
happening you guys it's going to be such
a good movie
we still hilarious I can't wait all I
know is that you and Lauren and I might
only be implemented recently like that I
really finishes off with you born right
after that last clip we finished up our
work after that we just turned out for a
little bit shared a glass of wine and
right now I'm actually going to finish a
movie that I started watching on Netflix
it's called across the universe and I'm
really liking it so far I'm going to
finish that real quick it is 1106 p.m.
I've never looked better in my life but
I was going to be a perceived video I
think I've enjoyed it I'll see you guys
for a new vlog very soon have a
wonderful morning evening afternoon
whenever you watching this I
