so our Christmas treat is finally
finished i'm so happy i love it it looks
so Christmasy and awesome oh and here's
my christmas tree if some of you guys
have never seen it it's really long and
tall and small and skinny but yeah super
cute I just quickly want to show you
guys some stuff that I got for my family
I'm so excited oh my gosh so this just
came in the mail today this is kind of
like a sweater thing and this is from
Arsenal I guess I don't know but I got a
hot look for my brother marcin and I'm
so excited for him to see this because
this is totally like his style the
collar is like really pretty it flips
open there's I guess like a safety pin
right there and then there's like button
there and yeah I'm so excited but I
didn't know what size to get I was I was
thinking I should get a medium and my
moms like no he's tall so get a large so
I got a large and I'm like so scared
that it won't fit him but I guess we'll
have to see also I got some stuff from
Ulta and some of this is just like stuff
for my mom and then also like stuff for
my secret santa gift and this is the
coolest thing ever i really want to show
you guys this okay you could see my
address let's let's move that okay so i
got this from personalizationmall.com
and basically what it is
oh sorry okay so it looks like this and
it's basically just like a porcelain cup
kind of thing coffee cup with a silicone
top and basically got to personalize it
and have a bunch of photos printed on
the cup of me my dad or my dad and I and
I thought that was so cute because he
drinks coffee like every day for work so
that this would be perfect kind of put
in his car and drink and stuff so I
thought that was adorable so yeah that's
mainly what's come in the mail I'm still
waiting for a couple other things but
yeah I'm so excited I'm going to go
target today and you know package it all
up and stuff so I'm pretty pumped hey
guys so I just came back from target and
obviously i bought the christmas stuff
that I needed and some other things and
what's it called I was trying to film in
there but it just didn't work out there
was so many people in the Christmas
aisles it was just like super crowded
and everyone was just talking it was
just not like a good environment for a
video blogging so I just decided to show
you guys once i got home so the first
thing is i just got some tissue paper
this is lime green it's just 20 sheets
and then also i got this little cute
penguins sparkly present bag and this is
for a part of my mom's present also i
got this one for my secret santa gift
and this tree kind of like pops out you
can't really see but oh my gosh this bag
is so cute then also i just got some
what is called stride stride shaun white
gum I'm obsessed with this gum it tastes
so good so I got like the big pack also
i got this bigger bag which is going to
be for one of my brother's gifts and
then also i got this wrapping paper
which is super cute it's just black with
snowflakes and Santa's all over it there
was another one with no Santa's on it
and I liked it a lot but then I decided
to choose this one because it's a little
bit more you know Christmasy so I like
that oh and then also I got a little
99-cent bow to put
on one of the presents for my dad so
there's that and then also I got some of
these things and this is actually going
to be for a future video if it turns out
well then we'll we'll be good but if it
doesn't then I don't know I guess we'll
see but I got some goods for a cooking
video that I'm going to do and I'm not
baking cake so don't think that I'm
baking cake but i did get cake mix and
then um two different types of white
chocolate I don't know which one's gonna
be better there's this one and then also
I got bakers and Nestle and then also I
just got some coconut Sweeting flakes so
that's it that i got from Target I'm so
excited I think I'm gonna rip start
wrapping some of the gifts and that's
pretty much it so I hope you guys
enjoyed this video and I'll talk to guys
there bye
