hey guys so today's video is going to be
really really short but it's also going
to be really important so please please
please keep watching as you can tell
from the title above i'm going to be
having a new york meet up and i'm so
excited as you can tell just because
this is my first meetup that I've ever
made so I have no idea what to expect I
have no idea how many girls are going to
be coming and I think kind of fits the
best parks I had no idea what's like
gonna happen so I'm so excited to meet
you guys that live in New York I really
hope you guys come and yes let's just
get into the details I'm going to be in
New York for only three days it's not
really that long but whatever I had to
squeeze you know a meetup in there i
just had to so as for the details of the
meetup it's going to be on november 16th
so that's basically like a week from
today so i'm giving you guys kind of
like a week you know to ask your parents
and see if you can go i really want to
give some time for you guys to you know
really see if you can come so it's going
to be on a saturday so next saturday and
it's going to be I decided it's just
going to be at three o'clock I don't
know a lot of people seem to have it at
three o'clock so it's going to be
november sit 26 three o'clock and it's
going to be at Times Square and I've
never really done this I don't know how
it looks but I hear that a lot of people
have to deal with security if you do it
in front of forever 21 so I'm going to
be doing it across from forever 21
apparently there's some sitting area
right across from forever 21 so that's
where the medium is going to be snacking
me in front of forever 21 just because I
don't want you know like security coming
there and be like what's going on is
this a flash mob or I mean I don't
really know what goes on but yeah so
it's going to be across the street right
across the street from forever 21 in
that kind of little sitting area
apparently i don't know i'm guessing
it's really noticeable and you will prob
see me so just I'm going to be in that
little forever 21 area so that's where
you'll find me don't really know what to
expect but yeah I guess just right
across the street so yeah that's
basically it so be there at three
o'clock pm on November 26 so that you
can come and meet me i'm going to be
there probably for like two hours I
don't know it might end up being like
four hours who knows but yeah please
please come I really really want to meet
on my new york subscribers that'd be so
much fun I'm definitely gonna be really
really awkward but you know what it's
all good and we can just stand there and
talk and take pictures and stuff like
that and then I was also hoping that you
know we can all go shopping at forever
21 and yeah that's basically its kind of
blow if you guys are going to be able to
come so I can kind of get a general idea
of how many girls are going to be there
and stuff like that also follow my
twitter that is so important because
during that entire day during the entire
trip I'm just going to be treating you
guys like on my way to the meetup or
blah blah if anything happens just
follow me on twitter which is claudia's
life so twitter.com / Claudia's life or
the aid symbol Claudia's life yeah my
Twitter will be linked in the downbar so
please follow me on there it'll kind of
you know help me out with you know
contacting you guys and stuff like that
during that day if anything goes wrong
or anything like that and also please
subscribe to my second channel which a
lot of you guys don't know about but
it's just beyond beauty start TV in caps
and yeah so it's just youtube.com slash
damn Beauty Star TV and I'm going to be
making a lot of different vlogs from New
York on there and stuff and I'm probably
going to make a new york meet up vlog as
well on there so please check that out
and I will talk to you guys later ok
thanks bye
