hey guys okay so I have honestly film
this video probably like five times
maybe five six times because either I
don't know what to talk about or I was
really like unorganized and also my mom
like interrupted at one point so I'm
feeling it this is the lucky one this
time I'm not gonna have to redo it yes
okay so the first thing I want to say is
happy Veterans Day and also happy
11-11-11 which is November 11 2011 and I
hope that you guys are making your
wishes you know we're like you're
supposed to wish to whatever it's 11:11
if you don't know what I'm talking about
probably searched up on like urban
dictionary or something but I made my
wishes at a level of an am today and I'm
also going to stay up tonight to make my
wishes at 11:11 p.m. as well and some of
you guys don't consider that as a lot 11
because it's like the 23rd hour of the
day or something like that but I still
consider it as 11:11 because where I
live here
we call it 11:11 p.m. so I'm gonna be
making wishes at that minute as well and
it's only like 9 o'clock right now or 10
or something like that I don't really
know so I'm just gonna stay up and make
my wishes and then go asleep because I
like to go to bed really early so you
guys are probably wondering what I did
today
uh nothing I didn't really do anything
today today was probably the most boring
and unproductive day of my life or okay
maybe not of my life but like in the
last couple months this has probably
been the worst day except for the fact
that I didn't have school today which is
really cool did you guys have school
cobble if you did because I didn't which
was really really cool
so basically yesterday felt like a
Friday night and today feels like a
Saturday night and I'm not out right now
because I have no life no I'm just
kidding actually it's because my parents
were like gone I'm almost getting her
hair done my brother's at a concert
right now
jealous and my other brother I think
he's like hanging out his friends right
now and my dad was at work so I was kind
of stuck at home and it got really
really dark today really fast so sorry
um there was no car so I couldn't really
go anywhere because my friends were just
looking out like out and about and it's
kind of far away so I wouldn't want to
walk because it's really dark out and
there's creepy people out there so kids
don't walk outside alone for a long
period of time when it's dark out I have
been in situations when there were cars
chasing us I don't know if there were
teenagers I don't know if there were
actual creeps oh my goodness I was like
hop in fences man it was just like
intense so I have learned to not walk
outside when it is dark out so yeah
that's basically my little story on why
I'm sitting at home alone on a Friday
night actually my mom just got home so
I'm not alone but basically I am because
I'm not really with any friends right
now which kind of stinks because I'm sad
I don't like this this is boring so
that's why I decided to make a video
yeah so I just kind of threw this top on
I'm not sure wearing yoga pants right
now but I'm wearing this really kind of
loose flowy blouse and of course it's my
mom's because here in my family what
happens is my mom buys a really cute
shirt from some random little boutique
or something like that and then I find
it and then I like it and then I steal
it from her and then she never sees it
ever again that's how it works my family
so this is actually my mom's and she
should say goodbye to it because she's
never gonna see this thing over again
because I love it so much it is so cute
I think I'm gonna wear this for New
Year's I might because it's
super-dee-duper sparkly so I might wear
that things
nothing's New Year's Eve also I did my
hair different today I like pulled some
hair back and then I like took some baby
pieces and try to put them and I just
have like really loose curly hair and it
really curly I kind of put it in like
buns but
yeah actually turned out really cute so
I like it I've been actually wearing my
hair curly a lot like to school and
stuff like that because I don't know I'm
just in that phase right now where I
just don't like straight hair on me I'm
just loving like thick curly hair right
now I'm also liking darker lips I'm
actually wearing pink lip gloss right
now not new lips which is crazy because
for the past year I've been wearing new
lips and I'm finally switching it up I'm
finally breaking out of my little new
lip gel which is awesome because new
lips are kind of annoying to deal with
because you guys have to reapply and it
always like ends up looking bad and I
don't know so I really do not know what
to talk about probably the most
productive thing that I've done today
was watch three episodes of Gossip Girl
yeah I am obsessed
I'm already I'm already starting on
season three I did not watch the
episodes today I watched five episodes
day I think oh my goodness five episodes
each episode is 40 minutes on
I seriously woke up and just started
watching episodes and then oh my
goodness I have a total problem this has
been in here for like a week and I don't
know why it's foil why would I why would
I need foil I don't know but it's just
it's been in my room for a week and I
think I'm gonna go bring it down to the
kitchen after I film this video because
I'm pretty sure we need foil so so I
think I'm gonna go for today's video
there honestly this video was really
pointless I know so sorry that you had
to watch it because I know is really
really boring but I wanted to see you
guys and talk to you guys on this
channel because I haven't made a video
on this channel in a while so I just
want to catch up with you guys see
what's going on anything new how you
guys been and yeah that's it for today's
video I hope you guys enjoyed it
and I'll talk to you guys later bye
