hey guys so today I am just going to
talk about whatever because you guys
know that any time I ever make vlogs on
this channel I never know what I'm going
to talk about I seriously just turned
the camera on and gosh I don't even know
what I'm going to talk about but I'm
gonna end up talking about something and
it's gonna be like a 20 minute long
video so yeah guys um haven't really
updated this channel a while I'm sorry
about that but I have some good news ok
so my tennis season finally ended which
I'm sad about but I'm also happy about
just because now I don't have to have
you know tennis practice for three hours
every day so now I actually have time to
you know upload and edit and record
videos which I'm super-excited about
someone kind of get back into the swing
of making more videos which is you know
really awesome also if you notice that
I'm wearing the same shirt in the same
hair and same wake up as my newest video
on my main channel which is my luxy hair
extensions review that's because I'm
just recorded that video so that's why
I'm wearing the same exact outfit and
stuff like that I'll suggest notice I
made my bed in my video that like never
happens so don't get used to it but I
made my bed my video which was really
awesome it wasn't really pain in the
butt to do it because it took like 10
minutes but I guess it was worth it
because it looks like my room is clean
even though the bottom underneath me has
a bunch of junk if you guys want to see
see all that junk yeah so no my room is
it that clean but looks kind of clean in
the video if you ask me so you know it's
all good oh my god so yesterday I got a
pumpkin spice latte and they have these
things called pumpkin scones at
starbucks pumpkin spice latte and
pumpkin scone put together it's like
fall heaven so totally recommend getting
that oh I know what a question that I
always get asked and that is when am I
going to get my braces off I have no
idea I was supposed to like already get
them off by now I think or like in a
month or something but because of my
tennis season
stuff like that I never ever had time to
go to the orthodontist so the last time
I went to the orthodontist was like in
the summer which is like so bad but my
teeth are getting really straight
actually I stare the Civil vampire to
that sticks out and it's like completely
down now it's like my teeth an almost
perfect they like our perfect except I
don't know so I'm definitely probably
going to get them off soon oh my god i
want to shoot myself so tomorrow I'm
going to have school because we had
monday off but tomorrow we are starting
the swimming unit in gym class so we're
going to have to swim how long is it for
like two or three weeks every day we're
going to swim get this I have PE first
or gym class whatever you guys call it I
have it first period so i'm going to
have to go through my entire school day
with wet soaking hair makeup wash off
like oh my god I am so mad because
there's like some people that have gym
last period and i'm so so jealous i had
it first period like that stinks I don't
even know what I'm going to do i think
im gonna try wearing like a hair cap and
like goggles I'm gonna look like a total
freak but it's really gonna be worth it
I mean don't get me wrong I love
swimming swimming is like one of my
favorite things to do but not doing
school like I'm so mad oh ok so i
decided i want to make a halloween nails
tutorial I know I haven't been doing any
like halloween costume ideas I just feel
like this year I was just really like
unorganized cuz of like tennis and like
I don't really plan ahead on anything I
don't even know what I'm gonna be for
halloween like I'm just like really just
like out of it right now so like I feel
like next year I'm going to become more
prepared and I'm going to think of a
bunch and just like yo so I definitely
want to do them next year but i think
i'm going to pass this year just because
i don't know what to do but i definitely
want to make a halloween nail tutorial
because I know how much you guys like it
when I do nails
Torres and the one that I thought of
actually thought of it this morning is
going to be cray-cray it's going to be
awesome you know the movie screen with a
guy with the mask I want to make a nail
tutorial inspired by that I'm not going
to tell you guys how it looks yet
because i'm just so excited it's kind of
like awesome it's gonna be sick so right
now i just have nude nail polish and
then I have a hot pink them i don't i
don't know why i just do okay i'm going
to go yeah my knees are up so i'm
sitting like a little kid but i will
talk to you guys later and yeah it's
basically it okay bye
