right
under her mom's down there
something worth it it's like to close
beyondbeautystar is actually are your
lighthouse what an honor should have
gotten in here free sure you should be
honored to be my cousin
this is actually pretty creepy we had to
walk 113 steps
it's like 91 and like hurry run three
ref stops couple water bottles finally
made a head Claudia carry meet up with
it Owen Owen I'm a senior meant another
picture like a little circle it's really
cute like our dads ditched us yeah this
is so pretty
here at least mars you lose resume can
get like a little better make it look
like I'm when you're like me next year i
think our surface is to restore maintain
and make the office of public for
educational and his show of it the money
that we think in the we're going by the
tower above all the rest of us amazing
now that'd be really sad would be really
embarrassed we have a hundred and twenty
steps to go oh my god i actually solved
look at all the people below us oh my
both look at this girl so after this
we're gonna go on this Dean buggies
we're gonna drive and down sand hills
it's gonna be awesome I got sand all up
in a hair everything Oh chicken he's on
because you were doing what does it call
up and down San Jose with this little
little car thing it was really cute and
our head no but we're gonna stop by
chilis
that's going right
oh my god let's show them our handshake
all right what is it shake weight I
don't shake okay okay okay good thanks
max like that and give me some of that
