hey guys um so i decided that i'm just
going to turn on the camera and just
just talk to you guys because hates you
in what are you doing that's my kid my
kid big kid fake sorry i'm such a weirdo
okay all right oh so I have no idea what
I'm going to be talking about in today's
video I mean I usually don't have or
don't know what I'm going to say in any
weblog so we're just gonna go along so
just kind of you know go with it okay
just work with me here um ok well I'm
nothing to say so let me just think it's
sorry my cat is just just our baby okay
nice okay just okay um so when I legit
said that I had nothing to say I would
you have no nothing to say um oh now oh
ok so my last video which was you know
the accent tag or whatever um I realized
that I was really really boring in that
video because a girl a couple girls like
Compton they're like Claudia why are you
so boring in this video because I legit
was like okay here aren't the words well
hola okay here are the questions but
alright thanks for watching bye and then
I turned it off it was so boring and I'm
really sorry about that i did not like
realize that so yeah and did you guys
just love my cheesy background in my
videos well like i don't know why but I
just felt like making a green screen
video just you know like for the funds
of it and I spent like an hour debating
and trying to figure out what kind of
background I wanted to have and then I
found that picture and I don't know how
I thought it looked really cute and I
was like okay I want to be there so I
just put myself in there and made it
look like I was there so that's what I
did yeah it was so random everyone's
like oh nice background like what you
like not get them all here yeah okay
that was
really really weird background I'm sorry
um I don't know oh also in my latest
video which was like a review on my main
channel beyondbeautystar um check it out
I had my little panda in the background
and everyone's like oh my god it's a
panda I love your panda and I decided
I'm gonna put her in it or him or it I
don't really know who's no panda this
Alex I didn't buy this I actually made
it and so in class and what you did was
like you ordered it from a catalog and
then it came with like a bunch of like a
bunch of like was it called like
material and on the back of material I
had like a little stencil so you cut
everything out and then there was like
letters that you match up and then you
basically sewed everything together with
a sewing machine and this bear legit
took me like three weeks to make because
it was just really really intense um but
yeah it turned out awesome i love it it
looks like i bought it which is like the
total shocker because i thought i'd make
it look really really bad i think when
the eye patches is actually like slanted
a little bit or something but you know
what it's all good so yeah his name is
Kiko I think um or Noah I don't know
which one it was my mom so um I don't
know which one it is I was Kiko um
kaleido no it was something i don't know
i don't know what it was I don't know
why I said no other that's definitely
not what it was but this is gonna name
it Kiko cuz it's cute okay um let's see
so what else should I talk about in
today's video um so um oh so you guys
went that big wardrobe thing kind of
looks like it's like a white and there's
like a mirror you know time that for all
my subscribers like my older subscribers
that have see me you know since the
beginning you guys know that I
made a room tour when my room was I
didn't look anything like this either um
in my wardrobe i legit had like books
and like toys in there and now it's like
completely different like I was so
excited to Durham two are like my room
like it's a lot different like it's just
a lot different um marked I show you
guys let me show you guys right now okay
so basically what I did was my room is
really messy I'm sorry um what I did was
I took everything out of my wardrobe and
I started like not having any space in
my closets so I just had to take all my
casual clothes like comfy like
sweatshirts and sweatpants and stuff
like that and I put them in my wardrobe
so let me show you guys well okay at the
bottom there's just my purses which I
kind of don't realize but then i have my
sip up sweatshirts my hoodies my
sleeveless shirts right there my leg
victoria secret like t-shirts and random
you know t-shirts like that and then
I've pants up there and then ran himself
up there but yeah a lot different than
before so yeah I'm I'm really excited to
make that video so no I didn't forget or
anything like that I have to get the
drooler water first um sorry my hair is
just politically I don't know oh also I
want to talk about back-to-school videos
because that's like my number-one type
of video like being requested right now
is back-to-school videos and I'm so
excited to them you guys have no idea
like honestly I think back to school
video this is like my favorite videos to
watch / make because I think they're
just so fun I don't know so of course
I'm going to be doing a back to school
haul like with like you know notebooks
and folders and binders and stuff like
that because I did one last year and
legit that video was just so fun for me
I don't know why I feel like a little
kid again right now I'm just like so
happy
so I'm definitely gonna do that i'm also
going to be doing back to school makeup
looks and i think that's going to be the
one that i'm going to do first i think
and what's it called i think i'm going
to do like a couple looks like more than
one look in one video and they're all
i'm going to make sure that they're all
really neutral and really really easy to
do and really fast you guys want it like
for example for me i spend like two
hours trying to choose my off in the
morning and i have no time to do makeup
so i'm going to do really easy makeup
looks and this is actually one of them
this is like my favorite one right now
it's just like white eyeliner and like a
little bit bronze I don't know but I'll
I'll have it in the video and stuff like
that but I really like this one because
it's really neutral and stuff like that
it's really really really really fast
and easy um and then I'm also going to
be doing back to school hairstyles and
last I was like writing all this down
writing like which looks I want to do
and all that stuff I'm really excited
for that and I'm kind of having a hard
time trying to think of more hair styles
because legit like I will like think of
something and then I'll like see
someone's video and they'll be doing
that in their video and I'm like oh it's
great okay can't do that now cuz you
know I don't want to like copy them
stuff so um yeah I'm doing that and then
what else what else what else what else
Oh back to school outfits this I'm kind
of like still thinking about like doing
back to school outfits because I feel
like it's kind of like I don't know
because you know like you guys are all
from like different places and
especially different schools different
schools have different dress codes you
know like some people can't you don't
have to cover their shoulders or some
schools you and make you even make you
have to cover your knees or you can't
wear flip-flops or you know just like
things like that and I feel like making
a video on like that kind of stuff would
be kind of hard because I feel like so
many people would be like I can't do
that because that doesn't follow my
dress code and stuff like that because
the school the high school that I'm
going into they don't really have a
dress code you know girls can wear short
shorts we can wear you know sleeveless
shirts but i still really want to do it
i think
just going to try to like put variety
into it like I'll like incorporate looks
with things that do cover your shoulders
and incorporate you know looks with
longer pants so maybe i'll make like a
fashion video that that includes like
summer time and fall time because you
know how like when you're still in
school August is still considered summer
so kind of like summerish time and then
like fall time too so maybe I'll do that
I'm not really sure but I feel like I'm
going to get a lot of hate because some
people will be like you would never wear
that to school you can't wear that but
it's like you know I will wear that to
school so I don't know and I just I
don't know I don't know I don't know I
don't know tell me what you guys think
do you guys think that I should make up
back to school outfits video and just
kind of like you know like have a bunch
of different types of like outfits that
are longer or shorter and stuff like
that so maybe there's a little bit for
everybody you know I don't really know
but I want to do that really bad like
really really bad also I really really
want to do a thrift store haul and here
here's my story let me tell you guys my
story so me my mom have been like three
thirst or shopping ever since I was like
five six I don't know I was okay i was
really early okay so um I've always just
been like their store shopping like my
whole life like obviously not everything
I own is their store clothes you know
like obviously by a lot of stuff for you
know the mall and like forever 21 a
group tour a secret and stuff like that
but um you know it's like a really easy
way to just like save money and stuff
like that so I've been doing it for a
long time so me and my mom are legit
like the pros at their store shopping so
I decided that I really want to do a
haul video because a lot of them a lot
of people have been doing it and before
like anyone start making videos I never
really wanted to make that cut hole just
because I was kind of embarrassed
because I didn't think anyone else did
add like there is nothing but a lot of
girls do it sells like okay finally I
can you know make a haul like showing
guys actually when I'm buying their and
stuff and I decided that I'm going to be
doing a collective haul for this year
because I always just go like every now
and then and I started making a list
last night of all the things I've been
include I already have like 20 things so
I'm just going to make a collective haul
of just things that I've bought in this
year so far or just like you know
recently and then after that I really
want to make a video about like their
store shopping tips because last night I
was writing a bunch of tips down that me
and my mom kind of came up with and the
tips that we use and stuff like that and
I made up with like 20 tips I'm really
set for that video too because I
definitely think it will help out a lot
of girls if it's you know your first
time doing that and stuff like that so
I'm excited for that too and that's
basically it that's coming up I don't
really know basically that's it um my
hair is such a freaking hot mess right
now and yeah I always look around my
room trying to find inspiration to talk
about something and it just never works
so I just end up looking like an idiot
like um what am I talk about now um yeah
and I don't know this video is kind of
long so i think i'm gonna go now because
i don't want to bore you guys for too
long so yeah that's it for today's video
and i will talk to you guys soon
hopefully and yeah it's ready all right
bye
