everyone so today I'm going to be doing
the accent tag and I'm really excited to
do this because I've seen a couple girls
do this and I don't know I thought it
was really cool to see how you know
everybody just kind of says words you
know like differently and stuff like
that and actually a couple girls did
tagged me to make this video so I will
have their names scroll by or something
I don't know showing the people that
tagged me to do this video so first
there's a couple of words that you have
to say and then there's a couple of
questions so I'm just going to get right
into it and I'm mr. up with the words
first okay so first one is ant some
people say on I say ant route Wash oil
theater theater right so I say it movie
theater yeah theater iron iron yeah
salmon caramel fire water sure data ruin
crayon toilet New Orleans New Orleans as
I say pecan both again probably spitting
image Alabama lawyer coupon mayonnaise
syrup syrup Sarah I think syrup pajamas
and caught so those are all the words
and other questions our first one is
what is it called when you throw toilet
paper on a house TP getting tp'ed number
two what is the bug that when you touch
it it curls in a ball Rolie Polie Olie
wait how do you see them Roly roly
polies holy roly-poly oles I think it's
nice and even
number three what is a bubbly carbonated
drink called we call it soda or pop pop
soda no one calls it soft drink here I
don't know what else is there
probably soda the most and then maybe
pop sometimes number four what's you
call gym shoes
we call them gym shoes or sneakers
ownerless and sneakers I think you all
just leave gym shoes number five what do
you say to address a group of people
like hey guys hey I don't know um hey
girls guys what's up people I don't know
I don't really I don't know number six
what do you call the kind of spider or
spider-like creature that has an
oval-shaped body and extremely long legs
daddy longlegs number seven what do you
call your grandparents as well since I'm
polish then we say Papa Joshua but or
Janek but I guess in English we just
called him Grandma and Grandpa I don't
know we don't really have any like
nicknames number eight what do you call
the wheeled contraption in which you
carry groceries at the supermarket what
is it what we call it a shopping cart
that's it call it a shopping cart
yeah some people call them buggies or
something I don't know
I wish column shopping carts number nine
what do you call it when rain falls
while the sun is shining I don't even
know I don't think anyone even calls
that anything where I am from maybe like
drizzling I don't I don't know
number ten what is the thing you change
the TV channel with and that would be a
remote control Oroville some people some
of my friends call a clicker but they're
just trying to be cool because it's
knuckle it's remote wherever and yeah
that is it for the words and some
questions so I hope you guys enjoyed
today's quick video
and I tag all of you guys to do it so if
you do this video then please leave it
as a video response and I'll make sure
to watch it so yeah thanks so much for
watching and I'll talk to you guys later
bye
