hey guys um so I just decided to do a
random vlog because I've made a video
and so this is along I'm so sorry
honestly I don't even know why like I
love love love making videos and I don't
know why I've been making them I'm just
such a big lazy but that's what it is
but for the past couple of days I've
been at my friend Claudia's lake house
so obviously I couldn't like tweet there
or you know like making videos or
anything what's it called so that's kind
of my excuse for that weekend but yeah I
don't know I just I've been hanging out
with friends a lot and I'm just kind of
like enjoying my summer you know and I
think a really big part of why I haven't
been making videos is because I tennis
camp which basically I wake up at like
10 o'clock or something and then ice to
get ready and stuff I had tennis from
1:30 to 4:30 so basically what would
happen is I would wake up pretty late
eat breakfast you know get ready for
tennis and I could have made a video
like before tennis but the only reason
that would stop me is because I like to
wear makeup in my videos and I don't
like wearing makeup to tennis so I never
really could make a video before tennis
if you know I'm saying so please plan
wake up get ready for tennis with I'll
make up because I don't want to sweat
with makeup on you know that's kind of
stupid and then I go to tennis at 1:30
and then it lasts all the way to 4:30
and that's still cut that's kind of kind
of late in the day and at that point I
get home take a shower get dressed and
that's when I want to go hang out my
friends and then when hanging off my
friends and I end up coming home at like
10 o'clock and then there's like no
sunlight or no natural light or anything
like that I'm familiar I like make a
video and I'm really tired and I just I
love making videos like in the morning
when there's like well it's bright
outside and stuff like that I just think
the only thing I really was kind of
holding me back was tennis because I
didn't want to like get ready for a
video and then have to like sweat my
balls off at tennis I don't have balls
just kidding so that's kind of like my
Excuse a little bit um
but tennis camp is over so now I'm going
to be making videos a lot more in the
morning
oh my gosh totally why do I keep telling
my hands this is weird so basically I'm
just gonna update you guys because I
know that you guys like have been you
know I've been at my thing right you see
me in action yeah so basically I just
came back from a pool party type thing
that's why I'm in my bathing suit and
kind of shirt still and my hair is
really bad because it was like even fun
and basically just a couple guys just
kind of like made one big party it was
kind of like a graduation party type
thing and they like rented out the pool
close to us and you said well party
there's really fun there's a lot of
people wasn't planning on going
underwater and getting my makeup smudged
but um you know of course I did get
pushed in a lot but it was really fun I
love look like there's so much fun let's
see so I just came home and it's just
like bathing suit so if you're just came
home sat down on the computer making a
video um what else I don't know why my
eyes look so red in this video I need no
idea why cuz when I look in here they're
not bad you know I look in the camera a
little kind of red so I'm sorry about
that maybe it's like the chlorine or
something like that because I don't know
I'm sorry I just got text
so yeah that's um really the most
exciting thing I did today I had a party
all right
I went to a party and then yesterday's
when I came back from class lake house
and then tomorrow
my cousin ex is actually coming over
she's coming around like 12 o'clock or
whatever so she's trying to kind of get
you know like get here early because she
kind of lives like half an hour away
from me or something so she's gonna come
over and I think we're gonna like tan in
my front yard or something I made plans
to tend with someone tan with my friend
Olivia but I totally forgot that my
cousin is coming if it's my cousin's
cousin lisara way she like trusts him
earlier I feel really bad so Olivia if
you're watching this I'm sorry I really
wanted to be on with you but you know
since our friend since my cousin was
coming early you know it doesn't really
work because we wouldn't have any type
of tan
so I'm tanning with her the next day but
yeah my cousin is gonna come tomorrow
and we are going okay okay anyways um so
my friend I mean my cousin calling does
know so she's just gonna come tomorrow
and we're probably just gonna be tanning
really really so like I was trying to
say um
since she's coming over I decided that
I'm just going to I'm going to make like
a follow me around video tomorrow so
I'll just grab my camera around and just
take you guys wherever we're going I
don't really know where we're gonna go
but I love vlog with her tomorrow so
expect that video so today I actually
recorded a video I recorded a what's my
first video just you know kind of
exciting um and I went back and I
started to edit it and I really just
didn't like it I just feel like got the
video I was kind of like tired or
something I was just kind of like
there's my phone oh here's a piece of
gum wait you know like it was just it
was really like I was such a downer in
that video
I think it's just because I was really
tired because I did it really early in
the morning so just so I just decided
that I'm gonna rerecord it so after the
video when I filmed it I legit just like
took everything that I had on my purse
because I put it on my desk and I just
kind of dumped it all back in my bag so
it's basically like you know it's the
same stuff and everything so I'm
probably gonna record that maybe
tomorrow morning not really sure or the
next day I don't know but you know since
I don't have tennis camp anymore it's
definitely gonna be a lot easier when
you kind of like fit in my schedule what
else I don't know it's just nothing
really going on I know I need to do my
roots soon because it's getting bad I
think I'm gonna get the the frosting
glow highlighted again except I'm going
to choose the lighter one and then I'm
gonna do a little bit less of highlights
because my roots are kind of bad let me
show you that this is actually oh I hate
how I look when I take off headbands oh
my god we're so bad okay woman look at
that right there
uh-huh really bad and I obviously want
to go full on door closes anyways
yeah I'm really tired so I think I'm
gonna go to bed and that's funny so talk
to you guys tomorrow
