you ain't got no one guys got to stand
while respected look looking a little
rough welcome back to my vlog channel I
know it's been a second and that's
because I was in Mexico last week I
filmed a lot of cute shots and so right
now I'm in the process of editing that
to make it we could travel diary for my
main channel so you guys would see that
I came back yesterday and I did blog
yesterday because it was kind of like a
unpacking laundry or shoe shopping type
of day I picked up some flowers so we've
got some little white tulips there and
then also some peonies that haven't
blossomed yet they're actually a lot
smaller yesterday so they're already
starting to open up but when they open
up they get like super big and so
beautiful
and so right now it kind of looks like
empty and weird but when they like open
up it's going to look so pretty these
are my favorite flowers in the entire
world and yeah I'm just loving all of
the greenery that's happening also I
mean some online purchases yesterday but
I'm not going to show them to you
obviously until they get here but I got
two bar stool for this half I might just
end up getting four of them but I'm
going to start off with two really cute
they're backless they're wood and those
are the wallpaper for my office finally
I do not use a banana leaf one because
it looked too like cartoony hotel for me
so I've decided between like four
different leaf wallpaper patterns that
look a little bit more like realistic
and the one that I chose is like
tropical it's kind of like a cooler
toned dark green so excited to come in
the mail I got a pillow because I get
anything else
oh my god yeah also right now I'm about
to go pick up some like little shells
from a seller on Craigslist
I've never purchased off of Craigslist
I've always thought of it as like oh
this is sketchy but I was talking to my
landlord and he was like yo go on their
search modern furniture and you'll be
surprised with what you see in about ten
minutes I'm going to go pick up these
super new like West Elm or technically
wall shelves but I'm going to use them
on the ground for shoes you guys will
see it I love having this mirror here
it's not going to show you guys my mouth
is wearing a basic white t-shirt from
Calvin Klein my favourite rips at baggy
jeans from Urban Outfitters my kombucha
as an accessory
my little black samples I got to stop by
the bank get some cash get some gas oh
my god I just picked up the shelves and
what an amazing experience that was okay
for starters I saved like $200 plus
shipping and taxes by just buying these
and they're really brand new like great
quality the lady was so freaking sweet
she had the cutest dogs ever we like
stepped in we checked him out I gave her
the cash she helps me like back the car
into the driveway put a med like after
that entire experience I wanted to be
friends with her she was just such a
nice person they will definitely find a
place somewhere in my house which is
great I just got home I'm freaking
starving but before I go and do that any
episode of the commute came out today
and this is one of my personal favorites
that was actually a first day of
shooting also a new episode of tags just
came out and whoa that is so weird
because the first scene that I filmed
for Tag season two is actually the last
scene in today's episode so like both of
my shows have both of my first days in
them if that makes sense
oh my god what it's so weird I will link
both of those down below but obviously I
am watching it on my TV right now
I am the river Farkle right now I'm
cooking up some breakfast for lunch as
per usual you guys know and I'm also in
the process of filming a what I eat in a
day video but I'm not over stressing
myself and filming all of them in one
day so like yesterday I filmed my dinner
and then today I'm doing a lunch but
pretty much you the same thing I am so
excited to get into this let me just
grab some ketchup water and I decided to
restart friends so I'm on season 1 and
I'm going to play this while I eat
I completely forgot about this until now
so I've been sitting here watching
friends and I'm getting really tired and
then I remembered right just because I'm
on floor I wouldn't sleep right now I
didn't go to bed till like 2:30 a.m. I
don't even know I dunno why I was online
shopping my version of an app is like
sitting on the couch with a blanket
watching TV or just like chilling and
not actually working
yes I'm kind of having like a little
midday chill session I'm opening up some
mails and Bill's drinking some tea and
also I am finally finishing this
freaking book I started it back and he
at the end of last year and I definitely
blogged about it yeah stirring it
vlogmas time I don't even remember wine
and finish this thing so I'm almost at
the end I just got this much left and it
was just the cutest book ever it's
called all the bright places leave down
any recommendations you guys have
because I want to go to the book store
soon and pick up some more about one
half hours later and I'm done with my
Mexico video I actually got through it a
lot faster than I thought I would lately
have been really really speedy with like
filming editing all that stuff let me
show you guys what the bookcases look
like or bookshelves I decided to put
against this wall originally I was
thinking of putting these two down there
in the entryway but I promise it looked
way too much they would either have to
be Center or shorter it was just way too
overwhelming but right now I'm just
having them up against this wall and I
feel like it might look a little weird
and so many guys might be like what is
going on but honestly I need to shoe
space because I have a lot of my this
whole upstairs is so messy right now a
lot of my nicer heels and stuff fit on
this rack but I need something for like
my sneakers and my everyday boots and
stuff yeah I might just store like
candles and random things appear so
technically these are actually wall
shelves and you're supposed to hang them
up on the wall but when I saw them on
the Craigslist ad on the floor I was
like oh my goodness let's see what it
looks like if I were to have them next
to each other yeah honestly that kind of
works this is a totally permanent but I
really do like the spot for these
because they are fairly large and also I
don't really have any wood up in here
yet so that's going to help kind of
bring that wood into here I feel like I
may have mentioned this but I have
another one of these coming in the mail
I decided that this is going to go on
the back wall against the wallpaper in
my office because I have enough space
for it it'll be great for like camera
equipment all that stuff and right here
I need to figure out what kind of
frickin desk I want to get I don't know
if I want to get a white one mir-1 a
wooden one black one a gray one a glass
one I have no idea because I need a desk
and chair and probably going to get some
sort of like little dresser right here
because I definitely still need the
clothing space
it is the next day Rihanna's about to
pick me up we're heading over to a quick
shoots it's called poor decisions and
I'm really excited because we talk about
controversial things while drinking
about rich and I believe my episode is
going to be talking about friends and
benefits so I'm excited to be fun it's
one day later and they're starting to
open up in like two days
oh my god just you wait lately I've been
wearing a lot of gold jewelry I'm
wearing silver hoops right now but I'm
wearing gold necklaces mix and metal
feeling risky if your favorite person if
you with you it's always been you or
here keep I get I gently shod cup you
coffee language I talk about my jock on
we're shooting at pop sugar and how cute
is this little green room also
apparently the snacks are where it's at
and I would totally agree I'm just gonna
take one of these for the like you love
what I do love like what all this is
just show what I was making a joke
saying like oh my god I've been craving
this i'ma grab one of these but like I
got enough white footage reason honestly
this is true if any of you guys watch my
vlogmas and you would know I'm like
insane with my antibacterial wipes I wet
my phone if I'm on a long flight I wipe
like the seats and all the tables and
stuff so yeah that's a thing that I get
made fun of on TV um so so you're really
good at your job I'm just trying to come
here and you might draw up and have fun
and I'm feeling you don't personally
victimized by lianna right now he's
supposed to be on my sides and you
really I do
we've been told that there's a giant
Reese's Cup that's the main not to Joe
oh wow yeah there it is Sam that looks
so good it's not going to do it though
don't tell anyone don't tell anyone just
a little filler
so bad I would never eat again it's just
so bad I would never get another slice
oh my god this vlog Candice Candice vlog
we're about to film right now look at
these beverages
they're like cake shakes with vodka yeah
holy they're so cute
so yeah this is what we're going to be
staring at and doing the thing 30
minutes later something like that we've
got our beverages down to the last few
set I'm feeling a little bit personally
are you doing it you're so going I know
in the beginning we were like oh this is
really strong and then it just got
easier and easier to drink yeah but
anyways it was a great time when this
episode comes out I will be sure to
tweet it out to you guys and stuff so we
hanging out I'm opening some PR packages
from literally all my faves fresh
obviously do your Duff milk duh make up
forever duh Oh amazing so it's actually
just the same day I just changed my
outfit like usual right now I'm waiting
for Rebecca to come out and actually I
can see her we are heading over to
Hunter Marches place because his show
comes out today and so we're having like
a little viewing premiere party hello
it's all so good in here thank Seifer
braised it hi I'm just letting them know
what's going on we're heading over to
hunters yeah so excited to see what this
show is about because all that I know is
that it has to do with emojis and it's a
game show right for so long I thought I
meant like emo genius like it was like
about like emo people a video this is a
document that we're hearing and people
are here and we're very very long yeah
we ought to livestream him it was really
fun um hi so guess who forgot her camera
in her card
I literally mentally was like don't
forget to do this I know you're going to
be in a very intense conversation to
breca when you guys get in the car and
you're gonna go to hunters and you're
gonna remember your camera and I didn't
it's time we all make mistake and happen
around human time at a good time have a
good night okay
