hey everyone okay um so I'm feeling off
of my phone right now because I just got
a movie on my phone like as a nap so I'm
really excited to start using it because
i'll definitely be able to like blog on
the go like on my phone and stuff and
sorry my hair is kind of a mess right
now it is 430 right now and i'm getting
ready to go to my little graduation
ceremony type of thing where i'm
graduating from 8th grade and a lot of
people are always always ask me why are
you 15 and still 9th grade does because
i took preschool for an extra year that
is why dunzo I've said it so many times
oh sorry the cameras are there um what
else to say I don't know I've no idea
what I'm gonna do my hair this is my
natural hair right now and it's still
wet but yeah sorry because you're the
fan in the background that's because
these are a really hot Riley right now
and it is so like hot and sticky and
humid in my roommates so gross so I'm
with that on also I couldn't want to
show you guys my cat Francis because
last time I made a video mention her I
didn't even put her in the video so I'm
gonna put her in today's video right now
so I'm going to go find her and taken
her okay bye hey Frances this is her
she's so cute i think i just woke her up
i'm not really sure which she is a
cutest clothes used thing in the world
so yeah this is her
she's about like one year old she's just
chillin right here oh she's so precious
she has like a little bow on her collar
so every time she like walks around
somewhere like jingles it's so cute so
yeah that's her
what you doin I honestly don't think she
knows her name because when I say
Francis she like doesn't even come to me
so I don't know okay yeah um enough of
the cat um just gonna turn it off now
okay bye hello yeah so um hope you guys
like Francis just come here want to be
in the video again she's here she's like
what the heck is that I was like letting
her plays my phone and she was like
you're so fuzzy this cat stalks me I'm
not even kidding like I was like eating
breakfast one day and she just like
comes up it was like at me cuz I love
fighting here she's so cute whoo she's
like a big fuzzy tail okay anyways um
what was I saying what was I talking
about I was talking about something I
know for sure um I forgot oh yeah so I
hope you guys like Francis that's a us
can say oh my god you're so cute austra
wants to do is cuddle it's so friggin
cute and she like meows it's so funny
i'm now at her too honey um yeah I don't
really have anything to update you guys
with I don't know she's so cute just
like stretching out okay anyways she's
total distraction get she's making her
way I don't know what kind of catchy is
no idea so um basically it for today's
video I guess I don't really know don't
scratch that she she like scratching
things it's kind of it's kind of a bad
thing but it's okay um yes so I'll see
you guys oh I will see you guys for
another video soon imma go play with my
cat and I'm sorry this video's are
really really short but yeah I want to
go play with my cat and i don't know if
i want to go blonde because a lot of
people say it show and a lot of people
say a shut-in and I like this hair color
but I hate filling in my eyebrows and
stuff like that so I didn't like forget
about that because i know i never ever
mentioned it after that one video and
i'm still thinking about it so i don't
know what i want to do but yeah so i
will see you guys for another video and
that's about it ok i said like by like
more than once in this video so I'm
sorry about that but yeah all right
right
