hey everyone okay so right now I am in
my dad's office so that's why I'm in a
different area right now um and I'm
explain it later right now but first I
just want to mention yes I know that
this video isn't back and white and that
is because I'm not wearing any makeup
whatsoever like I just wash my face and
my hair is a complete mess because it
just it just it's okay so I'm not
wanting to make up so you can't see my
acting yes yes very cute I know um and
also my eyebrows they're not filled in
look really light yes how are you make
up um so if you guys wondering why I'm
in my dad's office right now that is
because my video camera upstairs well
first of all it's upstairs so i'm too
lazy to go up and get it so I just cept
make a video on this thing and second of
all I think it's not a barrier and I'll
share and lastly my laptop for work yes
I actually have it right here with me
some my laptop here um it's broken um I
don't think I told my dad yet but it's
been sitting in his office for a couple
days so maybe he got the memo I don't
know but I'm going to tell him today um
if you guys are wondering how it broke I
mean obviously doesn't look broken but
when I turn it on it like goes to that
to that light blue screen if you guys I
don't know what I'm saying and then it
has that little apple icon and then it's
loading and then like five minutes later
it's doing the same thing and then it
just shuts off and it's also really loud
too I don't know if you can hear it but
it sounds like it's going to frickin
explode and so I'm just gonna turn off
now so I'm gonna tell my dad maybe we'll
be able to go and get fixed but I don't
know but for now my
laptop is broken so that's how I edited
my last video on my main channel it's by
using my dad's computer because he has
like a apple desktop computer so i mean
i can add on here it's really not that
big of a deal but now that i do not have
a I don't like have a using computer in
my room I'm not on the internet as much
which is like kind of a good thing
because I'm like obsessed with my
computer so it's kind of good thing not
being you know I'm not in front of the
computer all day so yeah that is why I'm
down here because my apt rather than
work and such a film off here so I my
hair is just so nasty and also if you
see this drawings okay so basically
today it's like kind of the last day
school no it's not actually I saw a
couple more days but it was like the
rest of the days are kind of like blow
off days you know dancing and today we
like I'm assembly and then after like
the last couple periods of our day
school day the whole school got outside
we got our yearbooks and we just said
your book signing and a lot of people
were drawing on me which stinks because
I have my little graduation like dancing
tomorrow which I'll explain there so
look at this honey do you see that yeah
as I was walking around like you know
signing your books and stuff bunch of
guys kept a freaking making dots on the
back of my neck because my hair was like
in a braid like this so yeah that kind
of stinks because i don't know i think
half of those dots like i haven't
everywhere I had them on my hands and
stuff um but that that's like some of
these dots are from sharpie like how am
I going to get that off because tomorrow
i have like because like I'm in eighth
grade and obviously I'm graduating from
8th grade if you guys wondering why I'm
15 m and
green is because I went to preschool for
an extra year so that's why I'm one year
behind so just putting that out there
because I know you guys are going to ask
me um so yes I have my little eighth
grade like graduation type of thing
dance tomorrow and i think i'll make a
video like it outfit of the day of my
dress my makeup my shoes and all that
stuff in pictures and it's gonna be
really cute video hopefully so i'm going
to put that up on my main channel
probably but i have that tomorrow and I
have to scrub off all this markers and
drawings and stuff like that so I'm
really excited for that I don't know
what I'm gonna do with my hair I think
I'm just gonna curl it I'm not really
sure because I we said my hair straight
so I fakira my mind my moms like right
up there um what else oh my god I didn't
tell you guys I got a cat I got a kitty
um so basically what happened is um my
older brother marcin he's like on tour
right now and his girlfriend is like
moving and she is cat and he had cat and
basically since he's gone like we get to
take care of his cat now so it's
basically like our cat now but um she's
only one year old so she's still kind of
like a kitten she's the most precious
thing in the whole world oh god she's so
cute she's like this little like she
says she's probably like hiding right
now cuz she's so freaked out cuz we
haven't even had it for a week yet so
well she's just not really that scared
anymore but I don't know where she has
done really feel getting her but she is
like this little like little fluffball
and she's so cute oh my god her name is
Francis and um she's like one year old
or something and she has like spots on
her and her tails like long and fluffy
and she is so cute like I said never be
a cat person but like that cat they
turned me into a cat person and oh my
god she's like some cute so now like
when people asked like oh do have a pet
instead of saying i have like fish there
hath life i also the cat so it's kind of
exciting I think I took a couple videos
on my phone so I'm going to try to add
them in right now and if I don't them I
just won't admit I them into another
video
um yeah but so if you just did if I did
add in the clips at my camp then you saw
my cat she's like you um I'm she's just
like the cutest thing ever like she's
just like she doesn't like she's not
crazy or anything she just like she just
wants to call with you like so cute so
that's kind of exciting and this past
weekend I went to wegmans lake house so
that was fun I don't know why I just
mentioned that but you know this is a
blog so whatever go ahead say um what
else just chillin here my dad together
going through emails and Facebook and
YouTube stuff like that basically oily
right now deciding kind of stinks um
it's basically it for today's vlog
nothing really special I keep looking at
this looks like it's supposed to say CL
but i think it was supposed to be a pee
when he drew it because i don't know um
it's proud it um I think I'm gonna go
now because um I basically said
everything that I want to say so um yeah
I will see you guys for another vlog
soon um let's fight it step see you guys
later bye
