hey guys um so today just I don't know
if I like making a video yeah it is 951
p.m. right now and it's a friday night
and spring break officially started
yesterday and yesterday was Thursday
yesterday was our last day swim in an
empty school today so just starts to rig
so I'm super excited and yeah I'm sick I
mean I I don't know why but I feel like
every single time I like record a video
my voice like and then I might like in
person right now my voice is so like
deep and like really like wow and then i
read i watch like I watched the video
like I playback it and it's like it
doesn't sound any different at all like
for example my hall but you guys are
gonna see tomorrow it doesn't sound like
I'm sick at all and I was like what
which is good thing you know um so
basically today I just hung out with
Adriana because me and John are the only
ones that are still at home everyone
else is gone off to Florida or Paris
Kate what's Paris like oh my god so I'm
just chilling here and um recorded video
today and it is a hall from forever 21
I'm so excited and that videos can be
uploaded tomorrow morning I'll try to do
it somewhere in the morning early in the
day and yeah also I don't know why but
in tomorrow's video you guys will see
that my hair looks like my old hair that
video I think it was the lighting but my
hair looks like really really liked that
video and people are gonna be like you
totally record this before you done your
cuz I don't even know why but it looks
really like brown and then here it looks
like dark brown so my hair's just has a
mind of its own let's just say um yeah
so each I was here for a little then she
had to go cuz
she had her confirmation today and
basically I've just been laying in bed
trying to fall asleep I watched the
finale of jersey shore which was so sad
because I love that show but it was good
um just got myself a water I've been
drinking a lot of water and yeah I also
watched eat pray love today which is
this good movie and that's it it's
basically all i did today yesterday like
my voice was the other day was kind of
like getting like gone and today i just
feel like total crap it's so bad so i
just took some medicine hopefully that
will work and oh if you guys are
wondering if i'm going anywhere for
spring break i'm not but tuesday
wednesday and thursday i am going to
like a resort with a water park with
adriana and they're gonna have like
go-karting there and like a water park
and mini golf and stuff like that so
that's gonna be really fun and um we're
gonna drag their just chill there which
is gonna be fun and yes basically it um
I don't really have anything else to say
I don't know stay tuned for tomorrow's
video it's gonna be really good and I
don't know why but my camera did not
focus and all through that video every
time I put something up to the camera it
didn't focus I don't know why I don't
know i think i was like messing with the
settings and stuff so yeah I would do
that
yeah so also in my video tomorrow you
might notice that my table is gone sorry
there's some garbage bag right there at
the moment but my table is gone because
I wanted to take it out I wasn't really
using it I felt like it was just like a
waste of space and I was like and I'll
just take it out you know put in my
brothers room so that's what I did and
um hmm a la tigra a lot of you guys are
also asking me Claudia I thought you
were gonna get the jeweler mr for your
birthday oh my god this is spilling ok
um did you get it Katie the room tour
now please and no I did get that Julie
airmar like obvious I mean obviously my
birthday present was the trip to Florida
so um mmm i did not get the Julia Mars
so I'm not doing my room tour just yet
um but definitely i'm gonna start saving
up for the joy Larimar because I just
spent a lot of my money on clothes and
that was like I was like done like my
dad's like no more you're going crazy
you know ok so I'm gonna save up for the
Jew lamar and yeah I want to get my
permit I want to start driving school I
think that'd be cool so crazy though I
can't even like picture me driving at
all I don't know you guys feature me
driving like I honestly feel like when i
get my license I'm gonna be pulled over
like every five minutes cuz they're not
gonna think that I'm 16 like Rebecca
they're gonna think I'm like an
underaged driver I'm not even kidding um
what else should I say this is awkward
right now yeah I'm like so sick the
stinks cuz I'm I never get sick and I
think I got sick because of my brother
Kevin because he's been sick for like
two weeks or a week or something and I'm
getting like the same things that he's
getting which is like a runny nose
like oh your voice is lost and like
headaches and stuff so I think he got me
sick and which really sucks because I
never get sick like ever and I hate it I
really do yeah I constantly have to blow
my nose switch next yeah does I don't
even know if I'm gonna do anything
tomorrow either oh my gosh yeah okay I
think I'm gonna go just because I feel
like I haven't made a video on this
channel Wow so what the heck this video
was completely pointless and I'm sorry
if this totally was a waste of seven
minutes of your life so I'm sorry about
that but you know maybe there's people
out there that wonder you know or just
you know interested in my videos of
completely just nothing interesting at
all at all so thumbs up if you actually
mean this video and also follow me on
twitter which is twitter.com / Claudia's
life because I never ever ever mentioned
my Twitter and like none of you guys
even know that I haven't told her so
yeah follow me on Twitter and that's
where I can you know keep you updated my
blog oh my god I completely forgot I
made a facebook fan page oh my god ok so
now it's coming to me ok so i made a
facebook um like fan page or whatever
it's called the official fan pig I can't
even talk right now and it's just beyond
beauty start thinking no guessing yeah i
don't know all i did was just mentioned
it on twitter like a couple days ago but
i will leave the link in the downbar to
my Twitter and my official Facebook and
I don't really like I don't know so yeah
I'm gonna be using facebook a lot more
and yeah I think I'm gonna go to sleep
because I'm super tired and now it's
eight minutes and I'm gonna go now all
right I'll talk to you guys later
hopefully for another video
that's basically it right bye
