hey everyone ok so today I'm just going
to walk a little bit just because I feel
like I haven't like talked to you guys
like just chitchat and vlogging in a
really long time just because you know i
uploaded all those Florida vlogs and I
haven't been really making that many
videos on my main channel I've just kind
of been doing them once a week every
like saturday or sunday and I'm just
kind of like on a strict like schedule
right now so I'm sorry about that but
I'm just gonna talk with you guys today
I don't know I don't know what I was
going to come to my head is just gonna
come to my head so yeah today I upload a
video on my main channel and it is a
review on this awesome like self tanner
so you guys can check that out that's
all I mean channel also ok this thing I
meant to be I meant to like tell you
girls and guys a long long time ago but
you know because i was uploading all of
those why don't i keep talking with my
hands i don't know i think it's just
because i love the car my nails that I'm
just kind of like no okay and by the way
this is refreshment or yeah I think so
by um trem glaze and i love it so
anyways I've been meaning to tell you
guys for a long long time but ever since
the Justin Bieber never say never movie
came out the minute I saw that movie I
have been obsessed was justin bieber i
have bieber fever and I'm not going to
deny it whatsoever I listened to his
music every single day now there was
just one point for like three weeks
straight or like two weeks I would
listen to Justin Bieber all day every
day all day every day and like it would
legit you like I wake up listen to
Justin we were get ready as I'm walking
to school because I walked to school and
like home from school every day as I
walk to school and from school I was
like Justin Bieber and when it's chillin
in my room doing my homework math
homework I suggest we were it was like
it was like every single day all day
every day Justin Bieber and it got to a
point where I
I'm really really obsessed that um I
actually edit a photo of me and him
that's kind of sad yeah i'm going to
show you guys it like right now
so yeah I mean I don't know if you ask
me I think we look pretty cute together
but now it was just like one of those
like face and whole things so yeah I've
just been obsessed justin bieber's so
thumbs up if you have bieber fever as
well and so if you don't because i'm not
going to say don't thumbs up thumbs up I
don't know whatever just kind of below
to you a few of you or two because i
know that i do and God that kid is the
gorgeous like before force all the movie
I'll she's kind of like and you know
he's he's cute you know um he has good
voice and stuff like that I wasn't like
I wasn't like really to unto Him and to
into him or anything like that and now
i'm just like obsessed so yeah that's
like when my life goals is to meet him
marry him yeah okay list right there um
yeah so i just wanted to say that really
bad because some was like I like
mentioned Justin Bieber to sell my
videos or like I put one of his songs
and one of them you girls were like oh
my god Justin Bieber I don't like I know
um what else oh yeah so today I was
going to go out and see beastly with my
best friends but my mom's not letting me
go anywhere so that's why I'm making
this video and also a lot of you girls
asked me what my makeup is today I'm
actually took off my mascara because I
was like it was like I don't know I was
taking off so I'm not wearing any
mascara right now but I'm a lot of you
want to know what I was wearing in
today's video like on my main channel so
I just had my hair straight this is my
natural hair and straighten or anything
a black headbands and then all I did was
just like put a little bit of foundation
like on my you know dark circles insa
and the only thing I did to my eyes were
well I mean they obviously smudged a
little but i just created a little
little teeny cat eye and no eyeliner on
the bottom and then I like packed on a
lot of mascara so that's all that I was
wearing i was wearing any eyeshadow or
anything so because a lot of you guys
asked me to do like a makeup tutorial
for that look and all i did was just a
really small cat eye and a lot a lot of
mascara
but like I said I'm not wearing any
right now so it would have made like a
really big difference but yeah if you
guys know me a person you would know
that like I don't think we're eyeliner
on the bottom I don't know why like I
have been some of my videos to put on a
regular day basis I just like don't like
wearing black eyeliner on like on my
lower lash line or like my waterline I
don't know why I just I don't think I
look good with black eyeliner like I
mean I just I don't know I think I look
better if I just like keep it whatever
you know so i don't know i don't i don't
know i'm making no sense right now um
since I can't go out and I'm just kind
of tread to my room it's only
eight-thirty i think i'm going to start
my homework let's do monday which it's
pretty good because I'm usually a huge
huge huge procrastinator when it comes
to I'm going to study for how that's
going to do okay I'm thirsty because hmm
oh here's the question that I have for
you guys what is like your everyday like
earring I don't know I always find
myself wearing blue pearls like little
baby pearls I mean I just been like like
usually I don't know I wear like I like
that one little pack of like forever 21
earrings that I got I've been wearing a
lot of those lately like the bones and
stuff like that but recently I just
become in love with like the little
pearls and I don't know i think it's
like I love it it's just it's so cute I
don't know I love pearls so you can see
it like right there yes oh and also for
my makeup I forgot if you guys want to
know what eyeliner wearing died I didn't
mention anything I'm wearing the wet and
wild eyeliner that I one time showed and
this stuff I swear by its really awesome
I mean there's probably like butter
eyeliners out there I don't know but
this is like the best i've ever used so
far so i'm really loving this stuff
I have no idea what to do now why do I
think I might like watch movie on
Netflix it's around do oh and study oh I
have another thing to tell you guys ok
so I went to yoga less Tuesday less you
say yes and it was like that like hot
yoga we're basically like you get into
the room ok you're in the room you lay
out your yoga mat and your towel and you
are and if they bump up the rose to like
a hundred degrees and i'm getting and
they make you like do like this hardcore
yoga and I haven't sweat that much in my
entire life it's like you're legit like
look like you're coming out of the
shower anyway they felt so good that
like it was like like have you guys have
done that like that like one it's not
like they're really calming like
relaxing yoga which I mean it is
relaxing but it's like you're also like
working your muscles it's almost all
right there I don't have money muscles
but I was like sweating so much and
helped me realize how unfit I am and how
out of shape I am because during the
winter I practically do nothing I sit
home on youtube on the computer watching
movies and eating chips and junk food
and it's so bad and once it's going to
start getting warmer outside i'm going
to start you know running outside
hopefully with my friends like we did
last year and you know working out a lot
more because I've gained a lot of weight
like in my thighs I hate it I don't know
um yeah so yoga was like really really
awesome okay this is an eight-minute
video and I don't want to bore you guys
too long so I'm just going to kind of
keep this short and quick i'm going to
edit this like I'm not even gonna put it
into a video I'm just going to kind of
put it on YouTube think so yeah cuz
otherwise fudge if I actually put into a
video and then not if it's gonna end up
doing like baking like 20 minutes or
something and I mean 20 minutes longer
what am i I'm not making any sense yeah
I'm just not gonna cut that out that was
so that was weird I don't know okay I'm
gonna go before I like go crazy because
I'm like
support on my mind right now like I
don't know this video was like so
unplanned and okay all right I'll talk
to you guys later bye
