it's our last day here and we are
starting to pack up over here
which is so sad I'm kind of done packing
that really I don't know and I'm also
exporting video oh it's done okay direct
export yesterday's video I'm sorry um
yesterday's video I was like really
boring we didn't put that much I didn't
like film a lot in that video because
there's really nothing to film like I
don't know we're just hanging all day
I'm so burned it hurts okay so yeah I'm
until something setting happens I'll see
you guys later what a chunky little palm
trees i look at that i don't know i had
to show it okay the cool thing about
this Beach is it has little workout
thingies so I'm going to try to do one
of them for you guys okay
this one looks fun all right with arms
supporting body hand walk across panel
bars okay hold this
this is gonna be
Oh
whoa
I was really tiring
we're going to the pool that's our hotel
right there pakhi amar or bhaktamar I
don't know how to pronounce it but I
love this retail this is cool he just
that me and now we're going to the pool
hot stuff right there
the pool
I don't sit this is awkward by hey guys
so I'm just here sitting in front of the
computer in the lobby and just FYI I had
no like internet at all these past four
days which is like crazy and these
computers in the lobby look there don't
that's our cool just kidding good okay
and you like wouldn't let me sign in to
Twitter and things it was basically
pointless and I couldn't look at my
email or anything so I was practically
dying without ever that it's so sad so
it is check the time it's for 51 and
our plane is at seven o'clock so
whatever the airport at like five
o'clock so we've just been waiting here
in the lobby and that's what I'm doing
here I'm just waiting installing and
we're gonna like take a cab to the
airport and I mean so sad I put this
over I got so fun don't like you can't
all right now but I'm burning and it's
so hard to like put my tank top on oh my
god it's so good but I mean I'm happy so
yeah yeah hey guys okay so this actually
isn't like day for even though I'm
putting it in the day for video this is
actually wednesday which is like the day
after i came back but i'm just going to
put in this video just because it's
going to make things so much more easier
and go ahead tell me how much like how
orange I look at I know I'm like really
dark and i'm actually really burnt like
right here it kills and my back kills
and i look out look really orange in
this camera right now i have to unpack
which is like the worst thing in the
world i hate i love packing but I just
hate unpacking so much so my room was
like completely clean when I came in and
now it's like I gotta I gotta work out
this situation right here because yeah I
would have to take care of that and then
do my bed so um nothing really but I
hope you guys enjoyed these past few
vlogs in Florida fort lauderdale florida
that me and my mom did I thought it was
really fun i just got to you know like
take my camera around over sometimes it
was so awkward like people would just
look at me and my mom would be like just
ignore them just northern but I'm like
but um yeah I hope you guys enjoyed this
tell me if you guys want me to do this
more often when I go on vacation cuz I
may be going somewhere for spring break
so I mean I don't know yet but
said oh I have to say I don't know let
me so chance because my hands getting
tired um yeah that's basically i owned
if you guys are wondering oh my god
Claudia did you wear any sunscreen
because you're so dark and yes I did
wear sunscreen on my face I wore SPF 30
and we can tell i have like some some
spots in my forehead and my yeah I
burned a lot okay sleeping wasn't very
pleasant my back hurts I'm definitely
going to get a higher SPF next time and
on my body I used SPF 15 okay now hold
on before you say anything I realized
that 15 is very low but you guys should
be proud of me because me my mom almost
bought at SPF eight and then was like
even a four so I mean I don't know come
on give me some credit I used SPF 15 ok
so i mean at least i didn't use a tour
for that's crazy at least i use 30 on my
face so i know i realized that i have to
be more responsible when i sit out and
tan the entire day but I mean lesson
learned lesson learned ok so yeah that's
basically I hope you guys enjoyed
today's I'm not today's but like the
whole week's videos so yeah and I'm
sorry couldn't upload them that day it's
just I had no internet and stuff like
that yada yada yada I'm carrying lost
too much so yeah i'll talk to you guys
later bye
