hey guys okay so this is day number
three and yesterday my mom signed us up
for this like glass-bottom boat tour and
like snorkeling so we're gonna be doing
that now it's like it's like 853 right
now and we gonna we're gonna have to
like meet up at the place at 9:30 and
it's gonna take two hours and yeah we're
just gonna be on like a glass-bottom
boat which is like on the bottom is like
glass so you can see underwater and then
sorry and then I'm gonna be circling
which is really cool so we're gonna try
to videotape some of it I don't know how
it's gonna work out because we've never
done this before so um we'll try to get
some footage on there if we can I don't
know we'll see but we gotta go now so
see ya bad news we got a call from the
hotel and they said that the ocean water
is too rapid so we can't go on the boat
thing was cancelled but um there is like
a p.m. boat at like what time Oh like
215 so we might be able to go on that I
don't know it might still be rapid
waters or whatever they said it was but
um I'm bummed out so we're gonna go
shopping on like the strip mall and
we're just gonna like buy my brothers
and t-shirts or something I don't know
so yeah until then see you later hey
guys so we are just tanning like on the
pool beach or whatever but it's like
burning hot here some I go swim
and sorry that I'm not really recording
today just because we're kind of just
tanning and there's really nothing but
to talk about so I'm gonna go soon now
this does it burning hot it is
definitely not 80 degrees it's like a
hundred here hey guys so we're just on
the streets and it seriously is like
don't know what to do we went shopping
and got my dad's shirt why he's good
yeah and then I got a purse and it's
essential that I've always I've always
wanted like a brown satchel type thing
it looks like this there's leather and
then it flaps open and then it's like
it's cool it's all good it's really long
so I can like put it across my body like
that
oh yeah well no I already mentioned that
so we didn't get to go on that like boat
tour thingamajig
I already told her that and yeah I'm
sorry we didn't really plug too much
today because there was really nothing
cool that we did except go to meet them
yeah I mean it doesn't look like I am
but tomorrow I'm gonna be like tomato so
yeah we'll see you that I will cut
earlier
