hey guys okay so this is day two and
it's morning and rely mom it's like it's
like 8:30 exactly 30 and we're gonna go
out to the beach scene because the JED
we're gonna be tanning all freaking day
at the beach because we gotta get our
tan on so I'll show you like the outfit
of the day I guess I don't know it's
kind of dark so I'm just wearing my hair
horribly in a bun my glasses my white
you know crap top ever combi jeans and
whatever I'll show like this my flip
flops so it's all that I'm wearing and
then underneath I got my bathing suit
can't really see it it's like for about
a second
it's really awesome it six types and it
has like that question I'm gonna oh wait
we keep the one from everyone
let's read for this okay so they have
this little table here and this is like
the claudia table all my electronics
i've got my computer importing or like
exporting my video that of yesterday's
day because i added i'm gonna be editing
every night I've had charging I was just
charging my camera I've got all my stuff
here my tripod and then like stuff
looked in oh and this is our breakfast
because we bought we went out to eat and
it was like 50 bucks and we're like oh
my god okay so we decided to buy honey
nut cheerios bars so this is my
breakfast I'm gonna go eat my breakfast
now I'm craving on people it's
hey guys okay so we are on the beach now
and it is so freakin pretty here I can't
really see anything else
we're like China one of the first people
here there's not many people yet because
it's still morning
jellyfish also we're on the deck right
now and I got a hamburger and french
fries
it's so
hey guys so yeah me my mom are just
sitting here we've spent like the entire
day in the Sun
cool and now we just got like some food
and why my mom
chillin here because along the beach
there's like this white thing
it's where else around the whole beach
so we're just sitting here and the beach
is like thankful yeah stare at the TV
right when I got at Aaron kind of
alright see ya
no you can throw me so messy no your
half of the room is messy
mine is clean yes so we just got back
from like walking around on the beach
and stuff and shiny coat least that off
and she got like a huge blister on her
me or you'll not me okay sorry and we're
gonna go to the little bar place I'm
next to the pool area and we're gonna
get some smoothies like serious Alec and
my mom wanted to do an outfit of the day
look what are you wearing dress bite
velvet
well but Oh everybody asks about your
tattoo turn around what is it it's a
blue flower and then also I'm gonna show
you quickly what I got is a souvenir so
it's another crop top and this one says
Spring Break Fort Lauderdale on it and
it matches my being suit because my
bathing suit is kind of like neon II and
then I have black bottoms and I know
obviously this one is very very short so
I'm never really gonna wear this I'm not
gonna wear this when I'm like hanging
out with my friends or anything but nah
this is short but I just want anything
just like to eat yourself your steady
feet up my abs but um I mean this is
just kind of like one of those beach
shirts so if I go to the beach I can
wear this cuz it like masturbating suit
got it
yeah we're gonna go get some mango
madness which one do you think it's
gonna be left or right come on
juice well okay I'll go with the other
one then we'll see you is right yeah
that'll be 20 bucks 20 dollars okay
it's on its you owe me 20 bucks the
witness I get it kula this is my mango
madness
