good morning everybody today is kind of
a hectic day right now I'm heading over
to an audition but after that I have to
go pick up some stuff I have to film a
main Channel video edited pre uploaded
pact for Mexico because I'm heading to
Mexico tomorrow morning with revolt I
need to stop traveling like I'm very
aware of the fact that I travel way too
much but it's a work trip it's going to
be so much fun and I can barely call
work but technically the work trips worn
looseness is also joining me which is so
exciting but it goes throughout my voice
memo and practice these sides with
myself in the car because I have like a
30 minute drive ahead of me while I'm
doing that I'm going to play back
footage for you guys that I filmed last
week it's basically me putting together
the rest of my living room
Bard's what it looks like right now and
it's kind of almost done which is cool
oh my god you guys it has arrived
oh I love it I think adding in wood here
was such a good idea to help bring that
into this room right now I just matched
up the coffee table to the chandelier
and now I am taking the center of the
coffee table and figuring out where to
permanently keep this because the
bookshelves that I've come aside I'm
going to actually have to screw into the
wall so I want to make sure that I get
this right I just lined up with that
marking is and now I'm going to measure
the top of this and find out where the
center point is because these cabinets
are throwing me off they're not like
right down the middle I was honestly so
close but when you match up this way you
can see it's a little off so we're going
to move it that way a little bit lovely
perfect I just plugged it in and took
care of all the cords in there and they
all go through a hole in the back I'm
just going to like let that do its thing
for a little that is my Wi-Fi yep
currently have keeping up with the
kardashians on I've built the first
bookshelf and I think it looks so good
the last two steps I have to do are
nailing them into the wall in six places
and then adding in the glass shelves but
I first want to build the second one so
that I can measure out like how far I
want them from the TV slide I think it's
looking good yeah
cellphones double kill
okay I feel like I haven't been showing
my face at all but it's okay you don't
need to see that but I just finished
with the first bookshelf guys I am like
full-blown Bob the Builder right now you
guys saw me screw on these things but
then I could go in with like these
little dry walls secure screws with the
actual ones and then you have to screw
in the shelves and it's taking forever
but we got the first one down I threw a
few things on there just to see what's
going to look like I think I'm going to
keep that vase there I kind of I kind of
like it I think it's kind of nice and
then yeah I have not started this guy's
so I'm going to do a quick montage of me
doing this
let's go animal just got back from the
audition went amazing
I'm on like the rooftop of a parking
garage and I wanted to do the stairs up
to get some exercise in I'm going to
quickly head back to my old house to
pick up some mail I forgot my keys so
hoping that someone's going to be home
we'll see such a bloody story okay so
pulling into this parking garage there
was like a guy walking in front of me
and then there was a car accident that
was listening to bad liar by Selena
Gomez and you know how you have to like
take the parking ticket so you gotta
obviously roll down your window the
second I roll down my window to keep in
mind I blast my music this second I
rolled on my window it's the part where
Selena
like literally orgasms in the song and
the guy right rather be like turn around
give me the weirdest look ever the guy
in the car it was so funny two minutes
before that some like hot 20 year old
dude caught me singing in my car and we
made eye contact and he starts laughing
so I start laughing and then I continue
singing and he's still laughing I was
like are you home no I'm breathing I
think you right now god yeah
okay come you're still here amazing I'll
be there in 30 minutes to pick it up
okay sounds good we'll see you then okay
so I just not buy the house I don't know
my key on me so as you guys heard I was
trying to see if anyone's home I texted
Olivia and Maddie and I don't think they
are and the reason why I need to stop by
at home was to pick up a very very
important piece of mail that was coming
to that address and then I needed
no one was picking up and I opened the
little door for the little like slider
mailbox which is pretty hard
- anyways the envelope on the top of
that stack was the one that I was
waiting for and so I just reached my
hand and there grabbed it we're hauling
right now I'm going to quickly head over
to levy - which is a furniture store out
here and pick up a mirror for my place
we got our baby hello you guys take it
away I'm good how are you doing
I've kind of just been sitting on my
phone because the commute season - first
episode just went live today and it's so
exciting
so I've been like taking over Austin
Stevie's Instagram story and then
posting on my stuff and then Cindy goes
with Trude I had a little phone
interview but it's so exciting I mean
how - linked in the downbar I'm so proud
of every single one of these episodes
and I'm so excited for them to roll out
it's gonna be every Tuesday every
Thursday on awesomeness TV
there's 12 episodes so you've got
something to watch the next six weeks
all right here is our bad boy it's just
a tall standing mirror from CB - that
just stands on its own little car I feel
like for the most part I'm going to
leave it in this corner because I
decided I'm not going to do two mirrors
right here and I'm just going to do
something on the wall and so this will
kind of help bounce in a little bit of
light also there's nothing really else I
could have put in that corner the main
reason I got that mirror is honestly for
instagrams and I'm probably going to
move it here for all my Instagram photos
because it looks really pretty with like
the plant next to it and the lighting is
just awesome but yeah I think when I'm
not using it I'm just going to like
leave it there right now I'm cooking up
some salmon and a little veggie mixture
we've got some cauliflower rice
broccolini and mushrooms
just set up my shot that's it literally
going to fill my video and my love side
because it's so comfortable who knows
maybe I'll make this a thing
like maybe I'm just going to do all my q
and a's on love sack or like all my
talking videos yes yeah yeah yeah why am
i happy I'm happy because not only did I
finish filming I also finished editing
my main Channel video it's super cute
one of the bigger questions that I
answer is what is my dream boyfriend and
I go it's pretty specific detail of what
I look for today
so I'm titling it my dream boyfriend
which is an absurd but I think what is a
certain is when it makes us thumbnail
but honestly like it's just really cute
I think this is this falls right on that
line of like obviously this is the photo
from the commuter hahaha yeah I just
like took a photo from behind the scenes
and then discovered seven stays because
these matters that or me just being like
you know and like that's already all of
my thumbnails so I've pretty much got
most of my work away at attack it's 2:00
a.m. everything you have seen leading up
to this moment I just edited on my
computer and I am finalizing my packing
some bring this big suitcase as well as
this little one because I don't know
what to bring not even bothering showing
you guys what I look like because
literally I am nude
