hey everyone okay so I'm kind of coming
to you guys on a really really short
notice but I'm really really exciting
news to tell you all and basically I'm
going to Florida today in about like an
hour I think really makes the airport
until like an hour or something I was
today is Saturday morning and we're
leaving for Florida
Fort Lauderdale and if you guys
wondering like what what the heck you've
never mentioned anything why are you
going on just a random weekend because
I'm going from Saturday to Tuesday night
and it's basically me my mom are just
gonna stay a little bit in Florida just
to chill relax on the beach and stuff
and you know get nice tans and stuff and
that was basically my 15th birthday
present so yeah that was my birthday
present that I'm going to Florida
because the body count
girls and guys are asking like what did
I get for my birthday so I got a trip to
Florida I was just so amazing I'm so
thankful for that so thank you so much
daddy Ron for setting that up it was
like completely
eyela ordinary and I never thought that
would ever happen so I'm super super
excited
Friday's really mention it like any
earlier because I'm not really gonna do
any meetups in Florida just because I'm
not really going there to go on a
shopping spree and shop and go to malls
and have me enough maven if I were just
kind of going there to like soak up some
Sun and just like tan we're basically
just gonna be on the beach like every
single day all day so that's why I'm not
really gonna do any meetups but yes so
basically we're going to the airport
soon so I wanted to tell you girls I'm
gonna take my camera along with me so
you guys are practically going to be in
Florida with me so I'm super excited
sorry now I'm just gonna show you what I
packed inside my suitcase because maybe
some of you want to know like what's in
it so this is a I thought I showed it to
you guys before I don't know it's just
like blue and has zippers and it looks
like that so I'm quickly just going to
show you guys a little bit I'm not fully
done packing I stuff to do a lot of
little other stuff so I don't keep
anything in these too and here I just
have like socks and like underwear and
stuff like that in there and then at the
top first you see these two bags right
here I'm going to keep all my
electronics and charters but they're
charging right now
I'm gonna fill that up like before we
leave Ben in here I just have like
toothbrush deodorant chapstick and like
what's it called like an eyebrow kit
that's like I'm bringing and then some
headbands earrings like a bracelet bobby
pins and hair ties in there then I have
a towel and this is like a really thin
one because this is the only one that
could like fit in my bag then I have
this really like be a beach bag and then
here is my clothes I kind of looks messy
but I don't know whatever um so I've
tank tops I like the crop tops that you
guys saw on my haul and then like a
hoodie so I have a bunch of just like
crop tops and tank tops and then I have
my pajamas a bunch of like shorts and
then down there I have some yoga pants
when it's colder at nighttime so I'm
like the Traci got yoga pants hairbrush
my scarf it's all rolled up like that
and then I brought like four pairs of
shoes so I have these white flip-flops
then I brought these Brown sandals from
forever 21 these grey low-cut converse
that I absolutely adore
and then lastly these black sandals
which are also really cute they have
cute detailing on them and then in this
little pocket right here I just have all
my bathing suits and yeah that's
basically it so I'm not really bringing
that much
hey guys so we just got to the hotel and
we're about to go into the hotel room
and it's like 7 o'clock right now I
don't know but um we had like some
traffic at the taxi and then the plane
left like you can move the plane left
like like 40 minutes late or something
so now we're gonna see our room what's
my mom we're inside I open it
good job oh there's like a little baby
balcony why is it all blurry so this is
our awesome view and over here at our
lap is the beach and you can't really
like to see it or anything all in it
there's the pool and then like this like
this little walkway thingy that goes
across the street and then the beach is
right there I'm so excited
alright so my mom and I are about to go
out for dinner right now we're probably
just gonna like get a salad I don't know
but I'll bring my video camera but I
just switched out from my sweat suit
into more Florida clothing so basically
I'm wearing these white shorts I know
they're really short but um they're
white and they're from ever comedy and
then pink Oster hoodie you guys have
seen this a lot tank top underneath and
then I'm wearing grey converse so
all right you know
so pretty here
so we're at this like really awesome
outdoor mall
here
I love it here they have like sky
like live scraping
I'll show you
so pretty
this repair guy
