hey everyone okay so I feel like I
haven't done a vlog in a really long
time so I'm going to do one right now
and I just recorded a video and it's
kind of like a hall review slash
tutorial type of thing I don't know but
it's probably not gonna be up yet I
think I'm gonna be uploading this one
sooner probably tonight or something I
don't know but um I just scored a video
which is why you will see me wearing the
same exact things unless something
happens I have to rerecord it I don't
know um but basically I just got home
from school and I just recorded and I
haven't eaten lunch yet so I'm like
starving but um I decided that I'm gonna
film first just that I'm good lighting
because I like the lighting right now
and yeah that's about it
all right okay so um a lot of you girls
knew that or guys - girls guys whatever
you guys knew that I had a lux count Lu
youyou XCOM looks yeah I don't know I
had a Lux account and basically that's
where you just kind of make like little
posts and reviews and stuff and I had a
Lux account but then all of sudden they
made this rule where you have to be
fifteen years old to use the website so
they like disabled my account for a
couple months and a lot of you guys were
like okay I Regina click on it it says
that your account is like blocked or
something like that so I thought I had
to like wait until I turned 15 and stuff
and I wrote my actual birthday in when I
did my little account thing and for some
reason I got my compact they they're
like oh happy birthday
you know we open your account again even
though I'm not even 15 yet which doesn't
make any sense whatever but I got my
luck out back just because you know like
age issues and stuff like that so yeah
it wasn't blocked it's not that I
removed it or anything like that but I'm
going to be back to blogging on there
as well as of course my blog which I'm
in love it
other than that yes I have a link to my
love stew countdown there see girls can
you don't follow me on there and comment
right it's really cool if you guys don't
know it looks is it's like basically
where you just post reviews and stuff
and you like earn online points every
time you comment and like posts and
stuff like that and you earn points and
then once you get enough you can like
actually buy stuff with those points
which i think is really awesome I was
even thinking that if I get enough
points I can like a buy like you can get
like a Sigma brushes on there I can like
buy Sigma brushes and then give them to
you girls as like a giveaway or
something which I think would be cool so
that's why I want to show you guys to
that but I only have like a thousand
points so I don't know that's gonna be
in a long time
but I'll have the link down there and
then what else was I gonna say oh so I
had no school Wednesday or Thursday and
she's Friday so today totally felt like
a Monday which was awesome but as a
Friday and I just came home to edit and
record and stuff like that but I think
later tonight I'm gonna meet up with my
friends and we're gonna party no we're
just gonna hang out anything else I feel
like I haven't talked to girls since so
long I don't know why also next week
this is really random but I I'm doing
this like writing class and next week is
going to be very bad because you have to
type like a 10 page essay and so every
day we're going to take like a new page
or sinks because I really don't want you
typing essays if you guys don't essays
that are there just like papers like up
writing like you know like for writing
class you like great stuff I don't know
how to explain an essay
okay yeah so I don't really know what to
talk about if you guys let's see that
little piano right there you might be at
wondering no it's not going to
permanently be in my room because
obviously it's completely random I was
just fooling around on the piano because
I don't know and so I just put in my
room but I'm gonna take it out soon oh
my god do you guys wanna hear me play
the piano okay so I've been teaching
myself how to play a thousand miles on
the piano and how do I show you that
it's just a little bit
Oh
yes so that's that I'm gonna play but
yeah so have you guys like that I don't
know if you guys knew but yeah I like to
play the piano I used to play it and
then I quit
and then I regretted it so now I teach
myself but that's it for today's video I
hope you guys enjoyed it and I'll talk
to you guys later of course bye
