hey everyone okay so first off yes I
know I look great um that's because you
know no makeup on I'm in my pajamas just
brush my teeth and I'm about to go to
bed but I decided why not make a video
because I haven't I feel like I've made
a video this channel for a while so I
just want to talk to you guys and
mention a couple things that are going
on right now so the first thing that you
guys probably have noticed is on my main
channel I've kind of changed like the
entire theme including like intro and
background and stuff and the theme the
new thing to the channel is like thick
light pink and dark pink stripes and it
reminds me a lot of love the Victoria
Secrets types from the store but
actually the Victoria Secrets hurts I
think our horizontal well that's at
least what they are like on the bags
basically i kinda like bass stuff
victoria secret because i love that
store so yeah the only thing is like
manner vertical so in my new video my
Valentines Day tutorial you guys got to
see my new intros for the first time and
I kind of changed that one up just a
little bit because I didn't like this
like one thing about that one but I kind
of changed it up and also i got a new
backgrounds like I put a new background
to match it and also i changed it made
my blog man to my blog is actually
the first thing that I changed and I
liked it so much that I want to make
that my theme because I feel like I've
had the same intro for like an entire
year or more than a year and I want to
change it so yeah first I just want to
tell you guys that I have two new intros
sorry i recorded this before but it was
like horrible lighting some doing this
again so I'm like trying to like list
the things I was talking about but
basically i created two new intros for
my new theme and the first one is like
my old one where it kind of just says my
name and then there's a
addition and then there's like a blank
picture and then whatever view that is I
like lists the title so always say like
my name and then I'll say like the main
topic of the video and that's what I
used for my latest videos so let me show
you guys that right now so yeah that's
that one but then also I created kind of
a shorter one where it's kind of like
three two one and then this is my name
and to that one I wouldn't really list
the title of that video because there's
nowhere to put it so it just kind of
sits my games that one's kind of a
shorter one and I guess I'll just switch
around and just kind of like change
things up a little so show you guys that
one right now so yeah that's how that
one looks I really like that one um I
guess I'll just use both I don't know
what are your guys opinions should I
useful or not I don't know but also
before like I was mentioning about my
blog I've been using it a lot more
lately because when i first had it sorry
but my computer down here so my face is
like trying ok so when i first made my
blog i did like what a post every other
month and i completely sucked at it I
didn't really like using at all and
lately i've been using it a lot more
I've been making posts more than once a
week so kind of more than my video
schedule I don't know um but I mean
blogs are like quick and easy and I like
doing them and let me first show you
guys my blog looks like that so
obviously it has like that same theme to
it um what else was I going to say oh
yeah so basically I just kind of started
fresh on it um I have like a post key um
of different posts that I'm going to be
doing like different styles because I
didn't know what I won't do it first and
I was like hey let me make like a key of
different things so the first one is
public diary and that can be
anything like about me what I did that
day things that are going on current
things are going on you know guys stuff
like just kind of like a public diary of
mine to you guys another thing that I'm
going to be doing is out for the day
which is where just like take a picture
of my outfit and list all things I'm
wearing and that's a lot easier than
making like a video and um I actually
already made one to try it out so let me
show you guys like kind of how they're
going to look so I'll take a picture and
i'll like label um when wearing stuff
here's another one the same outfit like
I guess we'll just be like that like
really simple but um I like it and then
also there is going to be photo blog
which is just like um I'll just like
upload a couple of recent pictures of me
my friends just like randomly hanging
out or something like that just that you
guys can be a little bit more primary
life also I'll have it to do list which
is like origin to do list maybe of that
day or things that I want to achieve or
want to experience or like new because I
want to make so kind of like a just a to
do to do list and the last thing is
shopping list and basically that's just
a list of things that maybe I currently
want to buy to the next couple months or
on a certain website just kind of like
you know what I want to get so like for
example I have like a shopping list in
my mind right now for things i want to
get during the summer and you know i can
make a blog post about and i already
made a post about it for scentsy stuff
and if you don't know what that is go to
my blog because i really want that stuff
and already made one for that and oh
yeah there's also youtuber later for us
to put down there but that's just like
up new videos or something like that so
yeah that's basically the two main
things that i want to say today was um
run a blog which will be down it will be
the first link in the pants and also I
just want to talk about um my name theme
stuff
no um a sec I've made video on this
channel for a while so that sounds kind
of like Oh make a video oh um my cousin
Nicole she went to like DC and um she
bought me a bracelet and I really like
it it's like white and on the sides it
like it's a call it braids and then it
says clots that's right so I thought
that look cute I don't know um okay so
what I was doing today guys no no stay
today um so obviously I went to school
and then usually mondays I'm like really
tired which I am right now if you can't
already tell so I just like go home
doing homework whatever Monday's is just
kind of like me time you know me days um
so just finished my math homework and
it's like ten o'clock right now I'm like
I'm usually not a procrastinator but
when it comes to homework I suck at
doing homework early and it's so bad I
like if do you guys have any tricks to
like doing homework earlier because I
can never ever um start my homework I I
just like hate homework I really do um
but you know you gotta do what you gotta
do um and then I spent maybe like an
hour I don't know working on the closet
because I always switch are my closet
because i have like I have like these
like rack things or like she'll things
um that you can take in and out and like
switch around and stuff and I always
like switched around just because I love
change and um yeah I think the way that
I have like my closet set up right now
is like working best for me because
usually I'll do like this awesome setup
that looks awesome but then it's like
when I spent like one week with that
setup it ends a thing really messy
because I hate putting the stuff back in
the spot so I'm kind of like working on
different ways to have my clothes like
set out so that like it's really easy to
put away and like take out so I don't
know I've been liking what i have so far
because I've had it for like a week and
it's perfectly clean let me actually
show you guys wanna
yes so I mean this closet isn't really
anything special the student would
change it just has you know like shirts
and you know I don't know this one isn't
that fun and then this is the one that I
mostly changed and obviously I do not
know what to put there I have no idea i
still have extra space i think i might
get more of those and put them in I
don't know but I like my jeans down
their skirts down there and then these
three shelves right here I have all my
hoodies because I'm like a huge
sweatshirts type of girl so I'd like my
hoodies there and like my civil
sweatshirts there and then I have like
all my t-shirts and like those like two
inch like shirts whatever they're called
you know shorts and random junk up there
and then I actually took all my
sweatpants because i also love like
sweatpants and I just kind of fold like
two pairs of pants on each anger and
this is ok I have to fix that because i
have like OCD now but this helps so much
more with like every day and stuff like
that so yeah um I'm like so tired that I
think I'm gonna die right now so I'm
gonna go and stop warn you guys because
this video was a fail but um yeah I'm
sorry for the parents I mean you guys
seen worse this isn't too bad but um I
don't know I always feel like vlogging
right before go to bed so that's why I'm
always like a my pajamas like I've worn
this shirt for because this is like my
pajama shirt why am I still talking I
don't know all right i'll see you guys
for another video on this channel around
my way one or blog post I don't know
check out my blog post down there take
it out and follow me on it and Twitter
too because a lot of you guys don't know
that our Twitter's yeah
okay bye
