hey everyone um so today we're just
doing a vlog obviously it's a Bob
Channel
yeah so this is Claudio yeah and what
that's like three Claudia's you guys
know through Claudia's know and I
promise that's it there's no more ideas
we are folding envelopes at my house
yeah so obviously we're in her house cuz
can see different background and I came
here like today in like two days ago
so like fold envelopes and invitations
and there was like a thousand two
hundred mm-hmm it's like a ball god
there's like boxes and boxes of like
envelopes and it just keeps on going
oh my hands are like tired we're having
like little races I was like her dad too
and we're like saying like who can like
put like envelopes I mean like these and
the envelopes like fabrication cialis
and then we like see who wins
I don't know boiling yeah she beat me
but I got a better like method
oh yeah cuz you ripped the envelope no I
gotta fix it like there's like a okay so
there's like a face detector on my thing
and there's like a square that just like
follows your face are we way I think it
does something I don't know maybe why's
ears orange rinds wait is yours oh here
is it orange now No
it's just your facial that's okay no oh
mine's like double I don't know all
right
Jersey Shore is on tonight amazing and
it's like 8:30 right now and we're gonna
see it like nine o'clock so that's
really awesome I love my favorite my
favorite character is Snooki all the way
I know she's so like cute little minds
JWoww just she's like normally funny
oh and by the way Claudia pants oh
really come it just go with it
thing what am I using oh okay hmm I
don't yet the bath and Bodyworks shape
gotta show them product itself
yeah looks like yeah it smells really
good it's like the original kind and
there's like it's like makes makes your
tan well if you guys are wondering um
how old she is cuz if I don't answer it
there's gonna be like a bunch of
colonies she's 15 years old and a
sophomore in high school okay
finish this what's your favorite color
um blue or green you can't choose one no
because there's like some shades of food
that I like and there's some shades of
green that it's okay I like purple give
it sport well I play tennis and you
track this summer our spring I remember
you said like the same as I fade in two
days ago okay so we were trying to
record this vlog like two days ago and
we were using like her computer and
stuff and like it was like 11 o'clock
when we did it and like right when we
finished we had to go home so I could
edited or anything I was like okay you
know what I'm just gonna bring my camera
again so we're doing again and
understand like the same so yeah yeah
I'm really sad that schools back but
then again I love school like because my
gosh we should show them my Christmas
dance which one to to member I was
trying to reason
yeah oh my god I really remember it was
like oh we had like this one thing we
did like scarves do you remember that
like how is that okay so I don't know if
you guys remember those like scarves
from like a little bit too it's like no
like justice like a stretchy yeah yeah
really fuzzy and so when you're little
there was like four buses a day yeah
this is about - yeah
so us for like as dares we would like
put the scarves over our heads and
you're like okay this one time we should
totally do this for videos of them you
ever okay so want to him in her basement
she has like this one closet area or she
just has like a bunch of like old
clothes and stuff oh my god fashion show
yeah a little fashion show and what we
did was he had like a bunch of clothes
in the closet and like we'd all go out
and do the run
a-and like right when you come back and
you have to quickly put on random
clothes and like the next res knows and
then we like recorded it and we watched
it in some honey there's like three of
us and like ravenson else we go you look
like you can do by going is it a fashion
show like you says whatever you want and
like sometimes we send out like a scarf
yeah because you're so like yeah like
I'm not towards gonna have like nothing
work yeah like what everything like I
wore like we were like the blanket yeah
I really try to be creative and like
yeah do different outfits and stuff and
like we try to make like a walk long
like jeans and stuff yeah we do each
other would be like walk longer more
time I was I miss that we should be I
know that was like America's Next Top
Model and whenever oh you might be like
that introduces like top much and
we would use on demand for the music
yeah and he like stop it was what do you
guys do for winter break I just kind of
like stayed home could've been in Hawaii
yeah I was supposed to go to I remember
when I told you guys that we're gonna go
to Hawaii and then like we didn't
because it was like too late yeah yeah I
mean in the video camera what kind of
like looks different but like she's at
Canada than me in person just like my
arms I face is really what is your most
like biggest Pepe's oh so good-looking
about people or anything um when friends
text when you're there with you like
24/7
yeah that's annoying and then eat
Rihanna I'm kidding
she doesn't take that much but ya know
like I won't say that once but whatever
there's one friends like all she does
like I constantly look here clicking on
her phone it's like so annoying but like
sometimes it's okay and then another one
you would she with her mouth open
yeah that's nice and then it's like
everyone's mm-hmm I also hate it when
like people are like really loud like
they're like screaming and then no
reason to like really clock your time
just like pace my cookies okay um so
basically what you said when people like
shake their legs at the lunch it's like
next Alicia you like I hang on YouTube
when like like videos have like ads
before them like some of the ads are
like a minute long you just have to wait
there and like I used to just reload the
page and it wouldn't do it but now when
you reload it it still goes mm-hmm I
realize that I like guys that to others
means some veggies I hate that that's
like the worst that's cuz look you want
to be yeah it's like yeah but there was
like this one like a Lincoln like this
Abraham Lincoln commercial and there's
like there's a girl and he's like
digging a hole yeah yeah yeah okay look
at this you should like to use this
stuff before you make up look at this
adorable little kit okay you have a pit
and there's literally dropping soldier
okay so here's like oh I want doughnuts
but okay but isn't eyeliner
okay so there's like a shortened shop
mm okay so there's like eyeliners and
then and that's right like there's like
I shadows let me display this I've been
doing this for a while here and then
that is like brushes and stuff and then
you opened this up and they splash and
bronzer Samir and then this is one more
thing I think they're like so cute like
I want to that when I go on vacation now
it's like if Chagas never uses it
that is it rent okay yeah yeah shoot
once Henry started no I'm gonna like put
this on computer no don't you know what
is it don't buy
