so this is our main little living room
area that no one really sits in and we
like to keep our Christmas tree right
here in front of that door thing so
basically I think them that the most
unique thing about our tree is that we
don't keep it on the ground we keep it
on this big like pot thing and also my
family is a huge like ornaments
collecting family so we have some pretty
unique ornaments and I'll show you guys
them today so I'm just going to zoom up
on a couple and talk about some of them
so this one is one of our biggest and
it's Noah's Ark here's our awesome fish
that we got in i think Florida a couple
years ago we've got a froggy a pineapple
yeah these can get really really random
a strawberry and this one is actually
from Juicy Couture this one is another
juicy one we have a couple of them
because we got like a package thing and
it says don't flake where'd you see so
that is our silver like spike ball one
and we've had that one for so long and
it's definitely one of our favorites
you've got this post card that says new
home I'm guessing we got this one we
moved but yeah I think this one's really
cute we have a cactus a Starbucks cup
a turkey on this like American flag
heart a catfish get it because it's a
cat and it looks like a fish the little
mermaid and also this really pretty
flower that we have so now I'm going to
show a bunch of other ornaments but I'm
not going to talk about them so I'm just
going to add in some music
Oh
you
you
you
