hey everyone so today I'm doing a vlog
obviously why do we always say that I
always say I'm making a vlog and then it
ends up being a blog hold on a second
all right sorry about that okay so I
have a lot of things to talk about like
today when I wear so I'm just gonna get
to the main topic that I want to talk
about and basically I want to teach you
guys a very very very important lesson
and I actually had to learn the hard way
yesterday and I like the stupidest force
in the entire world
so basically yesterday last night I
don't know why what got into me but I
was like oh my god I've never tried
bangs so I cut my bangs and I took
picked about it and us you know showed
you guys a picture of it and I'm gonna
have the picture of my bangs right now
so there is my food Julie base and for
some reason in that photo I actually
made them look kind of good and you know
they're not the full-on like traditional
bangs you know but you can tell that I
cut a lot of my hair and in that photo
it doesn't look half bad but that is
definitely not how it looks in person
and I am like I regret it so so so so so
much so you know I have my hair pulled
back right now my bags okay sorry um so
I'm definitely not gonna show you guys
how they look they're so so bad and I'm
just uh makes me so mad so basically
today's lesson is oh by the way I'm just
gonna have to be wearing my hair like
this until my hair grows out so either
it's gonna you gotta see you they're
gonna see my hair like this or in a
ponytail or in a headbands but you guys
are not reducing my babies because I
hate them so so so much so basically
today's lesson is no matter what unless
you're really really good at it I
definitely do not recommend cutting your
bangs at home even I messed up I thought
that I could pull them off like pull off
like cutting on the stuff and you know I
was doing the right thing I was watching
videos no it didn't turn out how I
planned it to turn out I tried to make
like the Megan hurts makeup like swoop
bang that like puffs out but here it's
like too flat and thing to do that I
tried teasing in everything trust me
guys I spent hours of my hair
it is useless so I'm gonna leave it
alone and let it grow out so hope I
don't know long was this video okay yeah
so basically don't cut your hair at home
seriously I do not suggest it at all
unless you really know what you're doing
you'll regret it so if you mess up on
your hair
stop cutting it just kind of leave it
alone and let it grow out so thank
goodness hair like grows out so I'm not
too mad you know I can't cry over
spilled milk I just have to deal with it
and just kind of clip my hair back for
the next you know a couple months or
however long it takes out I don't know
how long my hair takes to dry and what
is this hair look like it's like curly
okay that's weird
alright anyway so I just want to say
that yeah they're okay oh my god so
annoying
alright so I got two things for my room
you know I always update you guys on my
room or not three actually so the first
thing is I got black bedsheets kind of
like the sheet that goes over your
mattress and on your pillow so I just
got clean black ones because I think
that's you know the more simple the more
better since I have crazy things going
on behind me I'm sorry I ain't been like
making videos at this angle a lot I used
to like love look at it like this but I
feel like you guys getting bored so I
think I'll like switch it up but um if
you guys see that thing right there and
let actually let me go get it okay
so basically this is the first thing
that I got and I got this like about a
week to go I'm sorry I didn't tell you
guys before actually Twitpic did yeah so
basically this is just like a you know
standard folder little like holder
thingamajigger
and I was like that cute pattern that
matches my room and I got these I got
these two things that I'm gonna mention
or not right now I think at Marshall's
or TJ Maxx not really sure I think it
was Marshall Cyril but either way I love
both of those stores they're like super
super inexpensive so I got this thing
which is really cute it has like a
little little thing right there sorry no
I really really like this though so I
just kind of propped that on my desk so
empty it looks not like
I think it like completes my task so let
me go ahead and put that back so yeah
that is one of the things that I got and
that was like about five dollars like it
was so cheap so the next thing that I
got was for ten dollars I think and I
already ripped off all the wrapping I'm
sorry but um I got it Marshalls and it
is mirror whoa oh my god that looks so
cool okay so they're a mere letter like
sticker things so this is how they look
you know I mean nothing special and I
thought these would be so cute to put in
my room but I have no idea where to put
these like like no idea I'm not kidding
I was thinking of like writing I want to
put the word Claudia I like the name
Claudia somewhere I don't really want to
do my walls because I don't want to risk
likes like chipping the paint or
whatever because I have no idea what
color my walls are so thinking of
putting Claudia on the top of my square
mirror and also want to put BBS
somewhere so if you guys have any
suggestions on where I should put these
little sticker things then comment below
because I need your guys's help because
I know that some of you guys are like
really really creative with this kind of
stuff so yeah that's all that I really
want to show oh another thing is okay so
my family is like really really weird
about this well not really weird but
like randomly my mom or dad will go out
and like by random juices and drinks and
snacks and you know just put in our
kitchen and then eventually me my
brother end up finding it and it's
finishing it all and I feel really bad
but that's kind of the truth we just
kind of eat there there's stuff you know
stuff I think in the kitchen and it's
like the best thing in the entire world
so this is coconut guava and it's like
this juice stuff and I don't like
coconut juice but you guys know I'm
obsessed with coconuts and really really
want to try coconut water and I went to
like um our local and grocery store and
they had it they didn't have any so
cobble if you guys know what stores or
what grocery stores have coconut water
want to try it but this is coconut guava
so it looks like that I'm not gonna try
to pronounce that because I can't even
Hollis Hollis ticks and whatever so
looks like that and it's just like clear
and white and it smells like fuzzy or
fuse and I know it's like the best taste
ever and this stuff lasts for a long
time like look at the expiration date
December 2nd 2011
I don't 20th sorry I was reading it on
screen it's not crazy 2011 this thing is
like a year like this could be a year
old Wow okay sorry that was really
random but it was just sitting on my
desk and you know you guys know me I see
their most randomest and pointless
things ever this is a story time segment
of the Claudia show okay so basically at
our school you know will like our school
has like random activities you know I
would think like every school does like
just random activities that kids
participate in and one of them was
volleyball and it was like a thing that
we did after school and we're still
doing air right now I hope so I think I
don't know but uh basically you just get
your friends to make a volleyball team
and you just kind of you know first each
other like versus different teams
throughout the grades and you see who's
the best team in our school so you know
of course me my friends we do it you
know it's fun and basically our team was
you know you could have boys and girls
so I mean you know hello of course we're
gonna have boys on our team so basically
it was me Kate McNeely and three other
boys and we were like one team and you
could have like a teacher on your team
too but we did it
funniest thing ever so you're supposed
to come up with like outfits or uniforms
or whatever like usually many people
just do like tight
it's like headbands like long socks you
know like that kind of stuff and like
really silly we decided to go really
really girly okay so everybody on our
team had to wear Sophie's arse off ease
counting the boys and everyone had to
wear tight pink t-shirts from like
Victoria's Secret it was the funniest
thing ever like we could not focus for
like the first ten minutes the first
time we saw them it was like just a just
picture a dude with like short shorts
and like a tight t-shirt it was so so so
funny so um yeah I thought there was
like hilarious and I just want to show
you guys that because we had volleyball
today and of course it was like
hysterical so alright I think that's
really funny and then you know Oscar
also he looked really cute with their
little short shorts and t-shirts and
stuff like that so yeah I wish I could
have like a picture for you guys it's so
funny so that's my little story time so
I'm trying to think if I have anything
else to share with you guys so just that
was like an awkward silence enough
rambling you know I can go on and hours
and hours okay why am I still talking
all right I'll see you guys for another
video bye
