hey guys um so it is what's the DK july
july it is december knife and 6 18 right
now and I just became youtube partner on
my second channel and I legit a couple
months ago was like freaking out oh my
god so like right by like adrenaline
rush has like kind of calmed down now
Irene YouTube Partner I don't even know
to say about that oh my god you know of
course the first thing I want to say is
thank you guys so much like without any
of you guys I've never ever ever thought
about even making YouTube partner this
has always been one of those things that
I have on my bucket list and I can check
it off oh my god and I'm super super
super happy um I don't really know what
else comes in the package of becoming
YouTube partner um I becae have just
been playing around right now I just
need a banner and stuff and I'm just
like a in astonishment of like I'm
flabbergasted yes I don't even know what
to say I just I need to take a breather
right now then okay um Spacely the story
is today I was on my main channel like i
usually am and i was signed in and all
of a sudden I just had this like thought
just like this feeling of like I should
go on my second channel cuz i dont
really sign in on that too much and I
went on my second channel and and the
home page it said like continue with the
YouTube process and I was like whew we
win what so I signed into the email that
goes with my second channel and it so
that I became youtube partner and I was
so excited with like the words can't
even describe and um I like continued it
and accepted it all and oh you too
partner oh my god thank you guys so much
okay so I want to make this video just
thinking all of you guys that's so crazy
um if I never ever thought that I'm
I'm youtube partner um but even if I did
I thought I would get on my main channel
um I really did not think that I was
gonna get it on this one first or
whatever so I'm like I'm like I'm like a
maze I'm like oh my god like uh yeah I
just I never thought I'd get out my
second channel but um that's still like
really really crazy I mean I don't even
care if I get partner on my other one
because I had it so crazy so I just want
to make a video right now saying just
thank you guys so much and um I made a
banner a couple minutes ago that matches
with um my background right now so don't
really need any banners right now but if
you guys I know that a lot of you guys
are super technical and really awesome
at the photo editing and stuff I'm gonna
have two pictures that I have from
twitpic and i'll have them down there so
if you guys want to make me um a banner
it can be totally random because for
christmas and winter i'm using the one
i'm using right now but you don't want
to try the spring time i'm going to have
to change it and if you guys have any
great ideas um I mean that'd be awesome
if you guys made a banner with like a
matching background or something it can
look however you want it to look you can
add the pictures in which would be
really really awesome which I don't know
how to do and oh my god yeah so if you
guys make me a banner or becca also need
a banner for my video i don't know which
side it is but on the top like up there
or up there i don't know i mean one of
those two so if you guys know how to do
them you can email them to UM beyond
beauty TV at a wall com that's like my
email for you guys it's not my business
email it's like my fun email I guess I
don't know um yes you could just send
him there and oh this is like the best
day ever you guys have no idea I'm just
like I'm surprised I didn't start crying
I thought I was gonna like a ball once
like oh my god
all right I'm gonna go because you guys
probably do not want to watch me like
sit here and shock all this time so
thank you so much i love you guys and I
never want to stop making videos this is
like my number one hobby and I love you
guys bye
