who everyone so today has already been
the best day ever and it's only like
nine o'clock in the morning do you guys
want to know why because it's snowing
and this is like the second day that it
snowed this Christmas and the first time
it was like really fluffy snow but like
it would melt when it hit the ground so
it didn't even like make a difference
and um yes sir when my friends told me
that LTS no tonight and then I forgot
and then today I woke up and like white
was just like shining on my face because
there's snow all around me and I got so
excited so I want to show you guys oh
yes and it's been snowing the entire
morning okay is that like feel crooked
eight separate okay yes oh it's been so
I'm the entire morning and it's still
snowing a super super duper happy about
that because I love the snow like I
think it's so beautiful and I would
rather see snow than bunch of flowers
during the summertime like I think snow
is so pretty oh my god I already went
outside and I like filmed a bunch of
like snow footage for my winter
tutorials and stuff because you guys to
know that I always love having like
random clips of like outdoorsy things um
before my tutorials and you know of
course I fill the snow and things and
like the snow flying and I started
editing yet but i haven't up like i
haven't actually um recorded like doing
my eye makeup yet but i started editing
like the intro and super excited okay
I'm see I'm like so happy that there's
no now finally because it took a long
time for it to snow where I live in and
I'm just really really happy and now I'm
totally unlike the Christmas mood I also
just want to say that it's snowing I
don't know it's really awesome um and
also another thing that I must say is
snoopy guys
is that right there yeah well a couple
days ago I spray painted some things
with my dad and some of you guys don't
like are your parents divorce do you
have a dad it's like yeah I hope dad um
i guess it's because i mentioned i mama
on my videos and like that my dad so yes
i have daddy and um he helped me like
spray paint a couple of things a couple
days ago and i want to show you guys
what they are so first off right here I
mean I don't know what's kind of stuff i
don't know what i'm doing here yet but
we spray-painted like this awesome ah
what's a call its picture frame and it
has like really pretty detailing when
you look at it there's like a face right
there I don't know that was kind of
weird but um yeah I think this frame
matches completely and I'm gonna leave
it empty like that and I just think it's
gorgeous and then also I got any poster
so you guys noticed i stitched the Spice
Girls poster to this Marilyn Monroe
poster so it looks like that I think it
matches a lot more and also I Spain
painted this thing that I told you guys
and oh my god I'm like obsessed with it
now so I have of course everything
that's on here has to match my room so I
have like this silver headband in this
black headband and then right here I
just have my little bows I like putting
my hair I said that really weird and
then i have this ever combigan Fitch I
think scarf that's striped and then I
have like this like diamond belt thing I
don't know but its fake so yeah super d
duper happy about that like now I think
it over all like brings together my room
a lot better so and then you know the
sin right here this thing look at this
now oh my god I just love looking
outside my window now um so yeah my room
is like almost done just need like two
more things um what else sounds like a
room date room update thing and another
thing that's really funny is it snowing
outside right now
not wearing like a white tank top and
like jean shorts I don't know I'm really
weird like I'm weird like that like I
like wearing shorts inside like I love
shorts i just love wearing i'm better so
coffee and like I don't really like
having like skinny jeans and my legs and
stuff like that so I just kind of wear
shorts around the house and so you guys
are like remember so you guys I'm blog
TV were like isn't it like winter why
are you wearing shorts and now I swear
in the indoors cuz i don't know i like
bringing shirts so today i think at
three o'clock i'm going to my friend
Kate's hockey game because um today the
one that she's playing is like really
important it's like a big game so me my
friends are gonna go cheer for her I
think I'm gonna like totally embarrass
her and like make this huge like poster
it says okay you know she was in my
video to my little vlog thing i might
point like this and that in my blog like
one year anniversary of law thing on my
main channel beyondbeautystar down there
my links are always in that little
description box I feel like I haven't
talked to you guys in such a long time
because for a while I made videos like
every like every day like like one day
on this channel I'm doing that channel
like sometimes I make like two videos a
day for each Channel I don't know um and
then it kind of stopped like this week I
was just like really lazy like I went
home and I knew what I had to record and
I knew like what videos i had to me and
I just didn't do that i don't i don't
know why i was like-- not in the video
recording lewd this week and then
yesterday and um thursday i was like out
with my friends so I couldn't really
record um but I really do not know was
what was into me for monday tuesday
wednesday because i could have totally
recorded like three videos i'm just lazy
like that i can
do it so I'm like obsessed with
Christmas right now so like when I'm
taking a shower usually listen to like
like you know our time music you know
the music that's in like those kind of
radio stations um and lately sorry I'm
like looking at this mirror and I was
zoning out but um today I take a shower
because obviously my hair is like wet
and like not even brushed and i was
listening to christmas music and i was
so happy and a little Christmas tree and
everything oh my gosh ah let's see I
keep saying um um um um yeah that's
basically four days video i just want to
tell you guys that it's snowing and then
i spray-painted stuff great video yeah
so um I'll definitely make more videos
I'm sorry for my little my little period
of break time for days I missed you guys
a lot i'll see you guys in another video
either in this channel or my main
channel beyondbeautystar so yeah that's
all I want to say all right hi
