hey everyone so today I'm just going to
do a vlog for you guys and well I mean
that's what I've been doing on this
channel all the time so I don't even
know I tell you guys a drink blog
because this is obviously a vlog okay
all right well I'm really excited to
make this video today so first off if
you guys have noticed in my background I
got the lamp okay I got the lamp from
target that I really really wanted and
it was like the damage gordum damask
pattern and I put a little dusting and
it's so cute it's like sixteen dollars
in like fifty cents or something so yes
I'm like one step closer to making the
room tour for you guys which I am super
super excited about another thing that
actually came in the mail for me today
was to do a what's it called it's a
tumbler from glitzy glam com because I
know that's um i tooted about how i
ordered something from glitzy glam and
so you guys were like oh what'd you get
so i got a tumblr and i've wanted these
like a tumblr for such long time like i
always see them at starbucks and all
these places and I always wanted them
and I know suck glad glitzy glam
com hazel and I was like oh my god i
need to get it so looks like this i
chose the main color black and the
secondary color sky blue I think that's
what's called and obviously there was
Sifu Claudia and to come so quickly real
strong everything are now i'm just
drinking water but i was just drinking a
nice to unit and I'm obsessed with
not even kidding you guys and this was
like kind of like part of my Christmas
present like these two so um yeah so
that leads me on to Christmas a lot of
you guys asked me to make a Christmas
wish list video and Christmas haul and
all that stuff but honestly um I'm
actually not getting anything for
Christmas because I've already gotten
everything that I want to get for
Christmas um so my main present for
Chris from Christmas or for Christmas
was my video camera in that lamp and
this little tumblr so I'm not getting
anything more nothing else so that's why
I didn't want to make a Christmas video
um but super exciting news I think we
might be going to Hawaii for Christmas
for an entire week and I think we're
going to kawaii with this other family
and I'm super super super super excited
I really hope it happens it's just a
thought right now we're just looking at
hotels and stuff like that so you know
it's definitely not like a one hundred
percent guaranteed yet but i think that
super super exciting and um of course
i'm going to vlog every single day on
that trip so seven days seven videos
well at least like at the most seven
videos I really hope I could do it every
day but I don't know whatever is going
to turn out is going to turn out we
might not even go we don't know for sure
yet but i would go through the 20th to
the 27th so I me I just want to talk
about that and one of the last things
that I want to talk about in today's
video is blog TV so I went on to block
TV on Saturday night
leave and like about 400 people girls
for watching me which is like super
crazy so thank you so much for everyone
who came to watch me live and I just
have to say one thing I realized that a
lot and I'm not kidding guys a lot of
girls got kicked out or banned from
Maybach TV and you know their messaging
me like why did you kick me how all I
asked was like like how old are you or
something something random and a lot of
girls got kicked out and I honestly had
no idea because i myself only kicked out
I think about four people and they were
like random people that were saying you
know inappropriate things and everyone
was hanging ok you have to band out this
person they keep saying bad things so I
only band out like four people and I
don't know why so many girls that kicked
off um i tooted about it and a wonder
girl said that if you type a lot than
they ought sometimes you will
automatically get kicked out so that
could have been it and um I wasn't smart
enough to check if someone else was
operating because I think there were
other operators I think there are other
operators that were kicking people out I
think and um I'm so sorry for the girls
that got kicked out definitely um I have
no idea I did not do that some people
said that they're going on subscribe
does that happen and I'm sorry I'm
definitely gonna have to work on that
next time I don't know what the heck
happened um so basically just wanted to
say that but otherwise Spock TV was
super awesome super fun a trauma came in
like the middle of it and it lasted four
hours four hours um 830 to like 830
to me it's like 1230 so we were up for a
really long time but it was so much fun
and towards the end rear base we were
like almost falling asleep so sorry
about that but um yeah so Oh another
thing is I repeated my nails and some of
guys are like okay so my videos it's
always like back and forth I different
nail polish colors and some of you guys
like okay do you paint your nails like
every day no I paint my nails like mmm
like a cult like I paint my nails you
know have that for like a couple days
then I switched up so I actually changed
my nail polish color six times this
entire break which is kind of sad but
I'm like obsessing over now posh so last
night I changed my nail polish color of
course and before was peachy keen but um
obviously they're all I'm using all my
new trial is one's for my hall and the
one I'm wearing right now is first-class
ticket there you go and this color
reminds me a lot of OPI ink by OPI um so
it looks like this I'm not if you guys
can see the sparkles and shimmers but
they are like blue reflex and like I
think a little bit of pink too and like
purpley I don't know but this is
definitely one of my favorite nail
polishes um super super cute you know
dark colors are awesome for wintertime
okay sorry to check the time on my
little video but yeah so also another
room update I know I always always talk
about my roof with you guys I'm so sorry
but so you guys like it because maybe
you're trying to base your roof your
room off mine or whatever um so limp
checked off very good super happy about
that oh of course the smash my room just
FYI i always get
then try to match my room so I'm you
know of course um but another thing is I
said that the vanity that I want not the
vanity the armoire the jury are more
from P pier 1 imports I think it's like
300 something dollars like 350 and that
is really really expensive so I decided
to hold that off for a little bit um NS
decided that the money that I've seen
right now I'm just gonna buy a carpet
because I already have enough money um
too bad carpet um I just have to wait
till I get the money um but the carpet
that I want i will link the link in the
downbar and it's like 100 and like
thirty dollars something and um so I've
enough money for the carpet so instead
I'm going to buy the carpet first um so
then i'll have the lamp the carpet and
the only thing missing is my floor lamp
and the armoire but I think once i get
the floor lamp and the little carpet
thing that I'll make a room tour because
I feel like I don't want you guys to
wait that long for the armoire because I
know I'm not going to get that for a
long time so I'm gonna make a room tour
without the armoire yes okay and um also
want to paint a couple things like but
other than that my room is you know
definitely um don't good great um
actually this is like I like it right
now I love the background a little bit
ly up oh my god okay yeah so this video
don't have to be too long so um yeah
that's what it for today's blog and
tomorrow I'm going to be recording and
editing and hopefully uploading a really
fun video for you guys it's kind of like
a holiday gift idea and it's like a
do-it-yourself video too yeah that's it
for today's video and see you guys later
bye
