hey everyone so first off yes I know I'm
sitting in my closet because I don't
know I just feel like since I got this
new camera I've been trying out a lot of
new in different angles that I would
have never thought that I would like try
or whatever and yeah I'm in my closet
right now I don't know I just want to
try out the lighting in here and also I
clean my closet today so felt like
showing it off you know no I'm just
really proud of myself for cleaning my
closet because that's like the one thing
that gets so messy in my room to the
point where it's like bad um yeah so
today is another vlog random stuff for
just I'm going to be talking about
Randall in this video so um yeah first
thing I want to mention about my room is
i forgot to say i forgot to mention one
thing in my whole room video and you
know that one metal thing that I kept my
purses on and then I keep sometimes I
close on there and scarves on there it's
like that one metal thing that looks
like a like a mannequin but it holds
men's suits I'm going to show a picture
of it right now so yeah that thing I
forgot to mention to you guys that I
want to spray paint that black because
you know Gold doesn't really match my
room and for the past couple days I have
been like following my dad around tying
him can you swoop in with me now can do
it now can you now and i thought we're
going to say but i think we're gonna do
tomorrow on thanksgiving but um i don't
know but i just want to tell you guys
that yeah i want to spray paint that
black and i also want to spray paint
this other picture frame that i have
black and then put that on the wall so
yeah i just want to mention that another
thing that i want to mention are my
nails and lighting is not so good right
now but my nails are like this like
plumbing dark plum color and the nail
polish and i just did this like 10
minutes ago and these are this is the
nail polish that i'm going to be wearing
for thanksgiving because you know
obviously thanksgiving is tomorrow and
the color that I'm using is
the sally hansen insta-dry fast dry nail
color or yeah so looks like that yeah
and this is in sonic plum and this is
the first time that I've ever used an
insta drag now polished by sally hansen
and let me just tell you guys when they
say insta-dry best dry nail color they
legit mean it like within like 20
seconds my nail polish was completely
dry which was really awesome because I'm
one of those people that like when I
paint my nails I always have other
things to do so right after I paint my
nails you know I get up clean my room
whatever and then by the end of the
night I have scratches all over my nails
and I'm like great just painted my nails
and now they're all ruined but since
this dress this dries so quickly my it
doesn't even get a chance to scratch my
nail polish anyways um so yeah first
time I've ever used one of these and I
really love it like just even the brush
I mean hold on look at how thick this
brush is oops like do you see how thick
that is all right you might not be able
to tamil video but from my pinky I only
used one stroke so I'm that's really
awesome really really love it okay so
this is really random but this is
another thing that lately I've been
really liking and um it's the Febreze
and this is in cranberries and frost and
it does smell like cranberries and frost
and I've been spraying it like all over
my room oh my god I feel it like falling
on me right now it's also good oh my god
it also seems like grapefruits too I
don't know but I really really like this
so it's gotten a random but I don't know
my mom's grated like the whole house and
then I was like oh my god what is that
she's like oh it's freeze you could have
it
yes okay um yeah that was kind of random
just wanted to say that but yeah so
another thing that I want to say is not
a while ago a couple days ago it was my
brother Martin's birthday and basically
we went out to celebrate his birthday
went to a restaurant and I tweeted that
that night was the first night that I
went out in high heels like outside my
house and I heels and I was like so
excited you know that was the first time
I've ever wear high heels I felt kind of
awkward to UM my brother was like what
the heck and my dad was like the heck
but i'm going to show you a picture of
my outfit of that night right now ok so
yeah that's how it looked and i took
picked it and someone asked about my
shoes and where I got them and stuff so
I want to show you guys the shoes that I
wore that night so I got them right here
ok so this is probably looked and
obviously they were my mom's you know me
my mount have like the same size foot so
you know that's really lucky of that ok
so this is how it looks to boot and it's
like a chocolate brown and has a buckle
right here and it zips all the way down
and it looks like that I don't know how
high this high heel is but yeah it's
like that high and that's how it looks
and the brand of these ok I'm pretty
sure my mom got them from nordstrom but
I cannot pronounce this brand and I've
never really heard of it but i'm going
to show you guys ok there that's the
brand let's dress right here from
forever 21 you guys saw this in my hall
and then I paired it with some black
leggings and those boots and then also a
thick gold like bangle from forever 21
so yeah that is what I wore that night
and also another thing I want to talk
about is since I was like cleaning my
closet today
I I was looking for like little bins and
like things for storage and stuff and I
found this awesome basket okay it's so
basically like this stuff in my closet
it's all connected to these three bars
that I have I have like three bars and
they all like hook on with like these
like little hooky things and we have
like the same kind of organization stuff
and everybody's closet and I was just
kind of looking around you know I always
try to fish for things throughout my
house and I found this awesome basket
that you hook on and I have no idea what
to put in here um so if you guys know
what actually put in here cuz it's
really awesome all I do is just hook it
on like that and then it's just a little
basket I'm thinking of putting like
socks in there and um like underwear and
bras and stuff so I don't know but um
that's what I was thinking but I don't
really know is there anything also want
to talk about yes so thanksgiving is
tomorrow super excited um you know
already painted my nails um don't really
know what I'm wearing yet I'm think I'm
gonna wear something to like crazy like
that one picture you guys saw where we
went out to a restaurant because
tomorrow we're just having like a family
dinner at my house and then you know my
brother's coming with his girlfriend and
things like that so I mean no one's
really gonna see me except for my family
um but yeah that's about it I think okay
Oh another thing that I wants to talk
about is my video camera and what I
think about it so far um I love it you
guys know that I am in love in love with
my video camera there's like two things
that I wish we're on my video camera and
maybe this could help me out with this
one of them the first thing is it
doesn't have a remote to it like a
little remote remote so when I try to
zoom up and stuff I actually have to
reach for the camera and zoom up by
myself but I don't really care i mean
whatever but the one thing that really
bugs me is when i'm recording it
doesn't tell me the time like I don't
know how long this video is going to be
so because usually I check up now and
then like every second i'll check like
what's the time so far so I know when to
speed up or slow down or whatever but I
have no idea how long this video is
going to be and like I'm scared that one
day I want to make a video and it's
going to be like Oh 15 minutes and then
I can't cut it down and it's like oh
shoot I have to rerecord it so if you
guys have this video camera i will i'll
put the model thing in the downbar if
you guys like if you don't know if you
have the same one as me or whatever but
um if you guys do have the same one as
me is there some kind of way that I can
set it so it says like what's the time
for the recording because I really do
not know so yeah um expensive about it
you know chillin in my closet um that's
about it if I don't make a video
tomorrow then happy thanksgiving to all
of you guys hope you eat a lot um can't
wait for the turkey and the food oh my
god so good yes I'll see you guys for
another video on this channel um and
yeah bye
