okay listen well first of all good
afternoon folks we're going on a little
road trip the reason why I said up here
is because when I walk now everyone
could be in the shot imagine if I was
back there trying to shove the camera I
mean I see you he makes a great point
I'm doing it for the content someone's a
little better than you have so much room
back there you get to party I'm stuck in
a chair look at you go alright I'm with
Stefan I'm with Huntington
why does this look so familiar huh I'm
up that's right we're here
so Stefan is entirely inside of a tree
right now how are you doing this
we've just been jumping off of different
we jumped off like that Brock and up
there the water was so cold so we've
been like sitting in the Sun warming up
and now climbing into trees do you need
help I'm not going through that oh how
is this happening right now climbed
through the tree whoa
Zachariah you know that we're about to
do a 50-foot jump off the high and the
cliff jumping yeah we're just gonna
breathe it underwater like a little
fishies there I had that power to give
you all little twinkle fingers towards
y'all mm-hmm
oh we're all crumbling
we stopped by the beach to enjoy sunset
and they're all the way out there I
really don't want to get sand all over
me also I want to climb up this thing
and watch the sunset from there but I
feel like we're coming in really old
everything happens for a reason always
go with the flow never question anything
because yeah we last-minute decided to
come here and I was gonna pull my car
forward so that Stefan can park tandem
with me and my battery is dead and so
now we are literally jumping my car with
sevens car I don't know how to do this I
would have had to like freaking called
toyotacare in the morning and be super
overwhelmed stressed out and now all
this doing is giving me a quality long
tense and another experience
this is my car exploded
alright look at this wall look at first
of all this little gal this little setup
we have going on here what are we doing
it we are making DIY neon lights and
I've no idea what we're doing
but I didn't even know this was a thing
by the way also
this is janessa rose literally like look
at how beautiful you look hold on what
I'm sorry my wife no good I was just
like wow I'm really admiring the view
finder right now um so you're welcome
guys for that obviously I'll link her
stuff down below and when the video goes
up but we're making neon signs pretty
sorry enough to make a quo or make a
word or Jewish oh my gosh I'm trying to
think I'm doing no angel because on
tumblr this is how I got the idea okay I
saw like a pink no angel and I was like
I need that in my room but I was gonna
pay $200 for it so they're like really
weirdly expensive yeah not weirdly I
know like hopefully this looks good whoa
just I wonder what that's gonna turn out
Chex it's like hot pink oh it's got like
a purple kind of vibe to it yeah mm-hmm
about this obviously I chose white she
was like what car do you want like um
well don't really I'm scared of color
and when did this happen who are you why
are you here guys it's Franny's birthday
this is Frannie Molly's dog look at
Alexis make Alexis did it ah
Queen Queen Queen birthday Queen all
right you guys we finished the collab Oh
only took three hours but we did it Oh
oh my God look what the cat dragged in
dude can you just like give me some love
and attention please come here come here
this is Molly's dog Franny kiss my cheek
and I'll kiss the dog if I lick your ear
okay look right here okay wait I need
the dog in it though it's just her ass
okay okay this is good don't do that
Franny come via snap oh my god shooting
straights we're back she was like yeah
rub my belly
