good afternoon everyone starting today's
vlog a little later but it's been a
great morning
we should probably state the obvious
look baikal came in today so alright
we're good
let me show you guys what's happening
for privacy reasons I want to close the
curtains but oh my goodness what what do
we have here it's looking like a real
living room in here I want to mention a
few things so this is the couch you guys
have never seen it before because I
didn't show you guys in the store but
basically I wanted an L couch but then I
saw this bad boy and I was like you know
what who has a couch with this sort of
shape he thing he going on right here
when I fell the way back here my feet
still lay on this thing it's a great
size so this couch is from room & board
as well as the glass coffee table and
like that it's a circle because it sits
directly underneath my circle chandelier
so that feels just really nice in my
heart one thing I want to mention my
place is not going to be as gray as it
looks right now I know it looks very
grey and made that mistake in my last
bedroom but I'm not making a mistake
here for starters my love sack over
there oh my god let's just give that one
a quick shoutout
oh my god I have been wanting a love
sack for so freakin long but I've never
had the space to get one every single
time I see a youtuber like vlogging one
of these or I go to someone's house and
they have a freakin love sack you're so
comfortable I'm always so jealous so I
kind of like knew that it was going to
happen so the cover hasn't come in the
mail yet but it's going to be white and
fluffy I got like the polar shade and
I'll have it linked in the downbar the
size the color the links all that stuff
it's going to be so good for
entertaining and yes this bad boy is
going to be white it's not going to be
gray also I'm going to be completely
transparent with you guys love sex sent
me that which I'm so so grateful for so
thank you the people over at loveSac oh
so very much pretending it it's like oh
my god it was meant to be there I'm
probably going to bring in a carpet not
sure what color it's going to be but I'm
going to add in colored pillows throws a
different pillow I got my glass and
chrome bookshelves so those are going to
be right there and obviously among those
shelves I'm going to
have so many different colored
knickknacks and flowers and all that
stuff also I'm going to get real flowers
here right now I just have this little
like fake bouquet because I just want to
add something but also my console table
is going to be mostly wood it has a
white counter inside but yeah that's
going to help bring in some color so
don't worry guys
it's not going to be all great these are
just the basics I'm probably going to
bring that chair over here and then kind
of move the loveSac a little bit yeah
for now I just put that little table
there I'm still decided with this wall I
remember telling you guys that I want to
like long identical mirrors which I'm
still considering it all depends on like
how busy this wall is going to be but
also like have this clock if I put that
there it might be like too many circles
but also I still have these paintings
that maybe I could throw up there and
that will kind of help bring in more
black to match the chandelier in and
then maybe add more to make it more of a
collage because it's a big wall
I'm stressed out so you guys saw this in
yesterday's vlog and I was kind of
undecided I'm like what kind of bar
stools to do but I think I might kind of
mix it up and do like a matching set
would have two backless right here and
then have two here that have low backs I
don't know crazy thoughts my bar cart
came in the mail and I kind of like this
spot for it I feel like it makes sense
because it's by the fridge
so once the furniture came in I started
working on some editing and I finished
this week's main channel video I'm so
proud it's two days earlier than it
needs to be done thumbs up this video
for how on it I've been with my YouTube
channels like both my YouTube channels
of getting back into the game I know the
main reason why is probably because of
the move when you're changing your
surroundings you just feel like you have
to press start and now I'm able to do
all this stuff in beginning the day and
then I have time to actually go out and
see friends tonight I have a workout
class I like 6:30 p.m. and then after
that Becca's going to come over and
she's going to check out the furniture
she was like Omar I need to see it very
excited for that and then yeah once this
weekend goes around like I am having
people over I'm so excited oh my god
a away why am i why are you in my
building because listen I'm looking for
any place I was on Christmas and I was
like I know that building yeah so we
just toured and I I joined the tour but
yeah we're just like hanging out for a
little bit and it's great because to
hang out and chat with stuff my building
manager slope getting surprised visits
from your best friend know what it's
actually so amazing because even though
Rebecca is like moving right now and
she's in a process of looking for a new
place
Rebecca was like ten minutes wait for me
Lucas was like 10 mins away from me
Becca was from 10 minutes away from me
it just it feels so right where I was
previous to this it was just super out
of the way and so it feels
huh I completely forgot to show you guys
this so this is a neon sign that I
purchased like half a year ago but it
was on back order and then when I got it
back in the old house I was like and I'm
just going to wait until I move because
it's obviously very fragile so I kept it
box how freaking cool is that I love a
good neon sign I'm kind of sort of semi
interested in a neon sign for maybe my
bedroom or something because I just love
the look of it but honestly so far this
is kind of making me happy so yeah I'm
really excited it's probably a go like
on my bookshelf or somewhere my living
room area and I'm probably only going to
turn on when I have guests but just
right now I'm about to head over to a
workout class taking off my makeup I'm
using these micellar makeup removing
Tellez I love micellar water and I like
it I mean it's taking it off gamma so
soccer bag let's go looking a little
rough just that home took a shower but
yo something just came in the mail it is
my love sack cover it let's cover this
bad boy up oh she's great oh I love her
also I wanted to show you guys what this
is they also sent over a foot sack
blanket which at first I was like what
is that but it's actually so freakin
convenient so basically it's a regular
blanket and then on one of the sides
there's like a little pocket for your
feet so think like a little sleeping bag
for your feet
these might be always like hangover so
now when I'm watching movies and stuff I
just put the blanket on tuck in my feet
and I do the thing literally how do I
always forget to vlog when I with people
this is just and that's what happens
life happens
here's a quick Instagram story video to
prove how Becca was just over and it's
very cute okay um you know maybe cheers
the top or something it's a boomerang
so yeah that's going to be it for
today's vlog I hope you guys enjoyed it
I'm so happy with how everything is
coming together and yeah today was a
good day I will probably talk to guys
tomorrow see ya
