hey everyone so today I just wanted to
do a vlog talking about my room because
I know that that that like topic comes
up all the time in my comments letting
guys want me to do room tours and all
that all that junk um so today just
wanted to talk to you guys about my room
and just things like that because a
while back during the summer I made a
vlog talking about my room and I was
telling you guys that I'm not really
100% like satisfied with my room there's
still things that I want to take out and
get and redecorate and stuff like that
and once my room is completely finished
that's when I'll make a room tour and
like that's what I said and I'm still
standing by that because I just feel
like I can still do a couple more things
to my room to make it like how I want it
like in my mind's eye I know how I want
my room to look and like I am determined
to get it like that so there's a couple
things I want to take out a couple
things that I want to repaint or buy and
things like that so just can tell you
guys what those things are today and so
sorry for any of you really want to see
your room tour I mean I know it's gonna
take a long time I already know that and
I'm sorry for that
but some of you guys just want a room
tour just so that you can see the
overall like look of my room just to be
a little bit inspired so I'm gonna
quickly show you guys tell my room looks
without any detail at all I just kind of
want to show you guys it because I feel
bad I mean a lot of you guys asked me so
this is how it looks
sorry there's some junk on the floor
right there I'll talk about that but um
yeah that's how it looks and that's only
there for Christmas so yeah okay so
basically the last couple of days I've
been really just like determined and do
I mean to work on my room so lately I've
been coming home right after school and
cleaning my room kind of switching it
around doing little things that
we'll help like decorate my room and
stuff like that so for example I clean
this thing out and I still don't know
where to put my perfumes but I mean I
like totally emptied out that thing and
then I just kind of cleaned up a little
bit of stuff and today what my main
project of the day was to kind of revamp
and decorate my cork board because if
you haven't seen it before it was brown
it had colors all over it looked like
something puked on it with a bunch of
colors and it didn't match my room at
all so I spent like an hour working on
it today and this is how it looks so
basically I just painted the edges with
this random paint that I found it's just
not a good idea because the paint chips
every time I touch it and then I just
put a wrapping paper which explains why
that's on the floor all over the little
cork board things so I definitely think
that will match a lot more I still have
to pin up random pictures and stuff
because it's obviously empty and I got
to add some stuff to it which explains
this little bin that's all of the junk
that was on my cork board I'm probably
not even gonna use like half of this
stuff in there so yeah that's my cork
board here once again I was working on
this little desk I just took this like
mirror looking picture frame wrapping
paper once again and this little thing
that I painted and then I switched this
with that thing so I switch places
because now I can do my makeup at this
table in front of the window and then
also my desk I'm pretty satisfied with
because I painted this black put
wrapping paper in it
I painted my little tape thing too so
that it matches and then you know I've
just got like a blue and black dry erase
board and then that stuff so I like my
dust in this area it's not bad but
basically I told you guys that I was
going to talk about a couple of things
that I wanted to
get for my room and let me just tell you
guys that I'm like completely determined
about my room now like someone's fine
can I talk to you later okay sorry bye
what do you mean you sorry about that so
basically some of the things that so I
really determined with my room and stuff
like that so any money that I ever get
from anything I'm gonna be saving up so
right now I'm gonna tell you guys what
things I want for my room and I kind of
want to speed this up because I know
this video is gonna be long so in target
there is that these damask lamps and I
want to get the table lamp in our place
of that lamp right there that's like
completely random and I really don't
like it but I just have it there for
lighting so I wanna get a table lamp in
the damask bun and that's from Target
calm also I want to get the same exact
two lamp except the taller one which is
a floor lamp and I'm going to put that
right the bear where the Christmas tree
is so on this Christmas is done up with
that there and then also I want to get a
carpet because my floor is boring and
it's not cozy it's you know wood
flooring so definitely you want to like
make my room a lot more cozier with a
carpet so I found one I think
overstock.com they like em in love with
and I really want to get it so basically
I want to get two lamps a carpet and one
last thing that I really want to get it
and I just decided today is a Julie
armoire because let me just show you
guys um this thing right here this table
I do not want it in my room anymore
because this thing holds some of my
Julie so this isn't all of it but like I
mean I really do not like the way that I
have my Julie right now like this is the
only place I could find to keep them and
I really don't like it so I want to get
like a jury armoire and take this table
out and put it here and also I sadly I'm
gonna take that thing out too but
basically today I was looking at all
that let me put a little screen so I was
looking at our Mars on a bunch of
websites I was just googling and and
it's really I couldn't find any that
would match my furniture because number
one it can't be white because my friend
shirt is like a crane colored white it's
kind of yellowy tinted and if I have
like a snow white like arm or it
wouldn't really match with like the trim
and like the window when all that stuff
it's in my room as you can tell it's not
like perfectly white like my shirt they
compared my bed and my shirt so can't
have a white one I was thinking of
scooping black jewelry armoires and
really I couldn't find anything that any
type of armoire that would really match
my room because it's kind of hard to
find things that match my furniture
since it's like the old-fashioned style
because the French are that I get is
like from antique places and antique
ship antique shows and things like that
I mean I've had them for so long and
stuff like that so it's hard to find one
and I only like could think of one arm
arm that would go perfectly with my room
and I really really want to get it but
I'm like scared that you guys are gonna
like attack me because basically the on
line that I want to get is the one that
gc7 has which is like the one that's all
mirrors which would be perfect because I
mean I already have two huge mirrors in
my room it would go perfectly in my room
I'm kind of scared to get it because I'm
afraid that I want to make my room tour
and people see it they're gonna be like
oh my god did you seriously coffee juicy
207 you have the same answer and that's
like the only thing they don't worry
about that you guys
trying to copy or something and it's not
that it's more like when I saw it I was
like oh my god I love that thing I just
want to get it because that's like the
only thing that I can really think that
would match in my room so I really want
to save up for that so basically today I
just want you guys to comment below and
tell me if I should get the armoire and
if you guys are gonna kill me
and then also tell me what you guys
think about my new little cork board and
yeah that's basically all of us hi guys
about my room that's an update so
basically all I just want is a new arm
or a two lamps and a carpet and once I
get those things I'll give you guys
their tours so yeah that's it for
today's vlog and I hope you guys enjoyed
this sin sorry this was too long all
right bye
