hey everyone so today I'm just going to
do a random vlog once again um I really
like doing these and quickly just want I
guys that thank you so much for everyone
who commented thinking of like new
titles that I should name my vlogs and I
really appreciate it some of them are
really clever and really cute and I
liked a lot of them but I decided that
this is my blog channel so I don't think
I'm good really just going to name my
blog so I'm just going to title it
whatever like this main subject is about
so I'm not going to have any titles for
my blog so sorry for all of you who took
the time to comment and think of a
really cute like wash not question title
for my blogs i really appreciate but um
I just decided not to so the first thing
that I want to say that yes I behind me
right there is my little baby christmas
tree i put it up every Christmas and
then down at the bottom I just put
little Tiffany boxes and bags just for
decoration yeah they're like my mom's
she's like you obviously can tell what
her obsession is Tiffany anyways um so a
couple of days ago I was just kind of
looking at random youtube videos and
then I started watching videos about
Ellen Blair and then random videos up
from like their meetups and stuff came
up and there was just one video that
came up from their new york city meet up
and basically it was just a video of
Ellen Blair they were sitting down just
talking to their subscribers about
random things and at one point they were
talking about like beauty gurus and then
they were talking about beauty girl
girls that don't have as many
subscribers and see okay and so she
started listing like macbarbie 07 and um
yeah and like those kind of people that
have that many subscribers and then all
of a sudden okay all of a sudden one of
the subscribers from the background
she's okay one of them said oh my god or
how about beyondbeautystar and I was
like wait
what did I just hear my name in that
video I like go back put the volume on
loud and a subscriber said
beyondbeautystar and I was like what and
I kept on watching and then Blair was
like oh yeah yeah and then I'll start
talking about this story how she met me
at a hotel and she really won't she like
wanted to meet me cuz she never met me
and she went to my hotel room and she
said that it was kind of word because
she thinks that I said she scared me and
I was like yeah I know you and um so she
just said a quick story about me and her
meeting and I really do wish that was me
that met her but that wasn't so um I
don't I was kind of confused but I was
so like really shocked that they even
like knew I was I mean even me got like
really excited even I got really excited
and stuff um but yeah that that's not me
who she was talking about i really wish
it was maybe it's someone that looks
like me or maybe she mistaken me from a
different beauty goo I don't know but um
yeah I thought that was like really
funny so I just want to show you guys
that and also i'll have that exact video
where I heard my name and how they
talked about me for like those couple of
seconds I'm gonna have that video in the
downbar if you guys want to watch it or
something I don't know but um yeah so I
just really want to say that and another
thing that I want to say is ok here's
like being really weird um I uploaded my
first tutorial in a long long time today
and so far all the comments have been
positive and really happy that i'm
getting back into making tutorials
because i love a little over love my new
camera and sorry i'm not using right now
that's because it is charging dusters
and i didn't feel like going to go get
it um and west and i want to say oh yeah
so the holidays are coming oh my god i'm
so so so so so excited so obviously you
can tell i really want to get into the
christmas boot Christmas mood fast so
today i actually created like a
Christmas playlist of different
Christmas
and like the entire Aly and AJ Christmas
album because I love all those songs
they're so adorable and I was like
blasting christx christmas music entire
day today just on repeat or on shuffle
and I started putting up little little
Christmas decorations oh my god I'm so
excited and another thing is i'll
definitely be making nail tutorials and
I tutorials for Christmas so excited at
least I'm at least gonna make I'm going
to try to make a winter nail tutorial
and a christmas nail tutorial and a
winter eye makeup look and a Christmas
inspired makeup look so at least for new
tutorials coming up this holiday oh my
god as you can tell how excited I am um
what else did I want to talk about I
don't know I just like really really
love the holidays I love being in that
spirit and where we live around some of
the places they actually put Christmas
lights up so at nighttime it looks so
cute and um yeah I'm just like really
excited I don't even know what to say or
I was having a discussion with my mom
because last year our Christmas tree was
like put up like very very late super
late like a couple days before Christmas
or something I don't even remember but I
came down to my mom and I was like mom
right after Thanksgiving we're buying a
tree putting it up decorating it getting
Christmas decorations and right away
we're going to start baking gingerbread
cookies because last year what we did
was we bought like so many packages of
gingerbread cookies and we made a bunch
and like we like style them or whoever
and put frosting on them and it was so
much fun and like we'd make one batch
and then we ate them all we want more so
we bought more we made more and stuff
like that so definitely doing that again
because that really got me into the
spirit of Christmas so love that and
yeah so I'm really excited for holidays
so how about you guys tell me what you
guys are doing for the hallway holidays
I want to know oh and also once our
Christmas tree is up and all the
ornaments are up I'm just going to say
that we have a very unique christmas
tree at Christmas time
because we have like really cool
ornaments I'm not going to lie they're
really cool we get them for like
different places so I decided that once
my christmas tree is up i'm actually
gonna make a video giving you guys a
tour of my christmas tree do you guys
think that'd be cool like a tour of my
christmas tree like i would talk about i
would like show the whole Christmas tree
and like all the ornaments and like the
cool ones ones that I like and like
stories behind them I love you guys like
that I thought that was like really
interesting I don't know if anyone has
done that before but I really want to do
it and this year I'm doing secret santa
with my best friends like we did last
year um so yeah that's basically all i
want to say today and i have to go take
a shower right now because my hair is mu
and i just watched my face so I still
have some like eyeliner on but like my
face is not the best right now i love
how when I make these videos it's like
the moment after i wash my face before I
take a shower so my hair is all gross so
you guys get to see me in like the worst
appearance that I that it can get so um
I'll see you guys for another video on
this channel all right bye
