everyone so super super exciting news
said I want to share with you guys today
and I don't know if you guys can tell
but um this video is pretty good quality
and that is because I got a new camera
today and I'm so so excited to use this
camera so basically if you guys don't
know what's going on um during the
summer i broke my video camera like the
lens fell inside of it and i've been
using my macbook and my mom's flip to
record and that's why i haven't been
making tutorials because the you know
quality was not very good um but today
my dad bought me like we went out and
bought a video camera and I'm obviously
recording from the right now and it is
because I know the law you guys are
gonna ask me it's the sahni our sony
handycam HDR CX 110 I'll have that name
like in the downbar for any of you um
and that's how it looks and oh my god
I'm so like excited you guys have no
idea it seems am I asking them very
excited that's because I record this
video and then it didn't work and then
something happen with like the USB chip
or whatever and then wait to like figure
it out and it's it's okay now so yeah
Mike's time I went a little down but um
yeah super crazy um so I think the
quality is really good on this camera so
you guys don't how much it costed um the
first store that we went to we saw this
camera um it was like four hundred and
fifty dollars or something and it was
very expensive my dad's like I don't
know let's go somewhere else and check
out on their camera sound like okay and
so we went to this other place and they
had the same set camera they were
selling it for 150 dollars cheaper so it
was about like three hundred dollars
which was um a really good deal because
it was like on sale and um the reason
that we didn't get my video camera
camera fixed was because it costs two
hundred dollars to get fixed so my dad
was like it's not worth it you might as
well just get a new camera um so yeah I
got a new one and the quality is like
freaking amazing on this
saying like my face is going to look
like so nasty because it's gonna be so
detailed and I like it's like the end of
day right now and I didn't take a shower
and I probably look so gross and this
whole in this awesome whole so right now
I'm just gonna show like I'm just going
to show you guys a couple of random like
little Clips like video tests on the
quality of this camera if you guys are
you know wanting it or whatever so yeah
super excited definitely gonna make
tutorials now I'm so making tutorial
tutorial tomorrow after school um so
yeah enjoy the little hooks after this
bye
