hey everyone today I'm going to be doing
a blog video and I don't really know
what I'm gonna talk about so I guess you
guys gonna find out so just kind of
whatever comes into my little mind I
will speak to you
Saito's that was weird okay um so
wondering why I'm in my bathroom right
now I just put in a new light bulb and
one of my lights cuz I like to lights on
left and on the right right above me
right there and they're like blinding me
and I didn't have one of them in there
and it was like the lighting was like
lopsided and I had one yesterday and I
was like oh my god lighting in here is
so good so I just kind of let's try it
out and you know that's it's not that
bad I mean just kind of washes me out I
think it's just this camera or web
camera but um yeah so just showing in my
bathroom of the guys wandering at my
shirt it's the ugly truth yeah it's
great movie if you haven't seen it yet
okay so there's a couple things that I
want to talk about and which OH
okay so basically I'm just gonna update
you guys a little bit okay so tomorrow I
have a birthday party for my friend
obviously knocked me cuz my birthday's
February 19th and her name is Elise she
was in my one year anniversary video
she's the one with the blonde curly hair
beautiful hair and she's wearing gray I
think like a gray cardigan type thing
and yeah that's hurt that's Lisa and
she's 14 years old so her birthday party
is tomorrow which I'm very excited for
if you're watching slice happy birthday
well happy belated birthday because your
birthday was not it's not today so today
I went birthday present shopping for her
birthday shopping yeah and I really like
the gift that I got her I think it's
it's pretty unique because usually I'm
like one of those lazy people that just
kind of gives them like up 40 bucks here
like I'll just gave them like money and
like that's it and this one I actually
put some creativity into like not very
much but from what I have given people
in the past it's definitely a lot
creativity in it and it's actually a
what's it called Vera Bradley that's the
company okay it's a Vera Bradley make up
back or like cosmetics bag and it's it's
really cute it's like pink and like
colorful and inside I'm just like me my
mom went to Ulta and I just bought like
bunch makeup and just put it in and it's
really cool actually I could show you
guys right now cuz to my room so let me
go get it okay it's already wrapped so
there you go that's how it looks
well is that time a good bye little
nurse
there's makeup in there so that's how it
looks and so cute I love it okay okay
thought I was getting my sec but um yeah
and I'm excited for a break the French
wire and sorry I look like a total
that's like you can see my eye bags I
have bad bad eye max maybe if I stop
moving you guys won't have to look at my
face I mean my eye bags and because it's
like nighttime right now as you can see
in the window sorry I'm also really
weird in this video I noticed because
I'm tired and I'm crazy when it turns to
night time just ask if like oh my god if
I asked a dread right now and I was like
am I crazy at nighttime she'd be like oh
my god yes I turn into like a lunatic
it's really hot in my house it was like
me and my mom we came home freezing
freezing in the house we're so cold and
then she told me to turn the temperature
up and I'm like sweating in my own
bathroom oh my god
yeah I get really weird at nighttime but
okay so another thing I want to say is
lately you know I think like my current
obsession okay I don't even have one
thing from here yet okay something's
really weird about my hair like okay I
have anything from this company yet but
I'm like secretly obsessed with it right
now and it's very breathy just like you
saw like aback when I went to the place
that I got the makeup bag
I saw everything else and like every
single time I walk into the store I like
see the variety section and it's just
like oh my god I just love everything
from that company it's so cute I love
the patterns I think they're really cool
and I just kind of want to get
everything but there are some certain
things that I want to get and I've got
to try to ask for them for Christmas but
just so you guys know that I don't
really get that much for Christmas and
that really asking for much
so it's like I hope I get it okay so
first off I want is I want a Vera
Bradley little hip put back and I think
it's new I mean it said it was new on
the website but it's already in the
store that I got it from and basically
it's like this little bag and it has
like a really really big like long strap
so you strap it crosses and I'm wearing
a lot of black right now I don't know
what um but it it crosses over like this
and then it like it like goes down to
here and it's just like a little bag and
it has like a huge huge strap and it's
so cute like oh my god I don't know why
but I always want it like one of those
little bags that you like put over and
it's like a really really long and like
the only thing you could fit in there is
like your phone and like money and like
things like that like a lipgloss but
like I want it so bad
and I want it in the like black white
and yellow pattern because I think black
matches a lot more than like other
colors too more things and then the
other colors are just kind of creepy and
yeah I styled the black one and then
also I want to get a makeup / cosmetics
bag and the size medium which is what I
just showed you guys my my point you
guys can't see but I'm a little present
thing that's a medium-sized one that's
what I want to get I want to get my own
makeup bag too because um they're
adorable
and then yeah I just like made it no
part of like little things that I want
like it's just like a little wish list
of things I'm like never going to get
but I also really want to get the Urban
Decay Naked palette and Urban Decay
primer potion because so like I think
about like every single beauty guru on
YouTube has the Urban Decay primer
potion like except for me
like I'd the only time I've ever tried
it is like it stirs and I'm never even
like actually fully tried it by putting
eyeshadow sonic which is really sad
because I think it's time for me to get
one soon fast pronto
I am really feeling left out like I
don't even know if this stuff is good or
not I mean I everyone tell everyone says
it's really amazing so that's all I'll
get it and this fog is training really
with them on I'm sorry about that and I
kick your summer walking that's awkward
my family always hears me make videos
it's really weird because my brother
will be like downstairs because my room
is like right up on the kitchen and
basically my brother okay all right got
it
okay so he'll be like in the kitchen
talking to my mom and like my brother
talks so loud like what are you just
talking about yes so can I have like
cereal or something he talks so loud and
like you can hear through the boring
okay
and oh yeah my mom will be like blasting
music like in the downstairs or wherever
I'll be like can you turn a la mierda
take a video
oh okay so yeah my phone gets so annoyed
because I'm like one of those people
that it's like everything has to be dead
silent when I'm making a video I can't
have like music on your background my
brother's screaming or the worst isn't
my brother and his is in his room and
he's like talking to like a friend or
something and you can hear him like
through the walls cuz he talks like ice
like he talks so loud and I don't know
it gets really mad gets me really mad
also another thing about me my brother
only for two thing is that you know all
boys like playing xbox and my brother's
one of those Cod players you know Call
of Duty or whatever or Gears of War I
don't know Hecky place but basically you
need to internet for that if you guys
know I'm ever playing xbox me like
internet to like play with friends and
stuff and when I'm making a YouTube
video I don't know why but like I use up
all the internet and my brother be like
oh my god are you making another youtube
video
I mean uploading other YouTube video
I'll be I'll be like yeah why and you'll
be like because the Internet is so slow
and he's like when you're gonna be done
and then I'm just kind of like I'm like
half an hour because it takes so long to
upload little videos and this thing is
what we gonna take like like 60 minutes
I think the longest video I've ever had
to wait to upload straight to YouTube
was like 80 minutes and then it didn't
work and then it didn't work again and
then I use upload to let the next day
I'm sober in this video like I don't
want to upload it it's too weird all
people are gonna comment and be like oh
yet why are you acting so different it's
honestly because I'm like like freaking
sweating in here and then it I'm like
I'm excited for the birthday party and
then I'm like sleepy cuz it's time to go
to bed for me and I'm totally just
zoning out oh my god this is security
video um yeah so that
my random update of the day if you if
you guys like these random videos
obviously I have to make them shorter
because this video is 11 minutes long
but if you guys sorry my crystal my hand
on the wall if you guys like these
random videos and if you don't comment
below cuz I want to know in okay yeah
sorry I'm so on topic in this video all
right out okay
Pindos dropped out in the ground I'll
see you guys around the video bye oh my
god okay ready for this I have this
story this little stool and this one leg
is like wait wait you can't see there
you go it's like loose and then my dad
made it tighter and then it caboose
again and I like fall every single time
I sit on this chair okay I seriously
have to going out right back Hey
