hey everyone so I just quickly wanted to
say happy halloween to all of you guys
and I'm sorry to make any halloween
tutorials this year but that's mainly
just because I didn't have a very good
quality camera but I will definitely be
making some next year so first off I'm
just going to show you guys my costume
so I am like a plumber construction type
of girl so I've got my hat I curled my
hair and then I've got this thin right
here this thing right here and it's like
skirts are just put skinny jeans and
hugs underneath it and then in the back
you can obviously tell that I have like
a constructions built like a rag can you
get out and stuff and then I've got
little um gloves so that is my halloween
costume I think it's kind of cool and
also I quickly want to show you guys my
decorations outside my house which
they're not really there's not really
that much but they're pretty cool so I
quickly show you guys so hold on a
second okay
it is so cold outside okay so first off
in the front I've got dry clown so yeah
he's pretty creepy and he's like
life-size then I got a pumpkin that I
card last night yesterday and it's
obviously a wolf it looks really cool
and you light it up I actually tweeted
that I was coming pumpkins and then I
have another one right here which is
just a regular one with the bow and then
right here I've got I don't know hand
sticking out from the bushes and yeah
that's about it for decoration and then
over here I'm always puts like masks on
these little things right here so we've
got a Chucky mask and then also in my
kitchen over here usually we have a mask
on the chef and my brother is actually
using it I think so we took it off but
it was like a really creepy clown and I
really did not like waking up to that
and they're so yeah I just have one
question for you guys it's gonna be
freezing outside and I have no idea what
kind of sweater to wear or like a jacket
like what's gonna look good with this I
have no idea but I'm going to quickly
upload this on right now after this i'm
just going to go straight to my friends
house to curl her hair and then we're
gonna get your training so it's gonna be
fun so i hope you guys have an awesome
halloween bye
