hey everyone so today I'm going to be
doing the best friend tag with of course
my best friend and this is Adriana if
you guys don't already know she's been
in some blog TVs she also is known as
Kevin's Cup it's kind of like an inside
joke between some people and this is my
little Adriana this is my little Claudio
yeah so we're just going to get right to
the questions I think we're going to
like add some to it just for fun okay so
the first one it one is in there down
here okay
how and when did you meet well um so
like my uncle delivered like both of us
so would you believe in friends since we
were born
basically yeah before we were like
before any diapers remember like
memories yeah so we're kind of like yeah
okay number two what's your favorite
memory together oh my god there's so
many it's so hard like cuz if you came
from so like little I remember we still
a brats like every single day we were
little we had like no lives yeah like I
would go to my aunt's house I tell my
mom that I want to go cuz my aunt Liz
like a house away from Claudia so I'd go
over there and then I'd come here and
probably play Polly Pockets my breaths
um and I don't know there's just like so
many I don't know I just hanging out you
know um we're so bad at this okay number
three describe each other in one word
trustworthy um if I like look at her the
first word I think of is like sister
because we're legit almost like sisters
like if I had a sister like this is how
she would act cuz you know like we have
like those like those were like retarded
like fights that random things yes it's
like yeah like something about like like
she would be like eating cereal or
something I'll be like oh my god you
choose so loud she'll be
you know what yeah we're getting like a
stupid fight down again like and my big
buddy
this yeah it's just kind of like family
fights yeah so yeah um number four
what's your dream job I want to be a
lawyer or something in business she's
really serious about it I don't know
what I want to be I want to be something
maybe to do with fashion or beauty or
actress or stuff like that I don't know
something like creative okay number five
what's your favorite makeup brand I
don't really have a favorite makeup
brand I just kind of use like whatever I
have so yeah and mine slowly I'm
starting to like Lancome or Lancome a
lot and I don't know what else I like I
mean I would say Mac but I don't really
have anything from Mac that I use but I
know their quality it sounds good yeah
and I also like Burt's Bees but that's
not my makeup that's more like skincare
and stuff like that no Burt's Bees okay
number six what is something that annoys
you about the other person let me start
here um she she chews I don't know what
what's wrong with her chewing but I just
like sometimes I'm just kind of like you
know what Adriana please and then I
don't know why and then also sometimes
at the lunch table like you know how
like people like move their feet when
they're sitting and then honey like
touches my knee and I like go insane um
I don't know how I'm trying think and
then and then sometimes you have like
stories that like make no sense and then
you kind of like that's cool yeah okay
so everything with Claudia is a race to
the lunchroom we go to our lockers in
her lockers closer
because we have our last period before
lunch together and her Locker is closer
and my lockers farther so and I have to
go to my locker once we meet like she's
always before me so I run up to her to
talk to her but when I get up to her she
runs away and it's a tasty lunch room
and we're always the first to down cuz
you want to get a good spot I mean you
don't want to be on the end but then you
don't want to be on with the other ends
you just kind of sit yeah so it's always
a race of Claudia kind of competitive
yeah yeah what is the next one number
seven if you could go anywhere in the
world together where would it be and why
London yes because we both want to
retire in London and London is just
awesome
it's very nice she actually went there
and someday we're gonna we're going to
go there um eight favorite inside jokes
alright so there's a lot there is
definitely like too much to remember but
I just know Jennifer's Body Jennifer's
Body
oh my headband since the queen bee and
then the others I don't know we have
like like ran my signs and yes some of
them do with boys and some of them have
to do with like random things so it's
kind of like there's like too many like
yeah just that even it's so hard I don't
know that's like I can't be put on the
spot like that like I don't know I can
never remember them within took those
will just come up yeah and then you'll
be like oh my god haha um number nine
who takes longer to get ready in the
morning definitely Claudia I legit take
like an hour and she takes like what
time do you wake up at I wake up at like
7:00 7:00 I would go up at like six
twelve very random timing but yeah I
don't know okay um number ten favorite
season fall or spring summer and winter
Oh God and then I like fall but I I hate
spring I mean it's not my favorite yeah
it's always rains and spring it does
rain but then again I like kind of like
green eyed okay okay number 11 favorite
song uh well I like only girl by Rihanna
um at the leg what's it called at the
moment I really like I think it's called
we are young by three oh wait it's like
303 or whatever you're mature you always
say that's it um but my all-time
favorite that I've always liked and I'll
never get sick up is here in your arms
bye what is it hello goodbye number 12
what is what is it like being best
friends with someone who is obsessed
with YouTube okay so see it's it's not
really bad like I like encourage her to
do videos and when she's slacking I'll
be like Claudia I make a video but it
puts sometimes it'll be like um she goes
home when we're like hanging now I have
to make a video and like it's the worst
timing ever so or like when we hang out
like sometimes she would just be on
YouTube checking her emails while I'm
telling her like a story and she I'll be
like so what do you think and she'll
just kind of not engine even hear the
story because she wasn't paying
attention
do you like having a friend who likes it
doesn't really bother me that much
okay um 13 flats or heels flats
definitely flats that only wear heels 14
pants or dresses I like a dresses better
but I wear I don't really wear dresses
yeah so like at the look yeah like I
love dresses but it's like I wear pants
a lot more than fancy so okay favorite
animal
do you want to guess each other yes so
yours is for sure a hundred percent
a panda and here is I'm a little iffy
about because one day it's like a moose
and next day it's a Jaguar yeah randomly
and then what else what else have been
you're like the mammals I've liked polar
bears ladder bears brown bears any type
of bear white tiger Heiser's white
tigers I love winter together so cute I
like any black-and-white animal same
like pandas penguins Polaris Claudia I
was obsessed with Panda last year I
remember Panda oh my god that's an
inside joke okay I get it okay you're
still are obsessed with Panda yeah okay
um where am I sixteen if your house is
burning down and your entire family was
sure to be okay what would you save and
why oh so it could be more than one okay
good I would definitely say my throw my
iPad and um I would uh probably my not
that definitely computer because you
know YouTube pretty important um like
photos like memories and stuff like
yearbooks and do I care about my cell
phone or my iPad yeah like like memory
stuff like pictures and your books and I
just do the basics say I would every go
cephus cell phone iPod 17 comedy-horror
or chick flick or definitely we are like
obsessive or lays obsessed yeah okay 18
Blackberry or iPhone iPhone
I would like I phones lot better than
blackberry so iPhone but I don't really
have either um
nineteen favorite movies The Strangers
the crazies - these are movies that we
like - yeah like both of us pretty much
like the same movies what movies issues
I can mean girls like chick flicks -
like John Tucker Must Die
what happens in Vegas yeah I'm also like
obsessed with avatar oh I love employee
of the mine poi the month she wants to
watch in my house like every day it gets
insane oh my god I watched on Sunday and
we watch this weekend and I was like are
you happy and I like the Dark Knight and
so I like action movies too but they
were poor memories MOBAs Human Centipede
never never watched that movie it is
disgusting like I'm not even going to
like just don't even describe it because
it just makes you wanna gag okay
xx what is something weird that you eat
I don't really know anything that is
that we heard it okay so I capers they
don't taste very good yeah she despises
them I think they're they're very salty
yes no sounds like now well I like
different mixtures accelerate with
peanut butter yeah
our lighting cheese and pretzels cream
cheese oh my god cheese and presently
bestnice I like s'mores as sparrows
doesn't we're that isn't good I hate
s'mores yeah oh see would you look at
that
mm-hmm yeah 21 do you guys have anything
matching okay so okay right now we're
just going to say yeah right now we have
the same jeans on
so dark jeans and we have gray shirts
right now and far life stuff we have
both see how I told you guys that we
like wearing bows it's like a thing or
what I asked and we we have the same
green majora secret pants both have two
perfuse supermodel of you know we have
this thing where like we'll be like okay
what is it of the day like we've
memorized each other sense so that yeah
I'd always be like what am I wearing
today supermodel 22 what's your favorite
TV show
pretty little liars Jersey Shore and
Keeping Up with the Kardashians okay so
I like Hellcats amazing Keeping Up with
the Kardashians those are like my top
two then I like Jersey Shore Desperate
Housewives
what were their other ones did I mention
any pretty little liars figure out of
that one good five was that I wasn't
counting so that's it so now we're just
going to have some other fun ones okay
so I'm just going to make these up um so
how how many times like how much do you
guys like hang out together we hang out
definitely like six seven seven days a
week because it's like Arnold like all
our friends just kind of hang out all
the time yeah so unless I like it unless
I randomly like say oh I got to make a
video and then I go home like I did
yesterday what do we like doing we hang
out horror movies definitely wait when
we were individually now are like with a
big group doesn't matter what more
individually we usually just like
chocolate today we had like our talk of
what we want to be when we grew up
eating coffee ice cream so that's it for
our tag so I'll see you guys in another
video bye
you
Oh
you
you
