every one so I don't really do flocks on
this channel that much of just me
sitting in front of the camera and
talking and I want to do more of that on
this channel because I kind of feel like
that's what this channel is made for so
yeah I actually wrote down a couple
things that I want to talk about because
what I've vlog that's like when I have
the biggest brain farts and I just kind
of forget about everything that I wanted
to talk about so I know what I'm going
to talk about in today's block okay so
first I just want to go off by saying
okay summer is almost done as most of
you know some of you guys even started
school already I haven't started yet my
school starts on August 23rd so I still
have a little bit of time a couple of
days weeks I don't know how many weeks
actually and I don't want to know how
many because that just scares me but um
yeah summer's almost over and honestly I
think that this summer was probably like
the best summer of my life so far like I
didn't really go on vacation or anything
but I think just so many things happen
this summer like when I think back it's
just crazy because I know I'm gonna
remember this summer so anyways I wanted
to get into talking about something that
I've been doing this summer well I kind
of just started but that is keeping a
journal I know that sounds daily like oh
my god Claudia you have a diary like
what the heck just come to think about
it like this summer was just so crazy
for me and like so many things changed
and I got like just a lot of things like
happened and I want to remember that
when I'm older so that when I'm a mom I
could be like relate to my child and
she's my age and stuff so I thought I
should keep a journal so this is it
yeah I'm covering it because this is my
name right there but basically one night
I was like okay I don't want to forget
all this like I just like I want to be
able to look back at this and like give
this my child and let her eat
and stuff and basically I just took this
notebook I just kind of user random like
notebook and it's basically what I do is
just under I feel like doing it I just
write about what I'm feeling what
happens I always say the date and like
the time and yeah like it's like it's
mainly about like boys you know and that
kind of stuff and drama and I write a
lot in this now there's names so I'm
gonna back up and show you guys because
I don't want you to find them living but
I just will show you guys how much I
write in here so you guys can't read it
but I write like about like two to three
pages of like things like in every entry
or whatever in my little journal thing
and even I think it's I think it's a
little ridiculous but I'm kind of happy
that I started doing this because like I
don't know it's really like even now
just looking back and reading it it's
like oh my god
I totally remember that like even like
if I reread it nowadays which is very
crazy so I really want to do that and I
recommend you guys doing that because
it's really fun to look back and like
know who you had a crush on fiood for
friends or like who's your friends back
then and that kind of stuff so yeah
that's basically one of the things that
I want to say is I definitely encourage
you guys to do that I'm gonna be doing
this try to do it all the way through
eighth grade and then start to high
school and stuff like that I think it's
like you I don't know because I don't
want to forget these things you know
it's like really sad to think that
you're probably gonna end up forgetting
like a lot by the time you're like a
mother you're not gonna even remember
like which summer is which like oh when
I had my first kiss wait what summer was
that like you know what I mean that kind
of things
so anyways on to a new topic and it's
kind of related is I made a blog and
yeah I was super excited I made it last
night and I think it's like cute it's
like taya and cool and the URL or
whatever my link will be in the downbar
but I don't even know if I'm gonna put
it here but it's like WWE mu T star dot
blog spot.com so that's pretty simple
for you guys
and so basically that blog is gonna be
like my public diary because that that's
why I wanted to put it in this order
like because it kinda has to do with
this like little journal thing of it
Jigga or whatever so I'm just gonna be
posting pictures up there of me and my
friends or things that I've done like I
kind of I don't want it to be that much
of a beauty blog like maybe I like put
up pictures of when I get a hall I like
take pictures of the stuff or new
clothes or whatever like I'll do that
too but I also just want to blog and
post things are just like random things
that are going on in my life and stuff
like that so that you guys can sort of
relate to me more and you know I could
keep you guys updated because it's kind
of like I think I'm good as like I'm
updating you guys like Twitter except
this you can like post pictures and make
it longer so it's not like a quick
little tweet you know so I'm super
excited about that blog I don't even
know what to expect on that thing so
yeah and also another thing that I want
to talk about is I'll all of you guys
have been asking room to our room to our
Klaudia room tour I want a room to our
oh my god you know and I want to make
one
I do trust me but I want to wait because
I want to redo my room a little bit and
it's no I'm not getting new furniture or
that kind of stuff but basically I just
kind of want to add things to my room
because ever since like last year the
theme that I wanted for my room is like
here I'll actually show you I kind of
like inspired it by a wrapping paper
thing
this star here upside down okay it looks
like that
so basically I want the theme of my room
to be black white and light blue and I
want to have like that kind of
chandelier theme and also like the
damask pattern which actually are my
bedsheets you can't really see like that
you know that's so basically I want to
get a carpet like a white one ice I
found this white carpet was like black
chandeliers on it there's like this wall
decal that I want it's like a black
chandelier sticker and just simple
things like that I really just want to
kind of redecorate my room just a little
bit and one time don't that then I'll
make a room tour and so that's kind of
like the theme of room so if you guys
are wondering in my room is definitely
not done I am not satisfied with it 100%
yet but so far I love where it's going
so the thing that like holds all of my
purses and that like little thing that's
actually for men's suits I'm gonna
spray-paint it black because I asked my
mom because it's gold and it doesn't
really match to my room I want to get
new lamps at least a new lamp I just
want one left my desk that thing I think
is perfect I got that night a while ago
I mean during Christmas because it's
black and I knew that that was the theme
in my room and also I just wanted to
give you guys a couple tips on because a
lot of you guys ask me like okay I'm
getting new room or whatever I want to
change my room like how do i redecorated
do you have any tips or whatever and me
personally what I do like one huge thing
that I do that definitely makes a
difference in my room is paint and I'm
not talking about paint on the walls or
anything like that but I think just the
simplest things definitely puts together
your room which I'm going to talk about
later which I'm going to show you guys
so hold on one second
alright so this is the first thing and I
painted this not even a week ago and as
you can see this is like the style that
I'm going for like the chandelier so
this is what I keep on that wall right
there that's what I keep so it's like
behind me so it looks to be bright but
it matches more to my room than it looks
like in this video but this is one of
things that I love doing is I love
painting pictures for my room and I have
a bunch up there that like a little
ceiling in my closet and you guys see
that in my room tour um later on but
here is one of things and I know that's
kind of tough because like it took a
while to paint this but even if you have
a friend that knows how to paint or
whatever or like I don't know but it's I
like doing that I think just that kind
of overall helps my room and another
thing and I actually did this this
morning is you can actually paint like
little furniture and stuff well this is
a picture frame so this used to be white
and it has roses and this morning I
painted it black because I need a little
bit more black in my room because I mean
like you can't really tell that my room
supposed to be blue and black yet it's
kind of like blue and white so I painted
this or just like regular like furniture
paint or whatever this morning randomly
I just decided well my mom was like out
at the food market or whatever but um
and I'm gonna put this on my desk which
is like the smallest things like this
really does make a difference like now
when I put on my desk it just it feels
like at home you guys know saying so
just little things like that picture
frames or both of these are like picture
frames and stuff like that can really
make a difference in your room so that's
what I really love doing and it's that
all that I want to talk about oh yeah
and also for decorating your room a
great tip or idea is pillows like little
decorative pillows which are really cute
and also um there's this website called
wake up for it Frankie calm and a lot of
their furniture and a lot of their
things and it was what like inspired me
to go with this whole like theme for my
room they have a lot of cute things and
I think I'm gonna make a blog about it
one day
showing you guys pictures of things from
their website that I want to get or that
I want to like think of my own or
whatever but I really love that website
it's just like a girls website for rooms
and all that junk and yeah I'm gonna
like that in there too but it's kind of
pricey and I haven't bought anything
from there yet and I've no idea if I
will be able to and we bill have to save
up for it but um some of that stuff is
really cute at that little online store
so yeah that's it for today's vlog
that's about it so some of you guys if
you like these I don't know what to name
them yet so I'm gonna have to think
about that because I want to make more
of these but that's it for today's
little vlog unnamed blog and I'll see
you guys for another video hopefully on
this channel because I kind of abandoned
this channel sorry okay bye
