Oh Erna looks kind of messy hey guys so
it is 8:30 8 a.m. right now and I don't
know why I woke up like this early but
uh my body just kind of woke up and I
thought that's perfect timing because I
know that my brother is still sleeping
and I'm pretty sure like my dad's gone
for Ag I have no idea and I don't even
know my mom is up here whatever but
basically I wanted to do this into my
footsteps video and you guys are gonna
be watching me like make my breakfasts
and stuff I don't know so you guys and
start to get a feel of what I do in the
morning and stuff our family doesn't
really eat breakfast together like at
all so if you're wondering yeah we
really like separate times because we
all wake up inside go to separate times
so let me just bring you guys down to
the kitchen
sorry it's so dark
turns this is my kitchen
okay and lately I've been trying to eat
trying to be eating a lot healthier
which I don't know if this is gonna help
at all but I'm gonna be making waffles
today which actually made last night so
I'm just gonna put on in the microwave
but I'm going to be making a smoothie
and um but I've been making smoothies a
lot lately and I don't really have a
secret ingredient I just kind of throw
it over I want and like blend it in this
thing and I know this blender is kind of
small
that's because our glass big one like
broke so I use this thing but that's
okay so I'll be right back with a bunch
of ingredients
I'll show you guys you'll see me mix it
up and then yeah so hey guys um so I got
all my stuff so first to show you guys
so I've got some cut like half
strawberries so I like five of those I
have a cut whole banana got some
raspberries some blueberry yogurt I'm
gonna put a little bit of pomegranate
juice and some lemonade and then I also
have crushed ice which I'm gonna bring
that out later so now I'm just gonna mix
all together around telling you guys I
do not like to follow any recipe at all
I just put whatever I have so that's
what I want to do today because I kind
of had like a lot of fruit today oh and
uh some peaches
whatever okay um but yes so now you guys
will just see me bun this all up
together so yeah
I love blueberry yogurt it's like my
favorite thing homeworlds
okay there were definite some
raspberries so I put one two three four
I hate it so loud I really like woke up
my brother right now
a little bit of this stuff it tastes
like grammar a news
and I'm also gonna add some ice so let
me go get that I don't know who it is
and our family number so sign that's
gonna be ringing for a long time I just
crushed up ice and this is six ice cubes
puts it's like crushed up so I'm just
gonna pour that in there and that's the
last thing that I put in my little
smoothie
you guys have no idea amazing smells
okay so now I'm gonna take this glass
it's been like a tradition of mine to
always use these kind of glasses so I'm
going to go ahead and pour it in now so
oh my god look at how amazing this ended
up being I'm not the lighting kinda
looks like it's purple but it's like a
baby pink it pays so good um I
definitely but I'm gonna put this in the
fridge cuz I'm gonna go ahead and like
heat up my waffles now but this is a
great like idea for breakfast time
during the summertime it's great to just
kind of chop up whatever you have so
definitely recommend you guys to in
smoothies because they're healthy they
taste amazing and it's just I don't know
it tastes really good so you guys should
do it so now I'm gonna go ahead and heat
up my waffles so let me just put this in
the fridge Turner just go ahead and get
our waffles
so here they're gonna go ahead take one
sorry this is like a really awkward
angle because my things down here well I
don't even know if I should I do like 50
seconds you know let's just do one
minute okay
get some syrup all right so this is the
finished product so I've got my smoothie
and my waffles and oh my god it looks so
good
I'm so hungry and I'm just like stopping
myself here by recording with you guys
but um yeah I'm not gonna show you guys
eating meaning cuz that's kind of weird
so I'll see you guys in a bit
bye
