sorry my morning off with some tag to do
and your help so just come out what's up
guys welcome back sup the events real
quick
today is Tuesday yesterday I got back
from Napa because I went to the bottle
rock music festival and it was so much
fun I'm spending a bunch of my day
editing that footage to create kind of
like a travel diary singing from the
main channel so you guys are just seeing
me do that but also I have a few things
coming in the main thing the first one
actually just got here and you guys are
sitting on it right now I did it's so
good so make sure you guys does that I
saw this is the keyattr table that I
showed you guys from West Elm and it
matches so well because the legs are
like a darker gray metal which goes with
the stove the metal railing over there
so I'm loving the darker legs loving the
marble top it's a little different than
this one but I'm actually okay with it
it helps add a little somethin'-somethin
I just threw together some random stuff
just to make it look pretty but yeah
this is now going to feel so much more
like a kitchen area now I just have to
figure out what kind of bar stools to
get my only dilemma is I want to get
four but I feel like if I get stools
with backings it might look weird to
have two on this side like I could
easily have two on that side and have it
really look like an island bar type of
area I do want four chairs because I'm
not buying a dining table and so I don't
know if I should just get like backless
our stools with two on each side
as previously mentioned I am going
through bottle rack foot Ã¤j-- and
seriously Ana's smiling she's going to
hate me for bidding this but it's
looking pretty cute throughout the video
I'm adding in a little yellow text
comments see you guys
that is almost show you oh my god you
guys Oh what does happen I'm so happy
okay so I sitting here making some
coffee the front gate called so figured
is another shipment but someone sent me
this gorgeous potted cacti plans what
Congrats on your new home Houston ring
party ASAP love your gleam BAM oh my god
you guys this is so cute everything else
that I put on this table let me just
switch this up real quick these are the
cutest flowers someone has ever sent me
oh my god I'm like these are gonna last
two like they can chill here they can
live you know oh my god about one hour
later I am almost done with this video
it's going to be a short video but I
just have so much footage and I'm
matching everything up to a song so how
the audio plays out with everything is
like super important but I'm having so
much fun with this video
keep looking hello oh yeah I'll come
down and help you okay my digester too
sexual
the bookshelves have arrived last night
also trying to open up the TV but it is
so heavy and you need help like putting
it on the stand so I'm actually going to
do that tonight because a few things are
going down eh
one of my greatest friend Stefan Argus
came out as VP today which is so
exciting I'll have it linked down below
I already heard all the songs so Stefan
is having a show tonight and I'll be
heading over with Drew and Rebekah but
they're going to stop by here first to
see the place because they haven't seen
yet so I'm going to ask them to help me
lift up the TV because I cannot do it
just this one person
so as you guys saw I went to the gym
makes lunch after that I cleaned up a
little bit I have some laundry running I
also headed over to Trader Joe's to get
some beverages for Drew and I I'm going
to use Casa migos tequila mixed in with
some fresh lemonade
some lucre fresh mint leaves and a
little lime don't worry about this big
guy we're gonna just use this little one
and definitely not drink all that just a
casual quick little drink I love being
able to do that and say that now that
I'm 21 but yeah I plan on having like a
cute little bar car I might put it right
there somewhere out here and just always
having beverages on deck for anyone that
wants a glass of something yeah I am
just getting some stuff in order if you
guys saw my last video on my main
channel then you heard me talk about
this whitening product and about the
user right now and I want to show you
guys how gross that looks when it's in
your mouth it's called my wife's secret
just coconut oil with activated charcoal
it's basically just a very gentle
natural way to whiten your teeth you
definitely have to get used to the
feeling of this in your mouth because
it's really goopy and weird but I'm go
hello me putting on my shoes as we're
about to go honey what do you think of
the play honestly I've seen better
I really thought logging it and it's in
Tokyo the park it's great yeah in an
apartment yeah if they never have to
move now
people
I love le dinners so what's been going
on guys we took a miracle of Pompeii
from the ginzu oh my god basically I've
been the worst lawyer but sevens show
was amazing he is just such a remote
he's so talented and oh my god fans just
like all of your photos so we just got
some dinner because we're very hungry
obviously I did not make it in time to
blog in it because I completely forgot
it's about 11:30 and I just got home
after dinner we just went over to a
friend's house and hung out and yeah it
was a very good night so a lot of people
that I haven't seen in quite some time
and by long time I mean like three weeks
max but that's a long time for me I hope
you guys enjoyed today's video model is
going to be a big day I kept my couch
tomorrow like very excited to that glad
to be vlogging again for you guys and
I'll see you next time bye
