what are your going to watch it ring too
much I don't know I don't know just say
like oh hello hello hello today has been
and will be an excellent day I could
feel it as you guys saw I woke up headed
over SoulCycle grab some smoothie now I
am back home I just got my TV brought
over so sure you guys die in a second
I'm very excited about that yeah I've
got a lot of work to do today but it's
all alright else fun work audition
prepping I'm going to film a video I
love my job okay
sorry I'm just like very happy today I'm
annoying okay so this might seem a
little extra but I got a 65 inch TV
because you know what this is a big
freaking wall I had to so yeah I got
this nice little fancy-schmancy TV as
well as this sound bar that will be
underneath it I feel like all of my past
few blogs have been like this is what I
purchased this is where I'm putting it
but I guess that is what a moving login
is I mean you guys seem to be enjoying
them so that makes me happy but but I'm
actually seeing a pause on the purchase
it is I pretty much got all my big stuff
I'm heading to San Francisco for bottle
rock or bottle rocket also it's a music
festival in Napa so I'm going to be
filming like a travel diary when I'm
there so it can be a little fancier so I
can put my main channel but once I come
back from that trip then everything will
start coming in the mail so couch table
counter table bookshelves all that stuff
so right now I'm just kind of chillin
living my life
I'm working so since I'm not purchasing
any more furniture or getting any other
things today's vlog I'm going to show
you guys a little more depth with how
I've been organizing like my bathroom
let me show you guys it's my fridge
because yesterday I had my first proper
I live alone grocery trip I'm actually
so excited
says now that I live alone like my
biggest thing as far as like eating
working out all that stuff I'm a huge
snacker when snacks are in the house I'm
going to eat them and living with three
people who have some metabolisms of
twelve-year-old boys not a good look for
me not a good thing I'm so I'm really
excited to finally just have like my own
food in my own kitchen and it's been
it's so easy to eat healthy you know
with my mom here like she kind of knew
that I want to start eating healthy and
stuff but now I'm just like full-blown
working out everyday to the gym here oh
my gosh so far this is what my process
of organization looks like so up here
we've got some lemons I want to start
drinking apple cider vinegar with water
in the morning because it's really good
for you coconut water some juices a
bunch of kombucha I'm obsessed with
lucre I drink so many every day on this
ledge we have some fruit I cut up some
of the strawberries from here and throw
em in here down here we just have some
left over from yesterday's dinner almond
milk
this drawer I'll be keeping my meat in
so I just have turkey bacon and chicken
breast over here I have my vegetables
that aren't greens so right now I just
have these sweet potatoes from chair
joes which if you guys haven't tried
these highly recommend
I hate baking potatoes I think it just
takes so long so these are packaged
already roasted but there's no other
ingredient besides sweet potatoes so
this might look gross and weird but
they're cut-up they're roasted and then
they just pack them up so all I do is
just warm them on the pan I've onions
mushrooms and then down here we have
some greens on the door I've eggs here
we have little cheese's and my mom got
sweet drops liquid stevia is this wine
or shampoo cling wine that's emcees
dressing scare up ketchup and hummus up
there I actually have not organized this
but I guess up here we have we got
frozen fruits they have this sampling at
Trader Joe's yesterday it's organic rice
cauliflower it tasted really damn good
all that's in here is organic
cauliflower and salt so I'm cool with
that
we got the sea potatoes that you guys
saw and then we have this seriously
sprouted no-salt-added bread and I
really like this one it actually comes
out really fluffy
mr. let's see what the pantry looks like
honestly there is no really organization
yet right now I'm doing some work in my
office too and can make kombucha
basically finalizing the thumbnail and
editing for the third moving blog and
printing out addition size I also
thought of a question that I want to ask
you guys so basically you know I
mentioned that I wanted the wallpaper on
this wall I'm just having trouble
finding black wallpaper like who knew
that black peel-and-stick wallpaper
would be so hard to find on the internet
but I don't I don't know the only ones
that I found are either way to patterns
or they're like super like high-gloss
and shiny and I'd rather have just like
a matte black like as if I painted the
wall but I don't actually want to paint
a wall so I could do a chalkboard
wallpaper but the thing with that is all
the chalkboard peel and stick wallpaper
that I'm finding is too small because
they're all designed to be like panels
or just to have like on your wall but
not the entire wall I can't really find
that but I feel like that'd probably be
my best option but also I'm trying to
think if I could do something a little
more exciting and busy it's basically
the colors of my apartment are going to
be very neutral gray silver tan brown
and then pops of green I plan on getting
like more plans and having kind of cool
tone in there so keeping that in mind
what I'm thinking is what is on this
wall I did like a crazy green wallpaper
right now the photo that I'm showing you
guys is a banana leaf pattern that I
found on Pinterest and I love it I think
it's so cool I just don't know if it
would be too busy I don't think those
are going to be in this office all that
would be over it is just a horizontal
mirror and then the pictures here and
leave this wall white so I feel like it
could work the only thing that's
starting me off is the carpet I wish
these tiles just didn't exist they say
we're playing I feel like you'd be a
dead giveaway I'd love to do that but
the carpet is throwing me off and so
that's why I'm like do I just go black
and do like a really classy black wall
because I do really love the look of
that let me know what you guys think
comment down below the last thing I want
to do is rush decorating this place
because you know sometimes you've got a
week to find the good
but I've also dedicated these few weeks
to be doing this just because my summer
is going to be a really crazy busy and
I'm not really going to do with the
focus on this and so that's why right
now I'm like so anyways let me know what
you guys think or if you find any other
like pattern wallpapers I'm down for
green any sort of nature black and white
tan neutral yeah if you guys see
anything is tweeted out to me I would
appreciate that so much my twitter is
just claudius whiskey so I was my
Instagram might as well plug well Matt
it just finished filming my main channel
video so I'm going to start importing
and editing that also I'm snacking on
this bar tell me if you guys have tried
these before there's barely any
ingredients in this which is nice
literally just dates egg whites cashews
almonds to cow cocoa peppermint oil and
sea salt and also working on the
strawberries also forgot to mention this
morning I woke up to a 600,000
subscribers on year which makes me so
happy
so thank you guys so much for
subscribing if you haven't already the
button is down there or you can go my
channel and do it but yeah that makes me
very excited because I love logging for
you guys I'll fry for those of you who
came here for the organization and
moving we're back on the subject let's
get to it
to show you guys how I've organized my
bathroom so far first off you've got
this mirror with a Ledge I've got some
facial toner that I get to try out some
lip balm toothbrush toothpaste when you
open this up you've got a cabinet which
I'm so happy about I'm just going to do
a slow pan if you guys want to see what
I have in here but yeah it's just all my
face washes your end toners serums the
packaging fall off of this one so it
looks weird but yeah I just got all of
my kind of everyday stuff over here we
have my makeup and moving bomb and my
coconut oil hand soap soap for my beauty
blenders because I'm a germ freak and
I've washed them way too often then
going into these three drawers they are
shaped very funny but I think it's to
avoid like the pipes and stuff but also
it's kind of helped to keep things like
separated so I'm kind of down with it
over here to the right we've got
most of my oral products so like floss
whitening stuff I talked about this in
my new video that I've filmed today so
you don't see that bad to go stuff tools
cotton rounds here I've got my q-tips
feminine products I just kind of throw
those because you can't really keep that
organized then over here we've got more
face products stuff I've yet to try face
masks more cotton rounds micellar water
like smaller travel stuff and then these
are all of my face masks as you can see
we've got all of my fresh ones some glam
glow these are all like little sheet
masks some that I get to open up and
then in the last drawer here this is
kind of like my body product drawer so
over here we've got all of my
self-tanning products so there's quite a
few I love this spray moisturizer it's
so easy to use and you want to like
moisturize your legs and stuff I've got
all my tanning mix some screen was it's
called again IPL system it's like laser
hair at home this little bin has all of
my nail tools and now polish going into
the shower over here the first thing
you'll see is my little splash tune
speaker from Drew and then I built this
little corner organizer and I saw this
in the last vlog and I'm so obsessed
down here we've got like a little folder
for my razor body wash up here you've
got more specific like face stuff I love
brushing my teeth in the shower so yes
they do have an extra toothbrush and
toothpaste I like to do when I'm like
waiting for my conditioner to set in
I've got my sugar face polish I'm
obsessed with this stuff when I'm trying
to like exfoliate my face face wash a
little face brush up here we've got the
shampoo and conditioner I'm using right
now and then up here there are little
towel racks but I just placed an
exfoliating glove look so funny but it's
really good for taking off your
self-tanner and it's like little soap
exfoliator thing
and yeah that is the organization in the
shower I might go up to the roof because
I just need to like get out of the house
I feel like I've been indoors all day
then I actually texted Lucas you guys
know Lucas I invited him over tonight
check out the place and workout because
we like to work out together we used to
do it all the time
in New Mexico while we're on set like we
would just go to the hotel gym together
I think we're trying to work out and
like 10:00 p.m. or something also I just
need like human interaction it's gonna
be really interesting to see if I start
to get lonely I don't know yet because
I've lived with people all my life so
we'll see I don't know today's my first
day of just waking up and falling asleep
alone and I haven't really seen anyone
today besides like going to SoulCycle so
yeah hopefully Lucas comes over I've
noticed it's actually been easier for me
to be productive and work on stuff but
maybe also because I now have like a
separate bedroom and in office so when
I'm into office I'm like alright time to
work I don't know I don't know what it
is but it feels good I feel like I've
already kind of started living here with
like a good mindset and the lifestyle
and so I just hope that it continues I
mean I know it well but like if it feels
good to like know that it's already
kicking in and I'm feeling good I'm
eating good all that stuff all right I'm
gonna shut up I feel like I'm just
Louella this always happens
oh wait oh okay why are you loving it
just let me do my thing okay this always
freaking happens the second I'm like
with somebody and we're having fun I
just get so consumed in life and I
forget to floss or drive live Oh
oh my god you guys you haven't been on
my channel in quite like a year oh my
god I miss you so I look a little crazy
I don't know they ever saw you with dark
hair uh no you stop talking to me that
favor
oh look that's a lie is such a lot of
fun trip it was um that was my email
face
yeah Dyneema moment in a moment okay so
what have we been doing what's been
going right now yeah
yeah way to go way too many you've got
to auditions I have foreseen but the
thing that you're auditioning for
tomorrow I know yeah I call Claudia
because I want some help running lines
is a great friend would do and I get
here and she tells me what do you think
you watching thank you much I don't know
I don't know if you want to say like to
say um so a knock on room I'm revealing
too much qualities going to put it on it
I'm going to do this normal exactly so
you get here and I'm like okay what are
the scenes what are the auditions and
you say the project name and I go oh
well I'm literally the other character
that you should be meeting with so this
is crazy also your boyfriend fingers
crossed but that was like a very funny
moment was like oh my god I hope so
hmm and then yes we've been doing that
for too long what are we doing now uh
we're doing an ab workout complete the
actor night without getting the body
I'll check for you know of course you
got it and I have this great girl about
Pam have a great body really inspired us
like word for word he goes oh love it
also she's hot and I go I love when
they're hot in the infantry I want to it
I also just changed into shorts
literally to do this right now 10-minute
ab workout is really too hard oh she
thought I want you to stay with her oh
I'm ready for it ready for this yeah
let's do it rescue it are you kidding me
we're for three minutes in and we're
talking to him we're going to do this
summer is coming up crazy but she's
insane letters dick
this is my bag
Oh extra credit you know this cut that
button no okay
if you do it with crossovers they hope
like those lines that go to your piece
no way to be like oh who woulda thought
you can hit this money this quick so I
like it it's like nine minutes wrap it
up much thanks ray hours oh geez one
minute
finishing come on that is straight-up
sweat on my forehead play our work hard
road with perhaps a hard summer 17 I
forgot to film my last clip while I
still had makeup on so here we are
through so good saying Lucas we live so
close to each other now whatever guys
enjoy today's vlog and I'll see you guys
very soon right
