what's the plan today mom goodbye couch
to our Tibet Assam lighting my trail -
bye
contr table oh my god
obviously you guys can see we made a pit
stop at our ex home basically I dumped a
lot of stuff that I didn't want like out
in the hallway so I wanted to come back
back in the room put it all in my room
and deal with all this like next week or
something basically I just really wanted
a fresh start with my new plays before
coming here we went to the room and
bored right when they opened at 11:00
a.m. I found my couch a bar cart and my
coffee table and so I already purchased
those I didn't want to show the couch
because I'd rather you guys see it in my
place and also there was like a family
for just sitting on it the whole time
and it would just would have been weird
if I try flogging it my mom isn't
convinced that this would look so
perfect in my place so I'm about to go
prove a point right now this chair I own
beautiful this you have Carla yeah that
literally is perfect possibly thinking
about these pots because I'm trying to
figure out different possible Clanton's
and I really like this one and here we
have the counter table that we're going
to put in the kitchen I think she's
perfect yes we just got home we don't
have like pan covers yet so we're using
foil but I've got some chicken I've got
some little sweet potato wedges and
spinach action going on these sweet
potato wedges I actually got from the
frozen section roasted organic sweet
potato slices with sea salt and olive
oil and that's all that's really in
there so pretty dang healthy I added a
little bit of olive oil to dampen the
spinach and just a few different
seasonings and so that is going to be my
meal so I'm currently editing the vlog
footage I just started and it's looking
so cute it's getting really
my papa sleep she's just sleeping right
in front of the window Oh what is this
I'm jus energy - you're killing me
Cheers guys it's coca-cola
but I never do this you put any in here
I can smell it oh my god just to spice
up you feel oh my god this is so strong
no thank you
I wanted just coke yeah oh it's about
10:00 p.m. I just edited two moving
blocks the first to write on it was a
gym do I want to not necessarily but
we're doing it anyways because we used
to have it all time we thought we knew
what it alone done it is
11:20 p.m. about to head to bed I
quickly just showered my mom's are
sleeping one is all about this real
quick a month or two ago with this brand
Qatari sent me a few of their products
and they're all coconut based super like
natural very few ingredients the first
product that I started using the really
liked was their coconut rose toner I
just sprayed all my face like before or
after makeup today I tried their coconut
melts and first language is basically
just a giant jar coconut oil but they're
very like specific with where they pull
their coconut oil from and there's a lot
of info about how this
so much better than like your kitchen
coconut oil i slathered it all of that
body and that is on my facebook so
greasy yeah I'm going to end the vlog
here because I'm super dead and tired
oh well flogging so fun back
oh I'm sweaty
another day another shopping another
shopping unit trip adventure ed
exhausted oh my god well you didn't just
freaking bring out the sound system and
vacuum up because I'm all done you young
today woke up I did some work our first
stop was got to play oh yeah
I am to get a piercing pic oh and then
we went to Best Buy I guess I said I
low-key one is one of these vacuums
inning a very long time the dyson ball
multi floor - i want to get something
that would work for both wood and carpet
since i have both of those and seems
like the greatest fit I'm excited I need
a vacuum these cords you can't tell but
there's a lot of like paper shreds and
crumbs all over the place we also
stopped by the Container Store and I got
this little corner organizer for the
shower there are no like shelves in
there so this would be nice I got a
simple little 10 tear shoe rack these
I'm really excited about their picture
frame ledges because I wanted to have
like a collage wall right here but you
know everyone does those and I kind of
want to mix it up and do something
that's unexpected so I'm going to have
like picture frame rod there picture
frame like ledge there so they're going
to be like kind of like that and then
I'm just going to lay all of my
different pictures and stuff like that
oh and then I don't think I even brought
this up but yeah I'm going to have it
super simple just pictures there and
then on this wall I actually want to get
some sort of wallpaper right now I'm
thinking of just getting black plain
black wallpaper because I don't really
want to paint the walls I'd rather just
use like removable wallpaper and I'm
going to do black wallpaper or some sort
of simple pattern I'm not sure yet and
then I'm just going to
have a mirror right back there just keep
it simple so mere ledges with pictures
that's a plan
we got some little wine bottle stoppers
two little organizers for the bathroom
this looks so cool I'm going to pull it
out for you guys but it's a magnetic
bamboo board to store your knives I got
these little rubber glass food
containers three different sizes some
command tape little belt seat four
different furniture a nice toilet
cleaner and this cute little hanger to
hang my belts on let's open up this
thing oh look at that magic not too
close oh my god did you see that almost
fingers like oh yeah that looks cool I
like that we're about to make some late
lunch we've got some zucchini some
mushrooms my mom's got to cook up some
salmon and shrimp and I can we show them
what's in there do you have onions
onions and I'm gonna I managed to build
a couple things clean things up while my
mom made our masterpiece look at where
we're eating this is so funny this looks
so good what why don't you don't at all
I mean if you say so I guess I'll say a
chair guys so I just vacuumed my place
and now for the moment that I've been
waiting for I told myself I get a
Swiffer WetJet when I got my own place
and oh my god I did not disappoint
myself this is so much fun
so that is it for today's vlog and if
you guys enjoyed it if you're enjoying
these men like this video let me know
leave a comment I'll see them soon
