for those of you wondering that song is
a scream by new young pony club it is a
new day hello we started off the day
very early come on just walk past and
winked at me are you hitting on me we
went to the DMV at 9:00 a.m. your girl
just got a cali license well i have to
wait for it to come into the mountain
but i took the test and i pass or spot
on the entire world i literally look
like I'm 40 kilo shopton I was so
drugged and good funny but I also feel
like nobody's ID photos ever look like
themselves is it gay it's cool it's
factually took care of that that only
took an hour thank goodness right now
I'm finally finishing up the haul I've
been like editing all weekend basically
just been hard like it's just I like
forgot how much time moving takes and
there's still so much that needs to be
organized and moved around and we
haven't even purchased anything like
where we're living off of like two forks
and two screws right now and it's not
cool so I am working on this video
internet comes at 4 p.m. so it will be
up today that is the day so far we've
got some vegetables
we're snacking healthy snack all right
you guys we've made a bunch of progress
and I want to show you before we head
over to Crate and Barrel we are finally
getting pans plates wet why I think
finally like as if it's been so long
like this is literally the first morning
in my place but we're getting it done
quickly I was so happy to see that my
little hamper would fit so perfectly
right there so I think that's probably
going to stay there and unless I find
something cooler but yeah I pretty much
finished up with the jewelry and I'm
storing all my purses and backpacks in
there this is still a mess I definitely
all my water oh hey there it's
definitely still unorganized but I want
to get shelving on this like this little
area right here for like my socks
underwear bras all that stuff and then I
think I'm also going to need either like
a lower dresser here or possibly
something in the corner here for like my
PJs and sweat this is very temporary but
I just kind of organized my make
because this morning it was very
difficult look at just how how am I
gonna organize no I'm more excited to
show the downstairs for you guys because
it is looking so good so right here we
put this little table it's the perfect
cute little like wall that's just going
to be like a little little sang desk
nothing new we just cleaned it so
everything just looks a lot nicer and
polished and my mom did a bunch of this
so I have to thank her we've still got
to like clean some appliances but we've
got a lot of it down I know there's like
a lot of marble going on this is
probably not going to stay here maybe
but we did get this yesterday at Target
and it's like a little white marble
Calif engi and I'm super into it so
that's cool my mom does this back at her
home but we started it at our house and
had it in this like big jar thing and so
I was able to grab these and continue
the collection and we put in this cute
little glass container that's what it's
looking like right now it's been a very
interesting morning for me because not
only fast are my period but I also
realized that like over the past year I
haven't been a very like environmental
person whether from here so if I were
you miss messy and it looks bad then I'm
unproductive and I feel like growth so
like having everything all my stuff like
in boxes all over the place not knowing
where everything is has been very
stressful and it's been weird and having
like panicky moments from like oh my god
but also like my mom's like calm down
Claudio you put in here for a day like
we've done perfect which is true oh my
god now that things are like becoming
organized I feel so like this cosmic
video we are at cratenbarrel we're
upstairs right now we're all like the
furniture is and we just picked out some
plates and some bowls I'll show you
those when we get home you can make your
own rug this might be the ticket that's
really so no and all does okay nevermind
this is a cool rug the only thing is
it's not really cozy or inviting it's
more pretty than it is functional I want
to make sure that it doesn't shed no no
no-no-no by Lala what did you get like
always I feel like you get the same meal
everywhere we go
I got a little salad with some salmon
we're at the Grove right now we got our
good and absent back home how many times
what I'm going to change your outfit
today I don't know I think I'm in like
an outfit number four
I just i thrown the honey things a
little cold in here but let me show you
guys what we got some cratenbarrel for
starters I got this little shelving unit
so I'm pretty sure Lauren actually owns
this and I think she might have her hum
things on this so we're going to say
that I'm inspired by Lauren with this
one but I thought it was so cute tied
together in this little area so I just
got like my little Keurig right here and
then my vitamins and stuff I don't know
nothing is permanent let me show you
guys the plates we got so this is what I
like to call a blade a bowl plate we
just got four of these because a lot of
my meals include like some sort of
proteins like rice or quinoa and veggies
or big salads and so having a lower bowl
like this is going to be great and then
I also got some more little utensils my
mom and I were just saying how sexy
these are with a little stainless steel
so I'm going to wash those and throw
them in there I'm going to unpack the
rest of this and show you guys oh my god
and that is the Internet thank God I
showed you guys these little lower bowls
so we also just got regular a large
plates and these little bowls look at
how cute and small it is the only time I
ever use a bowl is like for cereal or
oatmeal or little acai bowls and so it's
the perfect little size ah
anyways we got those and then also I got
this little serving dish thought I was
cute I don't know we're keeping it
simple
good morning everyone today as you guys
saw I started my day off at the gym
she's doing her makeup right for the
window I mean honestly the best lighting
ever better than up their eyes first
right now we're going to head over to a
gleam of course always I hope you things
that I want to pick up and then also I
want my mom to meet everyone because
you've never met anyone from Glee have
you no no no oh my god it's so excited I
know I'm coming we're at the gleam
office my mom finally met everyone
I don't can you learn some among you
guys I'm officially an adult I'm getting
my first house plants oh my god actually
two of them this one doesn't need a lot
of Sun so it could literally go in a
bathroom and then we are getting a fig
tree fig leaves what do they call sick
tree sick leaves and this is another
that way then they're creeping she's
turning cold co-op not just video it's
going to kill you this is a really nice
plant I'm real happy about it also the
smell at home people are renting my dad
somewhere happy okay this is the setup
here we go it all worked out we're great
we're fine should we have that being
held or will be thought perfect
it's 6:30 and we are finally heading
home oh my god so tired it might be a
lot to call us interior designers but
guys we are being so innovative with
trying to plan out what what we need to
get produced face oh my god this is so
funny wait let me close the curtains for
privacy
what oh my god the light falls perfectly
ours ours so this is like coffee table
we're thinking this chair will be into
dancing on the coffee table the chair is
going to be there so like how a coffee
table great chair our cute little tree
over here we're going to have okay
whoa the echo
we're going to have glass bookshelf with
metal beams yeah right there and then
Media Console and TV yeah I think that's
the move oh and then behind the couch
what we're thinking of doing we're going
to get two giant ass mirrors and just
have them like leaning against the wall
right there right here we're going to
have a counter table which is basically
a little bit higher it's going to act
like a little little island I didn't
show you guys this but last night we
went to TJ Maxx and we got so many
things this being one of them it's an
electric kettle I just used it that's
why it's all foggy we've got some really
nice pans everything is like black and
silver TJ Maxx is where it's at like I
bought so much and the total was what
like $200 I bought so much I got shampoo
conditioner all these fast things hands
oh I got a toaster like so many things
and it was like 200 total oh yeah oh my
god we got these cups six cups really
sick all of them were seven dollars
total they're basically a dollar each my
mom goes okay well like let's just leave
it like this and she sits down she's
like where I'm sitting in your living
room and so I am just sitting on my
couch Wow the mirror is that great cool
then I don't really have to worry about
these walls second vlog in a row where
Claudia doesn't film or outro that is it
for today's vlog and if you guys enjoyed
it and I'm seeing a piece
