yeah okay what's up new camera or this
I'm going to be vlogging basically my
entire week because it's gonna be a
crazy one it's going to be very fun
right now I am actually going to head
over to the airport to pick up my mom
she's going to be in town viata we all
love Fionna is so excited to be with her
for the week
I guess the bigger news is that I am
moving and that's why I'm so excited to
vlog these next few days I'm going to be
bringing you guys along for my furniture
shopping you guys will get the first
look at my new place it is so cute I'm
so excited we got to go pick up my mama
she landed that's the thing that's
what's going down let's just all right
so as my mom just called herself a Queen
that's a go look at this jacket guys can
show it off show it off damn mom we have
a lot to do today a lot you have to
change you sweat enough enough
Plastics my mom always coming in with
the fruity champagne we've got all of
the boxes all of the beverages and all
of its like delicate stuff that I'm
starting to collect our here needs a job
I'm helping you with that right now
basically we need to put on like
in-between clothes and I'm like putting
them in like bags except like this it
just helps to um you know easier moving
and I'm starting to bring out clothes
that aren't going to be on hangers that
I can pack within these boxes so I'm not
realizing until now but I have a lot of
shit oh I think we've started packing
some stuff so a lot of these boxes
already packed last night and my mom was
able to pack all the decor and clothes
and stuff in there you've got things
here things here and it is just a mess
everywhere keep in mind this place was
spotless right before I started packing
up so I don't know how that happened
quick Alfa change a little fancier a
little more fitted right now I'm heading
over to a meeting it's about a project
that I'm going to start shooting in June
it's actually the reason why I have to
move so soon but I probably can't say
anything other than that but yeah I'm
meeting with the Brewster director on
something that will be coming up in the
very near future
so we got to go it's about 6:00 p.m. I'm
racing home to continue to pack but poor
mom is just like been waiting for two
hours what have you been up to huh we've
got a lot done I'm not too stressed
because technically we still have this
house until July 1st so even if I forget
a few things or we can't completely
finish packing a oh my god it really is
the last night so weird so weird guys
is over you put together feeling years
in time great years and two really
really great here's my mom's pretty much
already passed out we've got all of this
stuff he's got a lot of things that
still need to be taped up packed up the
moving company is bringing those
wardrobe boxes so I'm actually going to
leave most of my stuff on the actual
hangers and just have them deal with
that yeah the bathroom is pretty much
packed up there's just random stuff
laying out that I still need to use in
the morning and now we edit items a hall
last week that I haven't finished
anything because it took me a second to
get the try on shot because like what's
a hall that isn't Tryon you know I feel
like that's almost like an expectation
at this point but that is what I'm
wearing right good morning everyone
it is moving day and I'm sweating we've
got our truck and we're starting to add
some things in there and then I've also
been filling up my car with smaller
personal stuff the cars packed up we're
ready to go oh my gosh
where are we going we're going home
Yahoo oh my god you guys we just
unloaded everything from the car and the
movers still have a few boxes that
they're going to be bringing in here is
a first look at the place so it's a
two-story loft and obviously this is
going to be the living area we have so
much to unload this is going to be like
a little office area once we get
everything into place a little bit more
I'm going to give you guys a better look
it's been a few hours we've tackled so
many things oh we've been wearing the
same clothes for like 48 hours no it's
good my mom is doing a bunch of laundry
so thank you for that we're getting like
all the sheets wash all the towels I've
been doing a lot of organizing actually
I've been taking care of some work stuff
calling the internet spills kind of
stuff like that this is a friggin mess
right now we did go to Target and get a
bunch of cleaning supplies and we're
going to start washing some stuff show
you guys what's in the fridge right now
good old lacrosse lots of that and some
alcohol and raspberries and that's about
all you need in here I'm starting to
organize my snacks my tea matcha coffee
also thanks freaking God this fridge is
magnetic that's going to be great I'm
going to have fun with that let's go
upstairs
obviously nothing is set in stone but
we're starting to place everything I'm
pretty sure I'm going to set up my
makeup right here because the lighting
is just so good in the morning time but
I think this is actually going to go
right here in front of my bed and I'm
going to get like a nice makeup vanity
or something I don't know guys I'm still
figuring it out like it's just like it's
just awkward there's just so much I got
to figure it out when you look over this
way you've got this little organizing
cabinet area which is so great so right
now I'm just organizing all my jewelry
so I've got my rings and my choker is
laid out and this is going to be so nice
for getting ready and then up
I'm going to have additional jewelry and
then my perfume in the middle I'm going
to start storing some like makeup bags
and traveling up there and I'm thinking
down here I'm just going to throw a
bunch of like purses and backpacks
because I think this is kind of like the
last you know touch-ups kind of area
over here to the right we've got the
closet and I have no idea how I'm going
to organize this area but the good thing
is that all of these like installments
are from The Container Store so I can
actually purchase like different
shelving and more rods and bars and
whatever and kind of figure that out
this is the bathroom so I've just been
organizing all my little products in
here and so that's cute and then yeah
I've got like a walk-in shower up here
just nice because we have the bathtub
downstairs the way that I'm organizing
my bathrooms because I have two and I
feel like I got it both of them you know
even though technically the downstairs
one is going to be like the guest
bathroom whatever but I think what I'm
going to do is have like my face
products and my body like lotion
self-tanner face products like teeth
brushing all of that is going to be up
here and then I'm gonna have my makeup
over here in my like actual room and
then all of my hair products like hair
spray tools all that stuff I think I'm
going to leave that downstairs and just
have that like the hair area future
editing Claudia come in here to
apologize for not filming an outro or
any other footage but that is all the
footage that I got for my first moving
day basically we just moved around a
bunch of stuff and pass right out so
what my next vlog will begin at the
shopping the furniture all of that
amazing goodness and I think I've
enjoyed my first moving vlog of this
journey journey this is I cringe every
time anyone uses that word like how can
you use the word journey without
sounding so cliche I don't know anyways
thanks guys for watching be sure to
subscribe like this video if you're
enjoying these and I'm so excited to see
what you guys have to say I
