good morning everyone
hello it is so bright in as fast as the
Sun isn't even out yet guys it's like
5:00 a.m. I landed at like 8:00 p.m.
last night checked in the hotel box now
I'm going to show you guys what it looks
like when the Sun is out about to
plummet makeups my hair all that stuff
today is going to be the craziest day
for me lots of shooting I wish I was
kidding but straight up this is what I'm
wearing is that just finish my hair and
makeup this is what we're working with
just a natural look we need to have
something about for a few minutes like I
know we hang out are you kidding me are
you kidding me oh my god nice work cuz
you know you're not sure we just showed
up for our first location not sure what
this is is this a house isn't that
really nice whoa that's deep right oh my
god I hate you
this is so gorgeous what's up hello we
finished with our insure shot now we can
better when you set up we won
in a few hours you just arrived to our
next location and it is in the organic
farm and I'm so excited
wait which clip was quit which clip I'm
not sure if you guys are ever curious
what a mango tree looks like
hello little lemming I just touched the
spiderweb and this is how you do
Instagram right I'm stunned guys come on
wear it where all the way up there
they're just like really hashing it
alright now I want to get involved we
just have day one we're at this
beautiful Botanical Garden it looks very
like jungle e back there but I couldn't
film any of it because we were on camera
the whole timing so this clunky g7x
tripod thing not a good look
day one has been a success most of the
filming is done I'm tired and I'm
calling for backup the hotel it's like
BPM we are currently in the hotel rub a
lovely rub you know so Robbie when they
put our be funny funny thing and also
I'm going to teach you guys the trick
was amazing we're just so okay oh I know
one day yes anyways we haven't eaten
dinner yet
we're like okay let's go to the hotel
shower with sweaty work growth work
dirty and just eat at the hotel right
and so we watched on the lobby we make
initiation or whatever we sit at the
table we look at the menu every single
item was like seventy dollars in the
range from like 15 to like 90 I'm sorry
but I am NOT trying to spend that much
money on a single point of food I hate
confrontation I hate like just doing
this kind of stuff but yeah I was just
like
no waivers it's like I know it's not
worth it so here's what we did we called
each other so I dipped out for it
because I couldn't handle the
confrontation if they noticed so we both
left but I like one on the phone and I
was like high school out in here like
hold on a second it's to walk throats of
run does and then Liana followed after
like a few minutes later and we kind of
basically just signed in - but not
really because we didn't like anything I
didn't even think it's a bit of water so
yeah so we're good
you guys look at this so Q or at the
beach right now and they're just walking
past us we open the dock
so we on are just enjoying some someone
this fellow joins us introduce yourself
our drama is Johnny and we're having a
great conversation I was going to set
this down
oh wait I was I did tripods like holy no
I do
oh my God look at this Johnny swooping
in he has a tripod within its tripod
personal that's a front door for free
it's normally screws onto the strength
part of Nick I wish I showed you guys
are pokeball and my surprise they're
gone now
but we're a team no people tell people
yeah come on arrives when you're here
guys this conversation has just reached
so many interesting levels I keep
pulling out the cameras the worst times
I'm also crying because Kimmy real
emotional love these people
noting that these segues for this camera
was me fingers in my thinking oh yeah I
learned a new term today bang bang
that's a thing that's pretty popular
breakfast before I think about it
definitely yeah well it's the internet
keep i I make you play with that troll
yeah two L's later I don't even know
what groups are right now I'm going
bananas
okay now we're playing next should we go
again some other time like pinochle
again he goes in to neck that was good
okay okay okay it's getting very easy
oh it's Matt wait Mingo one you eat so
much fruit you should know more you
should know in like
name haha you see me now why don't we
still know what so a viewers down think
about your also evil from yesterday what
did we use coconut paya huh you're a
pile of
oh we are on the beach right now Liana
next race and we're jumping on top of
each other we just filmed a few things
that we needed to get taken care of and
of course this wedding stuff here we go
here we go I'll just walk backwards for
you guys with really exciting plans
we're going to the gym and then we're
going to eat it right are you trying to
go this high literally this with your
body don't think we need to go to gym
anymore
oh good morning guys good morning
everybody it's like I needed to put more
energy into that one oh my god you
hungry so losing so hungry
Liana and I woke up at 6:30 well barely
6 6 a.m. by 45 5 45 voluntarily to go
watch the sunrise take some bikini pics
iesous skin Instagram and now we're
going to eat some breakfast we're going
to eat for the first time in their lives
and they have a buffet guys and it looks
drew once I put these pants on I talk
like a boy I just feel like a little boy
you know all the things would play out
of a thing follow me right this way
oh the bouquet yes
okay welcome peloton here we have a lot
to help you far and we have a great
panoramic view of the mouth it looks big
I don't believe it never go to the right
this restaurant way too special then
they're done that don't want to go back
to since then we goes here and the same
if the unit is the way I don't know how
much information all of it I hope I'm
recording on you so rest of the things
we got - lobby literally already rien
activist yes like you comin up
I leave my sugar options we all have one
Oh
oh so much Olmo denote this is reminding
me of get out so you can get out oh my
god through a lady like hypnotizes
everyone with the clink of like Ceylon
glass you you are going to be my slave
Liana just let me off here we have
course one yeah
here we've got course number two in case
you guys were here is probably not I was
going to thank you for the road that is
here for the universe thing like Chanel
Claudia
every time I pull the kill because it
gets scared yes I'm terrified
oh I was better about are you sure was
better like the recess yeah
why do you guys watch her like a comic
this let me drive this vlog you've ever
put absolutely we're here we're back at
the crib I'm feeling inspired they told
me I followed too many people know about
that unfollow even four people on the
screen I'm just saying I'm just saying
I'm not bowling I'm not following all of
you we just can grasp we're back at the
house for kind of chillin like a plan
awesome plan right I'm excited I'm
excited you guys I leave tomorrow it so
sad it's been a really great week
yes I might lose at this point oh yeah
and I'm like you guys really enjoy Tom I
don't I don't like glory Longford I'm
sorry guys on our way back home we're in
a station what are these little pods
very cool guys what is this this is a
footrest this is a fortress
this is good we're chillin I think quite
basically this is amazing where is the
TV though that's what I'm wondering
oh my god is it here what's the real
problem wait and click the button
where wait is that is that are very much
anyway I don't want I want I want we're
looking the back rows you know no long
I'll let you know exactly two years I
know we're complaining in our spaceship
all right shoving our bags into this
tiny little under haircut I really don't
think you know take the pill I think
this is good and you just yes like that
and you put your feet right there oh my
god goal two golden okay guys Hawaiian
Airlines state pocket and hitter you got
I don't want to do this how do we do
this so we're here oh we're like
literally scouting this entire thing
yeah wow so you're gonna lose your arm
we can see how it does versus our
security result like how did you manage
it obviously push it down if you think
if here you go is like sure we're not
just like hug each other
