listening to some calming music what's
up guys welcome back to my channel I
just worked out with my trainer take a
shower I'm about to put some makeup on
so that you know a little more
presentable and I'm really excited to
take you guys along with my day today
because I've been having like the
greatest week ever and last night I
received this from Make Up For Ever you
guys know the Ultra HD foundation is my
favorite in the entire world and whoop
oh oh oh god it's got what happened to
me oh I'm so sorry this is my heaven
right here oh my freaking God these are
my favorite foundations I have never
used these little concealers before so
I'm really excited for those and then
also they came out with more products in
the ultra HD line this hydration serum
sang some lift boosters more of the
stick foundations or different shades
which is so sick love you so much I'm
sorry this is like not really focus
powders oh this is my way no it's not
yeah this is this entire lace is my
night that's my car I'll just I'll take
this tie my gosh yeah okay we're going
to Ralph because um good old Ralphie's
our maintenance man is coming today and
we need to do a little house clean up so
we need to get to supplies
yes also I think I'm going to pick up
some bananas I thought I was sick I
thought I was picking up the bananas you
know stupid
what I wanted that one
which funds are you thinking me too
today it's just been really weird it's
like every person yeah it's like persons
we put these sweaters on we've just been
like doing the same thing what do you
want to see from us
I've seen your the Caesar salad yeah
with lemonade anymore excuse my mom's
just got her birthday present and she
texted me something sending her hey no
my mom's like not the camera okay
I'm trying to eat hello healthy mostly
because I've been eating unhealthy and I
just wanted to kind of restart but also
I have a lot of stuff coming up I've got
a trip to Hawaii next week and then I
start shooting for moms so you know
they're also shraddha's get that
metabolism boost in and all of that good
stuff the two things that I've got to
show you guys I've been doing every
single day this week and it actually
inspired Michael L fellow youtuber I'll
leave her blog down below where she
shows you how to make this stuff and
whatever but basically inspired me
because I was like I need to be adding
more good into my body I already super
healthy but yeah I was excited to bump
it up a notch every day I've been
drinking like a cal coffee which is not
coffee at all but it's basically just a
beverage with eight it kind of gel in it
so I have a bunch of help and I'm
basically just cutting it into this
little blender cup and I'm just going to
be adding some orange juice into this
because it tastes disgusting I can't do
water I need OJ and a little bit of
frozen really a little bit on top of
that I've also been making some homemade
wellness shot the main ingredients I'm
using are ginger tumeric the juice has
an entire lemon and then on top I
sprinkle a little bit of cayenne pepper
which is the stuff is all really good
for like your digestive system and
inflammation and I don't know all those
things I mean it sucks I would never
want to have this flavor in my mouth but
I wanted to getting used to it every
single day just gets easier and easier
drink hug not a little but how can I go
a blog without showing our little man
how are you I just got in my room and he
jumped up he has been so cute this week
I don't know what it is
thank you thank you thank you thank you
thank you thank you thanks for the
kisses buddy going through our mail and
listening to Harry Potter quick unboxing
time I got a package from benefit so I'm
going to open it up and why not
look at my face oh okay first of all we
got a towel guys friend Mike Hilton um
hi this is so you out of bed you guys
look cute it seriously like oh my god
I've been like try this who loves my
favorite bronzer ever and they came out
with a contour stick wow she looks like
chocolate oh my god we are finally and
root will into it and drop the block
okay
I need to quickly raise about Harry
Potter because holy crap I'm addicted
phone's one okay so obviously you guys
saw in my last vlog that I've started
listening to Harry Potter books on
audible
this is not a sponsored integration in
any way but I became obsessed with it
and I finished the first book now I'm on
the second one I have about two hours
left I've like rediscovered my love for
listening to books it's so time
efficient like you can listen to books
while you're driving while you're
cleaning your room while you're doing
your laundry while you're showering like
I've basically been living eating
breathing Harry Potter for the past week
so life updates there's kind of this
bigger project that you guys know I'm
always talking about I've been working
on it for like half a year now and it's
done not really the first stage is done
Mike and I are starting to take meetings
that started up this week and I went so
great on Tuesday I had an audition and I
felt so good about it and so that
automatically always just puts me in a
good mood as well yesterday which I'm so
so excited to announce this to you guys
I spent most of yesterday rehearsing and
going to a table read for commuted
season two it is happening if you guys
don't know what I'm talking about last
year I starred in a web series called
the canoe alongside
stephane Argos since the last episode I
constantly have been getting tweets and
comments being like what is season 2
happening a table rate is basically
where you sit the large table with all
the actors and the writer/director
producers all that good stuff and you
all sit down and just read through the
entire script to kind of get some final
notes in and see if there's any changes
that need to be made for scripts I think
you guys are going to love season 2
there are more characters involved there
are more things going on so it's not
always going to be in the car if there's
more episodes it's everything you guys
are envisioning and more I swear like oh
my gosh it's so good we start shooting
that in two weeks but before that next
week is going to be pretty crazy because
I'm actually going to Hawaii for a work
trip which is so crazy to be able to say
like what what is my life what is my job
I'm going to Kauai you for four days I
don't know if I can talk about brand or
what's coming with me so I'm not going
to I'm definitely going to vlog don't
know if I'll be able to upload it right
away I might have to wait for the other
videos to the live first but we're
filling content so there's going to be a
lot of work applause but it's going to
be super fun and I can't wait pretty
nice feel it literally straight
after that once I come home we start
shooting the commutes and this year
we're shooting for three weeks I
literally just had the worst welcome and
I go oh man I wish I was vlogging that
and then Liana goes we can do it again
so we're going to do it again I'll flip
it this way are you guys kidding me are
you absolutely kidding me you're a load
of scammers you know that he's not
really sleeping I quit currently sitting
at tables reading over just a document
that needed some fixing up to do take
Thomas azam azam
until you're totally getting a
delegating without giving too much
information
Mike and I are brainstorming a costume
for a character these are opening up
different packages and I got a super
cute one from zoella line oh my goodness
this is adorable fragrant soap on a
stick
I chewed on their marshmallows kids
actually like go right this is what
happens when you play with milk makeup
it's so pretty
it's basically five different colors I
am five I don't even know why I asked
you to film this but here's what I did
update it is a p.m. and I'm about to go
to the gym with Drew we both have
already worked out but we're just going
to go on the treadmill just kind of mess
around
yeah it's 10:16 p.m. and I'm so so tired
I'm honestly going to go to bed because
I actually could really as well so
that's what's going down thank you guys
so much for watching today's vlog if you
stuck through it thumbs up if you're
excited for commute season to Vegas
