we're back we're back
happy 2017 on this channel oh my god
that boy so huh gracias I'm heading over
to SoulCycle
to get a little morning workout in
lately has really been stepping up my
fitness game I've actually been working
with a personal trainer Monday through
Friday except this week he's out of town
so that's why I just don't like going to
the gym and doing some local stuff but
they are it's a game changer it's
expensive but it's a game changer look
at how bad I'm breaking out right now
around my nose I don't want it there as
of like four days ago I officially
turned 21 it's been a crazy weekend 24
hours in Vegas was exactly what I needed
nothing more nothing less
one night was enough and yeah it was
amazing it was great if you want to see
any of those photos then follow me on
Instagram I literally posted 13
instagrams within two days which is
absurd alright you guys I'm keeping the
glasses on because I'll just like that
but I'm really really excited to make my
breakfast I wanted to show you guys
there's like a smoothie juice bar place
here called earth bar there flax master
smoothies are incredible amazing and
I've mastered the recipe to show you
guys step 1
a banana I find these really help to
make smoothies like super smooth and
creamy we're going to add a pack of acai
this is just organic pure a pack from
Trader Joe's make sure there's no like
added sugars or random stuff in it this
is like not safe okay okay that is
getting her nails done right there
couldn't have been any less efficient
I know I really should of usually I'll
do frozen blueberries I have some fresh
ones so why the heck not chia seeds can
afford alone there is what I get man is
40 but I always recommend it spinach you
never taste it anyways so I kind of grow
like an entire salad worth of Genesis
memories this seems random but it is so
good in this movie you take a spoonful
of raw almond butter then they're pushed
relized you don't have flax seeds which
is like the whole point of the name of
it okay you don't I take many ways this
is a plant fusion complete plant protein
I've talked about this on my main
channel I believe this is the same
protein powder that they use because it
tastes exactly the same they're both
plan and they sell there go like pretty
much yeah yeah this is the vanilla bean
flavor last but not least you have to
add a liquid as your face this recipe
calls for coconut water but I'm having a
so I'm just using regular Walter look at
how gross that was oh yeah that's her
that's true blastmaster from our sauce
both were full of books mamrie quit
these you probably hate me right now
because I'm kind of forcing them to
continue to listen to book with me right
now I am listening to and I don't give
me hate for this okay I don't think I've
ever read the Harry Potter books growing
up tragedy really tragically
maybe the Franklin's have both panicked
but honestly I don't even remember
recently someone's brought them up again
and I was like oh my goodness we need to
read them but also they are very very
chubby sick book
so I'm actually listening to it you guys
already know that every time I listen to
a book I like to use audible they have
the app I also have this little portable
speaker that Dru gave to me for my
birthday so straight up guys like while
sitting in my room and doing all my
laundry so today I've just been having
this like in my living just walking
around like yeah Harry Potter I'm about
two hours in the guys want to read any
of the Harry Potter by JK Rowling books
with me or just in general any books
because we have such a big selection on
the website then you guys can actually
get a free 30-day trial by clicking a
link down below audible.com slash
quality of laws drew can you just repeat
what you asked us I ask you let's test
it out is everywhere what we'll see that
oh those are my bra cups
oh yeah okay okay are you gonna do it
why not I'll do it
that right there is like Mario Kart
level okay ready
it's not going to work I think we get it
underside of the banana okay he's not
slippery I guess up oh my God look you
can see it you just literally died that
sunny hobby
who needs he leaves when you have banana
peels
right what more me could ever ever
imagine Mario welcome to our house here
we have a banana what feel free to slide
on it then we move on we are now having
plans of having a banana split party
it's like we're going to get all her
furniture out before you go and we're
going to let you figure eight like we're
gonna like high tides of banana peels
for shoes no that lace - that's right I
think that's a really I think that tops
the wig party idea yeah all of you we
shall be wearing on a banana suit yeah
banana suit banana see chef Claudia is
in the building tonight
I just made myself some I think wild
multigrain rice vegetables - ah Pia and
then I mix this little sauce of like is
like sweet chilli sauce ponzu soy sauce
sesame seed Rui and ginger good evening
folks it is now your night basically on
this practising sides for audition that
I have tomorrow like noon I'm doing the
classic like Sakura voiceover in the
voice memo and talk to cue the montage
means walking around talking Oh
and it's not only becomes rainbows can
you figure it out look good oh my god
you got ready oh he already started
peeing a little bit over here see you go
yeah oops like who do you thinks gonna
have to take this off
it's not Camille getting me for sure yep
okay thank you
after I clean all this up I'm actually
just going to head to bed because it's
getting pretty late and I want to edit
this and continue to practice my toys
yeah I hope you guys enjoyed following
me around sense that I couldn't get too
much footage there's a lot of at-home
stuff that I was doing so not a lot of
it was like blog worthy but this man is
always quality content
