oh my good god leanness Claudia swimming
ski you guys I'm sorry the last vlog
miss that I uploaded was de 2120 I know
before you guys start screaming at me in
the comments I'm genuinely a little
scared to see them I want to explain
myself real quick as to why I didn't
really vlog the last five days of August
definitely didn't plan on stopping but I
think when I landed home something just
kind of clicked and every single bit of
me just wanted to relax and enjoy all
these moments with my family off camera
I don't want to say it was through
laziness because clearly I have been
vlogging every single day leading up to
coming here even through my London
travels this is my fourth blog miss and
all the other three I've done all 25
days so it's not even that I'm not used
to filming every day editing all that
stuff but this year it just it kind of
felt a little different
my oldest brother might actually be
moving to a different country in a few
months but that's still I'm sure very
dramatic I know but I just I want to
spend time off-camera with my family but
that being said I am so glad that I
participated in a bunch of log myths
this year I uploaded so many vlogs for
you guys and very happy that you guys
were able to see those memories and I'm
able to look back on them because there
are so many funny moments in this year's
vlogmas so I'm very very happy about
that stuff and I'm not going to beat
myself over it if there's anyone that's
gonna be upset at me trust me it's gonna
be myself that's just what happened I'm
sorry so today is actually December 26th
it's the day after Christmas my cousin's
coming over a few family members and
we're going to have some dinner and I
think go ice skating afterwards so we're
just having a cute family day that's
pretty much what it's been like this
entire week I did manage to film a few
clips on Christmas Eve and Christmas Day
so I might as well show them to you guys
so we've got some footage that will
throw in after this clip but I just want
to come on here and explain at the lack
of vlogs as well as just wish you guys a
happy holiday season whatever holiday
you celebrate and it's also such a great
time of the year
to look back on the past 365 days and
think about the things that you're
thankful for and you appreciate and all
of your blessings
yeah be able to look at this past year
as a learning stepping stone and it puts
you on such a great mindset for the next
year I am so so excited for 2017 so I
hope you guys enjoy the rest of this
vlog happy holidays and I will see you
guys for any luck very soon I still do a
flogging it's just it's tough to vlog
when I'm at home okay bye guys I really
could not have chosen a worser spot to
set the table because I'm so backlit but
the gay I am out to breakfast with my
ladies have a nice little a nice little
wave you guys we were grabbing some
brekkie
waffles at 5:00 p.m. that's the holidays
are about I will never get over this
view right here diam I really like what
you did here I think it's very unique
and different right now I'm about to
wash all of the windows
wearing my dad's coat wha
My Little Helper my brothers wrapping
gifts right now I'm really excited to
see how he's gonna pull this one off
no no one will know it's cool it early
have the beads is like mad you're
literally making this harder for
yourself and you're also like why are
you sticking it on there see how that's
ugly the whole thing is I it kind of
looks like a giant ping-pong racket a
plus
the star warships and that biloba
grocery shopping with the bro we're such
children we're buying so much candy
we're buying all this because we're
decorating a gingerbread house together
trying to be festive really great fizzy
water crack-a-lackin' cracker let's go
Claudia can you bring a sharp knife so
we can cut up in this no I see I wish
you a Merry Christmas I wish you a Merry
Christmas and a Happy New Year didn't
have time to do my hair because my mom
was yelling at me that we had to start
the gingerbread making this is my outfit
the Topshop tights over the boots and a
sweater dress from mega pink you guys I
have been looking for this camera for so
many hours and it's literally been
laying on this couch
anyways um it is now 2:00 a.m. we had
dinner it was good I didn't film it
oh these are good it's beginning to look
a lot like happy hour
we definitely need pictures in these oh
my god I cat is so scared of this little
it's good statue thing that is so creepy
it close mama
oh my god ah this was so good they're
pretty great okay oh no oh no what's
going on out here took a lot of storage
saw then I was like oh yeah little sexy
little skirt ah yes yes yes better yes
wait mom show you don't know what it is
oh it's a goodnights open it up do not
take this here's no idea
do we need to get out dad's new knife I
thought it'd ruin it like what means Oh
oh my gosh oh my goodness hang out in my
area that's really nice that's amazing
oh my gosh that's so sweet
that's better that is so badass there's
a nice Govan let's see man hugs
Monogue thank Minogue's no I mean yeah I
guess I need winter
door sick man you I wasn't me I will not
be neat you to show fun
cheetah
