we're literally talking about how I
should have lost
this restaurant called spy Chloe it is
so well I can't like say it's good yeah
because I just had one bite what you got
no it looks good it looks good I got a
little sign up Brussels sprouts
cranberries this is all vegan by the way
guac burger oh yeah we've been painting
for like five hours and it is like oh
what we're working on both of our things
are so different
so good
good morning everyone
I'm solo starting off my day with some
ATR what is that stand for it audible
additional additional dialogue
additional dialogue reshoot that's gotta
be it
additional dialogue recording but yeah
that is what we're doing today also I
plan on finishing my painting that I've
been working on it's coming out so cool
just finish a TR can I call the name of
it yet can I say the name yes it's
called daikon the amazing director I'm
gonna show you guys just a quick like
just just a one-shot er that's luck
right just one screen grab or in love
and slow so man there we are
that to quiet come inside
cuz I'm still like whispering cuz you
want that whisper but more projecting
yeah there was like a weird demonic
thing that was happening behind my voice
it slows turn here I go we're all here
Lucas was just here before you wanted
yeah so I heard to say hi to him I just
finished my stuff we finished off with
some screams she's hardly gonna ADR ice
ice how long you been watching I was
marching like a solid amount but I was
like wait is she doing that right now
and they were like yeah I was like I
love ADR well because of the versus with
all of that it trained me I literally
had to go twice like Oh clatters you
guys know panda warrior it was my first
car - yeah I'm gonna kill it in there
you know yeah it's gonna be great it's
looking so good so good
we're gonna do a little apartment update
I switched some things around but most
importantly I finished my painting and I
want to show to you guys I've been
getting a lot of questions on Twitter
and Instagram being like how did you do
that
so I'm also gonna like talk about how I
started doing it a little bit the
lighting from the window is kind of
messing with everything so I'm trying to
like cover that but tada
I am so so happy and proud of how this
came out
this morning I just signed it on the
bottom because I realized that I totally
forgot to do that for starters this was
inspired by The Strokes album called is
this it in the original photo the words
aren't written across like that they're
like up in the corner but I wanted to
write them across because I think it's
also kind of like funny and ironic for
someone who has no idea what it actually
is of just to have the words is this it
on a but I think is just kind of like
funny because you can take it two
different ways that I've thought of so
far the first one being like is this it
like is this all you're here for this is
all that you're like looking for because
it's like a sexual photo or it can be is
this it like oh really is this a like
that's all you got sorry that just went
like really inappropriate but yeah in
general I just like like the sentence is
it doing this is so funny because I
literally feel like I'm like laughing
but okay so the way that I can't take
myself seriously the way that the way
that I went about painting this is I
started off by painting the whole thing
white and then I used tape to kind of
figure out where everything was gonna be
as far as like sizing and shape goes so
I'll put up a photo but I started off
with tape and then I just started to
peel off the tape and trace with a
pencil so I basically sketched out the
whole thing to get the right kind of
shape going I didn't do like the grid
method where you draw a grid on the
original photo and then you draw a grid
on the can
and then do it by smaller squares which
is a really good idea but I was just too
lazy to do that and I just did it I
ended up sketching out the glove with a
pencil as well which was kind of
pointless because then I just went in
and painted the whole thing black and so
I started off with dark gray and I went
in and just started kind of tracing the
fingers the cushioning everything with a
dark gray and then went in with the
whites and just started adding details a
lot of this over here is just kind of
like improv and just kind of random
marks because the photo was a little
blurry so I just kind of had to like
make up as I go for the actual body like
the skin tone I purchased a very like
nude peachy color and so I mixed that
with white and gray and so I kind of did
like a little bit of shading but it's
mostly white so from far away it just
looks like a black-and-white photo but
then you look up close and you're like
wait a second is there like some color
in there and then yeah we have some
shading going on lastly the freaking
words which was so scary to do because I
was so worried that I was going to mess
it up but I kind of did like a very very
loose trace with a pencil to kind of get
the location down I still feel like it's
not that perfect but that is the point
of it I could have done a little
differently it may be a little smaller I
don't know it's fine it's already done
not gonna stress about it but yeah let
me know if you guys want me to like
actually fill my self painting stuff
because I have two more little canvases
that are gonna be going up on my collage
wall there are two of the same-size and
they're probably gonna coordinate
somehow because I'm gonna have them
right on top of each other so I could
totally fill myself doing that and then
in general I just want to paint more
because that made me realize how much I
like doing it I also got this new pillow
it's a little snow leopard pillow from
Urban Outfitters still need to hang up
that little metal thing I decided that
this metal thing is gonna go next to
that and then we're gonna have the two
things that I'm gonna paint like on the
bottom left we put the bar card here
because I just think it makes more sense
since no one is really going behind the
couch anyways over here underneath the
painting I actually purchased a bench
from West Elm it's gonna be mustard
yellow I am
very nervous for how that's gonna turn
out because you guys know that I'm like
afraid of color but I decided that the
color palette for my place is going to
be like a very blush tone baby pink kind
of like this pillow it definitely looks
white and the viewfinder right now but
it's definitely pink as well as navy
blue because my carpet accidentally came
navy blue and mustard yellow so that's
gonna be the vibe baby pink navy blue
mustard yellow I think that's pretty
cool I don't have any yellow things here
yet but that's definitely gonna start it
I also got a little Himalayan salt rock
lamp thing it is so cute at nighttime
and just kind of helps like illuminate
the room and give a really nice like
warm vibe and stuff also my freaking a
tree planter pot thing came in the mail
this is from cb2 I've been waiting for
this to come for so long and I love it
because it has that little circle thing
happening it's got a very just simple
but detailed vibe yeah
also I purchased a rug that's gonna go
right here because Lauren and Rebecca
were over the other day and they were
like Claudia you need to cover up these
floors more because there's just like a
lot of wood happening everywhere and I
totally agree with them and so having
like another rug to kind of layer will
definitely help kind of like cozy up the
room also for the office and I'll have
an easel thing because I had to use it
to paint and I painted it white so
that's just kind of chilling there now
I'm probably gonna get like a stool or
like a chair or something right here
possibly a rug as well so my rugs that's
gonna be it for today's vlog I just
edited this footage and it was like 8
minutes and 30 seconds and I was like
solid I've got some more footage that
I'm going to go in and edit but there
was like to serve their own separate
vlog thank you guys so much for watching
today's video I love you guys and I'll
see you very soon
