hello everybody welcome to vlogmas day
20 I believe
that's two really big applaud with
Claudia a lot of days you guys know that
voice
and with Qixing more lore sound let me
fill you guys in on what's been
happening so last night slept over at
Lauren's because we had to wake up super
early in the morning we just stopped by
the comer Children's Hospital comers I
pronounced it yeah and basically we just
we played bingo with the kids and passed
out prizes it wasn't the type of thing
to be vlogging so I didn't blow up my
camera anything but it was really sweet
um nice experience yeah I think we took
pictures yeah Kiki had a meltdown almost
with all the UH the sick kids and stuff
it is really sad to see but no it was a
really great experience and now we're
gonna get some Christmas shopping done
so we're heading back to the city we're
gonna meet up with Chloe the whole gang
is together I think we're driving lunch
right now that little goat or something
Kiki you've got a mean sandwich going on
over there we got some chili
- pinky we got some Vietnamese coffee
guys if you've never tried this before
highly recommend loving it live please
waiting to visit
Dora Dora Dora the f-word stone down in
today it's a dog dog venture you want a
game I'm currently playing a really
intense chess game with my brother
probably gonna win ladies there's enough
pie for everyone
good morning
we have done a lot of personal shopping
what time is it now we playing with I
don't know hi okay keep our eyes focused
and we're let's put it down I mixed r6
I don't know yeah it's super dark what
is this store called all support
dieticians
we're cited this store is so can't let
me show you guys really good even if it
has all the Christmas oh we're going to
another store okay okay we just arrived
at the North Pole
basically oh my gosh guys look at this
tree just decked out in food fight fight
oh my god I swear they just stopped
right when I pulled the camera oh here
we go here we go
oh and Leila's on top she's about to win
but Stella's still putting in a good
fight will she make it out of this oh ah
and Stella is still on the ground what's
gonna happen is she gonna forfeit is she
gonna quit find out next week on vlogmas
Lauren how hungry are you honest Celso
one to ten ah look what it like what is
going on over there the animals I'm
craving the lamb meatballs from nice
guys
oh wow which is across the countryside
wow that's really great let's just close
mean it yeah big on my close the benefit
no feel again what we're saying guy you
guys just quiet for a second alright
okay so we just got back to Warren's
place and we're gonna have to dinner
soon waiting for her mom to finish some
shopping up some finishing shots just
successfully finished all of my
Christmas shopping for my family which
is such a huge relief because I didn't
think I'd be able to find the things
that I needed to oh my gosh and the
thing that I got for my dad it was the
last one in that pattern color
everything it was meant to be I love
when things happen like that very very
excited for both of those presents yeah
we are all very very exhausted it's been
walking a lot of shopping a lot of
coldness a lot of absurdness it's been
good because we've been Instagram
liveing for all applause blog man this
is going down made it I'm so sorry to
anyone that's been watching because it's
been interesting there's been a lot of
Tebow he's really been the star huge
star he's gonna be youtuber soon
everyone look out oh she's quite the
personality he adapt me no I wait too
many kids and I don't like the ones I
have mom I know your grandma's neighbor
no no no what do you know was my
favorite store yeah fix Kiki there's so
many cameras on you right now
oh my favorite story I love - I do love
Topshop I go to Topshop I made your life
home this is like a this is like a
little Tibo nose you know I mean
actually all we've seen Elvis songs -
Laura matures a baby going on but a
hound dog cryin all the guys and crying
all day wait that's him you were so cute
I used to call her pumpkin head though
pumpkin head what are you snacking what
are you are you bad hungry I cut my
mouth and I'm painting no man come on
that's a bird's if it isn't my lip I'm
gonna watch the west wall it's a good
look from far away if you squint one of
your eyes turn your head and kind of
look the other way it looks like you're
smoking cigarette oh that's so cool
don't smile yeah guys don't kill your Oh
like
why'd you swallow it accident just
happened okay
Quoddy and her first oyster this is not
happy about it I don't know I get about
that on a thing
