and then you see how it says recording
up there yeah hey guys welcome to
vlogmas day 1818
back home now I landed around 7:00 p.m.
passed right out because over here eyes
on the prize what are you looking for
there
flower so when I showed them I'm the
flower oh it's about like 1:00 p.m. now
I had to nap because the girls saying
that's me on the plane she was like
teeny tiny like pink leggings so little
she fell asleep on my shoulder oh I know
and like I couldn't wake her apples like
you're so cute
but I was so uncomfortable and so I
couldn't fall sleep on the flight but
it's okay but anyways I want to show you
guys how awesome these Ziploc welcome to
the commercial pop up in that space tags
you know what cloud get Sun is too shiny
and we don't see anything that's the
better all your face so different I
don't know my brows yeah okay let me
show you how giant is colors Oh a strong
bag even smaller right yes even smaller
Wow
this is like me dressing up take off my
clothes and then use Thank You traveling
the guys love them
see yo yeah
right now I'm going to edit yesterday's
vlog in the kitchen so that I can
socialize while I work oh also this
shirts Matty got all of us roomies this
shirt it's from the kylie jenner shop
and it says like realizing stuff hey
Kevin hi Kevin was still sleeping when I
landed I need to put this stuff down cuz
I need my hand I went into his room and
I go oh and then I closed the tour look
at this winter wonderland how cool is it
right now four degrees christmas time is
here as you guys may remember this tree
is always the wonky and teak tree so all
of our older ornaments go on this one
rustic oh my god a francis just came out
of her hiding time to edit oh my god ah
but you're so cute every time I land
she's like a little upset with me
because I left her and I was her best
friend but then she gets over it and she
lets me better oh my god she literally
camouflages into the carpet it ain't
looking so hot right now but I just made
some avocado toast with an egg on top
and about to start editing vlog miss my
mom insists that I film this right now
oh my god the cat is here to where nope
hmm they left to shoot oh my goodness
she hates it mmm oh my god I hate it
Moli
could ever know make my wish come true
baby Oh
won't fall great easy could we break a
glass out here in here that'll do it
piers what's going down I'm going to
take all the stuff that I packed and
hang it into my closet every time I come
home I always just leave everything in
my suitcase and then it just piles up
and gets messy since I'm gonna be here
for 10 days might as well just hang
everything up so I'm able to see it and
all that good stuff so that is what
we're doing I went in on the unpacking
took everything out of my toiletry bag
set them up got my brushes ready makeup
right now I'm about to take a bath with
this lush little Santa bath bomb
that's what Italian Beus made out of
what a meal Chester in viata coming in
clutch with the food so what do you have
to say for yourself it's like 8:30 and I
think that's to put this beautiful piece
of meat to the oven like about 4 o'clock
so I put a Pixum she's starving us
haven't eaten in three years
sorry sorry I cook dinner today I cook
dinner today
yeah such a mouth yep you sure you
should be one of those statues one of
those like statues on the street where
it's like oh gee I'm so glad we have
spoons to transfer our food over to our
plate soon so much done yet not you
can't even I can't even go yeah look
who's back 60 seconds later Rosen
ha ha is it actually you're over it yeah
you can come back if you want what's up
everybody
starting my vlog a little bit later
today I'm actually embarrassed to admit
that it's 4 p.m. right now and I'm just
now starting the first clip I was super
jet-lagged last night and I didn't go to
bed until like 2 a.m. so I woke up at 12
but the reason why I couldn't sleep is
because I started any Netflix show and I
want to talk about with you guys because
I'm so obsessed like halfway through and
all I want to do is finish it oh this
right here drawing not a tattoo although
it could be that's why I drew it there
we're testing it out so the show that
I've been watching last night and today
it's called the Oh a it's on Netflix
the first reason why I was interested in
watching it is because my friend Brendon
is a series regular which is insane he's
so so freaking good in it he was in
season 1 attacked if you guys have
watched that show then you'll recognize
his face but he's seriously killing it
in that show and then secondly Lou
just recommended it I've seen billboards
everywhere in LA about it so I knew that
I want to watch it while I was here also
my second obsession of the day is an app
called game pigeon this is not a
sponsorship right here my brother showed
me this app last night when you download
it it goes to your iMessage so when you
click that little button on the right
you get all these little games and so
you scroll through if you look at the
conversations between my brother and I
it's just us playing this game and every
single move you make just sends as an
iMessage and you click on it you do your
move you send it and it's so addicting I
think I'm gonna head over to Whole Foods
in a bit because I kid you not all we
have in this house goldfish crackers
chips and 800 apples we have so many
apples what is going on here I don't
know what mmm-hmm that's a Mitch what
doesn't match this and now this is the
odd one out is it for right Santa put
them here so many apples hi sexy we're
gonna let you warm up
I hope you have a pair
let us enjoy the holidays what are you
whining about the holidays honey when do
on Christmas right why won't you tell me
it's like a beef or something
what are you doing Claudia Siskin your
puns are not money
alright I'm gonna quit toying around
let's go home
totally what is that
Oh some dirty piece of snow are you sure
of course oh my god it looked like a
burn or something I know dad you're not
gonna kill it again because it's already
dead the most beautiful house on the
block
my mom is clearly very humble very Oh No
little food hall real quick we got some
go macro bars some crackers
even though these are lightly salted
they taste kind of sweet which I like
also these chips are incredible powdered
matcha watermelon almond breeze almond
milk popcorn and some guacamole for the
chips it's a little frightening how
quickly I've powered through this series
the Oh ay but I am on the last episode
of the first season oh my god this is so
intense I'm gonna go watch it now
