good morning everyone happy vlogmas i
just got ready i'm actually gonna go
head out and grab some coffee with
rebecca just drop my phone I'm meeting
up with Rebecca just to see her one last
time for the holidays
I'm so so excited about where we are
going we're going to this cafe called
crumbs and whiskers it's basically a
cafe where you're surrounded by cats and
you guys know how much I love cats
Rebecca owns a cat we're both cat women
and we're gonna go be in our natural
habitat I am so freakin stoked about
that
I need a pack I haven't even done that
yet guys what is going on
we feel
best part of the cafe is this little
squishy furry pillow here's Bruce I was
the oldest biggest cat and he's just
chilling oh my gosh I've been bugging
all the cats we're just catching up no
it's me hello it's me I can't blog
because I have nothing I'm literally
just forcing the camera on you I haven't
moved I'll just be here and I'll be here
we got some falafel burgers what is this
place called all of our Father bar tiny
little things YUM currently packing and
this little man is distracting me oh you
little cutie anyways check out these
crazy tights that I purchased from
Topshop you've got like letters all over
them oh so cool currently choosing
outfits to pack for Chicago oh my god
you guys look at my closet right now I'm
basically just trying on a bunch of her
outfits but I wanted to quickly stop and
vlog this these things are the greatest
inventions ever there's Ziploc space
bags and you don't need a vacuum for
them what you do is you stuff your
clothes in it close it you roll it up
and the air comes out from this end but
it doesn't suck back in so it stays like
that and I kid you not guys this is a
giant puffy coat that's like super
fluffy and stuff and I was able to suck
out all the air and have it confined and
yeah so I'm doing that for a few
different things I have Christmas gifts
that I bought that we're taking up so
much room and so I just you know did
that lifesaver I feel like I haven't
gotten any footage today but it's 9 p.m.
now and I'm about to head to the airport
guys I'm packing it so much I have the
largest size and the medium size so I'm
checking two bags
mostly because I've got Christmas
presents in here and also all of my
coats and sweaters are just so chunky I
don't know how else to fit them
by doing this so that's what we're doing
life happened
