oh my god oh my god good morning
starting off my morning with whitening
my teeth which I haven't done in like a
year who like trying to determine if
they look whiter through the viewfinder
if you guys are curious right now I was
just using at the crest 3d white
Whitestrips you wear these for an hour
and then they give you this little light
thing that you shine on your teeth for a
few minutes this is the first time I've
ever used it I'm actually quite pleased
because it didn't hurt my teeth
sometimes white strips start to burn my
gums or I have like a crack in one of my
teeth so that one tends to throb but it
didn't hurt this time which is cool yeah
and that's okay no seriously these look
freaking white what now I can't stop
staring my teeth I'm really pleased I'm
about to film some outfit shots for a
new video so I have like things lying
around and stuff but I feel matched Hey
look at him he like walks with his butt
like that cuz he wants you to scratch
his butt literally see he's giving me
his butt yeah yep yep hello hello hello
oh my god you got a bark okay okay okay
that's loud guys I'm so proud of myself
I'm so happy
finish editing my main Channel video
that I've been working on whoa overlay
right now I'm heading over to clean for
a brainstorm session with Mike hi
my parka they're cool oh cool
gleam cam clean cam Glenn cam flame yeah
clean kill me oh yeah yeah yeah i'm good
kappa
flanca sorry sorry oh you gotta get the
energy back I get really excited about
blink is excited about tweeting our
picture yeah no I mean I think it's cute
woman I write your fave up here and then
babes okay in Texas when camels say it's
not as smooth as a snapchat or Instagram
historians huh like that's kind of cool
yeah that's cute right
ah it's good okay that's it that's it
what a fun little tool generating always
both started singing okay
the creative process here creative
genius at work when at gleaming LA you
can add a little emoji if you want a
little cutie something yeah take 30
minutes anything we gots been done is
Mike hi oh you Marvel days now I have a
black 100 guys go Cal hack look them up
by their suitcases dirty they're great
quality and super good oh my gosh
I love it I'm assuming this is a little
Christmas present from awesomenesstv my
network like a family at all I'll see
you later
so making you buy glossy soon and you
see do you need help are you sure I will
nobody will wireless Bluetooth speaker
okay wait this is sick I can't open it
but it's a speaker that is so cool I'm
definitely gonna try this when I come
home tonight and then lastly I'm working
with Smashbox on Instagram and they just
came out with a series of palettes with
Shay Mitchell and oh my god oh my god
what a beautiful monster look at that
not a real human let's look at smoky
watches the bye ladies you next year
avoir no I'm just stuck with Mike oh my
god oh my god just finish with our
meeting and it is pouring right now well
pouring for LA
is money
drew is leaving us hasta LaVista last
words for vlogmas Oh Mary Chrysler Mary
Chrysler hello she was going to Canada
for about - yeah I'm like leaving now
he's leaving us guys cancelled flights
delayed
wait flash-forward to me now having
crazy dark makeup not going anywhere
had to film a quick Instagram video for
Smashbox I'm so happy with how it came
out my face is probably a little greasy
now but it's like a nice greenish
sparkly smokey yeah I had a lot of fun
with this one but I'm gonna take off my
makeup and clean the mess that is my
room right now guys my room was so clean
this morning I don't know how this
happened it's actually the next day but
I'm just filming a quick outro thank you
guys so much watching today's video I
think it was the shortest vlog yet it
happens okay love you guys bye
