what's up vlogmas we're gonna do
something different today getting comfy
in my chair I'm not really sure why but
I've been in a very weird mood today
nothing specific happened or anything
it's been like a weird combination of
being anxious but also really tired and
out of it so every like little noise or
thing that like would normally just make
me like maybe slightly John would make
me really jump today I don't know if I'm
excited that right like I've just been
very like sensitive to everything today
but then also I just like feel shitty on
the inside I don't know because of that
I didn't really get a lot of blog
footage today I tried so hard to look at
so many different moments and every
single time halfway through I just like
turned off the camera it was like I
don't feel this at all I don't know it's
kind of it's like happening to me right
now like all I wanna do is just like
turns off and start talking but I want
to upload something for you guys I don't
want to skip a day just because I'm in a
weird mood whatever will push through it
yes so I guess instead of doing like a
followed me around style video I'm just
gonna sit in front of this camera and
talk to you guys about god knows what I
don't know so how do you guys feel about
the new Instagram update oh my god
that's so funny I was really talking
about this with the / Jacob he's
literally downstairs with Maddy my TV
won't work that's funny so mad Oh
they were trying to watch The Polar
Express okay
I've heard a lot of people be like why
is in story I'm trying to be every
single app out there it's so annoying
blow up but honestly I'm kind of in love
with it way way back in the day I used
to go on it wasn't you know it was like
something else blog TV or something like
that yeah Gwen life is fun it's
definitely like a different type of
interaction cuz it's all you know
happening in the moment and you're
responding and everyone's talking it's
cool and I kind of love how Instagram
has a feature now because you don't have
to create a new account or have anyone
else follow you on there bub well like
it's right there if you want to watch
you can if you don't want to you don't
have to type thing
see this is what keeps happening I just
like I go blank it's so weird um I feel
like I'm gonna get a lot of comments on
this top so let me explain the outfit
that's going on right now I'm wearing a
Calvin Klein cotton bra and then this is
actually a t-shirt so the sleeves go a
little longer
it's from Urban Outfitters and I like
how it's all sparkly and stuff and then
this jacket was actually Lexi's but
while she was packing up her stuff to
move out she actually gave me this
jacket was like if you want you can have
it and uh Lexie for watching us thank
you so freaking much because I wear this
jacket so often I'm I love it it's so
comfy but it still has like a nice biker
vibe to it quick haul let me get
something I showed this stuff on my
Instagram live like I don't even know
what to call it
I was just live on the Instagram thing
and so I showed these because I was
opening it so I got a package in the
mail today from strut this and they are
literally my favorite workout brand in
the entire world and that is saying a
lot especially because I only previous
to this had two pieces from them but the
quality is so good they're so soft so
cute all of those things the first few
pieces I got were like gray it was a
good matching top and legging set and so
mmm I got the same top but in black it's
like a sports bra but it's a little
longer so it's more like a crop top it
also has a high neck and a little
crisscross action in the back we've got
two leggings these are super cool
they're mostly black but then they have
these like white panels going down oh so
sick why does this remind me of like
Spacey space I don't know like galaxies
pants or something they're super or like
robot I guess I don't know the other
pair is super cool they're all white
they're high waist as well
and then they have black mesh panels oh
my god it's so good so good I'm gonna
throw that on my bed the good thing with
these two is that they're super thick so
you can totally wear them as pants and
just wear it out like while running
around grabbing errands stuff like that
let's talk music I haven't really talked
about music that I've been loving on
either my youtube channels in a while an
album as a whole that I've been loving
lately is sincerely by Steven are you
gonna do that thank you so so so good
crossfire might be my favorite song I
album would you know one word that's me
also a song that I recently have really
been getting into is I think older I
think this is one of group loves older
albums there you go it's not a
photograph the second half of this song
is so good I don't even know how to
explain it but you're just like you
don't want it to end it's one of those
super old song but where is my mind by
the Pixies
stop so good if you don't know the song
euni look it up right now daddy issues
by the neighborhood so good especially
when you're driving at night this is the
most ideal song for me personally to be
listening to a while driving like on a
freeway at nighttime I feel like I
should have made a disclaimer in the
beginning of the video being like watch
this while you get ready or while you're
doing three other things at the same
time because I think this is not
entertaining enough to be watching just
like on your bed or on the couch I'm
just trying to throw the pressure off
because I feel like I'm not doing the
best right now
we're really going back with the
classics here but Miracle Mile cold
orchids
you could run to the Sun by the blue van
I remembered Jonah showed me the song
like two years ago or something way back
and he described it so perfectly he was
like this would be the greatest ending
song to a movie last seen rolling
credits damn you just watched a great
film so - oh let me show you guys this
so way back when I was super young
my oldest brother marcin I don't know if
he learned it from someone or he made it
up or something but he taught me this
let's get a strop simple and then it's
gonna progress so just give it some time
let it simmer yeah what is the term for
that like body beatboxing I don't know
that's the thing oh my god also while
we're at it weird body talents um I can
fold my tongue I can't really do the hot
dog thing I guess I kind of can um but I
can also fold my tongue hey I get closer
for this hey guys yeah can anyone else
do that comment down below if you can
fold your tongue I can also make a pig
noise that's super super realistic it's
definitely the most unattractive sound
that I could ever make but I'm gonna
make it for you guys yeah in yesterday's
vlog
people were so offended isn't the word
but they were so aggressive about the
fact that I accidentally said the word
was it um buh buh buh bah bah bah I
think I said fighted instead of fought
yeah I mean hearing it now I'm just like
are you kidding me Claudia we fight it a
lot fighted I don't even know what the
sentence was but literally every single
comment was talking about other that or
the fact that I titled my video we got
an
fight because we made a joke in the
video saying like oh we got into a fight
I didn't think it was that crazy of a
clickbait title whatever you want to
call it yeah
people got super aggressive and offended
with that so I just disabled the
comments because they were not fun to
read I don't know but yeah with the
whole word thing like I think sometimes
people forget that I'm just as normal of
a human being as you are I clearly know
that the proper term is fought but in
the moment I just said that it happens
people make mistakes so for me reading
those comments
it started to upset me because I'm just
over here you know trying to explain
myself and be like whatever who cares
but that I also look at it from a
different perspective and I'm like
Claudia why would you even care like you
know so like why am I even talking about
it right now you know I'm doing is just
bringing more attention to it oh yeah my
computer just died well you guys know
what that sound was maybe I'm gonna
watch a movie
I came over the last time I sat and just
watched a movie by myself I think that's
gonna be it for today's video I
seriously feel so freaking guilty for
how lame this video was being totally
transparent with you guys while it's
gonna be way better I'm going to vlog
more and I'm actually gonna be like
leaving the house and doing things
aka I'll be in a better mood i
straight-up just think it's because I've
been like cooped up in my room filming a
video and editing and just getting in my
own head about so many random things
that I should not be stressed about I
will see you guys for a new video
tomorrow yeah okay hi
