Wow good morning about to upload vlogmas
day 10 because I'm a little behind on
that and couldn't edit and upload eight
last night I'm gonna do a little mail
time for you guys while I eat my dinner
breakfast oh my gosh words this no
longer looks appetizing but it's my mint
milk chocolate superfood powder humm
nutrition so good and some blueberry
oatmeal I was eager and opened this one
up already and before thinking to vlog
it but I got a little package from
Fraser is it Fraser Fraser I suck
anyways they have the cutest chokers in
the entire worlds like what that is so
pretty
Wow we got this little cheetah printed
choker I don't have a lot of gold
jewelry so I'm actually excited because
I want to wear gold on New Year's Eve
and this this is just calling my name
right now alright hold on I need my
second hand holy crap
oh my god whoa I'm so excited
okay this one is insanely gorgeous and
sparkly and thick very excited for this
one because it's super long so I could
either wrap it around itself and make it
a shorter necklace or just have it kind
of go down if I'm wearing like a deep
v-neck and have that feel look you guys
know I'm talking about and then a four
row diamond choker next up we've got a
package from wildflower cases what is
the smart move here um I've been using
this Topshop bag is like my recycling
bin and yes yes yes Oh amazing wait this
is so cute we like you Gloria let's pull
these out oh hell yes oh my gosh these
are both so good we've got I heard
champagne and it's like a sparkly baby
pink oh and this is so sick you know how
I feel about stars I am so happy Wow
thank you so so much Devon instead be
doing
oh hi he brings so much joy oh my god
how is this fun for you oh it's about 12
p.m. and I have completed a lot of stuff
so I'm very happy I think because of the
jetlag I just woke up super early and
couldn't go back to bed I started my day
at like 7:40 a.m. forgot to show this
yesterday but I found my Reis so I put
one on my door here and then the other
one I still need to go get from
downstairs also finished editing vlogmas
10 and 11 printing outsides I need to
put more paper in and that's my life
right now heading to Trader Joe's real
quick to get some lunch because I have
no groceries and some nail polish
remover because my nails are gross right
now made a Ralph's run instead because
the freakin parking lot was over pax and
Trader Joe's made a little pasta salad
and some fruit on the side
currently on my way to my coaching
session I made some coffee and actually
put it and like a reusable to-go cup I
never do this so I'm so proud of myself
or I'm more so proud of the fact that we
actually keep our kitchen clean now and
so every cup now has a lid to it so I
don't have to like make a mug of coffee
and then chug it and then leave I can
actually casually sip it in my car it's
a good time so just got out
I tried calling Lucas the safe he was
home because I am close to where he is
to do this other self tape audition but
he's not answering so like we'll see
maybe we can schedule that smore hello
hey are you so the office yeah what's up
okay cuz I'm like really close so I can
like stop by oh thank pop on by yes okay
I'll be there soon okay thank you bye
bye you a few moments later yo guys I
didn't even realize it was so big this
vlog is a lot really Maddie No thank you
so much Mike for worrying about equality
of my vlogmas Oh is everybody thank you
very much Shyu Pagis oh no no no so
we're opening things lux mono they sent
over this awesome little traveling pouch
thing yeah pouch feel like that's the
proper term but it says CS and it's
black reptile and it's so cute very
excited about that
do your sent over I'm assuming a book
guys I'm just trying to make it
entertaining to watch well well I can't
wait to have my own oh wow oh wow oh wow
oh wow
it was like not busy right now can like
film this don't kick so until this I can
go oh wow so dissipated I'll get low
here Okin it first yeah I should I'm
gonna be popping from here yeah okay how
should I do it it's very Great Gatsby
desk yeah here check it out check it
check it
what can you different well did you come
from I want like be laying somehow by
Pham can you they're literally kicking
me out cuz I never leave alright uh um
guys look at the sky it is gorgeous time
what aren't like see ya I feel like I
only visit gleam for two reasons one
actually working and getting stuff done
to to do some stand-up comedy this
second I seven to that office I get so
weird and so goofy and everyone's just
like why did we sign you who are you
we keep on losing over complications
here we go here we go it is dinner time
Mattie and Jacob are making something
over here I've got some veggies on the
pan sweet potatoes onions asparagus
mushrooms mmm YUM for protein I'm eating
just chicken literally just chicken but
I'm eating it cold to dip it into this
organic humus or sounds weird that is
what I was craving at the moment so
we're making that using my iPhone
flashlight as my source of light right
now oh yeah it's about 11 p.m. and I am
passing out super jet-lagged not too mad
about it though because I'm going to bed
a little earlier and waking up super
early and I prefer to have it like that
anyways so we cool with it alright thank
you guys so much for watching day 12 and
I'll see you guys soon bye
