oh all packed up time ago I look like
I'm wearing a wrist guard right now from
this little hole um hello everyone
please ignore the appearance I literally
just got home from landing so my
suitcases are here and stuff hi guys
welcome back to the vlog of course it's
Nam desperately trying to get this house
ready right now also remote deck so from
eating all our Christmas ornaments he
keeps eating the tinsel okay so yeah let
me explain what's going on because
clearly something is going on eh
I'm eating a peanut butter and jelly
sandwich right now cuz I'm so hungry
also be we're throwing a Christmas party
tonight littmus streamers on streamers
and christmas tree here's the white
elephant table place your gifts
hopefully dildos here obviously little
Dex is here with his cute sweater oh my
god doing a little jig hi hi hi I would
pet you but I have food in my hand then
over here we're gonna have food and
beverages a little doggy treats oh my
god the snowflakes guys this is so cute
guys I didn't even notice this but we
got a little sign and your goes it's a
little ghetto it's okay though
no it's perfect I think it's adorable
yeah hi hi little buddy hello
you're so cute oh my god this sweater is
unreal yeah what do you say thanks about
body parts later classical movie come on
hey you're insane
Eddie like movement triggers him let's
see the quality of this run oh this is
the one this is the one good ball
boom we're putting him in a little sling
to go real quickly this is so cute
apparently there's no pets allowed but
it's okay he's in queue service and he
enjoys ESA we'll just just cover his
head we'll just cover his head I can
just of course we had to purchase the
Pillsbury premade cookies it's got these
new I feel like I serve before I've
never seen these before but you got to
have gingerbread cookies at a Christmas
party and then classic the little
picture of Christmas transcript this
isn't looking askance or those okay I
think we just did something just fossa
it's a p.m. now and I just threw on my
party outfit tell you little cold oh my
god okay yeah I'm gonna join its little
toasty oh I like how we're using this
but we straight-up have an actual
fireplace right next to it like we're
starting will be white elephant gift bag
ready Chrysler if you wanna get that
means you can't rush this baby didn't
bring again I'm so sorry Malik
yes you're hired
why do you buy those okay
you're gonna love it is that ironic
adventures that'll take you both to a
new level I got the oh that's cute oh
this is fun combated in place
oh thank you guys
use the water-based Lube because that
was in your eyes all right I was like
it's not for me sir
hey guys looks like everyone's outside
but actual reality
is a movie
oh my god I don't want a gay access
Mouse right
oh the greatest thing about having the
party at your house or having people
over is the fact that you can come
upstairs and chill out whenever you want
I'm actually going to change into PJs
because your girl ate a lot of red
velvet Oreos tonight after putting on my
PJs I was convinced that I'd go back
downstairs and hang out with everyone
for a little bit but I was so tired for
my flight that I literally just ended up
passing out and falling asleep so here I
am filming the outro clip thank you guys
so much for watching blog miss day 11 it
was a little cert a little crazy but
that is just who we are as a group of
friends we're insane
um yeah hopefully you guys enjoyed
today's video and I will see you guys
now bye
