ah okay guys I've spent the majority of
my day in my hotel room which I'm not
proud of because I know I should be
going out and explain the city but
honestly I had a lot of computer work to
do and it's been so nice just ordering
room service the sting in and being warm
Harrison is on his way to my hotel right
now and we're gonna go out and do
something we might possibly hit up
winter wonderland which is like a
amusement park thing out here I think
like a carnival or something and then
obviously grab some food and stuff so
I'm excited for that apparently we're
not allowed to come here but I'm
currently at dinner we shot it we're
filming it I'm just gonna quickly show
you guys some daredevil
which I guess you saw the wait fight
I'll do that notice first you went up
bloggers the year
that is how you get it done ladies so on
the rooftop right now it's nice just to
pull to the right
skyline to the left it's actually
raining a little bit right now
it's the perfect drizzle where it's just
it's not too alarming guys can we check
out this umbrella real quick so it's a
map of London so when you're walking you
can twist the map around wherever you
are see what it will never be lost
what a great game let's let's get
forever so good we were talking about
Christmas gifts that was I was trying
Harrison about the fact that I want a
knife set and a pair of low-cut socks
but now I'm really thinking about
getting an umbrella for the city of Los
Angeles but it also doesn't rain
yeah you look weird looks so weird I
can't do that it's the only thing I plan
to use this my trains yeah but I feel
like a ranger outfit now Yeah right you
can use it you can usually he is it map
umbrellas it's a thing tonight's plans
have taken a turn of events because I go
oh can I talk about it you thought I
might after dinner we are gonna head to
this far that's apparently the highest
point in Europe yes highest place you
have a drink and have food the highest
place are you drinking half food in
Europe and it's like a 360 view of the
city yes so we walk up the entrance lady
comes up to Harrison and she goes I'm
sorry sir but you can't come in with
those shoes I just thought okay so you
see the outfit and you're like good look
at it like you out uh yeah yeah she sees
these bad boys says no no no no no no no
no unacceptable baby then I walk up with
brown
excuse me I've just seen our five people
garma trainers uh won't you go against
me I'm sorry sir they reserved their
table months ago huh huh I always
believe that everything happens for a
reason because Paris way is not going
exchanging some phone calls were made
some researching was made and we're
heading to this new spot where it's
still like a bar restaurant environment
but also it's like a fancy putt-putt
golf yeah thing yeah and so I think
that's where we're going we're trying to
get there know what you're saying I
don't know where we are also it stopped
writing which is great nice and nice and
breeze I'm enjoying how longer now guys
are you kidding me in a work of art I
can't drink this Oh
the wrong yep
the mouth in one shop
but
oh my god we were so close
Oh
and second
yeah we did it we did it
solid dump too
go yet take do
Oh
Gosei
okay
Oh
yeah I thought you want I guess anyone
me
what's up hello it is now 2:30 a.m. I'm
about to get ready for bed I've been
packing up and kind of getting
everything sorted out after hitting ups
fingers which i think is the funniest
name ever when you first hear it you're
like is that a strip club what is that
but no it's it's straight up just like a
puppet Gulf restaurant bar type thing it
was so much fun and it was so great
catching up with Harrison because I
haven't seen him since oh my gosh how
long but yeah I have to leave at around
9:00 a.m. tomorrow which is not too
early so I'm very thankful for that but
I'm still probably gonna wake up at like
8 a.m. because I'm one of those people
that has to pre-plan everything and make
sure I'm good to go but yeah I'm going
to edit this footage get out of the way
and yeah that concludes my London trip I
really didn't know how all this was
going to go about as far as being able
to upload on time and get footage in and
all that stuff on I am so so so happy
with how this trip turned out and all
the things that I've been able to do
after crazy trips like these I love to
just kind of reflect back on all the
stuff that I did and just remind myself
how blessed I am and stuff it's crazy I
guess what I'm trying to say is I'm very
thankful for you guys and all of these
opportunities that come my way and stuff
it's just it's crazy but that is going
to be it for today's vlog I hope you
guys have been having an amazing day and
I will see you guys tomorrow good night
bye what
