let's turn these lights off are you
doing this bro
good morning today I'm helping Alexis
with a video of her she makes such good
like scripted content and really funny
skits and so a few weeks ago I was like
please please put me in one I would love
to help you out so we're doing that
today and I'm really excited I feel like
this is a very long for the moment okay
so here at fullscreen made it to the
second floor I can't open the doors
because I don't have a fob house Linksys
isn't answering her phone or text
messages I'm assuming maybe they're
filming something right now but you guys
this show though this morning has been
so non-stop missed the first exit when I
was texting Alexis saying I'm five
minutes away which led to being 10
minutes away and then I miss the next
exit giving me another ten minutes then
I went into the raw parking lot
structure thing finally got to the right
one couldn't make it up to the second
floor and now I'm stuck in this cube
with the door that I need to get through
with it and to top it off I have to pee
so bad I'm just imagining like a camera
somewhere else
yup right there just being like what is
this girl doing here
our girl punctual uh alright thank you
but you guys both look so great it's
gender bingo
what Gora Gora Jensen Morgan I was just
trying to help was that not the right
thing to say there are some things you
can say instead when you see someone
with facial hair Alexis you didn't say
anything exactly
I mean Claudia where we gendering
reasoner's i you're gonna clean yeah
yeah yeah I won't let you guys down
oh wow and she is where you go we're
having a little lunch break trying to
figure out this situation okay
oh just here is there coffee in here but
this looks real cute there's like a way
and then you put this in it oh look at
that snazzy wall little gizmo here we go
it's so much less comfortable and you're
probably imagining right now hey we're
done eating these glasses are like
broken and crooked on me so if they
start getting wonky sorry probably
bothers me more than any of you guys ah
I don't know we just finished filming
and it's gonna be so funny I cannot wait
for you guys to see it I'll obviously
tweet it out link it all that stuff
but it's gonna be on Alexis's channel
Alexis geez all in general great content
Gabby was awesome everyone was great
right now I'm heading home I'm gonna
make some food because I'm hungry
we'll see where else the day takes us
that's about it
don't mind the mess behind me I am
starving and for the first time ever I'm
using hellofresh which is a meal kit
delivery service that plans shops and
delivers your meals and a cute little
baggie like this today we're making the
orange and cashew chicken stir-fry
just to give you guys little background
information every single week
chef curated meals are created under
three different categories
you've got classic veggies and family
classic being like fish meat whatever
seasonal produce veggies is obviously
any sort of like plant-based meals and
then lastly family which is just more
food you can feed a whole family I'm
personally excited because this is so
convenient literally everything in here
is pre-measured it's all brought to you
you can choose your delivery date so
that you know exactly like when it's
coming to your door and also since it's
a subscription company you can pause the
account if you're like going out of town
and you don't need any meals sent to you
it also gets sent in to insulated
packaging and that's like recyclable and
it keeps your produce cold and fresh and
stuff and just throw it into the fridge
when you're ready to cook it yeah I got
the orange and cashew a chicken stir-fry
so you get a little piece of paper like
this that is the final product we'll see
if it looks like that also you've got
the directions I'm so excited because I
think this is just gonna like help me to
make different things that I'm not used
to cooking by myself so we're gonna be
following that and then also you get
nutritional info so that you have all
the facts
throwing it back for you guys to watch
my main channel what do we have in here
I don't know why that caught on so much
what do we have we've got scallions
orange cornstarch cash three pieces some
jasmine rice well pepper boneless
chicken cutlets some ginger some soy
sauce and some Korean chili flakes let's
do this
boil some water I've cut all of the
produce we had to zest some orange and
squeeze some orange juice
adding the veggies into the chicken our
rice is cooked there we have the photo
we've got our cashews on the side rice
using a soup ladle these cashews are
gonna be so good I already know it
moment of truth
I made this this straight-up just tastes
like any sort of chicken stir-fry from a
restaurant like it's so good there
weren't a lot of ingredients in here oh
so easy all right well
BRB I'm gonna go finish this now if you
guys want to try this out yourselves
that you can get $30 off of your first
week of hellofresh if you visit
hellofresh comm and enter the promo code
so loose key 30 I'll obviously have all
the information and links down below so
that you guys can check it out but yeah
I just like that was the easiest thing
ever a lot of these are one pot recipes
so you're just making everything in one
pot or pan and you're quickly whipping
it up it takes around 30 minutes max to
finish these and they even have some
like 20-minute meals on the classic menu
so you can choose one of those every
week also if you know you're gonna be
like in a hurry but yeah I just love the
fact that I just like whipped out a
five-star meal in like 20 minutes like
what good morning everyone
it is Sunday 8:00 a.m. I spent my whole
night over there studying audition lines
so we didn't do anything find nothing
vlog ready right now I'm heading over to
a Soul Survivor
so cycle class aka it's like extra long
extra harder no knees off happy Sunday
these leggings I'm obsessed with they're
so good these are from like the show me
your muumuu brand
I think it's called movie move anyways
love them this is from a low got it from
revolve
so good when I like forget to breathe my
face hurts red so I'm so rad guy now
hello okay yeah no I'm staying out
dinner dinner dinner dinner time Dean
