the ultimate war bit Oh gorgeous
so what I'm oh wow you guys what you're
looking at right now is the incredible
view from the ITV offices oh this is
great so that's the London Eye and then
you've got the river not too shabby
I'm a little jealous of you guys today's
vlogmas is starting a little later
because today's been pretty hectic but i
just finished filming a bunch of
different clips for ITV they have a new
show coming out and I give the guests a
challenge and stuff I'll be sure to let
you guys know when it all comes out and
it's gonna be cool I'm gonna be on
British TV so now we're heading up to
social we're gonna do some more things
so kind of just spending the day here in
the offices and I'm sipping my ipad
coffee guys the sunset just keeps
getting better and better
oof it's Christmas time and oh my god
there's a mistletoe make your big toe
hi can i order room service Sui what's
up guys it's about 7:00 p.m. now and I
just got back to my hotel room I feel so
guilty for not getting any footage today
the second I woke up I had to get ready
and head out for the shoot with ITV I
couldn't really do anything in the
morning and then yeah we basically had a
lot of stuff to squeeze in with a
certain amount of time and so I didn't
really want to be a distraction to
anyone or myself and try to pull up the
camera because we didn't really have
that much time off on the side
afterwards I pretty much just hung out
with my manager Clair for a little bit
and we had some great great
conversations about life and work and
family and your mental health and just
you know when you go on those tangent
conversations where things just snowball
into other things and then you're just
like oh my god I want to keep talking
but we need to go our separate ways for
the night that's kind of what happened I
actually think I'm just going to spend
the rest of my night in this hotel room
I feel like with all the traveling
that's been going on and being
surrounded with so many people I haven't
really had that much downtime unless it
was to edit for vlog minutes or take a
nap so I'm actually very excited to just
sit down and chill on my cell phone
maybe watch some other people's vlog
mrs. stuff like that I'm so excited so
that's kind of my plan for tonight
tomorrow I have an entire day off I want
to meet up with Harrison Harrison Webb
we've been texting about meeting up and
I haven't seen that guy in a hot second
so that's gonna be fun but all in all
this trip has been so awesome I feel
like I successfully captured a lot of
really really good moments that I'm so
happy to be able to look at for the rest
of my life I've been getting a lot of
comments in all the vlogs being like who
are you with blah blah blah in this
video I'll actually link all of the
youtubers that I've mostly been with and
have been traveling with and then any
other unfamiliar faces are most likely
talent coordinators and managers from
gleam and stuff because this was a
agleam trip oh my god miss FaceTime call
from my mom let's call her
Hey - yeah I'm filming right now you
called me well assuming we have true I'm
gonna be coming home the food just got
here
looks so good hey how's it goin vlogs
just do a little face time session this
looks so cozy cuz there's a blanket
under that oh this is like such a good
view right now this is great have you
been just like give them a quick joke I
don't know okay um I did um Santa not
deliver the Christmas presents oh my
gosh why because um she was knocked down
by a missile there's so morbid are you
kidding me anyways is it imma let you go
cuz I know your mom is calling and um I
just want to document that I have
friends guys Thanks I love when I just
force people to be on my vlog to try to
make it slightly more interesting um but
I was just talking to Stefan for a
little bit I was helping him read lines
for audition that he has and it's so
funny because I keep forgetting about
time zones and so it's super late for me
I mean super late isn't 9:20 p.m. but I
was like good luck on your audition have
fun tomorrow and he was like I I might
call you like an hour again to practice
and I was like oh my god wait it's like
totally only 1 p.m. for you time zones
weird man anyways right now I am
uploading vlogmas day 8 and I was
actually so pleasantly surprised with
the footage that I got yesterday because
I got like a nine minute video out of
this which I real I didn't think I got
that much footage so that's great
also completely forgot to mention this
but YouTube rewind 2016 recently came
out and a few months ago I helped film
that so you might see my face in there
somewhere a few - oh ok
falling yeah I've been getting a bunch
of screenshots from you guys and stuff
and it was my first year being a part of
it and I was so happy to do it
it came out so cool shout out to any
youtuber that still uses PicMonkey I
literally use this website for all of my
thumbnails and pretty much any type of
photo editing I need to do that's not on
my cell phone I don't know why I'm super
techy and I love
technology and like editing all that
stuff but for some reason I'm just so
stubborn about learning how to Photoshop
I feel like I just have PicMonkey down
if I need to edit something delete
something move something around like
I've mastered PicMonkey to the point
where like I will use different effects
for things that are not its actual
purpose if that makes sense
and I'm just so stubborn about learning
a whole new thing like what I you know
Photoshop users please tell me if I'm
missing out on like a whole new world
because I mean like what would I don't
know
you
