so like how long do you do this here is
a quick outfit of the day I think this
is the river island but it has our neon
in it so good breakfast time
vlog is day 8 is it a it's 8 already oh
 wait can we talk about the fact
that like it's exactly 901 and we're
ready we're going down for breakfast
we're good today we're good yesterday we
were like an hour early we were hey guys
hi umm yeah how do I get out there but
just jump ok yeah let me just get out
here real quick hold on oh all right
1 2 oh ok lots of pheasants what we
finished up with breakfast I didn't want
to vlog because everyone was just tired
but we just finished up packing a room
is kind of a mess but we've got our
stuff in order and we are going to just
kind of explore around this place
because it's beautiful there's a bunch
of stuff outside let me show you guys
the view which is absolutely insane I
think we're gonna go through that way
yeah we're gonna go explore outside we
just walked out and this is the front
yard so here's the house so beautiful
so I guess the owners of this house
literally bought it for people to rent
out and usually they have people come
here for weddings since there are so
many rooms it's such a great place for
huge groups of people to come together
do we hit go you can go around right
yeah it's cool because last time we
stayed in a hotel and this time it feels
a lot more homey because it's really
just all of us taking over this whole
place do you I start talking about how
comical the past 24 hours have been as
far as Wi-Fi because so many of us
youtubers are participating in vlogmas
and we don't have any Wi-Fi to upload
any videos or anything somehow I was
able to upload to Instagram that
I am don't know how certain spots of the
house you'll get like a little bit of
signal but it's been a nightmare no it's
actually nice to kind of disconnect and
not have to worry about it
it's not squishy nuts Crozier is this
door open
nope Maddie used to play tennis tennis
team and we are all disapproving of this
court there's no way a tennis ball would
bounce in the right direction or let
alone bounce feel that what oh oh and he
runs away Eddy runs away good morning
dang this is gorgeous
continuing with the tour when you walk
in and up the stairs this is where we
were last night and I love this giant L
couch that just chillin over here and
then I really want to take you guys up
to this hallway cuz it was so pretty
it's so bright in here right all of the
cars have arrived and it is time to say
goodbye
that kind of rhymes I'm gonna cry
Louisville I better die I'm gonna die ha
ha ha
so like how long do you do this
wha-ha-ha we have no energy can tell
well we're just excited for internet oh
you don't know let me get on that trade
the Wi-Fi out here teases us so you'll
get a notification saying like someone
likes your photo or something yeah and
you'd be like oh yeah I gotta have it
yeah and then you try to like click on
the photo and it just doesn't load
Claudia I took up all the Wi-Fi poles
yeah - Instagram
back-to-back I got the last drop I
managed to get one up oh yeah I got
because I posted it in such a rush and
now I can't see like what it looks like
oh yeah you need to be Lindo Simon and
it's too late now to delete this be like
how about we are back on the train
heading to London and I just finished
editing vlogmas and right I just
finished editing vlogmas day 7 i had 70
clips to go through and like over half
an hour footage and so much of it
it was just unusable because it was
ridiculous and loud and blurry but I am
seriously sitting here like peeing my
pants this is so funny
one of you guys is going to have to
change I mean I started it Claire show
us your neck
I think she got it probably just
finished up with all of today's
traveling so train uber another uber I
just now checked into the hotel that I
will be staying in for the next three
nights and we're still at the Hoxton
same hotel but different location so let
me give you guys a little hotel room
tour
it's pretty similar but a little bit
different who's the bathroom similar
layout except the tiles are different
it's like a chocolate brown got some
mustard yellow going on great lighting
little mini fridge this circle mirror
which is so dope I took an Instagram of
it in my previous room and then the bed
is super cute I really really like these
pillows I'm already thinking of my
Instagram incorporating that pillow and
then yeah we've got a nice manly man
chair and I'm totally gonna sit in and
be a man focus there we go so I just
washed off all my face makeup and of
course had to put on the essentials ole
henriksen truth serum let it dry for 30
seconds Clinic dramatically different
moisturizer yeah besides like these two
little dots right here I'm so happy
where my skin has been at for the past
few months because this is the longest
my skin has been this clear for so long
it's just like it's dewy it's good the
reason why I'm bringing this up is
because I got a lot of comments about my
skin on vlogmas day five because i
didn't really wear makeup throughout
that video on the airplane and yeah I
guess my biggest tips for clear skin is
to a wear as little makeup as you can so
when you don't have to wear face makeup
don't wear it's let your skin breathe
hydrate your skin wash it every morning
and night I also do believe in less is
more so obviously with makeup but also
just don't go too crazy with the face
products
I feel like moisturizing your skin is
great all that stuff but when you start
getting too much on there your skin just
starts to rely on it and then your pores
just get clogged I think the simpler you
go the better I always keep it super
simple I just do serum
a few times a week I'll do a face mask
if I'm feeling it and if I really have
something that I want you know to go
away on my face then I'll use this like
drying spot treatment lotion on my face
and just like got it on the pimple and
then that avoid the makeup drink your
water you guys know this stuff so I've
actually got a few hours to myself which
I'm so happy about because I definitely
want to take a nap I'm so tired
but also I want to finish the final
touches to yesterday's vlog upload that
I just uploaded the other one so we good
with that so it is 4:30 right now which
is so strange because it's already dark
out so it feels like it's nighttime
we've got dinner plans at 9:30 p.m. this
place called dish um it's like it's a
Indian restaurant out here and
apparently it's super popular we tried
going last time but there was an hour
and a half wait so we're able to get a
table for 11 people and the soonest I
guess was 9:30 fully we've got like
three and a half hours until we sit down
for breakfast so I thought a nice little
meal would help me get through the
evening got a Caesar salad oh my god I
haven't gotten ready that fast and ever
I just woke up from a call because I
woke up late i napped and I did wake up
from my alarm we're all meeting up for
dinner some leaving now and I just got
ready and we go
and yeah this is the look it's very
simple
what's up we are at issue which is super
popular Indian restaurant here a lot of
our food has just started to arrive and
all of those
we ordered a bunch of stuff off that
menu and
best way to do dinner
be a family Mike and I
we've been trying to like convince
anyone and cable to also get mr. Pethick
not only did we order the most out of
everyone this little little trail right
here just one hand are we going to do it
I don't know we're doing it loud and
proud
that's what you got to do you got to
work it cut to five seconds later the
waiter just stopped by - and we quit
before pinning so we didn't get
our you're like yay loud and proud no we
didn't get it the waiter just surprised
us with little passion fruit drink wow
that's so good oh my god I just got back
to my room it's almost midnight so I'm
going to end the vlog here thank you
guys so much for watching today's video
and I'll see you guys tomorrow bye
