shake is my wife's out hello everybody
welcome to vlogmas day 6 I'm filming the
outro a little out of order it's
actually the night of the 6th but today
was such a weird day it kind of felt
like two days squished into one if you
guys watch my last video then you would
understand what's going on but basically
I flew here yesterday which was on the
fifth but I landed on a six but with
jetlag and everything it felt like one
long day very strange so I don't really
have that much footage today's vlog is
going to start when we land from our
flight I hope you guys enjoy vlogs day
six here we go
bye all of the marbles suitcases this is
absurd we've made it to London
energy level like a solid one right now
what is it like la time right now 4:00
a.m. or something and I got four hours
asleep but over here is 2 p.m. so I I
don't know what's going on
we're just informed what our hashtag is
for the trip slash party and it's
hashtag
for a while like is it up feeding it
gleaming of a wide grin sum up if this
ain't me see going crazy with whites
yeah
first impression of today's hotel room
Oh
oh this is so nice the jazzy music oh my
gosh this is so cute let's check out the
bathroom
whoa yeah oh yeah that's cool a lady
just came over with some champagne and
it says hi Claudia welcome to the Hoxton
Holborn I think that's how you pronounce
it please enjoy this bottle of bubbly
and 25 pounds towards your breakfast
have a wonderful stay why do I keep
manifesting free alcohol into my life
right now update it is now 7 p.m. so I
weirdly kind of feel like I just pulled
an all-nighter with like a quick quick
few hour nap but I've been editing the
vlog that you guys are watching right
now and I also showered and got ready
because I'm heading out to dinner soon
because I haven't eaten since breakfast
I'm just absolutely killing my body with
a lack of nutrition and sleep today but
that's okay I think we're grabbing
dinner soon but I'm just finishing up
editing first quickly changed and now
heading over to dinner we're at Denton
look at how cute this is guys we're like
in the background everyone's gonna be on
camera just accept it guys be okay with
it who let him know guys my favorite
person our favorite the world's favorite
person is here it's Mike oh my goodness
I love that it's not in focus my camera
actually dies everything happens reason
um the guys so look at the spread guys
we've got so many things going on I love
it thanks
alright okay you are not as they say
okay
yes sir so close
hey Mikey I've been documented oh yeah
I'm not gonna ditch you no trust I need
everybody get it shut down there yeah Oh
what's rice Rick put some spin on it Oh
fastball like a 45 miles I'm sorry I
just want to say we're being great grams
across no you ready piss it off please
Jake is my wipes out the sound effects
amazed you really stand for this
that's your fish might be easier we have
some space I'm going to use that as my
motivation because you're haters on your
motor years I think
oh no no I guess to celebrity why do I
tell you all last take because you give
me this look where you're like you have
a crush I did this first right I'm not
at all just like anyone get you can't
wink
just try your best oh I'm going slower
than that I really thought that was so
good anyway oh yeah I'm gonna put some
nice like seductive music in the back of
that look who joined us we all just just
casually from Paris Paris just came for
you grab just came back from dinner I'm
going to upload a vlog post a five and
edit this video and everything will be
back to normal
starting tomorrow just traveling has
been weird so far it's an amazing time
and I'm so so excited for tomorrow it's
gonna be good it's gonna be good I am so
freaking tired all right good night guys
