Wow good morning guys welcome to vlogmas
day 4 just uploaded yesterday's vlog had
a bomb-ass breakfast right now get it
quickly like make my bed and clean my
room up a little bit but while I'm
cleaning up my bedroom I'm gonna wear a
face mask you guys already know which
one's my favorite it's the fresh black
tea instant perfecting mask this stuff
seriously makes your face look insanely
perfect you ready ready as I'll ever be
my gosh always coming in with the
five-star gourmet meals Wow guys good
job good job
this is today's look it's really not a
look at all the studies from forever 21
wearing some leggings and my little
Calvin Klein slip-ons
I gotta turn in case we're going to Best
Buy
that's that I need to pick up some
camera equipment we need some batteries
we need a new tripod things like that
alright so you need to really do
something
just take your time why is this the
cutest thing ever it's like a little
display that needs me living this living
room I would want like an L couch to
like I feel like I would settle with
that photo
can you do your best imitation of
Claudia ciske and do it best my home
real quick oh yeah
hey guys it's Claudia long this day for
ya um so today I got the Manfrotto the
Manfrotto what would you call this a
tripod it's like a really small tripod
though for vlogging for a blogging
because that camera that you guys are on
is friggin heavy like really heavy and
it's just weird to hold yeah um so this
is great because you can just grab like
this what is that thing that is a little
square for your thumb okay okay I see
you tripod tripod and then I Claudius
loose key got a battery exciting
partially because I know this battery is
gonna die soon but also like a whole new
different wrap ah big this alladia yes
Claudia can you open it the wrong way
well there's a clear visible place right
here nobody looks like a little
helicopter yeah oh my god this feels
sturdy yeah she does hold my guys listen
to it ready Oh try oh nice oh my god oh
my god Oh
like delegating Chris well sorry about
that guys
honestly we've been doing that a lot
today we just like get into wanna I was
we're listening to it on crossfire by
Steve and even and I basically had an
exorcism
yeah like start rolling my neck drag
oh nice you feel like feel like give it
a feel oh my god yeah
this is I come back to YouTube with this
thing oh my god g'day that's saying a
lot
it is so gorgeous out today so gorgeous
the weather is beautiful the sky is
beautiful room is beautiful population
is here right now
I'm scared right now oh my god yeah yeah
is this a non vlog this moment shy yeah
hi
oh my god it's straight up looks like
you're ready it's so bumping right now
at Sephora
froggy
and your tray
thanks for payment Anna
yes Tangle Teezer we got oh my god I'm
it's not a life rose but snow and it to
go look at her she's in saying everybody
also we just spent two hours and optom
so oh you all yeah I can literally title
it like chop chop my mom use he knows we
all know we all know you guys even know
so we're at Barnes & Noble now and this
this is this is my spot right here teen
romance guys I'm going through a phase I
recently read a beautiful disaster
finished in like two days
who's that hi Sierra hi
shout out guys comment down below book
suggestions as well if anyone who knows
me in real life and wants to pick on my
tickle wait I need to restart that if
anyone wants to tickle my pickle this is
how you do it these are the coolest
cards in the entire world are you
kidding me are you kidding me that is so
cute wow wow wow
Wow your mommy of the muffins guy muffin
man raspberry raspberry wait you know it
you know it good newspaper gonorrhea no
did you well my buttholes really lose
Drew and I are having like a little
throwback conversation we're watching
old vlogs of mine and I was just
laughing about the fact that like when
we first moved to California me and Alex
ADA's had a huge crush on this guy
Nathan never told me though I didn't
know until like a year later
oh we have a biggest crush on him
because we're like oh my God he's so hot
we need to turn him straight and we like
track for two weeks and I'm like gave up
that's no funny it is now 8 p.m. I'm
about to start packing because tomorrow
I leave for London I'm gonna be there
for six days so I'm very stoked before I
get started in that I quickly wanted to
do a little tough shop all the way I am
justifying this is because I returned a
lot of things and I purchase online so
of course I couldn't help myself
Oh for starters the Hat that I've been
wearing all day is from Urban Outfitters
I feel like I'll get questions on that I
got two scarves because it's pretty cold
in London so I wanted to bring these two
with me they're the same exact scarf
except we've got this camel color and
light gray supersoft not itchy I
purchased two pairs of jeans because I
don't really own a lot of blue skinny
jeans that I like so this first pair is
pretty simple they're lighter wash and I
just really like the bottoms because
they're kind of roughly cropped and
chopped and the second pair are a little
darker and at the bottoms at the back of
the legs you've got these little flower
design
and I thought they'd be so cute with
like black boots and a leather jacket
purchase this white t-shirt or some rips
throughout it lastly I got two leather
jackets which might seem a little absurd
basically for the past like two years
I've been trying well not really trying
but I've been meaning to buy the perfect
leather jacket because the two that I
own right now one of them is just way
too puffy and bulky and it makes my
shoulders look big and then the other
one is like too tight and too cropped
the first one is a little more casual
it's like a lighter black it almost
looks like a dark grey I feel like it
just has kind of a more biker rougher
vibe and then the second one is a little
more fancier it's all black and it has
like a tighter fit so it's going to be
great for going out while we're here the
reason why I'm going to London is
because my management team has a
Christmas party every year we had one
back in the summertime as well but every
Christmas all of the talent and staff
come together and it's basically just a
reason to get to know everyone and hang
out it's awesome it makes you feel like
you're just in this family and I'm very
very excited to see everyone so I'm
going for that but I also do have some
filming that I'll be doing actually have
no details on it but I know I have a
shoot on one of the days I kind of
decided to make the trip a little longer
than I needed to just because every time
I fly there I feel like I'm only there
for such a short amount of time so I'm
very excited to be there
for like six nights almost forgot I want
to show you guys which book I ended up
purchasing ask you guys on Twitter for
recommendations and a lot of you guys
recommended all the bright places I've
never heard anything about this book so
I'm very excited and I will probably
read it on the plane ride over to London
yeah now on to packing I've planned and
packed up most of my things also looking
hella cute with this acne treatment I
hope you guys enjoyed watching today's
vlogmas I had a lot of fun editing it as
he gets power
