guys like the Chrissie's music well
somehow I got dust underneath the lens
of my camera because no matter how many
times I wipe it these little orbs dust
particles whatever would call them they
show up but also kind of looks cute kind
of looks Christmassy
let's just be try to justify this
welcome to vlogmas day 3 it is about 10
a.m. and right now I am heading to a
breakfast with Hudson so I just got to
breakfast just kidding but it's really
killing it right now clearly I did not
vlog at breakfast i straight-up brought
it up to Hudson to he's like great can't
wait to hear you be like going out to
breakfast with a friend and then not
have any footage and I was like no I'm
gonna get footage you'll see and then I
didn't get footage now here we are in
bed talking about budget it doesn't
exist
um so huh breakfast was great now I'm in
bed editing yesterday's video and
getting that up and then I'm gonna start
editing in the hall that I filmed
yesterday because this might be crazy
but I'm thinking of uploading that today
too I really want to get that up ASAP he
is okay who can agree with me on this
freshly washed bed sheets greatest thing
in the entire world nothing beats it oh
my gosh like everything just feels so
crisp and and fresh and this is really
making me sound like I never wash my bed
sheets I do nothing beats that like
first day crispy I am talking about this
way too passionately hi hello it's now 4
p.m. just recently got the sports bra
and I am feeling it yo
to SoulCycle haven't worked out since
like tuesday i we learning pages of
research focus let's go Dax come here
right look who's home you're crazy right
now
guys this is Dexter a little pup you
haven't met yet oh my gosh she's so
happy right now
I couldn't prancing around whoo for
those of you wondering he is a mini
Australian Shepherd I feel like I'm
gonna get a lot of comments he has an
Instagram account I'll link it down
below we've got a full house tonight
olivia is my new roomie we're all sick
we've got a full-on ensemble going here
yeah oh my god so mad show me but
because okay girl can't do anything in
this household ugly bill true when it's
vlogmas time i don't know if it's ready
yet do you think it's so ready it's
peeling off like a banana peel
so that's your space mask oh hi hi
like this is bad
you don't think that what's going on
behind this camera is bad I don't know
if you guys can hear that but straight
up there's like a party going on
downstairs it's almost 10 p.m. and I am
uploading my haul my voice is starting
to go away and I am getting very very
tired I actually think I'm gonna head to
bed soon I feel bad I feel like
yesterday's vlog miss and today was
super short is long since my name is
Wade I love vlog with my guy for we
offer you a Christmas Carol please you
guys don't you understand literally
right before you busted in here I was
saying I'm so sorry that Chase log was
just so sure and uneventful and then you
guys just came in and saved the day
killing it opens what hey are you guys
going out it's Saturday it's it's
Saturday that are gay happy so all
begins come so I can't participate
Oh me
I love them
what sweethearts yes yes yes I swear to
God every time someone comes into my
room I'm filming we've got another guest
like you sweater oh did you tell them
about like well I'm fine I'm on the same
page she is it's a quantity over quality
right oh my god I'm so quantity over
quality I love it yeah really reminds me
of my Urban Outfitters sweater oh so
cute Oh mom is taking apart
I'm gonna get together oh my god
oh yeah blog me taking my kids to school
oh yeah mister I really do I miss my
bender yeah I miss your body I need a
lot of air back here I know I know how
many people call right now call you
Titleist say I did something illegal
okay hey you guys for fun Claudia likes
to stick gays in the trunk because she's
homophobic Oh guys can we all give it a
thumbs up for okay yeah cool do I do
everyone on the body
Oh
thank you so much Don yeah thank you so
much your dingus have a fabulous evening
my man have fun sleeping bag let me move
a little bit I'm blocking traffic right
now new title causing traffic by god I
can't wait yeah I can yeah I can send us
ok ok now it's alright so much it's over
now huh this is really making me want to
get a new one I'm gonna go brush my
teeth go to bed because I'm so so tired
I was just reading a few comments on my
last two uploads and I wanted to quickly
acknowledge this because everyone keeps
asking about it I'm not gonna be using
my silver Advan calendar thing that I
used for the past two years and put
those little chocolates in two reasons
the first one being I have no idea where
it is I don't know where any of my
Christmas wreaths are or my advent
calendar and secondly I'm traveling a
ton this month I'm actually not going to
be here next week I will let you guys
know when that day comes but yeah I'm
going to be gone from the 5th to the
11th and then I'll be back here for less
than a week honestly and then I go to
Chicago so it wouldn't really make sense
for me to have an effing calendar in my
room but I hope you guys enjoyed today's
vlog and I'll see you guys tomorrow
see
