Oh looking rough good morning welcome to
vlogmas day 2 I literally just woke up
came downstairs to make some breakfast
so
I've yet to like wash my face like any
of that I'm gonna make a smoothie got
some strawberries in there lots of
spinach yeah full banana I've got a lot
of fresh fruit right now so when I use
up most of it I'm going to be adding
some frozen blueberries as well just to
make it cold and a little more smoothie
ish
I'm also adding this superfood powder
into my smoothie I've had this stuff was
just almond milk and it tastes so good
it's from humm helps boost rating skin
energy metabolism with raw organic
greens adopted Jin's enzymes probiotics
this is the vanilla and berry infusion
flavor and it tastes so good I also have
this flavor which tastes really good on
its own which is almond milk it's mint
chocolate chip
infusion yeah opening up my bath and
Bodyworks cyber monday package and this
is the mostest buying thing in the
entire world you pop these open up pull
it out tis the season basically today
I've just been getting my things in
order lots of laundry lots of cleaning
I've been like vacuuming my floors and
cleaning my bedsheets clothes all that
stuff I can definitely feel the sickness
now by the end of last night I thought
that I was getting better and I wasn't
really feeling sick anymore but I think
because I just wore myself out for so
long yesterday and didn't really take
care of myself as far as you know taking
any dayquil or drinking a bunch of water
stuff like that I feel like I'm back to
like negative 6 so this entire day has
been feeling very draggy
and everything's just taking me a very
long time even just talking to the
camera right now I'm getting exhausted
ah yeah
hated it hated it I just not my it's not
my sushi did you eat the sushi with the
fish over the rice I did like trust me
like the whole thing
did you eat everything though yeah I
tried everything I sided and finish some
of the things what did you Thomas Murphy
I don't know leaveit XR so weird for me
did you like the hen rolls yeah but by
the time I got in the ham rolls I was
literally fall so it's just like I don't
want to be here that is so no disappoint
you know well I tried I'll give you that
I'll give you that it's that time of
year again we're bringing it back I'm so
excited oh my god gorgeous so happy this
camera honestly why do you always go out
of focus hey it kind of looks cute
though I'm gonna take a quick 30-minute
nap before I get ready and if I get
ready in time I might film a main
channel video but that is me really
raising the bar and setting my
expectations high we'll see I don't know
how we just did that but somehow I was
able to get ready and film an entire
video so we just did that hell yeah
scuri sickness you can't take over my
life you kind of did for my first half
my day but not my second has my ticket
ah guys words here's the evidence we've
got all of the clothes that I was
showing on the ground had this Octagon
light beaming off of the ceiling to
bounce back on me and the ring light
I've still got some time before I have
to head out so I guess I'll just start
importing footage I swear I like dayquil
makes me real peppy oh where it comes
from want to do a little outfit of the
night my outfit is very that is worn
calling BRB back to the outfit of the
night pairs at a topknot we've got a
little skinny choker from Nasty Gal
I believe this little sweater dress is
from forever 21 I love the little label
right here it says bad habits and it's
like rubber this hoodie was actually one
of my cyber monday purchases so you will
see it in the hall I just filmed and
then underneath I'm just wearing black
leggings and then I'm
wearing my nude heels booties that have
like clear little heels and this is the
part of the outfit where it's like whoa
casual you don't care you don't care BAM
I'm kind of really feeling it I don't
know I joined with bags yeah you guys
does everyone know if Lago says it's
right you bought your day weight to them
okay Lauren hi hi we're trying to help
these dummies edit a video or film a
video and it's really not working save
will be on vlog this next year we're
reaching for the stars here I don't want
to talk to you I never wanted to talk to
you in my life let's get it on table
what's up it's the next morning I was
way too tired to even attempt to film an
outro clip so that is what I'm doing
right now I hope you guys enjoy today's
super short and uneventful vlogmas vlog
I promise I will try to do better for
vlogmas day 3 but I hope you guys
enjoyed it and I will see you guys for
tomorrow's video
