while this is here oh my goodness
welcome welcome to day one of walk moves
2016 I'm gonna be vlogging for the next
25 days what today is December 1st the
way that I like to do vlogmas is I start
on the first December I know some people
started walking yesterday to have the
video up today but for some reason that
just doesn't settle well with me I feel
like I have to do it from December 1st
and 25th so this video is going to be up
tomorrow so everything is going to be
going up the day after but today is also
kind of the worst day to be vlogging and
starting all this because so much is
going on and on top of that I'm also
sick which sucks right now I am at spork
Foods which is actually a place where
you cook vegan meals and you eat it the
reason why I'm here is because I am
currently filming at awesomeness TV
dating a show I can't really give out
too much and I won't really be able to
film a lot of it either I'm just
starting vlogmas day one flip it out in
the hallway
yeah it really stinks though because a
few days ago I started feeling sick and
today is definitely the worst day so far
I pulled out every single trick in the
book yesterday I was swallowing garlic
cloves dayquil nyquil alka-seltzer
freaking what else is there tea i napped
I did it all guys and I'm still sick so
that's great yeah it's going to be a
very fun and productive day
let me show you guys around this is what
it looks like in here
Oh Heather
Jenny these two sisters are awesome and
if you guys live in the LA area
check out sport foods been so good
honestly okay so we just wrapped the
shoot they were so cute we made little
veggie burgers here's the pan we made
some milkshakes and yeah it's awesome
you can come here you can learn how to
cook you can bring a date bring your
friends whatever you want after this our
next shoot is going to be at an aerial
yoga studio so I'll be sure to show you
guys what it looks like but I'm so
excited because I've never done it
before and I've been meaning to we're
packing everything up right now now
we're gonna relocate eat some lunch
we'll get started what up and then yes
that's what's going on and we just
wrapped on the second shoot here we are
this is what it looks like super cool
this is Kimberly say hello hi guys this
place is called up flying yoga I think I
also have their info down below if you
guys want to check it out in your Miri
oh oh that's really harsh light but yeah
we basically did like stretches and work
out some pieces and things in the ribbon
it was actually very terrifying I did
not think it was going to be that hard
it was good so now we are heading back
to Austin Stevie and I have a really
interesting shoot coming up with Lauren
Rebecca and Hunter we're going to be
Christmas caroling in a car my energy is
like here and needs to be like there but
we'll get there we'll get there
for this next shoot we're going to be
singing Santa Baby and in preparation
Meredith right now is playing the ariana
grande version for us
Nick is in the front say what's up well
so we didn't realize how sexual this
song is either we're taking it like that
because listen to this voice
I'm gonna miss it I'm gonna visit the
commute guys check it out on awesomeness
TV and there's Lawrence face up not
important
just got to awesome this and I am fixing
my makeup up I just changed because
we're doing a Christmas themed thing
someone finally showed up yeah so I
guess we're starting off by recording
vocals hmm I think she's hi would you
just make me scared yo she's hot sands
it baby slip a sable under the tree for
me I've been an awful good girl santa
baby so hurry down the chimney tonight
that's better I've been an awful good
girl santa baby so hurry down the
chimney tonight and they here they are
they are back ladies and gentlemen and
now I have the camera beauty here is not
enough huh sorry what can you say like
nobody told me what a voice is so little
I can't hear it
oh because I'm an L was any different
too much I'll say I'll do it for to tell
them what your nose I'm gonna throw this
terrible birthday balloons face yeah so
I just make sure I had funny I had
funding so I'm good now you need some
sort of benefit well she's not gonna
turn around to a car named Laura yo you
got it that's pretty good
I mean she maybe yeah is my impression
than health because as we can see I'm
very good oh I know what they are like
I'm going to do it and it's not scary
what you said yeah yeah
anytime now
looks scary no oh my god no no dude it
is so Christmas out we've got the
frosted windows Wow look at this oh my
like I literally holy oh my gosh the
floor great vibe what a festive day one
vlog I know you're getting lucky yeah oh
wait that's us
oh my god we get to see what we look
like look oh this is good
the fact just now starting to film is a
little little scat concern people get
hunter go on his little motorcycle
oh there's headlights there's headlights
your song run me over
I honestly will don't worry I never
learned how many hours later is it since
I've last logged
three probably like three we're still
filming how is everyone energy-wise got
about a zero a zero
I met a good doesn't it look like a car
this literally looks like a Chris I know
look at this got a little viewfinder
right here I'm glad that's focusing nice
camera Claudia yeah Claudia great logger
didn't pay a little more for the DSLR
nice g7x this is very standard vlog guys
wait so none but there's no filming oh
she's shooting this right now lip balm I
just wrapped an awesome sets to go back
to their offices but I say we go to the
cab thank you Vegas thanks thanks Lee
nobody really nobody niggas sleep ladies
dinner ladies dinner ladies dinner
ladies dinner bread sugar flush we're
eating sushi what's new yeah it's also
like 10 p.m. right now kids you're all
kind of crazy you know where man it's
time to separate it see you in 24 hours
no honestly like we always say I'll see
you in FaceTime in like five minutes
love you man and we are home and the day
has finally come to an end
I think I got a package in the mail guys
it's a package from Bath and Body Works
I'm gonna hit that up later because I
know it's gonna be heavy I got a lot of
candles from Cyber Monday aka definitely
expect a cyber monday haul I don't know
where anyone is right Oh Maddie and I
have officially convinced Dru to finally
try out sugar fish it's sugar feet it's
an Friday yeah it's a sushi place out
here I have never heard them talk about
something so passionately like they are
both like screaming obviously it's not
listening in on the conversation like it
was so going it swirled it much no so so
absurd I would be joining but I've had
it two days in a row now and she's good
for your skin you gotta grow up
it's that glow up that December glow up
yeah
which it drew has been in a funk so this
is my to-do list of December like things
I just want to do and this is this is
not true this is not the jury that I
know in love if I wrote a note like six
months ago it would have been so cute
yeah I think that my works were gonna
ever done ever that's okay oh also
there's like soups video and then we're
like he turns around and were like drew
I'm sorry no but you're turning a new
leaf this month you need to get a new
sheet of paper he walks out with this
the paper is all crinkled you're like no
are you kidding yeah and then he ruin
the next one too in a in a funk I'm
actually gonna end off agnus here
because I'm super tired we're all gonna
go to bed and then we're gonna work on
the morning and I knew that all this
stuff and where is this energy coming
from I don't know it's probably the
sugar fish all right I hope you guys
enjoyed vlogmas day one I can't believe
this is our thing Maddie is also doing
it I'm very I'm living for it um I'll
see you guys tomorrow
