what's up everybody if this setup looks
familiar at all that is because I just
finished the outro of my last vlog and
I'm now starting the intro for the new
vlog got tattoos yesterday if you want
to see more be sure to watch my last
vlog I explain it all I filmed it all
it's great so today is Monday and we are
jumping right back into it I've got
another brainstorm meeting at 3 p.m.
that I got to go to and then also I'm
going out to dinner with my management
team my agents and my family over at
awesomeness TV because I've officially
joined the awesomeness TV Network which
I feel like was so overdue because I
obviously have been working with Ausmus
for so long so very exciting news right
now my main priorities are to quickly
clean my closet and bathroom because
somehow those get dirty so freaking
quick don't know how that happens and
then also I need to finish editing
yesterday's vlog and uploading that
let's go clean my bathroom
that was my how what kind of axle is
that just finish editing at yesterday's
video so currently waiting for that to
upload to keep myself occupied for the
moment I am currently playing village
life which is a game app that um I'm
getting into I would like to thank
played emic for partnering with me to
introduce this game with you guys this
is what we're working with right here do
you see it can you see it shout out to
my girl lauren at the top growing up my
favorite games have always been the ones
where you're raising families and you
get kids and you're building houses and
like cities all that stuff that is what
i'm about so basically in village life
you're guiding these villagers through
their life getting them to date making
babies making families expanding the
more you expand the more land you start
to discover as well so your village just
gets bigger let me show you guys what
we're working with here oh gosh he's got
a lot of needs we've got little huts
we've got a little dance circle to keep
him happy you got to find food crafts
tools do all these like little tasks
let's gather some water Amelia you're in
charge see like I want to figure out
what's here and
what is here there is so much to
discover if you guys want to join in on
this fun time then be sure to check out
the link in the description box to
download village life and also get 50%
off babies on Black Friday Black
Friday's coming up you got a week go it
all be down there and we have got six
minutes left cooking myself some lunch
zucchini onions green beans mushrooms
and some salmon also I made so many
vegetables a girl can try
we'll see if I can finish this all I
don't know how I just did that but I
just managed to make my lunch eat it
quickly get ready because once I head
over to my meeting I'm going straight
from there to the dinner okay I needed
to pack my actual dinner outfit and
bring it with me
and right now we're focusing on full-on
comfort and then also keeping my hair in
a bun so that it has some sort of volume
and curl once I want to pull it out for
dinner BAM life hack okay pro tip always
always keep a giant packet of gum in
your car that will last you at least
half a year I don't have this in my car
for so long it saved my life so many
times not trying to walk in there with
salmon breath you feel good having the
one about shadow yo
to stay Great Dane
obtain um sorry buddy um it's it's 5
p.m. now so we've been going for two
hours we've got one more hour and then
and then we're heading over but uh yeah
here's just a little documentation for
you guys all right back to the meeting
by E and just like that we have made an
out change I'm wearing this little
bandage style top from Topshop these are
the pants that I want to have talked
about their little like suit pants and
they're striped for shoes we got these
bad boys oh yeah so I know see this is
like I couldn't do it we just wrapped up
our little family team dinner everyone's
walking away from the camera this is the
table thank you for being in my vlog but
yeah we are heading home now it was
fabulous it was great don't you nail it
my agents right now are making fun of me
for my tripod
what's the tripod team you know what I'm
gonna go zoom off and my little Prius
have a great night guys
okay but so many complications and we're
on step you got honestly goodbye goodbye
oh my gosh that is hilarious we're going
right now I have no sense of direction
advice for anyone getting a tattoo in
the near future
do not wear shoes or things that are
going to rub up against your tattoo and
then last minute have to go to a gas
station to get band-aids
I am so terrified to undo these shoes
and make sure that my tattoo is okay but
also this is just me being a noob and of
course being terrified that something
wrong is going to happen so the other
day I pulled a little prank on Lexie so
do you guys remember all those
starbursts that I got I was originally
thinking on just putting them all over
the house you know kitchen cabinets get
everyone a little confused but I thought
deeply on it and definitely came to the
conclusion that Lexie would give me the
greatest reaction wasn't wrong she's not
home right now otherwise I would total
be bugger about this and ask her how
many she was found so far but um are we
good are we good oh my gosh guys I'm
freaking out do you see that part of my
tattoo literally leaked onto the
band-aid oh my god I'm freaking out
I don't even know how many we have let's
check one two seven nine eleven we've
got twelve let's do this I'm going to
start off simple and just throw one
under her sink definitely under the
pillow backpack here laundry back here
chef's welcome to this purse zip that up
nicely one in her shoe let's pull one
back here we can do another one in her
bed you think in one of her coat pockets
zip that up and then there there we go
my job here is done all right to do a
story time and I'm a little bit too
tired to even tell it but trust me when
I tell the story you're gonna be like I
understand why you want to tell someone
I went to my room to go take a shower
and go into pajamas so I looked through
my laundry to get some this so one of my
roommates obviously did this but I'm too
tired to like talk to them about it so
I'll bring it up in the morning right so
it's gonna forget about it until I step
in my shower and I look in front of me
another one I'm naked and wet and
bothered
mostly because I have to back sedate
sincere likes to barber so much then get
in bed it's all dark I'm just trying to
like put the coppers on me until I hear
crunch and obviously underneath my
covers I don't know which one of you
 is doing this but I don't gotta
wear these it was this whole thing
you're doing is you're psycho all right
y'all we got some comfort
on this and to make matters worse when
she admitted to it she goes and you just
wait ha ha ha it's about three days
after that evening and Lexi still has
yet to find all of them hmm
bye guys
