and I am gonna go start my day off with
a workout a little zoom in on those my
mature abs let's go I'm in such a good
mood today
worked out showered got ready right now
I'm gonna grab some coffee and head over
to Meghan it ranks his place
she has an advice podcast called don't
blame me and so I am going to help her
out with today's episode I have no idea
what questions are gonna be honest I
think it's all happening in real time so
we'll see if I'm able to give any soul
advice but I'm excited
shiny I love it this is a really good
setup right here would you look at that
okay I know we're not in Cambodia
anymore
what are we doing right now we are doing
my podcast don't play me thank you
listen Claudia's gonna be on an episode
you start it I'm so excited I'm gonna
happen in your life yeah I know I'm
super super low budget super low yeah
low maintenance I'm gonna link the
episode down below or just in general
like because I know it's on soundcloud
right but it's out on the podcast app
and don't blame me dot show we're doing
a good this is different things and and
if you want to watch the visual it's
gonna be because we are also we're also
doing it on camera as well and that's on
my inter gentleman Meaghan ranks I think
that those so called
yeah yeah give me a give a one hour
later let's just give a little recap
okay so we talked about cousins dating
we talked about bondage mm-hmm we talked
about the Trump oh we talked about
grabbing life by the balls and very fun
time so I recommend you guys listening
to pretty funny you're great you were
really great I really yeah that was my
first time podcasting ever but I think
vlogging helps cuz it's essentially the
same thing but yes like and you're good
at talking and you're gonna talking to
there's there's a level also of like not
talking over but like putting it in put
it like I've already been said I'm not
and that is my own podcast well first of
all you are good no I have jokes that
I'm like everybody stop talking I have a
job you like hold on hold on wait wait I
just need to savor the moment are we
ready to have you back on it was so good
you give good advice we try we we really
strive next stop we're heading to the
grocery store currently working on some
stuff on computer also having a nice
little midday snack a little protein bar
I've talked about these with you guys so
freaking much but I'm obsessed with them
they're called rx bars and basically
they're just made out of whole foods
there's no like added soy or gluten or
dairy or sugar or
all those like processed things every
single bar has their core ingredients on
the front so this one has three egg
whites six almonds four cashews two
dates no BS and then depending on like
the flavor this one also has like
coconut flavor sea salt and coconut in
it and some cacao but that's it
incredible I always pick up a few of
these when I go grocery shopping because
I love like taking them on the go or
honestly eating them as a dessert
because they're so sweet the one that
I'm getting right now is coconut
chocolate but they come in like 11
different flavors mmm
if you guys want to try these out for
yourselves you can get 25% of your first
order if you visit our expert comm slash
Claudia vlog and then at checkout enter
the promo code claudia vlog they're so
good
I swear ever since I moved the desk to
this position this is like my most used
room now which is so great because it
was the complete opposite why didn't I
finish yesterday's vlog I'm trying to
think why did I do with my life clearly
nothing entertaining this morning I woke
up super early and I went to a SoulCycle
with Megan kicked my butt I haven't gone
in probably two months it was a bit of a
reality check but you know I'm in it
also I really really want to try Pilates
I've yet to do it we were talking about
it so comment down below if you guys
like it because I feel like it's the
perfect workout to like work and tone
your muscles but not bulk up I don't
know we're a little safe we'll see this
is the setup right now
just finished filming a video I asked
you guys on Instagram if you wanted to
see a no makeup makeup look because I
get comments about it all the time and
this was the final result very happy
with it I'm also throwing it back and
I'm gonna make it like super a nicely
edited I filmed all the product shots
I'm gonna have the voiceover just
because I feel like it's been so long
since I've made a video like that I'm
really really hungry I'm gonna do that
you guys look at how cute my mom is she
got these like Gucci style hoodies with
this stranger kids ensemble on them and
it's so cute and she's sending me one so
she's like giving me color options and I
went with the white one the more I get
to know Alexa the more I'm realizing
she's just such filed in a what 23 year
olds body yeah that's why I need a nanny
hey it's zero Cal's what's happening
over here wait this is so cute
talking about
you had you did so well in there I know
I killed it look at these nails though
okay
my name is her
