always today is going to be a fun day
we've got some things planned and I'm
really excited to take you guys along
last night I actually stayed in and just
filmed all night Claude was being a good
youtuber Chloe Lauren didn't really wake
up feeling their best selves today I was
just facetiming them so before I head
over there I'm gonna quickly grab some
wellness shots for them I guess by the
time of the video the thumbnail you guys
will know what's happening today but
we're planning on getting tattoos today
which is so exciting I've been wanting
to get a tattoo for so so long but that
kind of stuff I usually just wait until
the opportunity just hits me in the face
and I'm like okay now's the day now
we're doing it we got the goods cute
cute cute cute cute and happy November
Lauren is a little little excited well
okay I mean first of all we're youtubers
so like true I don't know what that
means yeah I'm all we go home for the
holidays I need to milk this exactly so
what's up with the S first of all you
saw I was like it's it is that for Santa
or something Oh Stella
I love under Katie oh my god I was gonna
film the beastie yeah you know somebody
just like keep going anyways um Stella
got into Lauren's wellness I could have
it though
oh do you way to smell it so darling you
know I need to wash this race yeah
Stella you're giving me so much vlog
content thank you
Caerphilly
and every single thing
we're at little pine
I got avocado toast so we got a
breakfast sandwich
I'm going to Lemon Poppyseed pancakes
with coconut whipped cream grilled
cheese it is a good I'm so excited
so my arm
she's got a little time yeah right now
we put inside
it's beautiful oh my god she's beautiful
I just tried Chloe's coffee and I'm
convinced that it tastes like there's
soy sauce in there ultimate test and
loves right reckon it tastes like
someone done maybe like half a shot I
get so many soy sauce fives is anything
or feel anything
none amazed yo yo yo okay that was a
quick bet the door has a lock on it I
mean ask for a key look at her go a wild
Claudia going to the bathroom she think
she is gonna poo there's Claudia she's
going into the bathroom to be told how
do you ever get into this but we're
actually gonna kill her this is
happening right now oh my gosh I can't
believe this is happening
so all I need to draw up right yes oh my
god no you just got your birthday too
well ah me day of the day Lauren's
getting three today right now you're
getting the star mm hurt a little bit oh
my gosh
Chloe how you feeling
that's right breathe I'm excited
Madison parent I just don't know what
this girl anymore
this is my body or show hi this is my
mom to me takes my hair down to get a
tad iced and leftover Sharpie from a
trial and error trial and errors Chloe
how do you feel I'm excited so weird to
say to myself in the pain like I
mentioned to Lauren earlier a little
stuff to tell ya it allows us I felt
anything in general yeah really excited
to any emotion from that I'm like still
living everything this is e news um yeah
this is Chloe partly people call me
Chloe pearl is because I wear like kitty
says oh yeah I get a lot weird looks
other than excitement like are you
nervous
it makes me new and now I come to have
more interested two hours later we are
tatted bada-bing
Claudia like photos respond last minute
I really did I was gonna do the star
like right here on my torso next to a
freckle but then I chose the arm because
it's more visible and I'm gonna say
that's watching me house
when your grandma responds your snapchat
with what we're at Chipotle right now
and that we're ordering so we all
figured out where all the avocados have
been going because we're in a drought
right now so that's great it is going
ship a little late I just unwrapped my
arm it's so good oh my gosh I am so
freaking happy with it low let's see
yours
what 2 L is for Lucy and Lutheran house
and which is my last name in my sister's
name yes
did I got a star for Stella thanks I'm a
star I see four cloven quad whoa
haters oh my gosh guys I'm like so
nervous to see this oh no Stella's gonna
play with that yeah sure it's time yeah
it's definitely time Emily was saying we
could take it off once we get home oh
I'm more than in love with this oh my
gosh oh yeah SoDo I was oh my gosh this
is so good so that was all the footage
that I got yesterday it is no the next
morning and I wanted to film this outro
clip but also I wanted to quickly
explain the meaning behind my tattoos
because I didn't really explain it in
this video starting off with shine which
goes along the back of my ankle on the
inside I've wanted this tattoo for a
while and it's definitely more of a
mental reminder than hey look look at
this tattoo when I originally thought of
this one I actually
wanted it on the bottom of my foot I'm
not going to pull up my foot because you
know people have foot fetishes online
but I originally wanted it on the bottom
of my foot right in the middle going
horizontally and just really really
small but because I wanted single needle
Emily the tattoo artist recommended that
I don't do it on the bottom my foot
because the ink will I think she was
saying fall out or something but it'll
fade and it won't look good she was
saying to stay clear from underneath the
foot so I brought it up and put on the
inside my ankle I'm gonna try to explain
this without being as cheesy as possible
my favorite word has always been shine
because you guys know that I'm all about
your mentality of being reality and
being able to find that from within
yourself and bringing it into your life
and spreading it on to others and all
that stuff you guys already know I guess
it's just kind of a mental reminder that
no matter what situation I'm in who I'm
talking to what mood I'm in what
opportunity comes my way whatever it may
be in every single moment I have the
opportunity to exert shine and happiness
and positivity I don't know I think it's
awesome that I and really anybody it has
the power to light up a room and really
just shape how all of your life
experiences go just by changing your
attitude and your intentions so yeah I
told you guys it was it was gonna get
really cheesy I was texting a friend the
other day and he explained it perfectly
he was saying it's really hard to
explain people you know a tattoo idea
without sounding cheesy or whatever but
sometimes it's more of just a feeling
that the tattoo brings you and that
resonated with me so much I look at this
tattoo and it gives me a feeling more
than this large explanation you know
what I mean like I'm trying to unfold it
for you guys but for me it's really just
this feeling that is inside of me and I
just want to shine it out oh my gosh you
guys get what I'm saying I'm really
really happy about this one and then I
also got the little star on the inside
of my arm the star one kind of plays off
of the shine and I guess the feeling
that this tattoo gives me when I look at
it is you are boss ass lady and you're
freakin special also I just thought that
these star was cute in itself I mean I
obviously overuse the star emoji way too
much in
every single Instagram and tweet I just
think it's the cutest little thing and I
was originally planning on putting this
star uhm how am I going to show this I
have a little freckle right here and I
was going to place it right above right
here and kind of like I don't know have
them next to each other and then I also
have a focal right here and I was
thinking of putting it right here don't
any of you dare say that those spots are
cuter than the arm because this is
permanently on my body but the reason I
went with the arm is because this one is
so much more visible to me and I would
rather be able to look down and see this
versus someone else being able to see
one right here I feel like a bunch of my
friends have tattoos all over the place
I was talking to Jeru yesterday morning
and I was like I don't know I like these
spots but then you've got like the
classic elbow spot but does that one to
basic and he literally pulls out his arm
with his she's seashell and he's like
are you calling me basic right now so I
think because so many of my friends
already have tattoos in this spot so I
was kind of like and but at the end of
the day it is such a good freaking spot
I think it's so subtle but it's still
there and people can still see it and
you can see it everyone wins yeah that
is the explanation for both of my
tattoos I just wanted to say that
because I am assuming a few of you guys
will be curious and then to answer any
other future questions that I could see
reading will I get any more tattoos
definitely not in a rush at all yeah I
just quickly wanted to come on here
explain that real quick and say goodbye
to you guys I hope you enjoyed today's
video I feel like I'm already starting
vlogmas doesn't it kind of feel like
that because I've been vlogging so much
I guess I'm just mentally and physically
preparing not only me but you guys as
well so I hope you're ready mm-hmm
bye
