super-quick we had like the D what's up
guys welcome back to my channel before I
get into what I'm doing today or
actually start vlogging I did want to
acknowledge that today is a very weird
and sad day for a lot of us if any of
you guys follow me on Twitter then you
will very well know who I wanted to win
last night and kind of my viewpoints
it's really really terrifying to think
about how it's one thing for so many
people to be disappointed or angry about
you know who ends up becoming president
it's a whole another thing for so many
people to be scared and fearful for
what's to come because of last night's
results for anyone who feels with me all
we can do is just stay hopeful and give
him a chance and if anything this is the
point where we should all be coming
together and staying hopeful not
screaming at each other or anything
because what's been done has already
been done you know what I mean I don't
even want to talk about this anymore
I really don't it's gonna be a two-bed
kind of day here's today's get up jeans
are brandy melville heels are Stuart
Weitzman forgot where the hoodies from
it's like Daniel something and then a
forever 21 little bra underneath also
wearing a choker from choke me jewelry
and revolve let's come Jax buddy baila
tune oh my god big scared of the glass
guys look at the little fence we have
going on here little puppy guard bye
guys
mom's off to work earlier this morning I
had a little shoot in my bedroom
actually which is very convenient
because all you have to do is get up and
get ready super quick we had like the
weld ah you guys know what I was just
listening to it's a Taylor Swift and a
the director came over sound guy
producer and it was super quick spreesy
right now I'm heading over to revolves
showroom in preparation for their winter
formal party tomorrow which I'm so
excited because revolve throws the
cutest best parties ever and then after
that I have a meeting and a really
really exciting one look at how little
this coffee is oh my gosh the tall size
is so cute when you - this song reminds
me so much of driving in Jack's car
touring houses to move in - this is
making me feel nostalgic I just made it
to the Raval showroom and it's a little
crazy right now because they have
clothes that they're unpacking and
putting up and getting rid of like
craziness usually it's like super
perfect and clean so it's funny seeing
it like this but got some pieces picked
out so I'm going to try them on right
now the main room I was just in is right
there and I just want to show you guys
how cool this building is like these
lights and this Chanel surfboard there's
also an upstairs that leads to a rooftop
where they throw a lot of parties but
also their bathrooms are always crazy
fancy like what this wall we were so
cool just got back into my car the
ladies over at revolve are so freaking
sweet I got my statement piece for
tomorrow
oh yeah oh yeah we are doing a crazy fur
jacket with like an all-black outfit
this is what I'm planning in my head
right now
what up mid meeting things are going on
calls brainstorming I want to show you
guys these two cases that I just got
your motive I
excuse me did you just did you just say
and cut yeah that's at any time this
cuts when I say it cars mic everybody
you really night this is how I deal with
basically every week these two so
awesome I love case two Phi so both of
these cases are actually transparent my
phone is black but we've got this one
with bugs all over and then this one
when I throw it on it'll look like black
and white snake kind of pattern English
can't really speak right now that's
what's that's what's going on work yeah
this is really great lighting by the way
wow this is good this is really good
yeah this back wall has windows it's bad
advice honestly I'm a little what word
should I say upset I'm growing a lot of
FOMO right now I'm disappointed in all
of you every one of you in this office
yeah this is so I'm in the middle of a
meeting with Mike your phone went off
and you're like oh shoot I need oh we
need to head out soon they're all going
to a trampoline place to all have a a
team bonding experience I am here at
least once a week honestly like I should
have my own desk in that corner but I'm
not even gonna talk about that have fun
guys I'm getting sushi anyways so guys
check this out starburst sent over a
duffel bag of so many starbursts I need
to figure out what to do with these I'm
thinking of hiding them around the house
and not saying anything and then just
see how long it takes for all the
roommates to be like where the hell are
these drivers coming from maybe if I put
a pack in every single cabinet in the
kitchen I don't know I'll figure it out
I'll figure something out you guys not
film it so ha ha ha I would use my pants
but I rent I have to put the directions
on my fingy and I just saw my case and
I'm so loved got to put in that address
two things for starters I feel like any
clips that I get in that office are
super goofy I promise I'm equally as
professional as I am goofy in there I
just I feel like I needed to state that
it's about 4 p.m. now
little past 4:00 p.m. what are you whoa
do I fit sorry
my gosh sir that was a very tight
squeeze you need to be angry let me
explain what just happened there real
quick I was on a red light behind
someone that was going straight but I
had to turn right and I did not think
that I had enough room to turn right
because it was very close to the curb
and he just freaking freaking okay sir
the relationship that I'm building with
the parking what is the what is called
parking attendant parking guy I don't
know I don't know his name is Eddie and
he's always out there giving you like a
little ticket to put on your dashboard
and it's so funny because Eddie and I
see each other all the time now so this
friendship is really starting to bond us
you know we were talking about the
weather you guys know I'm like so lazy
with washing my car and just like
keeping my car in check you know so I
was like that one girl that would always
leave the little ripped off sticker on
my windshield wiper and just never get
rid of it and so every single time I
visit he always needs to like take off
the old one put in the new one now he
just doesn't even give me any he's like
okay you can go I know who you are we
talked about daylight savings real quick
and how weird it's been ever since the
clocks went backwards how do you guys
feel about it I kind of love it because
I'm making about like 720 naturally now
which is awesome it's just so weird
though because I feel like I'm ready to
go to bed by 8:00 p.m. I'm talking about
this because the Sun is setting and it's
literally like 4:20 right now whoa 4:20
was long way to dinner body you just put
your hair down the log is hot though so
she can
it was very funny but we are at waiting
semester dinner ladies dinner every
every every dinner is a ladies dinner
here on Discovery Channel we watch a
wild lurid approach or a hoe did you get
write down your shirt she did it for the
blog clothes here okay yeah it's been a
it's been a day um we're gonna keep
eating okay that was so malicious of you
delicious yeah you know when you use a
zit cream spa treatment whatever you
want to call it on one pimple and then
all of a sudden you're zooming up on
your face you're like what if that it's
a pimple what if that's gonna be a
pimple and then you basically cover your
entire face clearly I am back home now
and I'm gonna get ready for bed yeah
today started off as a weird day but it
ended off on a really good note with
really good people that I hold very
close to yeah I love you guys so so so
much and I hope you enjoyed today's
video
Hey
