what's up everybody welcome back um oh
my gosh uh man totally just saw me
talking to the camera and smiled and I'm
still talking and so this is really
awkward
um hi oh my god I feel like he's still
looking at me I'm like really scared and
he is gone oh thank god he's gone it's
about ten sixteen and I'm on my way to
my audition and I picked up some coffee
because I needed to wake up a little bit
I guess I'm wondering what I got I got a
regular iced coffee with almond milk and
then I had stevia into it simple Sally
just got back I feel good about it it
was very just short and it happened and
just it happened now I'm here getting up
to it you're practicing and thinking
about and all that stuff and so when
you're down you're like okay today's
agenda includes me filming a main
channel video so I'm gonna do that when
I come home right now but also I think
I'm going to dinner with Lucas and Noah
so I think I'm gonna text him right now
Lucas no he's canceling on us I just
texted I go all right fellas what are we
feeling tonight hmm I'm thinking around
8:00 you're gonna kill me and now I'm
the bad friend I just go Lucas I'm sick
and tired of your constant
don't mind the recycled pile that's just
accumulating in the middle my room good
morning it is my day the last clip you
saw it took place on Fridays so it's
been a few days
today's workout outfit is super cute
this little dancer crop top is from
revolve and then underneath that I'm
just ringing Nike sports bra one that
has like the lines on it these leggings
are from revolve the brand's strut this
and of course this fly dance let's go
just hello showered got dressed all that
stuff right I can't do this while
driving hold on a second
perfect right now we've got all of this
to take care of just a bunch of clothing
items and orders that I need to return
or exchange the really great thing about
living out here is that everything is
just so spread apart none of these
stores are close to each other
aka just give me a lot of car driving
today which also isn't the worst because
it is the greatest time to find new
music and just jam out got a look at it
the positive way okay so today's Monday
let's see this week is gonna be fun
we've got some shooting we've got some
meetings we've got some errands to run
hello this returning process is going so
well my first stop was Reformation
hands-down best forever and I purchased
two of their bottoms from online and
they ended up being too big on me and I
had to go two sizes down which like
hasn't happened in a while so that was
very exciting I got these like soup ants
that are kind of a blackish navy blue
they have super subtle white stripes and
like a zipper down the front so yeah
they're basically just trouser pants but
they're like the perfect blend of
business but badass if that makes sense
secondly I got this little high-waisted
skirt but it has a slit on the front
more towards the side and this may
possibly be the hottest skirt that I've
ever thrown onto my body it just fits
and hugs your waist so well I just went
into Urban Outfitters I returned a pair
of workout leggings that I just didn't
end up liking and got a few things in
replace of that for starters I've been
looking for a longer cardigan that's
just chunky and oversized and it'll work
great with like booties and jeans and
the white t-shirt or whatever and I
found the perfect one it's like a dark
charcoal gray it's so cute and it has
pockets to cut this guy's really
freaking judging me right now this is so
funny
anyways lastly I got a candle I saw this
at the cash register it's called North
Star and it smells incredible it smells
like a hybrid of a Christmas candle and
a classic anthropology candle so very
homey and fresh okay wow this is going
great continuing on with the car all
flog theme that is happening I guess
I'll just show you guys what I just
purchased I had to return something from
forever 21 and I got some shoes the
first pair is from Steve Madden and I
yeah that was loud I got a pretty crazy
pair of boots from Steve Madden watch oh
wait the heel is the best part and
that's what I was covering their patent
leather nude booties that go past your
ankle and they have a little clear
chunky heel I'm so excited to wear them
out really love Steve Madden for those
types of shoes where you just want to
kind of like step out and try to color
and then I stopped by Stuart Weitzman
because I've been meaning to get these
heeled sandals
they're so freakin long I can't believe
it took me this long but we are here the
day has come
they're just your classic one strap low
chunky heel sandals and I'm so so
excited to wear these like throughout
the day with boyfriend jeans and shorts
and skirts and literally every single
style clothing because these shoes are
super in right now and they match with
everything and good quality stur
Weitzman probably my favorite shoe brand
out there for the rest of my day I'm
going to be working at home I have lines
I need to memorize and need to work on
something else that I've been working
towards for like intensely two months in
the grand scheme of things it's been
like a thing for a year now in my head
and it's finally happening which is so
cool I classic like you can't actually
say what you're doing but uh it's gonna
be dope it's gonna be so cool really
throwing it back we see web cam out sure
today but that is all the footage that I
got for today's vlog I feel like oh I
don't even like wanna post it because I
feel like this video was so uneventful
there was a lot of me in the car and
that is actually all okay I went down
but maybe some of you guys Andre yeah it
is actually Tuesday night right now and
I just finished editing all this up and
stuff and I'm actually gonna head to bed
haha that was Drew walking into his
bedroom to go to bed as well I think I'm
gonna film my day tomorrow because
tomorrow I was going to be eventful and
productive and exciting but I love you
guys goodnight I'm going to sleep
