and we're back so soon ah
incredible it is not I am right now I
woke up at 6:20 just just guess what is
yep you guessed right it was for
SoulCycle
earlier this week Lauren thought it'd be
a good idea to wake up and go to a 7
a.m. class which doesn't sound that
crazy until you realize you have to wake
up so much earlier to get ready and
drive over there for the class was great
so we also have another one later today
at 4:15 we're just trying to bang them
out I feel like I already need to stop
vocalizing this stuff because you are
gonna get so tired of hearing me say
those words but yeah I didn't wash my
car yesterday so we're gonna go do that
right now a few things I've been getting
some questions so I'm gonna answer them
right here right now does Dexter live in
this house he will in a few weeks at
some point this month because one of our
room I don't even know if I'm allowed to
announce this but yesterday Maddie
uploaded a video basically saying it so
I think it's free for all Olivia O'Brien
is moving into her house in a few weeks
and she is the primary mother to Dexter
but it's mostly Maddie's and Olivia's
dog because they're always taking care
of him and stuff so I just play with him
every so often when I see him because
he's stinking adorable secondly a lot of
you guys have been asking if I'm going
to do vlogmas and guys guys Oh sticky
I've been participating vlogmas for the
past three years I would say so hell
yeah I got to continue the streak I feel
like it's gonna be kind of crazy because
I'm definitely a lot busier than well
it's just this is what happens every
year every year I get busier than the
previous one but you know I think it'll
work out I have a trip to London booked
up in December also a trip to Chicago
and so there's gonna be a lot of
traveling but they're going to be really
fun vlogs and yes of course the last
thing I want to mention was a quick rave
about something that I'm about to open
up and drink but it is this energy drink
it's called Celsius they sell them at
this health food store right where we
workout and so it's kind of just very
very convenient but it's an energy drink
that is probably the hell
this type of energy drink out there it's
got no sugar no high fructose corn syrup
no aspartame no preservatives no
artificial colors and flavors very low
sodium vitamin-enriched grin free being
accepted blue low buck that was so funny
it's I pulled in and saw the same dude
that I was talking to yesterday and he
was like hi Giggy Bob there's like
different types of washes you can get
from like you know a short simple one to
like a hole deep clean hole let me put
this down but the cross-strait I'm
embarrassed
anyway I looked around and I was like
yeah my car's pretty dirty he's like
yeah it's pretty dirty so we went with
the Royal freakin 45 minutes oh that's
what kind of stuff would cos snapchats
me this is like daily basis when the
petal underneath your feet is feeling
squeaky that's when you know they did a
good job oh this feels nice and then my
feet holding a black on my feet a few
days ago I purchased face wash off of
Amazon Prime for the first time I'm
opening this little box and likewise and
so what is in here three freaking face
washes great I am never gonna run out
while we're here I might as well mention
I really love the Burt's there can we
yep I really love the Burt's Bees deep
cleansing cream is this one that smells
like lemon I like how I don't even know
not mad about that one
since I last talked to you guys I have
been sitting in bed doing computer work
manager stuff emails I to write up an
update like a resume how did so much
time pass by what didn't what oh just
work stuff right now oh my gosh you guys
I can't stop looking at my nails I you
don't understand I haven't had nail
polish on in so long especially like gel
nice nails anyways I'm really hyper for
some reason I am right now getting ready
for my second workout of the day we are
going to SoulCycle yet again because
what else you guys know logging and
documenting this
Oh Oh God we're gonna go vertical oh
they know trust me no oh that is the
second building on our block that has
had a termite infestation just got back
obviously
lately I've really been into cooking my
own salmon on the pan so I'm going to
prepare that while I'm showering pretty
gorgeous messed up a little while
flipping it but it's all good here at
Loren's to watch the Cubs game lows in
her room clothes on the floor
Stella's over here before showering I
threw a fillet of salmon onto the pan
let it cook while I was in the shower
which is probably a fire hazard that was
the best salmon job I've ever done and I
wasn't even watching it yeah also can we
just talk about all the freaking snacks
Lauren always has oh my god she refilled
guys wasn't kidding we're obsessed Cubs
just got another point it's now four to
one Lauren just left to go to an event
so now khlo and I have a place to
ourselves this is becoming a thing why
are we always hanging out here when
she's not at home but right now I am
working on editing today's vlog
literally what you guys are watching
right now so that I can upload it
tomorrow
Stella's eating a bone on my lap right
now and she's going ham it's kind of
gross and soggy I had one more thing to
say well what was it
oh so Chloe's like taking a shower right
now so I just shouted that they got
another point and I go they have it in
the sack wait that doesn't sound right
they have it in the bag that you heard
of here first guys they have it in the
sack oh she does hit it
just here like this and munching because
they had an extra-inning
how do you feel about that style she's
pissed
well let's see life update we heated up
some pumpkin nuts chocolate bread and
also I am studying for an audition
tomorrow that I got earlier today so
working while I hang in a chilled up and
damnit I'm late I don't want to say
anything I don't want to jinx it but I'm
just I'm just excited to see what
happens
Wow for those of you who don't know
Chloe is also from Chicago so we're just
obviously I am home it's 11 p.m. and I'm
about to go to bed but I basically just
washed my face all that stuff and I've
just been running lines with my voice
memo self I do what you got to do and I
hope that you enjoyed today's video and
my past blog too and stuff bye guys
