oh my goodness it has been so long this
is so strange
okay hey guys welcome back to my vlog
channel this is what I'm gonna be
looking like for most of the day got a
nice little break out going on right
here this morning has been pretty chill
I made myself a green smoothie and I've
been watching vlog you mentoree
right here on my little computer it's
really really good I'm almost done with
it it gives you a very clear picture and
understanding of what it's like being a
youtuber more specifically a daily
vlogger so I can't totally relate to
that but you know I've had times right
vlog a bunch like vlog miss and all that
kind of stuff I also just got a few
packages in the mail and the first one I
just opened it up I bought myself B
iPhone a few weeks ago and it's here and
I'm so excited
workout OTD sandals from adidas adidas
leggings I'm pretty sure this is an
adidas jacket as well and then the bra
is from Nike yeah but today's going to
be a fun day pretty chill nothing crazy
right now I'm about to head to my
management teams office to stop by pick
up some things
say hello chat about work I seriously
love showing up and just causing a
ruckus and then straight after that I am
going to SoulCycle with Lauren and her
cousin Chloe she's awesome
lovin both within the last few months
we've all just become very addicted to
SoulCycle mostly because we want to work
on our bodies and our overall health and
it just feels so good and no other
workout compares just SoulCycle i don't
know i sweat so much in those classes so
it just feels really good and it's fun
to go with friends too so that's why I'm
currently in workout attire right now
I'm just gonna wear this for the day is
like Maggie's good where you going hey
guys so I've been chillin over at gleams
guys oh my gosh I'm so excited about so
many things
for starters can we check this out Real
Techniques came out with a marble themed
Beauty Blender kind of sponge thing oh
my gosh it's diamond shaped so fun if
you guys follow me on snapchat you would
have seen a bunch of face masks that
I've been
trying out from Freeman booth Allah oh
yeah
avocado where's Monica Monica this is
Monica's desk and this is what she has
on it yeah so it may or may not be due
days later from the last clip that you
guys just saw I know I'm sorry I'm bad
at this yeah I didn't end up vlogging
nurse my night I forgot but here we are
it's okay today is Friday Haleh weekend
is officially happening in action
actually Maya Halloweekend kind of
started last night because I ended up
going out and I didn't have a fourth
costume because I didn't plan for it so
I ended up being the most basic thing in
the entire world I wore these ears and a
white slip dress with like a black
jacket and for some reason I kind of
like a polar bear so that's what I was
going with right now I'm finalizing the
rest of my Halloween costumes that I
actually am putting a time and thought
into and I want to show you guys what
we're working with because I'm actually
pretty excited about this year tonight
I'm going to be a boxer so I'm wearing a
black sports bra little high-waisted
workout shorts this looks a little crazy
but they're black box and wraps that go
around your hands and the inspiration
behind this was this robe that I got a
few months ago from I believe NYX
Cosmetics I'm not sure I wish I knew so
I could say thank you but yeah a company
sent me a silk pink robe with my
freaking name on it which is so crazy so
I really wanted to incorporate that into
my costume this year so we're doing that
and then these shoes are from Lulu's I
believe yeah they're little open toe
like scrunched heels and it looks really
cool makes the look a little more girly
we've got Wonder Woman and I'm not just
wearing this week itard I'm going to be
wearing like black high-waisted jeans
with over-the-knee black boots and then
from Amazon I purchased these gloves
that like okay I can't just can't do
this in one hand but it goes from like
those should be coming in the mail
tomorrow I mean today and red purse
simple my favorite costume and the one
that I've been putting most effort into
is goth mermaid
I recently purchased these high-waisted
flowy pants they're from house of Seabee
I had the idea of being a mermaid
because I wanted to do really cool
makeup and so when I saw these pants
they kind of gave me mermaid vibes but
obviously since they're black I needed
to work around that and so yeah that is
how Gotha mermaid came to life but I
purchased this bra from Target just like
whatever I can find and then yesterday I
spent my day hot gluing a bunch of like
sea shells and starfish and then like
this right here is going to go across my
shoulder over and underneath the strap
and then this one goes over the bra and
it's going to kind of like drape down my
pants it doesn't look as risque as it
does here because these are crazy
high-waisted but then again it's also
Halloween so if you're gonna dress a
little crazy now it's the time to do it
I want to quickly show you guys the
aftermath of me creating this bra I put
my mirror right on these books and then
oh my gosh this is still on that is such
a fire hazard pulling that out anyways
I just have shells everywhere because I
was wearing the bra and gluing it on and
stuff to make sure that everything was
the right spot but yeah this is
something that I'm gonna have to clean
up Maddie and Olivia got a dog um and
he's actually here so I want you guys to
meet him his name is Dexter he's a mini
Australian Shepherd Dex
oh my goodness say I know I know I
adorable though there you go his teeth
are coming in so he loves biting
everything oh my gosh but he's actually
the most perfect dog in the entire world
he's so little we have like little pee
pads everywhere and stuff the puppy life
drew how's your day so far
and he's increased its it's actually
like taking care of a child I know but
now he's not cuddly like picture
deserves the cuddle now he's sore he's
done he's done the dirty work that's it
oh my gosh I forgot I'm making soup atte
toes we do in a bath tonight it's doing
it okay that looks sick good morning
everybody
yes it is another day I know this video
is all over the place but it's okay I
felt like I need some more footage so
I'm gonna continue vlogging today before
I have the door I quickly want to tidy
things up and I wanted to mention a
little tip for you guys or what I like
to do because it makes the cleaning
process so much quicker so much easier
so much more enjoyable putting on music
is kind of an obvious one but what I
like to do is section off my room so
you've got my bathroom in my closet in
my room and I set a timer for how much
time I want to spend cleaning it so for
my bathroom I'll honestly probably do
like seven minutes that way it kind of
turns into a game and so you kind of
just want to get everything done as soon
as possible
it's cool because you realize how
quickly you can actually get things
cleaned up it really shouldn't take you
like two hours so if you're sitting on
your bed right now and you're looking
around and your room looks kind of messy
pause this video and do that so to have
it for ten minutes and see we can get
done it's honestly pretty game-changing
so I'm gonna put seven minutes for my
bathroom and start with that that's
right I'm gonna go quickly do that to
those to my room let me just show you
guys what we're working with here
okay I need to get my car washed oh this
is so bad okay my defense it's worse in
the back it doesn't get as bad on the
side but um yeah like all of this just
just needs to go some reason I never
care about the cleanliness of the
outside of my car like I keep my inside
clean there's you know there's nothing
going on here but the outside of it I
never care because I never see it since
I'm always the one inside well
that was a freaking fail I just drove
over and there were a lot of cars and I
only have 45 minutes until my car
service appointment last night I was
laying in bed trying to think of video
ideas which I feel like I haven't done
in a very long time I don't know I feel
like I've been a very shitty at YouTube
lately youtuber ah
I don't know I'm just going through her
face anyways last night I thought of a
really really cool like lookbook short
film idea and I haven't really felt this
inspired or excited about something
regarding YouTube in quite some time so
I'm really excited about it I want to
try to start planning it today and
making sure that the shot that I'm
assuming I'll be able to get is going to
look exactly what I want it to look like
type of thing if you guys feel me
it's a p.m. and it's jimta let's go
