ah what it intro I think I'm getting
sick
holy moly I am vlogging it's been way
too long this summer has been insane
before I start vlogging the rest of my
day I want to mention that I landed from
Chicago yesterday and on the airplane
ride I was having the time of my life
leading up to my flights at best
feedings asked to sponsor one of my
videos and I was like you know what I'm
gonna try it out and the fact that you
don't need Wi-Fi to play this game was
kind of what sold it for me because you
don't have Wi-Fi on a plane so best
fiends is a puzzle battle game where you
match same card objects and you feed
your little fiends that you grow and
you're also defeating slugs if you have
this game downloaded which you should
because it's free on the App Store I
want to know what level you guys are at
because they're coming out with new
levels and if you play on August 6th you
will get a free gift so be sure to click
the link in my description box to check
it out but yeah I am currently on level
32 do you wanna focus there we go
so that is pretty much what I was doing
on the entire plane ride over here but
oh my god I've so much to catch up with
you guys okay the last time I blogged
was mammoth I think yeah Wow okay so
things are a little crazy and hectic in
my life right now as far as work it was
really nice big home because I was able
to just take a breather and relax see my
hometown friends like seeing Finley
stayed with me during Lollapalooza and
Stefan was with us so basically it was
the greatest weekend of my entire life
and it was really cute because my mom
kind of posted the whole thing for us
because Lexi Finley slept over and then
Stefan would come over like every
morning and he slept over the last night
but every single night my mom would cook
feasts for us and so we'd come home like
11 p.m.
from dancing all day to this beautifully
made and set table and it was so great
so we had like our nightly family
dinners and it was just so so so cute so
I'm gonna throw in some footage of my
Lollapalooza right now
I miss it doesn't that just look like
such a great job I'm sorry my AC just
kicked in and it's probably extremely
loud next week I'm flying to London for
a few days and you guys will see more
about that I'll probably end up blogging
that trip a lot of the kind of business
sears ID of my life has just been
changing and transitioning and meetings
are happening and all this stuff so it's
all really exciting and it's all really
motivating because I really feel like
I'm back on my work grind and I'm just
ready to conquer this planet but I have
a lot of pre-filming to do this month
because I am going to be not living here
for the month of September I'm going to
be away shooting something which is so
exciting I can't wait but I'm going to
take you guys off of this well thinking
now because I'm starving and I want to
go grab some breakfast basically I kind
of feel sick ish and it's probably
because I was exposed to a lot of germs
this past weekend so I really want to
get some like wellness shots and other
things that classic Los Angeles smoothie
places own let's go do that stuff car
haul breakfast drink oh yeah I got a
smoothie it's called a flax master
smoothie and it tastes so good
I got to wellness shots is this even
entertaining for you guys a powerful
immune booster with press lemon and
ginger Oregon oil aged garlic and
cayenne well it's awful I got some
master brew kombucha because I feel like
everyone is always raving about how
great these are for you naturally
energizing live probiotic amazing
alright my room is kind of a mess right
now
so we're gonna clean it
so I am currently sitting on my bar
drinking kombucha cuz we still don't
have bar stools this is something that
we need to get but I'm just hanging out
with one of my new roommates I don't
think I've announced this anywhere I
definitely have not I could you do you
guys recognize that voice did you
recognize that voice
Oh Maddie's living with us hello it's
because she has little braids so cute
she went to a shoot yesterday we're also
with Jacob Maddie's boyfriend
sep 14 al lives in Lexi's old room at
the bottom down stick and it's looking
so cute yeah I am completely if it looks
nothing like Lexi's room and I turned
she never really showed like the second
room in the heart of it cause she just
used it for storage but like I you mean
like a living room kind of but I give
you my desk area and all that means
check out my channel I'm gonna get the
good for EXCI lives upstairs in Jack's
old bedroom and it's cool it's great
we're thinking of finally getting
barstools things are happening lately
I've been trying to eat a lot healthier
so I want to show you guys a salad that
I prepped for the next few days
basically when I stay with my family at
my mom who loves making really intricate
salads with a lot of different
ingredients and then she puts it in a
giant bowl for the week or for the
family and then rows in whatever
dressing she wants and I got a little
inspired so I made this huge salad
yesterday and basically we've got
cucumbers lentils grapes chicken onions
I diced it all up threw it in here and
I'm gonna add that with some spinach and
I'm going to try this dressing which
I've never tried before but it's sweet
and spicy mango vinaigrette
oh hello hey Lex where'd you come from
the tree the tree yeah I time on the
tree because I saw like a really great
big you're literally in the shot wait
but you were so gone for so long
oh right oh my god
okay essentially I need to show you guys
what Lexi's talking about I would I
haven't seen her for the past like few
hours that's why I thought she went
somewhere we have a fig tree right
outside of our kitchen okay
so this is the fig tree it's huge and
look at there's so many of them none of
these are really ripe but I guess Lexi
climbed the tree from down there
actually see a few ripe ones right there
but it's cool because you can literally
pick it off and eat them and they're so
good five stars for fresh fruit back to
lunch I'm just going to scoop some of
this into the spinach every single time
I prep meals it's such a tedious process
like cutting everything and whatever but
it's so worth it because I love this
this is so easy
I'm pleased so often times when I eat I
like to watch something and I don't know
what sparked this interest but I'm
watching the first episode of the first
season of Teen Wolf it's just something
that I never got into and I'm just
curious to see I mean obviously I know
what it's about but I don't know I just
kind of wanted to see what the vibe is
what what their deal is so I'm currently
watching the first episode and I was
watching a little bit before I was
eating now I am working on editing a
main Channel video it's actually going
to be my first back-to-school video
actually I'll show you guys a little
sneak peek if you want Boop it's that
thing it's like an organizational
planner board thing and I show you guys
how I made it it's really cute so I'm
excited that should be up in a few days
though because that will be my X video I
hate to admit it but I'm totally getting
the cig and I hate it so I just took a
shot of dayquil and I'm gonna take a 30
minute nap because after that I'm gonna
head to the Grove to buy some things for
a video and Lexi will be coming with me
I think ah I hate admitting what I'm
sick because I feel like this second I
just admit to it and I know it's
happening it's totally gonna happen and
it's totally gonna happen see you in
half an hour
like click look at these looks we're
serving woo so cute give me a spin look
at the skirt guys Oh cute flex and I
just got to the Grove and I feel like I
never go here anymore because I live so
far away but how cute is this little
park area there's blankets people are
doing cartwheels I'm so obsessed with
this it's basically frozen juice / ice
cream
it's my pressed Juicery and it's so good
I got the vanilla flavor we are in
anthropology right now one of like the
cutest stores ever and we're just
talking about how much we want aprons
kitchen I had on like a cute outfit I
was like I don't want to get this dirty
I should get an apron tell me if you
guys agree with me but no one r8 really
use it that's so true
just imagine being like a hot milf
you're hosting a holiday party and
you're wearing this while you're like
finishing up the meals this one's cute
it's like color-blocked oh my god that's
so oh my god
but I love how it just like ties mom
away my grandma to this day when she
cooks she still wears an apron so
grandma Gladys
she's like the cutest 92 year old woman
gotta love water so aprons are so early
in person look it up shout out team
internet respond is playing right now
hello we just got back home almost 10
p.m. and man am I tired I'm gonna drink
some vanilla caffeine free tea I don't
know why I'm giving you as all the
details but I'm gonna drink some tea and
I'm gonna go to bed I hope you guys
enjoyed it today's forelock and yeah let
me know if you want me to you were these
on Wrentham days like today bad guys
