hi of course the day I decide to vlog is
the day that I literally have nothing
planned I really couldn't have chosen a
more boring day this week it's - happy
Tuesday I feel I'm sorry Tuesday let's
catch up a little bit the last vlog that
I uploaded it was on set for the commute
with Stefan so we officially wrapped
filming that and that was so much fun it
was 2 weeks long and honestly still
experiencing withdrawals from it so that
was a great time I think that's gonna
come out this summer which is super soon
but also so exciting because I can't
wait to see how it turns out this week
is kind of chill for me I'm going to be
at pre filming things because I'm
actually going to Chicago next week with
Logan and I'm so excited to show him
around my town and just be like a cute
little tour guide this is my favorite
restaurant this is the park I used to
play at this is the love was that eyes
Jupiter I don't know we'll figure it out
what's the last time I visited Logan I
actually had a swollen face because I
think I got like another infection from
my wisdom extraction surgery so for the
first three days of visiting him I was
just like half chipmunk half human and I
initially was gonna belong the trip so I
do have some clips of me just looking
ridiculous so I'll put those in if I
still have them
hello or just chillin this is adventure
number four venture number four is got a
lot planned we can't even get into our
place yet well we're a few hours early
is probably Clutton right here this
let's ignore this swollen cheek guys
it's gonna be here all weekend it's not
going out so let's just make friends
with it guys got a swollen cheek and I'm
still slight like slightly sick we're a
mess we got a little bit of cold going
on but you know we're gonna have a great
time such a villain cat this is expected
of like what can't we call I can't look
at my face seriously with these cheeks
okay just the groom oh I know
okay so right now we're playing hot lava
again I guess more so me yeah I got my
lava boots on today lava boots on we're
currently packing up our things and
putting it on this cart because it's
time to check in everyone what's the app
but wait are you sure shirts so we're
gonna tell them about demonstrate yeah
yeah okay
you want me to pointed at you and you
hold them up um we could just do like
this backdrop there we go this is good
so me and Claudia like to take a lot of
adventures yes and we want to get a
souvenir kind of type deal or a memory
from each place right postcards are cool
buttons are all right and pom chains so
we decided every place we go we can get
cool sure
kurt well cute lowish t-shirts that's
the front oh right guys we got the same
shirt a long sleeve like good material
honestly 10/10 I'm excited Park City
Utah
okay so right now let's see the time it
is 11 o'clock and I have not left my
room yet so I'm gonna go go shoe
shopping cuz I don't have a lot of food
at home this is the get up right now
yeah holy holy holy holy
 holy Sh
just got back from chair Joe's oh do
grocery haul so two days ago I ate a lot
of Lexi's pita chips enough to have to
buy a second one for her I got some
almond milk because I've been craving
cereal so much lately buying organic
fiber owes whole grain goodness
seriously so good love it
ten out of ten got some sugar snap peas
because like when was the last time you
had sugar snap peas I got some maple
syrup because I like to make waffles
I don't open you / just like put in my
oatmeal of course got two bushels of
bananas I got a whole lot of
strawberries because they looked really
luscious baby cut carrots and lastly I
got some sweet potatoes so I really buy
that much
I'm leaving in less than a week so I
don't really need anything oh and then
the best part of all walked into the
store looked up and saw that it was
peonies season my favorite flowers in
the entire world are peonies if you guys
have never seen these before you might
think that they're not that cute but I
bought some that haven't bloomed yet
because the blooming process is the most
exciting let me tell you so I just got
like light pink whitish ones and they're
gonna be so cute I'm gonna put them into
water right now cute yes I changed my
shirt now that I'm thinking about it yes
this is the shirt that you guys saw
earlier today in the throwback footage I
did not do that on purpose I just
genuinely wear this shirt a lot but I
wanted to give a little throwback to one
of my earlier vlogs where I got to film
a really cool video or Skechers and
their team and I got to vlog my days
there because they sent me new shoes in
the mail and they're so cute and I'm
wearing them right now this is like the
weirdest foot shot ever if they're all
grey and they just have a little pop of
color and so I want to say thank you and
if you guys have not seen that blog then
it will be linked down below over there
it was cool got to raid their
headquarters so I think later tonight a
few of us are heading over to Alex's new
place because
Alex Wyse a dubs she's actually moving
and she just received the keys today so
she invited us over and I want to go see
the place so I'll bring you guys there I
think for the meantime right now I'm
going to do some computer work pay some
bills I'm parking ticket I have to pay
for it which is so rude and uncalled for
not butthurt about it at all it's only
$68 um and then yeah I'll see you guys
from there we'll see where life takes us
after that you guys are probably really
confused with what's happening right now
we're not like something Devils we are
actually hanging out outs of new plays
what's up she doesn't have water
don't with that mess you just have
water and we have Parrish and we have
carrots I brought back carrots but
there's no electricity or working
toilets
thus we brought candles and we're all
sitting in a circle so let's just take a
little hello great can I send you as
long to put in over this right now yeah
it's like I just thought of a song
that'll ear because we're sitting in a
circle here it is the song continues so
it's actually the next morning but I
want to show you guys this before I
upload but they already started to open
up that is so crazy it's literally not
even been a full day you can see like
some of them are so smaller but yeah
this is this is what they actually look
like and guys they smell so so good I'm
so happy all right hope you guys enjoyed
today's video bye
