legacy hey guys welcome back a few
things number one I'm sick so if I sound
weird that's why I'm getting over a cold
it was so bad like two days ago that
voice but we're good down this has been
my best friend also if my face looks
greasy or oily at all it's because I've
coconut oil over it cuz my nose is
getting really dry and stuff what this
week has been so insane and today I
decided that I want to vlog my day
because I think you guys would find this
stuff cool I don't know we'll see right
now I'm in the middle of filming a show
called the commute with Stefan Argus and
it's so much fun I'm actually on my way
to set right now today is Thursday so
we're actually on day 4 and today's the
first day that we haven't had like a
crazy early call time where I can wake
up at like 6 a.m. so it's actually only
10:30 right now yeah I'm excited to
bring you guys along to set because
everyone is super cool and it's always
such a fun time and this is stuff that I
want to remember when I'm older so
that's why we're also we're also doing
this whole thing yeah there's go by me
first stop
creation because I've been eating super
unhealthy and I really I need like green
smoothie in my body or juice or
something something or other
I'm so happy about this right now
what's up so I am in my trailer right
now this is what it looks like
we are parked in a parking lot you're
setting up food over there
I brought my robe because it's gonna get
cold tonight and Miranda the stylist she
was like bring a fuzzy robe if you have
one so this is pretty much what trailers
always look like you got a toilet sink
mirror for the last two days we were
shooting at houses which is really cool
because we didn't have to chill out in
these we actually had like him like a
house to sit in and stuff yesterday's
was so pretty they had a swing in front
of the house so we were just sitting
like swinging in between tanks and they
had a clean backyard it was like right
in front of a golf course and it was
gorgeous same with the other house but
yeah today we are in Citrus yo yo yo yo
yo yo
um so I am with my favorite people right
now Stefan and it was good
Cheyenne
Myranda and we are going through hair
and wardrobe and stuff like that I am
wearing a lifeguard bathing suit so we
have some extra time and right now we're
trying to copy each other's handwriting
see this with Stephan's and then I
copied it perfectly amazing piece
Claudia and now he's trying to copy mine
right now okay oh I'll show you guys
there is all a fter little panning shot
yes bitches virgin when you have to film
yourself driving in a car but they don't
actually want you driving the car so you
are attached to all of this how insane
is this it's so extra like there's like
an entire like staged thing attached to
this Wow
the steering wheel here is super cute as
well well I don't know if cute is the
word but it's a thing this is a setup
right now we are in the car and we're
about to film our first scene of the day
are you excited a new nervous this is
Lindsay one of the directors oh my gosh
she incredible I'll talk to you soon
this right here is the answer to any of
your problems
I'm not talking to you okay I was
talking to the vlog see if it wasn't for
her to be at 100 angle for this or you
got a cover you got a cover well just a
little me I'm beating my Betty sorry I
got some work done bitches don't chill
no I just it's my design I don't you I
know it was the right one hey god I
haven't acknowledged the camera so we
are on the last scene of the day
Hey and I mean I can't I can't really
say much a little bit here's this is
what's going on it's a night scene for
this song right now they got a stop this
is my favorite song and this is life
right now we've got a nice little
microphone right here and nice little
walkie which is really fun to talk into
because everyone can hear you
not focusing uh yeah
you see alright alright here it goes
Oh God
it is midnight and that is a wrap on day
four
I did not vlog a large chunk of just now
because we were all super tired and I
also have something in my eye that will
not go away we tried flushing it out
like 10 times and we got I own point
Minh and eyedrops and everything and
it's just uh nothing nothing's really
working so hopefully it goes away at
night but that is it for day four are
you ready for tomorrow I'm ready I drove
all over the car but yeah you did it was
pretty friggin gross um alright see you
guys later
