take my finger hi nice to meet you
everything in my body was like yes is
this not the cutest thing in the entire
world good morning everyone welcome back
I've got a lot of energy right now
because I am drinking some coffee and
quick tip for you guys I guess a little
a little cooking heck I'm obsessed with
flavoring extracts the first one being
peppermint extract so I just put like
three drops into this giant cup of
coffee and it makes you drink tastes so
good and then also I really like the
here almond extract so it just tastes
like almond flavoring kind of different
than like actual almonds it kind of
smells like vanilla anyways
I like to put this in my oatmeal waffles
and pancakes because it kind of gives it
like a Belgian waffle taste last night I
had Dru Olivia Madi and Charlie over to
watch The Bachelor this season is just
okay for those of you who are also
watching this season why were the first
dates so extreme he took her to his
parents house met his parents the first
date he gave her like a diamond necklace
and and all of these Rachel's Oh dresses
and stuff I don't know it just it all
feels a little too much a little too
forward let me know you guys thing so we
spent our nights watching that and then
tonight I'm having my friend Jess come
over I've never I don't think I've ever
vlog with her I will definitely remember
to do that but we're just gonna hang out
have a girls night oh also also also
this second launch for my phone case
came out like two nights ago I wasn't
aware that it came out at nighttime and
I guess a bunch of you guys like sign up
for the email notifications so by the
morning time when I realized that they
were out again they were already low in
stock so the regular size and the plus
are already sold out but if you guys
have an iPhone 10 that you can still
pick up one of these cases also if you
weren't able to grab one in time we are
restocking
pretty soon I think like next month and
when you guys send me like tweets and
tag me on Instagram with you like posing
with them it just it brightens my day
and I love it it's like a piece of me is
with you all it's great also I'm gonna
be doing a healing crystal haul because
I posted this on my Instagram story and
a bunch of you guys were
if I could talk about all the crystals
and one of my vlogs especially this bad
boy right there
ah we've got all of these bags of
clothes I'm gonna drop them off at
Goodwill because this has been taking up
space in my trunk for too long oh my god
there were people like shouting also got
some stuff in the mail I think that's my
new vlog camera oh my god the door is
still open I was actually really nervous
to see my car this morning because last
night I wanted to pick up some wine
pulling into like a liquor store parking
lot
I accidentally drove over like an empty
glass bottle that was on the ground
yeah I'm really dumb I know I didn't do
okay anyways the glass bottle like
popped underneath one of my tires and I
was like ah so I like maybe there's a
shard of glass in one of my tires I
don't know but right now it's not saying
that I have any low pressure and it
doesn't look like it was flat tire so I
think we're good
yeah
oh nice save let's talk about healing
crystals I'm very new to this I've never
looked into the different energies and
powers that crystals have I've never
thought to bind them for that reason or
purpose like I have like crystal
bookends over there but those were from
Z Gallerie and they're totally decor and
so part of it is you know just very like
pleasing to the eye but also reading
about them is super cool and a bunch of
people in my life are into it and they
only have good things to say I think a
lot of it is mind over matter whatever
you choose to believe is true for you
this past weekend I had a little Silver
Lake day with Drew we stopped by this
crystal store called spellbound sky I've
heard about it many times but I've
personally never been there
Drew's been there before and he loves it
and he was like Claude this is such a
good time of year to do this check it
out see if there's any that appeal to
you and I was so down there were so many
different colors and every single like
stone and crystal had like these little
cards next to them to show like what
they stand for and you basically just
like grab a little tray and you walk
around and choose whatever stones you
want I definitely was open to the idea
of getting a bigger stone if one of them
spoke out to me and I really like the
meaning we're gonna get into the biggest
one last because I've got a little story
with it and it's just wow also pardon
any mispronunciation or lack of
information and knowledge about this
because I'm super new to like crystals
and what they do and all that stuff and
so I don't know much about them I need
to read more first up we've got this guy
he's a little bit larger than the
smaller ones this one's actually got two
different crystals in here so the lady
gave me two cards it's mostly a
moonstone which is like the white part
of it the little card says gem of the
High Priestess self-discovery deep
insight harmony and relationships a lady
who worked there who was helping me out
said that this one has lots of like
female energy and it's all around like a
good rock for balance like in your life
with your relationship with yourself and
others and self-discovery and like your
intentions and stuff she said this is
like a really nice one to have next to
your bedside table also the little black
speckles that are in here
is I'm probably gonna butcher this Black
Tourmaline II tourmaline tourmaline
psychic protection powerful purification
for negative energies and bad vibes I
found that a lot of like the black
crystals have a lot of protective
qualities again it's like that energy so
I liked how this rock had like a
combination of those two that is the
first one next up we've got this blue
one it's so so pretty it's like super
smooth and milky this one is called blue
lace agate increased communication with
clarity and confidence magnifies
affirmations so I don't know I just
liked it and I like to keep it down in
the living room this one might be my
second favorite after like the big one
look at how freaking pretty this is also
I don't know if you'll be able to tell
oh there you go when you shine in the
light the flat surface right here has
like that holographic kind of Sheen to
it oh but then the inside is like a
little cave and it's sparkly this one is
called the angel aura quartz inner peace
connection with guardian angels spirit
guides enhanced manifestation yeah I
like how this one is kind of like has to
do with inner peace and being calm and
kind of like staying grounded in that
sort of way so I thought this one's
pretty I also wanted a black stone for
my like workspace and so I got this
little guy like he's super super tiny
I can barely show it Dada there you go
he's like speckled this one is the
snowflake obsidian clears negative
thoughts and replaces with optimism
blocks electromagnetic pollution and
that has to deal with like cell phone
pollution computer TV that sort of stuff
and obviously I'm surrounded by it a ton
it just felt right next up I picked up
this little one it's pretty simple just
like a little clear circle stone it's a
little cloudy
this one is honey calcite it promotes
focused energy and unstressed mental
clarity stimulates efficient work flow I
feel like that kind of says it all
really don't need to go into detail with
that one
the last of the small
one looks like this I feel like this is
what everyone thinks of when they hear
the word crystal super beautiful this
one is the quartz crystal it is known as
the master crystal amplification of
intention which basically means whatever
other crystals it's sitting next to it's
going to amplify whatever those are
releasing but also it has enhanced
spiritual connection last but not least
can we just take a second
to appreciate the beauty of this one
also this is a lot heavier than you guys
would probably assume it to be I was
really surprised it this is like six
pounds it feels like six pounds for sure
here's the thing since I'm new to this I
didn't really know going into it like
how immediately I would feel anything or
if it would do anything for me there was
no question when I laid my eyes on this
first of all it's the most beautiful
thing I've ever laid my eyes on
like when any sort of lights or when the
Sun touches it and it just glows like
it's just so so beautiful drew he
actually he showed me like a little
piece of pyrite that's what this one is
called and he was like Oh Clawd like
you're gonna love the meaning behind it
you're so gonna want one like go to that
table and walking up to it this was like
the first thing that caught my eye and
immediately first thing I could think of
doing was just like placing my hand on
top of it like literally just like like
and I did that for a few seconds and I
just looked at drew and I was like she's
the one call me crazy I don't even know
what went down but like everything in my
body was like yes pyrites manifestation
action confidence creativity vitality
can-do attitude they the way that the
lady was describing this one is that
it's like the badass rock also if this
means anything she like looked at me and
she was like I'm really I'm happy you're
getting this one like this is a year
this is good which i think is cool and
also this came into the shop the night
before and it was the only one that they
had and so I just think the timing of it
all was so so incredible and yeah I mean
it's
a good time of year to to just kind of
pick up things that put you on a higher
frequency and just kind of make you more
positive and motivate and all I mean I
am a sucker for all of that as far as
right now I'm leaving it on this counter
table because I tend to do a lot of work
on here it's like the first thing that I
see the second I walk like down this
hallway I'm probably gonna get like a
cuter stand for it cuz I just have the
one that they give you in the shop many
of you guys don't care for this stuff I
am so sorry that you had to listen and
go through all of that because I feel
like I went into detail but yeah I just
I want to go through them and I'm really
really happy about them so I just
realized I haven't shown you guys this
it's been like this for a few days but I
changed up my office a little bit
because it wasn't motivating me to sit
at my desk like it was it was too out of
the way to like go around the desk this
is what it looks like now it was too
annoying to have to walk around the desk
so I actually just put it against the
wall and I feel like it kind of works
because the computer helps to like cover
up some of this walls since this ledge
is higher I think it kind of works yeah
I've been working at my desk like twice
as much as I used to so very happy about
that I believe this is gonna be the new
camera I also ordered like new washi
tape I know what this is
my guess is that it is a book and it is
I got call me by your name because I
really really want to read it I'm so
excited
Stefon read it and he said that it's
amazing and reading this is like falling
in love these are from realization I'm
so so excited what is this this is a
dress this is I picked it out like I
know if this is okay we got a cute
little dress it's like it's like a wrap
dress so it's not really making sense
right now this one is like
little mini dress with spaghetti straps
is this not the cutest thing in the
entire world are you kidding me
Wow I am so so excited to wear this last
but not least this color is so freakin
pretty this is just a little short
sleeve dress that also wraps and it's
shorter gonna start cooking dinner jazz
is a few minutes away she brought some
things I got some things also I changed
hoodies this one and the one that I was
wearing all day today are from shadow
Hill I got a package from them last
night so I've just been wearing all
their stuff because it's so comfortable
anyways let's peel some potatoes guys
I'm on a sweet potato kick right now I
don't know why don't do this to me new
camera
don't don't thank you come on here we go
I consider myself a pretty good potato
peeler I think the trick is slow and
steady wins the race all right I'm on my
third potato and I'm not hitting my life
yet
I just discovered that it's gross income
she said it gross I said gross income
guys I've been saying I'm as evilly
shocked as I am embarrassed
you're so red because like I literally
am blushing because I can only imagine
how many times I've said gross income to
like an adult it's so we're just sitting
here at glass of wine or wine
we're gross and coming in or what else
we talking about what else that we
talked about a lot today 18 goals boys
family what do we eat cal salad we got
some tortellinis cal salad kale salad do
I say everything weird I said cal salad
I think Cal salad dice a Cal Cal salad
salad kale kale salad how am I saying it
weird it has a replay you'll see little
salad kale salad Catholic am I saying it
weird what are you singing kale kale oh
that's what you're saying I'm Cal salad
I actually can't breathe it's like 170
it's 117 you got here at 6:30 how many
hours is that 6:30 almost that's like
hours I am and the thing is like we keep
not leaving here wait let me help you
clean up and wait let's talk about this
real quick I wasn't paying attention but
when I find I've been taking a selfie is
that what you're doing I'm
I think I was like what was I doing
dishes that here I don't even know
oh my I had this little candle like
burning on the table I'm gonna show the
truth first okay there she goes I'll see
and there she goes me meanwhile almost
burnt my house down
what does that look so weird oh my god
you know what's like a great life not a
life hack but maybe like a nice public
prank is to like like shop in public and
like like walk up to like a stranger and
just like be like a little caress but
they have no idea
it's said that ten is a bigger screen
they're lying
it goes up the whole screen that's face
face recognition to second word help me
Gail oh the third one was recognition I
did not say that rewind the clip like I
just said quit that is my toothbrush
friend I think it's honestly because
it's one third everything we're gonna
watch this vlog and be like what worry I
know it's gonna be so cute because I've
been alone all day today so I'm like
really glad you're bringing in you're
bringing in some spicy content there was
someone who commented on my last vlog
they were like you're just like a
talking alone
video now and it's so boring I know you
know what do you know what that's right
comment down below if you guys want to
see more of jazz because I want to see
more of jazz I'll see you guys for new
videos I want to see more of me right we
talked might need to get fluid mirror I
need
