hey guys welcome back to my channel you
may notice that my hair is stuck again
yeah I had lighter hair for about three
months and two nights ago I decided no
more I like this hair a lot more on me I
felt like the color just didn't suit my
skin tone at least right now and this is
gonna sound so strange but I seriously
be like a part of me was missing and the
second I dyed my hair dark again
I just felt back in action I felt like
myself again so today is Monday and I've
been having a very very productive day
it's about 12 p.m. right now and I
couldn't remember the last time I've
logged on a day like this just a random
weekday where I'm getting things done
and stuff that I feel like I have a lot
to catch up with you guys
so yeah I'm excited for starters I went
to the chiropractor today because
something happened to my back about two
months ago basically I popped out one of
my rib bones right back here which
sounds very terrifying and the first
time I heard it I freaked out a little
bit but no it just randomly started
hurting while I was working out and then
when I last visited Logan and we went to
Park City Utah to go snowboarding for
one of the days by the way I did not
blog during that trip I'm so sorry I
know a lot of you guys were expecting it
but we just decided to relax and not
film one of our trips but the next one
I'll probably be vlogging but when we
went snowboarding I kind of fell
backwards and I didn't really fall on my
back like I landed on my hands so it
definitely wasn't that specific incident
that screwed up my back but I guess it
shifted the rib bone even more than it
was before so straight up for about
three days I would say I was in
excruciating pain
when I was laying down I would literally
have to ask Logan to help me sit up
that's how bad it hurt every single time
I would breathe in I would feel like it
was stabbing me inside and I would kind
of feel it up here too eventually the
pain died down and I was able to book an
appointment to the chiropractor did it
today it was great he brought I brought
a few things with
which I'll show you guys because I think
they're really interesting so
chiropractor halloo basically he showed
me a bunch of different exercises and
stretches that I should be doing and he
electrocuted my back which sounds
terrifying but it's actually very
relaxing and also cracked my back in
positions that I never knew were
possible so that was a little creepy but
with all that being said Claudia's rib
bone is back into place and I am no
longer scared to work out or do any
physical activities but the first thing
I got was this little pad thing that you
sit on and it's kind of equivalent to
people recommending you sitting on
medicine balls while you're sitting at
desks because it kind of forces you to
have good posture and really kind of use
your core as you're sitting but this is
kind of a more low-key version of that
but I thought this is cool this is such
a like old person home right now so
sorry and this second one is just a
stretching little elastic thing what do
you call this I have no idea so every
morning I have to do stretches like this
except lower so that I feel it right
here and then also you go out like this
and then you take it around you go back
around it feels nice that happened this
morning oh I got a few things for my
bedroom I am loving how it's coming
along I kind of regret it filming room
tour when I did because my room is so
empty at the time but I'll just show you
guys right now I think you guys have
seen that collage wall but that just has
random art and cards but I also got a
new chair because if you guys remember
the one that I was previously using was
just a plastic IKEA invisible chair
which is not comfortable at all
so I got this one from cb2 and it has
white snakeskin it's not real snakeskin
but it just has the texture and it's
spinny and beautiful and Rolly and I'm
so happy with it and then also over here
I made this little flower arrangement I
bought I think four different types of
fake flowers from Michael's cut them all
up individually and then kind of stuck
them around so we have like a fake
hydrangea these higher ones are really
pretty these little paper ones
throughout it
and the little roses and then also above
my bed I got this cool candle holder
wall decal thing from CB - I've just
been taping different pictures kind of
behind here and I think that looks
really cool oops just fell on that but I
think it fits the wall really well and
yeah happy with it also starting a
little collage right here this is
definitely not done but I'm gonna have
more pictures and frames and stuff but
basically I'm going to stick to white
and silver and mirror frames and just
keep building up on that wall because it
definitely needs to be filled up I'm
trying to think what other updates I
have for you guys lately I have been
into reading books listening to books
listening to podcasts we're gonna set
you guys back down there because this is
a really ideal setup and I don't have to
hold the camera but yeah the book that
I'm currently reading
I've actually owned for a very long time
and I don't know why I never got around
to reading it but we're doing it now
it's happening so if you've never heard
this book before the title might seem a
little off-putting strange it also might
seem a little manipulative but it's not
that at all and as you start to read the
book you realize that as well but it's
by Dale Carnegie and the book is called
how to win friends and influence people
yeah when I first read the title I was
like how to win friends and influence
people just sounded really weird but let
me give you a little rundown of this
book as far as what I have read though
I'm not very far into this book as you
can see I am actually barely starting it
I still have this much left but it's
really cool and I like the layout of it
and kind of the whole meaning behind it
it definitely reminds me of a book that
I read last year which I actually want
to reread because you tend to forget
things as time passes by but the book
was called how to be unforgettable I
think it's very similar to this type of
book but after every single chapter the
author gives you a piece of advice that
you should implement into your social
skills and social life leading up to the
end of the chapter he gives different
examples of stories things that people
have said done blah blah blah so that
you can better understand why he is
giving you that advice so for example
for the first chapter the first
principle is don't criticize condemn or
complain up to that point you're reading
different examples of people following
that principle the second one is give
honest and sincere appreciation rather
than flattery or praise then hold on
hello oh cool thank you I'm gonna come
down guys
my salad just came okay I currently have
no groceries and also have a lot of
things to do so I wanted to postmates my
lunch and it's good Q motivational
celebratory music
so anyways the reason why I wanted to
bring up this book to you guys was
because I wanted to see if any of you
have any recommendations for more books
because I'm really into listening to
audiobooks when I'm working out no this
is not going to turn into an audible
advertisement or anything if you guys
have any book recommendations that fall
under the category of living in the now
to being motivated or productive or I
don't even know what else but I think
you guys understand where I'm going with
this but yeah I just really enjoy books
like this or if you have any fiction
books I always love a good story if you
guys want to see the salad I ordered
it's from simply salad I don't know if
outside of California but Drew and I are
obsessed with it we call it simply Sal I
don't know we'd shorten a lot of our
words for some reason so this is a
simply sell and it's got pesto dressing
cucumbers quinoa carrots just all of the
good things that your body wants it
means I'm gonna go take care of some
emails that I need to finish up with and
eat my salad and then I'll meet up with
you guys after that flash-forward to an
hour later I would say took care of some
emails talked to my cousin on the phone
now I'm going to tackle the mess that is
my bathroom
in a darkroom in gold sheets I can't
feel a damn thing okay I'm just having
so much fun at this chair
I am currently writing a grocery list
crazy I know whilst writing my grocery
list I realized that I can make the
video concept about this because I feel
like I haven't made a food video in a
while on my main channel so let me know
if you guys would be interested in
watching me film kind of like a grocery
haul slash what my favorite foods are -
bye / what I normally reach for in the
store because I definitely have so many
staples that have kind of changed the
way that I eats more the better
obviously because I try to eat extremely
healthy definitely doesn't always work
especially when I'm eating out with
friends and stuff like that and we just
happen to have snacks in the house Lola
but as far as when I'm doing my own
grocery shopping I I keep it really
healthy let me know comment down below
like this video if you want me to do
that I just had that random pop process
and wanted to whip you guys out so
I just got home from Trader Joe's I
don't film while I was there because I
don't want to show you guys the things
that I bought because I decided that I
wanted to make the video unless all of
you guys end up saying no Claudio we
don't care to see this but just in case
I filmed like close-up shots of all of
the items well they're still new and
everything but I'm excited by the stuff
and I'm really hungry so I'm gonna go
eat I will admit this is not the
prettiest work I've made this is
actually probably the ugliest work I've
ever made but basically it's black bean
pasta that just tastes like beans and I
sprinkled taco seasoning dye some
tomatoes some avocado and it basically
tastes like a Chipotle burrito bowl it's
incredible I'm working on the video that
I'm uploading tomorrow which is an
updated everyday makeup routine I start
to film the voiceover but I think I'm
just going to do that tomorrow but yeah
this is what the intro is looking like
so far this video will already be up by
the time you guys are watching this so I
will link it down below
don't take away this fear feel love hey
okay it kind of reminds me of how I used
to edit my videos it has a very similar
style as far as overlaying and different
things on the actual footage but it just
sucks because that computer is so so old
so anytime I add an effect or change
anything it takes forever to load so
I've definitely learned my lesson I no
longer can edit main channel videos on
my laptop only on my desktop I just I
felt like editing in bed the first night
I started on it I think I'm gonna give
my eyes a little break and work on
laundry which is on my bed oh yeah whole
lot of stuff blacks colors time to fold
them unless something totally
interesting and crazy happens within the
next two hours I'm probably just gonna
head off today's vlog here I get so many
tweets and comments from you guys saying
that watching my vlogs makes you
motivated to get up and do something or
clean your room or something like that I
recently read a really interesting quote
that goes laziness is the hardest job
because you never get to truly rest
think about that for a second
when you're sitting there
procrastinating you are constantly
thinking about the things that you
should be doing but you're not doing
them so you're getting stressed out you
start to feel like you have no time but
if you just push that all out put the
distractions away get your work done you
know the pain of procrastination is so
much worse than the pain of actually
just getting it over with and doing the
work and then you truly get to rest and
relax so that is my little daily
motivation for you guys hopefully it
affected some of you but if you're just
lounging and having a good time hey go
watch some more muff logs maybe hop on
over the main channel you know I stopped
in yet but if my words can help any of
you guys out then that makes me feel
good inside so thank you so much for
watching this video and I
gonna see you guys very soon bye
