hey guys so I'm blogging today and I'm
Lexie hi I'm writing as well we have a
similar hair right now I love it I'll
bring out the shower it's still wet this
is called spend 24 hours in French
braids and keep this for like an hour
and then it's going to go flat hang out
with my friend Mason who's an artist
downtown LA and he's gonna show us for
that it's like a the brewery Art Walk
that's what it is
I didn't know the name but basically
it's like an art show there's gonna be
live entertainment food galleries
checking out art all that stuff it
sounds like a good time so I'm excited
it's gonna be a good Sunday we had a
good girls I love like CNI every so
often we'll have these nights where we
were both kind of on the same page like
you know what we're gonna stay in and
have a girls night in our energy becomes
so contagious every time we go insane we
go crazy and it's so much fun and I love
it
so we're like kind of continuing the
girls adventure today because drew is in
San Francisco last night he was like I
know last night he was like done I are
driving to San Francisco we're like yo
gay starting a snapchat house like
December 30th I know he's there
we just arrived
Lexie's Klein Mason we don't know where
to go I don't I don't know what's going
on we're watching a long a bunch of food
trucks guessing this is just where you
just hear the loss but thought about
that
Hey
there's a person in there
oh my gosh guys free pudding I wouldn't
be where the people are I wanna see
wanna see dancing we just started
singing Disney show tunes
we don't guys real hosts guys how creepy
is that oh my God look at that one up
there eating the Apple virtual reality
fruit ninja edition we met up with Mason
and Becca so you stand in this box they
give you a sword and basically that guy
is experiencing this up here that is so
cool
this is hurt dah dah what she said
nipple grab okay so we're back in the
studio where all the dolls are and this
is actually where Mason lives your
roommate creates these and then Mason
paints here I'll show you guys his work
basically everyone studios are open to
the public and so people come in and the
gang her art
do not talk about it so now we'll talk
about talk about it
do not ever talk about it let's talk
about the city going on it do not talk
about it don't think about it this all
stemmed from Lexi really really having
to pee and I was like girls
we're almost there just do not talk
about it and then we're starting do not
talk about it but we're having a great
time we're walking around
hi it's like I'm taking over Claudia's
vlog and we have Brandon is Mason on
Evon how could I forget and heaven
invented created the VR cube virtual
reality and that's what Claudia is about
to go do I feel so bad it's not that
InFocus
essentially Claudia's going in this box
and she's putting on these goggles and
he's gonna see a screen in her goggles
or she's in the kitchen
I'm gonna try to chop up fruit and food
this is what she's seeing right now yeah
yeah
it's about 8 p.m. and we are now at a
rock climbing Center
there's two kilo puppies going at it
they're not puppies it is 9:30 and I
decided to go back home because my feet
really hurt and I'm just really tired
Lexi decided to stay for a little longer
so I just referred home yeah now I am
just cooking some pasta back there maybe
pop in a little movie actually popping
in a little movie is not a thing anymore
you just type it in and bam there it is
maybe I'll watch some Apple TV I don't
know okay so we have a TV right here fun
fact I have never been the one to turn
on this TV and start watching something
so I didn't even know how to work this
but last night when Lexi and I were
having our girls night in I learned how
to use it momma Claude learns how to use
the TV so I'm gonna watch something okay
story time so last night Lexi came up to
me and she was like Claudia I am just
really missing family vibes right now I
just I don't know I want to be like
yelled at by a mom or just encouraged by
mom I don't know I just haven't had that
family feeling in a while living out
here and we got into the topic of
families and stuff like that and she was
like can we throw on some Shh hurts
looks like I don't even think I've
really watched that many I've only
watched a few and I was like yeah girl
I watched the ball good time the reason
why I'm talking about this is because
the second I turn on the TV you can see
that I was typing in Shaytards but yet
we were totally having a marathon last
night oh wait wrong way wrong way there
we go hey I recommend watching their
vlogs if you haven't checked them out
before I'm sure you have but they're
really great and they definitely do make
you feel homey so if you're ever in
Lexi's position you know what to do now
I'm throwing some of these bad boys in
here look who join the party
for watching Casey Neistat drinking some
mint tea ok gossipers like for example a
quote that Claudia just said I've been
obsessed with oral hygiene resolutely I
will stick my finger and like try
feeling wrong great plaque yeah scrape
the plaque on the inside of my molars so
if you ever seen me with my finger in my
teeth that's what I'm doing because like
yeah oral hygiene is so important like I
won't take off my makeup some nights but
I will always brush my teeth that's such
a boring conversation we were just about
to leave to go up to our rooms and we
just had a little mini realization of
holy crap point we took like some of our
conversations are so lame but so
intriguing to us yeah hey I would take
this over like talking and you're
talking any day exactly I don't care to
talk negatively about people's lives
that don't affect mine I'm here to talk
about some great new toothpaste
exactly guys two-part toothpastes that
is the new thing there's a step one
write it but like no I have it oh I mean
I don't I don't have what Logan has but
I have like this crest 3d part 2
toothpaste that whitens but his is like
supposed to be together I use like a
separate brand I have like Sensodyne
toothpaste that whitens so it's not the
actual hookup and the whole setup or
whatever but you know we're getting
there anyways guys brush should brush
your teeth with two toothpaste
ok good bye I hope you enjoyed today's
vlog this is such a weird ending bye
