I'm so good
oh my gosh hey guys welcome back to the
vlog Channel today is a very very
exciting day actually this entire
weekend is going to be very exciting so
I'm currently on my way to the airport
to pick somebody a lot by the title this
vlog you guys already know who it is
it's Logan now I know how it feels to be
Logan because I was always the one
visiting him and he would have to pick
me up but now all the roles have
switched oh yes okay wait what wait wait
I wasn't prepared for that check Rebecca
okay okay yeah maybe like I'll be okay
which we do hi everyone lunches in LA I
mean all city-slicker and stuff I would
be honest I'ma be real Logan actually
landed yesterday I did it's like I was a
little selfish I didn't walk you know I
just wanted him to myself for like 12
hours guys 24 hours I don't know I'm
together we have so many different
things ahead of us we have some
adventures I can promise you guys are
pretty sweet I'm excited to do them
you guys lon okay so right now it is
9:00 a.m. we woke up early we got ready
the cars packed right now we are heading
to you guys can probably guess this
toast really great for breakfast and
we're
we're talking about how my company is
literally the size of my head this is
cute what what this is like a morning
milkshake like it is lucky I'm about to
be found alcohol it's real quick anyways
guys we're here don't get out so far
what do you thinking what are you not
coffee here is amazing oh good it smells
so good right well you said it all
planned we thought we knew what it
looked like
I'm currently being pushed around in the
car what is this reminding you of we're
back in the store
we're back in the grocery store we have
arrived in Joshua and we are currently
getting some foods for dinner because
there's a grill at the Airbnb so we're
grilling up some chicken kebabs with
veggies we're gonna make some s'mores
chocolate so it's all about ladies
chocolate of course we're gonna make
stock makes children happy and children
of the future yes what what are you
talking about what are we okay so this
is what happens I hold the camera and
then we just get lost I mean it blinks
wait first of all just look at all the
technology going on right here like this
is the car of a youtuber anyway guys
okay so we just pulled up to the Airbnb
where we're staying tonight can we just
zoom in real quick this is intense
I'm so excited
check out this headboard what check this
out this is such a cute little setup
cute little modern bathroom well sitting
areas a kitchen look who's driving a
Prius for the first time
golly tada my first car's name was just
a car and then she sadly passed away
yeah
there's so doubters kinda like that but
Logan is driving it's so calm and quiet
here I'm also eating a little veggie Q
right now and I'm all about this ranch
dressing I don't know why I need to
share that like that it's not exciting
at all about honestly like I agree with
what you just said is super quiet it's
like hey guys we're just hanging around
I'm literally just laying on his back
right now on the mountain lion
that's an outline yeah you can tell
there's no do claw print I'm just
kidding I don't know that's probably a
dog there's literally houses right over
there
I totally believe that so it is 7 p.m.
wow it's so dark out for being 7 p.m.
right now but anyways we are making some
chicken kebabs and we also got the
fireplace going look at how pretty it is
there's like little sparkly rocks in
there that's definitely not the right
term they're like shiny I don't know but
after the kabobs we're gonna make some
s'mores yeah
alright let's just tell let's judge
thomas royde
- southern Korean town
I mean it's how we tell them we gonna
tell them you're gonna tell them hey
guys guess what we're going to big very
good guys really no snow buddy great
it's a big surprise but now you know
it's cool because we're like doing the
complete opposite of what we did
yesterday we're switching climates
desert like mountains is that so weird
to think that like we're not even in
California but we're experiencing
different like remain living so much
variety this is the climate trip this is
the climate trip right is the cloud
sorry I had to while you're back here
okay while you're back there banana bar
though I don't have to really go in the
back check-check
it's like you might infer it very gonna
give me five stars I have water in the
back if you want some we'll see if
there's a lot also whoa it's like a
little uber car you got like all your
little fun now
thanks so much more people are gonna be
like you guys are about to get in a car
crash we're on like an open road right
now no one else is around us
is very chill good
hey guys it's gonna get a little more
yoga stretching forward leg touch we had
neighbors we show but then therefore
teaser my gosh people back tired of them
Charlie what is using I humble owner
good night
there's cars coming out yeah we're gonna
try Stan throw
what's up guys we're doing it
snowboarding oh man it's so bright guys
it is so warm we're not wearing jackets
I am wearing wrist guards right now and
this time I rented a helmet because my
mom will be happy seeing this and see of
you guys commented saying that I should
probably our helmet you guys were
probably right so I probably did it
anyway I probably I probably did there's
so many park stuff I don't know the
terms
Logan's loving it though great yeah I'm
looking rough right now but guys we just
finished snowboarding and it was so much
fun I got my toe edge down like I was
doing little swervy s's I suppose I got
out a girl like cabin okay we're ready
whoa this is so cool that's up here
bunk beds you know we're sleep in there
this is so cool it's like a little kids
room sorry I'm chewing gum hopefully
it's not annoying not dirty to do please
Logan just crawled in there disappeared
comes out of this way pops out what do
you say
check out the frickin bathroom like tap
dance on my way to the bathtub
so Logan to the bathroom right now and
there's like no ceiling he's currently
insecure about me hearing him go to the
bathroom so you just turned on the sink
I do that or something honestly I think
I'm gonna stay here this bed is really
comfy it's very cool right I'm only
human
let's go get the other stuff guys I got
her washed the day I picked up Logan and
um she's looking extra shiny lots of
things in here we're about to go to the
grocery store and get some food
and then God I'm just catching you at
all the right times today so we're at
the grocery store right now
we didn't know what to make so we
decided interested up Pinterest it up
this is what we're making tonight it's
like baked asparagus wait looks like it
hopefully looks as good I know you guys
will see the ending product the glaze on
top has like deshaun mustard and olive
oil garlic cloves
lemon zest Parmesan cheese on there and
stuff and then do one time what we're
doing for dessert all right you guys so
this is what the locals know as the
cookies okey what you're going to do now
this is all Logan's idea one giant bag
full of cookie dough made into one
cookie pack it in a pie tin then some
ice cream on top boom you get examples
too I don't know it's a grapple it's a
hybrid between grapes now let's get them
right it's like I kind of stuff that
crunch is like an apple tastes like a
gret fist tomorrow have you ever had
cotton candy grapes no you told me about
they're so good
I'm just pointing at him they're so good
try them do it we're getting grapples
here's here is the pinches picture of
what we want right this is what we're
working with that's you that I'm like
it's just you small we don't have inside
yeah it's the pan size and the garlic we
couldn't chop it too small because they
have very dull knives here halfway
through we put on the parmesan guys this
is gonna be really good it smells
amazing mr. Sammon yes woman that's
really sad I know that was that how long
and here we have the final product it
looks so good so juicy so crisp with it
that looks incredible
so if you guys are wondering why the
part giant cookie has three moles on it
wanna see what it look like that it
honestly does check out this any of that
one yeah it's a brochure we threw them
in and then while we eat that we've got
a movie playing I don't know how Logan
figure this out but the HDMI cord was
not working and you did something you
pull the cord there put a cord there you
just like did did things manly things
and it's working out we're about to
watch selfless with Ryan
we've never heard it before but we saw a
trailer and it looks really good and we
really wanted to watch a movie that
we've never seen before so that is the
plan this scenario right here is so
ideal here's to our final goodbyes and
our big they're home so we just packed
up the car we clean our stuff up and now
we're going to head back to LA also
Claude broke two glass objects today so
I am just on a roll
I'll let you guys know if I break
anything else whatcha doin we actually
did have a morning stretch session
because we were sore from yesterday so
we were like doing stretches in unison
Logan and I are playing an interesting
game right now it's basically called
ruling the song for me okay so let's see
what what song comes on you listen
really oh yeah remember I showed you
this song hi Claudia listen Slipknot
everybody let's go one song for a
million part two I mean you guys you got
you got the point of what we're trying
to do here guys we're on our way home
now
and we're driving to the prettiest
winding path but we come out of the
forest is full out of guys we're just
enjoying it great tunes great fires a
great company when I grow up drinkin
slow like I did when you stay you stay
I'm
yeah
hello so we are now at Rebecca and
Andrews hey guys
hello hello we are having a little greys
viewing party right now so we're all at
the tiny country swing dancing 101 let's
go
we
with us yes Mon dancing stars next
season watch out country swing dancing
101 killin it Aarthi we are making a
breakfast of a lifetime Pinterest
recipes part 2 part 2 part 2 alright but
I really want to vlog this moment we've
actually been cooking and preparing all
the stuff but it's time to uh opticore
some this looks so weird on camera
you've got bacon cheese with your little
egg scramble that has like onions
peppers and now we are folding it over
you should pull them all the same yeah
yeah agreed
yes takes around it yes we go alright
he's cooking with Logan and Claudia you
guys are seeing all this go down right
now so we're currently standing on
chairs capturing this in that area
delicious meal so our little breakfast
wheel of fortune looks so good the
croissant is perfectly toasted we got
some freshly squeezed Oh Jay from Trader
Joe's nice little fruit salad last night
we started watching crossroads because
it was one of my favorite movies growing
up and we're finishing it
that times and Trent and the blog okay
way north as I go
California
you
