hello I just hit your head that's like
those I know I was like uh-oh it's guys
what's up guys
if you're wondering your weight moves
the hair from the hair by um show my
shirt oh here's your shirt back on my
shirt
Oh show texture yeah so that were the
same guys we're all filming today we're
filming roommate wars I told you guys
about this a little bit who Adam as you
can see we've got some team colors here
I'm going to show you guys what's going
on and kind of hot mess in the house
okay so we got cameras all cameras on
monitors oh stuff here we're gonna be
doing a cooking challenge we've got more
supplies here headbands things like that
extra shirts I love how we're blue and
you guys are pink okay guys we're all
stoked it's gonna be a good day the fact
that I could just spend my day shooting
something with my best friends how how
is this considered my job I don't know
but I love it
not gonna question it guys check out the
plethora of snacks we have on set today
really just all the basics Oh Oh coffee
need it Tiny's everyone we're doing
warmups we're doing warmups I don't know
anymore oh they're so smiley and happy
now but they're not gonna be once we
cream them
yeah those smiles aren't gonna be on
your face in about an hour
Lexi okay what's our game plan
is to out strategize
dominance out strength yeah we
definitely have strength on our side we
have cleverness on our side what else
about awareness I mean I was going to
motivation dead motivation encourage
Shaq do yo theories we got the brains
and the bravery you talk about a techie
I like a human can't saw you're just
like I just kept going uh-huh
yeah yeah yeah honestly get over there
weaklings who do they think they are no
one look at us first time we're starting
the intro in the garage they're gonna be
rolling it up and revealing hello guys
is mr. mustard here I'm interviewing a
fabulous and the fabulous Claudius loose
key how are you feeling before today's
event you know I'm a little nervous but
I've been training for this for so long
I'm just ready to give it my all
are you ready to lose membership the
month of no seriously I'm really nervous
I would everyone in the helpless gym
membership I don't have a gym membership
so I went on the run yesterday and I
like place to talk and we have that So
Raven we're saying how we need like a
theme song and then it has a clips of us
like a posting like Lexi when they're on
those spinning podiums drew McDonald's
Lexi Lombard Jack Barron Claudia
Solinsky
Oh guys just you wait until you see what
we have done here we finished the first
competition we're not going to tell you
who won obviously or what we did it was
messy it got messy guys it was so much
fun so we are breaking for lunch and I
got a nice little wrap oh it looks so
good
give me a jig these are so funny
mmm give me energy we are on our last
challenge of the day I may include some
interesting attire so funny right so
funny turn round and give yourself a
wedgie
I want to see what looks like turn
around twerk twerk twerk twerk work work
work work work you're who like the sun's
coming from behind you looks like a
music video mm guys can't wait to
claudius dancing in here Oh home sweet
dishes I'm not okay with this is so
disgusting
sure Oh beans sardines horn horn
these girls are having
she's like I'm chief reflecting on life
right girl I feel you I feel you we know
we're going to be the ones to fall into
this this lighting tables the best thing
that happened to me and it was ready to
conquer ready to conquer ready to
conquer we are gonna win always go in
there how about swimming haha alright so
the block that you guys just saw was
actually my day yesterday so we filmed
all that yesterday but I quickly wanted
to film this clip to not only say
goodbye to you guys and close off the
video but I also wanted to say thank you
to someone very special
her name is Haley so last week I
stumbled upon a comment on one of my
Instagram pictures and it was basically
Haley asking me if I wanted her to make
me something and send it my way straight
away I stalked her and I saw how
talented she was she actually has a
YouTube channel as well I'll link her
stuff down below but she made me a bunch
of freaking things and I want to show
you guys because they are so beautiful
and awesome and I can't wait to hang
them on my walls because I am starting
to add more things like I'm starting to
add stuff that you guys make me and just
kind of I don't know I want to put more
stuff in my walls so he started talking
back and forth and I kind of gave her an
idea of what I wanted up in my room and
basically you guys know that I love
neutral colors and I like anything
that's scenic so let me just show you
guys okay where do I begin so these are
the two paintings that she made me at
this is the first one so cool so
beautiful this one is also so awesome I
love how it's in a circle shape this is
literally like everything I imagined and
more um so I'm really excited to get
frames for those you also wrote me a
really sweet letter I'm not going to
read the whole thing to you guys but
Haley if you're watching this you are
seriously so sweet I like don't even
know what to say but thank you and oh my
gosh also I love how she drew like a
little cloud at the bottom that's so
cute because I love when people call me
cloud and stuff and also there's a
little cloud on the envelope that she
made these I was not expecting but I am
so so happy about them they're so cute
can we talk about the precision of
these letters all this calligraphy right
that's the words this one says and at
the end of the day your feet should be
dirty your hair messy and your eyes
sparkling feel like I've read this
somewhere but I love this coat and this
one also is super motivating it says you
didn't come this far to only come this
far and I can't freakin wait to hang
these up as well and see them every
single morning also I wanted to add this
in because I thought it was funny but
she added in like cardboard paper to
make sure that nothing bends in the mail
and one of them says this is of no use
throwed his away and then this one
says this is also of no use you best be
throw-in this away also I know that
Haley is uploading a video on how she
created these and kind of putting this
whole thing together and the meaning
behind them I haven't seen it yet
because I literally just opened this and
just got home but if that is up I will
put it in the downbar but I'm gonna wash
that after this and yeah I just wanted
to come on here and say thank you so
much Haley which also I don't know if
this is the thing that more of you guys
want to do I don't know I've never
thought of getting a PA box obviously I
don't want to be sending out my personal
address I had Haley send it to my
managers office but I also don't want my
manager dealing with a bunch of letters
and things like that so comment down
below and let me know if you guys want
me to open up a Pio box that could be
something awesome I really love
receiving art from you guys and letters
and things like that and eventually when
I move into my own place which will
probably be like a year from now I
definitely want to dedicate a wall to
just a huge collage of different art
that you guys have made and this goes
beyond like self-portraits and stuff
like that because I've gotten a lot of
drawings of me that people have made
which is awesome and they're always so
incredibly impressive but also I love
receiving stuff just like this if
someone were to walk into my room they
could easily assume that I just bought
this with my own money from a store but
it just makes it that much more special
knowing that someone out there who
actually watches my videos and supports
me made this for me it's crazy it's so
crazy that I don't know that it's here
on my bed right now and I'm looking at
it and it's just so awesome and I feel
so grateful and I'm in such a great mood
because of it
this clip could not be any longer so
we're gonna end today's book Wow it says
eight minutes on camera I hope you guys
enjoyed today's vlog I will be vlogging
my weekend so get ready for that and
yeah thank you so much to everyone who
watches my videos and follows me on
socials and everything and I see all of
your comments and you guys just make me
really happy so just a quick
appreciation moment right here moment of
silence
okay I love you guys bye
