good morning guys so it is not good
morning it's about 12 p.m. but I'm about
to head to a studio with my friend Dylan
because today we're doing a little shoot
so we just decided to plan a bunch of
outfits and pictures and really excited
because we found a place yesterday and
we're renting it out for three hours so
I have a backpack of stuff as well as a
smaller suitcase and oh it's down there
but I'm also bringing a giant pink teddy
bear you will see later
Hey so we just finished up use the teddy
bear got some braids on lots of outfits
I'm so excited I know like like so many
photos so many photos I feel bad that
you gotta like go through all of like
the awkward your faces that I made but
you know hopefully there's something
there that we like so this week is going
to be an exciting one because I am
traveling I'm actually leaving tomorrow
morning for Dallas right now I am
getting ready for an audition and then
afterwards I'm gonna work on some video
stuff what's that
so right now I'm at awesomeness TV this
is where the audition is happening and
everyone else is waiting I'm just
throwing everyone on the spot but
there's the few familiar faces we're
just hanging out waiting to be called so
updating everyone is waiting Arden and
Amanda have already different I think
they're probably home by now we're
currently waiting Meriden were on a
towel with her because she gets really
nervous she brings an entire towel with
her I promise so it's the next morning
it's very early I'm about to call an
uber to head to the airport but I've got
my carry-on my laptop my Airport bag and
I'm a little air prophit and I'm ready
to go I'm so tired
can't wait to pass out on the flight
this is a high-class
Hotel meal I've ever seen one we are all
having a meeting in the keys 21 holding
a beer so we're having a little planning
planning meetings that going on sorry
just like whipped out the camera wrong
here okay Lexi just got back from her
trip she is taking a bath right now to
relax so we're gonna scare her
what's the first thing we're gonna do
we're gonna come music that's laying on
the ceiling someone's gonna scream help
a lot of noise okay no no commotion and
they'll help over and right okay but
we're gonna run down the stairs and exit
okay maybe not the gunshots maybe that's
too much look up he's a good trader
she'll hear it okay business you'll feel
it scream all scream yes when we do it
to music we start stopping a TV song
rappers 123 he'll be honest we've died
the wheel toy what does he put the
hoverboard like someone they kept going
it was just like nothing no no no I
think we planned all about it Lexy we're
gonna have gunshots like fire on the
secret but we're like maybe that's too
much
it's Saturday and today has been kind of
like a running errands chore day so
hopefully you guys enjoyed that little
cleaning montage that I filmed this
morning that's right now I'm heading to
a few places I want to hit staples which
I'm actually in the parking lot right
now targets and Trader Joe's I feel like
I should really invest in a printer
because I'm always printing things out I
think it's just the inconvenience of
having to like buy paper and ink all the
time is really unappealing to me life
decisions
all right just got home here's the setup
I'm about to watch some YouTube videos
I've got juice some like vegetable sushi
as well as some mixed meat and all of
the things also we own these chopsticks
from a random restaurant that we
one-time stole from let's not tell
anyone about that hey guys so right now
I'm filming a video where I try out
different men's products and drew
dresses me up it is close I just ran up
a bunch of stairs so I'm out of breath
but right now we're gonna go films just
some shots had a grocery store whoa it's
pretty me as a man maybe like
if you want to check out the video he
just filmed link in the downbar I'm
sweating so much because I just said
it'll bring a breakdance
