what's up guys it is 8:30 a.m. right now
and I actually woke up at 6 today
because I had to go to the dentist to
get skull x-rays which is really cool
got to see my school today oh what a
weird thing to say no but I needed to
find a dentist out here to get x-rays so
that I can figure out when I need to get
my wisdom teeth out which is basically
now so I think around the end of
February I will be getting all four of
my wisdom teeth out and honestly I'm
kind of excited because that means one
my mom gets to visit and she'll be in
town and I love when my mom's in town
and - I am totally gonna be filming the
aftermath of waking up with all of that
medication and stuff like that hopefully
it'll be a funny vlog or video but I
just got home from that and I think I'm
just gonna continue working for the next
half an hour until drew wakes up because
lately Drew and I have been working out
a bunch we usually go at around like
9:30 a.m. also can we just look at my
skin right now it is so bad I was just
picking at a pimple right there so it's
super red but like so many little
pimples everywhere and I don't know why
those are the updates whew
worked out showered got ready tidied up
my room a little bit and now I'm gonna
go make myself a smoothie cuz I'm really
hungry we're gonna start off with some
kale Lexi's making a little vegan patty
right oh yeah whoo I put in a lot of
greens because honestly I can't taste
them so not the most exciting smoothie
but we've got some dates on top to help
sweeten it frozen and raw strawberries
kale and then there's also a banana in
there and some water
so Jack just filmed some sort of
Valentine's Day video so here's a table
full of things there are so many funny
things example one um Drew's headband
can we just look at that real quick and
the mustache is we're thinking of
wearing these out tonight thoughts guys
maybe later tonight Hudson if you guys
remember him Lauren's brother is having
a little art gallery show type thing
because he makes really awesome
paintings so we're all going and we're
all possibly considering wearing this
also I just realized my blush is way too
strong right now so I'm just gonna do
that Oh quick hey hi Lex what are you
eating right now a nibble to us all oh
wait what is this beef jerky I was gonna
choppy surely my sister is that
literally feed your thing I guess it's
kind of funny it measures your body's
temperature I mean it's not like
measuring it just uh epidural it takes
the heat it the faster it fills up the
little heart ah well I'm glad that was
totally non focused the whole time this
is how you get your car to smell amazing
okay you choose one scent from one brand
I chose Hawaiian Aloha from fries you
get these little suckers that you put
onto the vent so when you turn your air
on it blasts the smell and then you also
get the spray version of it so I have
the febreze air effects Hawaiian Aloha
that I just do that real quick every
once in a while and since I don't have
leather seats it kind of soaks into the
seats and it makes my house not my house
my car smell like a tropical vacation oh
wow that smells so good alright
strap your seatbelts we are going to the
bank the day is still young lots lots
can still happen I'm gonna start filming
some clips for an exciting video that
I've actually been wanting to film for a
while it's kind of like a life hacks
video but it's like the kitchen version
so different food life hacks and cooking
stuff something back there always moves
around and makes noise wait for it but
other than that that's my drum roll with
one hand 2015 taxes I obviously still
have a lot of time to complete them but
since my tax guy whatever accountant I
don't know the guy who helps me out with
it since he is located in Chicago I like
to get things done earlier because then
there's no time wasted for like
communicating and emailing and stuff all
of it just takes longer when you're
doing it across the country so I'd
rather start working on it now but right
now I am going through bank statements
and categorizing the business purchases
that I made last year but the way that I
do it actually makes it really fun and I
did this last year as well obviously I'm
gonna blur it out so you guys don't see
anything but let me give you guys like a
little snippet yeah
it's all blurry but as you can see I
like to download my bank statements on
my iPad and then go through and
highlight all of my purchases and kind
of color coordinate them by categories I
find that it's not only easy to do it
but it kind of makes it fun cuz you're
like drawing with your finger yeah I
don't know I mean it just works that's
what I do so if you guys were ever
curious how my tax experiences that's
what it's like and that's what I'm doing
if you got to do it you might as well
make it fun that's the motto I'm going
with we are on our way to Hudson's Art
Show who's with us okay guys let's play
a game say a simple word and then for
letter is a good thing like that and
then you tough word yeah your longest
word that you can possibly think of so
the word is self-explanatory do you want
to say an S word you have to think of
all three of them oh and you can't think
of all them I have to take turns
no you'd have to be like
supercalifragilistic lol mitosis that's
the one that you're going to say
strategy I need to pull up a card and
say supercalifragilistic expialidocious
Indonesian that's like you can't think
about it for a long time now genus okay
and T terrestrial titanium is mom-jo
okay begin t word Genesis there you go
Park her Pete paleontologists PA leop
identity well a Claudia knows how to
spell and I think I've told them this
like that was it's like that was my
party trick when I was invited again I
know what a spell paleontologist there's
this one joke that's kind of been in our
circle recently about when you say
something like a classic party line or
cool store you have like Jax is John
Mayer went to my high school and when no
one else actually cared so you kind of
have to react for them it all started
when one time we're all sitting in a big
circle and someone brought up Hillary
Clinton and I go guys Hillary Clinton
went to my high school and everyone just
started dying laughing none of us really
knew what she was trying to get to with
that so she reacted for us to be like
it's cool it was so funny and then we
just started saying like the weirdest
stuff ever it kept going around and
around and then it got like slightly
depressing too I started saying things
like I barely know my grandparents
the artist wait where we all I can we
fill this back real quick speech issue
the challenge no but also the truth or
dare
though here waxing the tutor there's
cups we learned the cups of hot sauce
just fantastic
that was a great video that was always a
video that ever went up when we dingdong
ditched a bunch of people her was that
part of the truth or dare such remember
we ran around your neighborhood
ding-dong-ditch a part of it something
like I know we didn't go edition couple
record and everyone into a video
that's a lot of something everyone guys
if you if any of this is registry you're
an old fan yeah then you're a chose to
you the mem cement but seriously I'm so
impressed with all the stuff here thank
you all for painting all of the arts oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah what what like guys
look at the size of these they're crazy
new scale okay little little man big
painting it's pretty big and guys like
the dots
can we just dot appreciation for real
quick
stressful stresses me out just look at
it right like my brain hurts it hurts my
life the fact of it you actually had to
do it oh my god it was so beautiful guys
I wish I was vlogging literally five
seconds ago
okay so Lexi asked Alex what her
favorite planet is because you know no I
said if you had to know oh that's what
it was and we're talking about how we
all have like a certain planet that
we're always like attracted to like mine
was Jupiter because I did a school
project on it Alex is Mars cuz I did a
school project on the nine Saturn
because I did a school question manly
invent the reply max of all away my
favorite president eisenhower because I
did a project before I was even
interesting I Claudius groups I hope you
guys aren't wearing headphones but
seriously I knew there was a connection
bring it out like I knew I was like I
would like you to comment down below
just because I want it like I watch
Claudius logs sometimes sometimes I've
read through the comments like sometimes
I think I'm in like mmm I feel you if
you had to live on a planet other than
Earth which one would you like to live
on my second pick would be Neptune
probably and the same thing comma dot or
the president your fade did you ever
have one that it was you're going to
okay bend over it not sure no I do not
think I say this is like this is like a
funny fun combo but I probably could
be less interested in the answers that
people are gonna give I'm interested in
the planets for sure like are you gonna
sit there be like L'Oreal once it's not
Saturday mean I mean I guess what I'm
gonna look at is like a whole maybe some
of you guys will like give a really cool
explanation like my favorite is Saturn
because I grew up oh no after it exactly
that that's exactly what this by the
Papa Bear the mama bear I'm a baby bear
oh this is cute dandy there and then so
I don't know how to start this clip
slash how to intro into what's happening
right now but basically Alex was saying
how she hates when people are interact
with things that they want so instead of
saying I want to go to Whole Foods they
would say it would be really fun to go
to Whole Foods or I don't know something
like that somehow that transitioned into
us commanding different things for Alex
to do and one of them included to get me
and Lexie one thing at Whole Foods this
is actually interesting
0kay it's a whole pack of zero-calorie
oh girl I've been through that own space
get them yeah yeah well I've had them a
few times they can taste fishy yeah it's
you have to rinse them yeah I know that
right okay anyway so we're here at Whole
Foods and I need to find something for
Alex to buy me I don't necessarily want
anything guys I know what alex has to
buy me I'm in need for some new
toothpaste I've never tried any of these
brands here so this is really
interesting you know this one stood out
to me so we're gonna do honest
toothpaste this woman is on a mission
with her popcorn on it for the boom
chicka pop well look at this cute little
setup this hopefully just so nice guys
this is like the nicest one I've ever
been to I think oh wow the best green
tea is amazing is the natural ones
the
Kirra bhashya I don't know what's going
on anymore we're just buying each other
things
alex is buying my toothpaste so I'm
gonna buy her a little mochi ice cream
ball and I think four is the math the
max yeah
everyone pistachio pistachio don't do it
or I think you're gonna regret it I
don't think so pistachio yes that's just
like a better vanilla the statute was a
nut yeah but it tastes like kind of
another I get pistachio and raspberry
white chocolate with dairy free options
Alexi and strawberry
do you guys have are any of them
dairy-free gosh
can I get two green teas
we just got home it's about 10:30 p.m.
ish I'm gonna do a quick little unboxing
video because I recently got an Urban
Outfitters package in the mail today to
be exact
I'm so excited okay hopefully these are
the right size because I ordered these
previously and they were too big got new
sneakers spirits I got some new Adidas
sneakers
these are pretty much the exact opposite
of what I already own
I had the classic superstars that were
white with the black stripes and these
are the campus sneakers so it's black
like suede and then it has white stripes
and they are so beautiful so so happy
Wow okay
and then also I got a few other things I
love buying things online because by the
time it comes to my house I kind of
don't remember what I bought so it's
kind of like gifting a present to myself
like my future self
oh is this a shirt this is a shirt yes
it is so this is one of those like wrap
shirts it comes together in the middle
but it like wraps across so it kind of
looks like a ballerina shirt like what
ballerinas would wear over there like
tutus and leotards kind of cute I'm
excited next up we have something grey
the fact that I don't know what to
expect right now oh okay it's just a
simple little grey dress I'm all about
the little tying things lately it kind
of looks like there's like a little belt
to the dress do you guys feel me it like
ties in the front kind of looks like you
got something around your waist but it's
really just a part of the dress that's
fun cool very happy about all that stuff
but I'm going to end off today's vlog
here because right now me Jack Lexi and
drew are all going to work together to
clean the house because the house gets
very messy very quickly and we like to
all just knock it out in one sitting and
just get it all done so we're gonna go
clean the house and head to bed but I
hope you guys enjoy today's vlog feels
good to be flogged in I always always
enjoy my days when I blog yeah I will
see you guys for a new video very soon
and I love it guys bye
