good morning you go so it is our last
day we have until like 6:00 p.m. and to
Italy for the airport so we just
finished getting ready check out now
we're gonna go get some ice ie balls
because we've been meeting really
unhealthy this trip and like like our
meals have been so hefty I'm watching
you like ok I get different angle Dom
yeah we just we want some nice fruits
and veggies with them in our stomachs
what's going on now there's so many to
get away is it for Martin Luther King
jr. James do you think he's having a
meet-up
so the acai place that we found on Yelp
is actually a little food truck but guys
these names are so funny
original gangster green Goliath these
nuts pellet green beast mode cold
assassin got bubble
so cute we're here at vegan burg and
it's the moment of truth if they have it
we did not just really you just said
which door handle brings us to
Terabithia does this bring you back to
nightmares in the bathroom so right now
we are at the Exploratorium which is an
interactive Science Museum and this is
kind of what it looks like I don't
really know what to expect there's a lot
of people here we didn't think that this
many like kids and families would be
here my sister did text me mom is
freaking out and then I was like oh my
god I wonder why and then the next text
was she discovered space I got scared
that's all her life is changed yeah
quite the product yep guys there are so
many people here I'm overwhelmed
what an odd assortment of vending
machine items they're like all random
little supplies and then you make that I
think alex is not impressed nope nope
nope not at all see and then you make it
at this craft table Oh
what is this it's a camera this is so
creepy oh my god oh my god do you do
yeah should I go up my nose yeah well
there's thought this nostril any bats at
the cave
it hurts kind of
look at that mascara guys we're zooming
up on each other's pimples right now see
what your tattoo looks like yeah wow
that's really pretty it's like a ribbon
right sandpaper what is that that foam
you get like that oh so we found this
really cool wall where it casts colorful
shadows
and when you overlap each other it mixes
Alex and I are at the station where you
blend each other's faces back up back
after you got it back up back up back up
back up more you've got weight it's not
really so maybe it on the other side
wait yeah now get closer get closer it
doesn't look any different it doesn't
know it doesn't guys these humans look
3d right now where am i well I feel like
I can touch his hands
am I in the shot high-five me this is so
weird
I look like I'm levitating got that
that's a tie
oh this is so weird so in the Westfield
Mall and look at these escalators
they're freakin twisty that's so cool so
obviously we're done with the museum it
was pretty cool it was kind of hard
seeing all the different interactive
exhibits and stuff because there were so
many kids running around everywhere so
we've kind of got tired after like an
hour of it now we're just kind of you
shopping around because we all want to
get one thing I have not purchased
anything yet what are you looking for
today anything once we start a piece of
jewelry you know what I don't know
I left the 41 the world's the unveil it
unveil it the world is your oyster nail
it for me
and that one horse likes it when she's
on the phone long distance relationship
wanted right all the way down yeah yeah
this is so cool we're going all the way
down it's not extracting oh my god this
is crazy comedy noises
not even tell us a joke yeah I just had
one but you missed it
let's go back it's good now like really
- ah we're gonna do all right
it was not a joke there's something very
funny about like this is like the models
like kid models that are like dude the
cheesy like advertisements they're
always really uncomfortable hey I'm not
I'm not mad about that I'm having a lot
of fun on those webs later into our
sushi burrito right now and they
literally sell sushi burritos
whereabouts I'll try them right now
so we are at the airport whoo I'm
currently riding my carry-on suitcase
I'm really sad that we're going home
this trip would buy so fast so I may
have mentioned one minor detail when I
told you guys how we got to the airport
but um we arrived a wee bit early for
our four hours one reason only
yeah we are at the airport right now and
we're playing Catan yeah we kind of
finished all the activities that we
wanted to finish and everyone was
totally okay with playing some Catan
game on Gargamel for sure this game is
seriously cause we get this on tape the
other game and all the roads have been
built something that's really important
is gonna be developing cartoon City I
have a heads up a plus up whatever the
 in rocks and you're not gonna go
I'm gonna be your enemy well actually
she's connected to the same rocks that
you are all the same numbers so whenever
you're getting off she is too
additionally you referred to me as your
enemy in the game guys this game is
creating personal conflict we're helping
each other out because I want to get the
longest work so we're helping each other
out them to our enemies drew staying
neutral
I got you boo I quote our story's not
verbalizing anything I'm playing for
myself
I'm here
feel so bad for everyone that has to
witness this game boy whoa wait what did
you roll so I've just been editing did
you guys finish yeah okay back see one
did win before her was that the second
game what do you mean I won for the game
you shouldn't actually win we didn't get
to ten ran out of time you and I had
more points in there girls Oh gotcha oh
we have to board now yeah
so three games ended up being played I
only joined the first because I have
been editing the vlog footage for you
guys so that I'm not overwhelmed with
lots of editing when I get home
