okay the fact that drew does shouting
he's stuck in the bathroom and all three
of us hold out our cameras we haven't
touched the doorknob yet come on just
try to push through got it
you gotta make me gosh big boy all right
you got it here I just give it a real
hard tug oh my god wait I know how no no
no I said suck is there a lot of emitter
up there
no I think we need to call someone we
need to call someone yeah you're
slipping his phone onto the door for to
give them some entertainment there you
go prisoner all right keep trying to
turn it I'm gonna try to loosen it from
this side trying to pop it back in
nap coming to 324 is that gonna slide
this right under the door yeah he sends
for it yeah baby all right what's up
everyone it's about 10:30 a.m. so we're
only like 30 minutes behind schedule and
schedule we want to get up at 10:00 but
right now we are walking over to get
some breakfast and guys look at how
pretty it looks this is my first time
seeing it at daytime I love the roads
they're all so wide and open
it's our only full full day the sounds
of tomorrow night I know
nice little intro we are at breakfast I
got oatmeal and some sausages that look
flattens I don't know Alex got a cool
crepe Lexie's so in for what you get
luxe
there you go only acceptable yo-yo so we
are currently in Newport right now and
we are visiting the Golden Gate Bridge
we're driving to like the classic
picture spot where everyone takes
pictures so so pretty spend a minute
since I stepped up I don't let my Adam
step began to Uncle Fester beside myself
when I see my reflection we all seven
minutes from that bar seven deadly sins
is to get my breath that font MJ
tippy-toes I ain't gettin stepped on lil
sis see my life s direction
blood thicker than the body I reflect on
go-go-gadget chest up now I'm feelin
Vesta by taking notes tough work got my
best on I ain't taking no dust on my
Sunday best on there's a fireplace
though so in this little area there like
little rooms or cells comment below if
you guys know what this is but like we
were to close it but looks are good oh
good look in there
I'm literally pulling my pants on okay
so the cameras gonna go away now so I'm
currently walking around the Lower
Haight area and we came into the store
because they're playing kailani I need
to
this game at Alex really wants to play
this game right here but we spend our
ones how much does it cost
it's one dollar one dollar remember we
had like four ones yes we did but we we
spent them on food there are so many
games here guys look at this these are
like super retro Oh
oh shoot
let's try this out this is the one I'm
getting close up oh but you got 50 guys
what can we bumped into girl your assets
are in this vlog I ran into you Danielle
from yesterday how does that happen
but your last
so we're at a piercing shop right now
and Lexi is getting her septum hears
she's like making me want to do two so
bad I don't know I don't know if I have
it in me I'm gonna to do it show them
what it looks like all septum oh it's
cute we're in this little room I listen
excuse all Oh jumpin you want like going
to surgery
seriously Lexi charts like popping her
leg up no no no no no it she's like it
is is it I was like ready to lie down
guys we're gonna ocean right now
the vibes in place are so good I was
just playing a consult like I feel
really safe here I heard that very happy
yeah you got some bad news
yeah you're welcome
the first thing is happening at
reception are you nervous
sorry no I have audio by my side all of
a sudden though she's like alright is
happening at everyone's energy do one
everyone is like waves cameras
everywhere in a time this is how reality
TV studio they're like whoa I'm just
trying to get a piercing like driving my
love for angles in this room I'm fine Oh
God oh and the piercing it's gonna all
right oh I forgot about the whole pain
thing so it's not like three fingers is
a thing okay yeah yeah yeah yeah fail
are you freaking up
yeah like Boop you feel okay yeah what's
going on right now
oh so the needles in nowhere pain just
in the movie
no well she looks so funny Kyle oh yeah
I got a wire stuck in my nose
yes girl you look so cute we're so
motions and yours in my nose and cameras
in my face selects what do you have in
your purse over there huh what do we
want to go to the bathroom cleaning salt
they gave me issues like you might have
some trouble like customers just like
explained to them this is this little
looks like a little bag look okay okay
it's just I need to wipe it off ah what
even is so what took a
efficient of their life and I stepped in
it I feeling on the top of my shoe
lining I need your shoes if gray bottom
look like oh no oh my god baby - my
cannabis verses long as ya open up your
wallets in crisis so you judge a man
platter once he confessed
those who grabs place calls of being
burned and it's so cute because the
little bench chairs have like fake grass
on them they stir the food really cutely
and these like little tin pan things
just a video 30 day
we're just look at Alex's disgusting
about ketchup aggressive overwhelming
overbearing oh no you did not just do
that I love your job I could never do
that here it is folks take a good look
at it guys it's my burgers time of the
month look at whoa there's beets in here
Yahweh what do you got I got um just a
basic burger with some mustard and
relish on top and then I got broccoli
and it's really good I got my looks uh
rose and Alex just put this song on
because jurors had to get her to get out
about it
yeah this is awful I bet you all all
your fault fans up on follow it wanted
to go I bet you all your block ballers
keep speaker know how do you want you to
finish the sentence anymore yo she she
just saw up you're trying to play
slugging it up move ah okay okay I need
to get back down no no no mama DJ hey
mama needs the hey okay ready mine's
like not actually annoying
thank God what is a song yeah not
another song it's Hannah Montana
well it's perfect so fitting yeah a
family stuff
she has awoken
she's up all right Lex actually you're
kind of a yeah you're kind of up I think
I'm Boyd from this actually you you get
a pass it's so hot
so we just woke up from a little nap
because all of us were super tired but
right now we're actually trying to find
out his volume camera because she
doesn't know where she last left it
we're calling the uber that we took to
the hotel the vegan burger place that we
went to right now we're checking with
Walgreens because we stopped there right
before the hotel and I feel so bad
losing a very expensive camera and a
bunch of log footage that you made
earlier really it's not the most ideal
thing ever so hopefully we find it I
just missed the moment
there you go please recreate it for me
guys okay we are in the hotel lobby and
this is what's going on right now what's
my Isaac cutie
what's the comment so on it 11 oh my god
it is exactly 11 11 everyone make a wish
and I keep that in the vlog yata cool so
it's 11:11 we have not eaten dinner yet
oh my gosh it's raining it's been
raining all day today we are gonna grab
some sushi right now because real yeah
we're gonna grab sushi and it's kind of
pouring right now my level of excitement
right now is through the room we just
got our sushi in I got a cucumber roll
and some sort of checkerboard roll some
of that some of that some of that what
is that no idea I think there's like a
little tentacle right there
lexi just bought a cucumber roll on putt
and literally it's like the most awkward
shape ever Oh legs like yeah this
Oh throwback so like a week ago yeah
seriously
I can't watch I can this is sorry guys
I'm so sorry I don't know why I pulled
out the camera okay
it's Alex I'm brushing Claudia's teeth
oh wait I feel like you're about to
drool all over me like I'm ready for
them to waterward I just imagine getting
all the grime off her teeth just like
all that sushi is all I mean it's me
Paul me you're like no longer a person
like you're just a thing that I'm
playing with no way
you're hurt
where the Jackson where's the winners
the chapstick bow drops it
