hey guys so I am actually at the airport
right now waiting in the security line
but I quickly want to share a story guys
because I just got so stressed out so
right before leaving for the airport me
Lexi and drew we were just shown by the
stairs and drew was taking pictures of
me on the stairs so I was all distracted
and consumed with taking pictures that I
forgot my ball camera on the staircase
we probably have about like 30 minutes
until the plane boards and I didn't
realize that I didn't have my vlogging
camera with me until I was already at
the kiosk here at the airport and I
started freaking out because I didn't
know if I should like we were back home
I get the camera on that over here but I
was scared that I was going to miss my
flight so I called Jack and he came up
with the best idea ever so I want to
share with you guys just in case if
you're ever in the same situation as me
basically I called an uber to my house
Jack gave the uber driver my vlogging
camera and then I had the over driver
meet me at my terminal so it ended up
turning out amazing if my cheeks are all
like hot because I was freaking out but
it's all good now so hello guys this is
like the weirdest start to a vlog but
here's my new hair I haven't showed you
guys that yet but I'm obsessed with it
it's like a Google Denis blonde color oh
my gosh I'm literally just vlogging in
the security line right now but this
weekend me drew Alexi and Alex are all
going to San Francisco for
specific reason we're just going to be
there for two nights because I
personally have ever gone and we just
wanted an adventure so
how did you guys get in here it's like a
circle you're trapped
do I have a good one on you should run
fur I should get a snack where'd you
guys eat there's a sandwich place over
there that you date I really I'm saying
that like I would come here for lunch
someday Wow chicken salads him do they
have Caesar salad wrap did you I need to
go get one
so no Caesar salad wrap I was too lazy
to go all the way to the place that they
are recommending because it was already
kind of too late which was next door to
the it literally was not oh whatever
it's fine so I got this like random
little power salad I don't know but it
looks pretty good Lexi is kind of
farther up ahead of us and I'm stirring
this sit in here Alex which Tracy with
someone to say with us so then drew and
I responsibly always change our seats
welcome aboard American airline I'm
still down please please Sherlock really
I know in our Hickam so we were talking
about how my salad had craisins in it
and now I'm looking up the world's
largest craisins which is like
disappointingly not real yeah we try to
do raisin it's like a serial
killer thing that's so disappointing do
you guys like those no those are
anything yeah do you guys want the
insight into what my last Google
searches for yeah
get ready hopefully they're appropriate
biggest crazy never eyelid acne not
because I have it I was curious if it
exists
sure in a comedy show oh that's not
funny we can visit rehearse and
I'm tree we can keep our secrets buried
underneath while
we just landed in San Francisco and
we're at this little park thingamajigger
I want to try this really bad I think
you just like you feel it out Claudia
it's just it's it's it's like you just
do it naturally oh there we go
did you feel like you're gonna pull it
off yeah I was like I'm gonna fall this
kid is like loving life over here he's a
rockstar look at him go he's still in
the show
Claudia is nothing without this boy in
the background subscribe to his YouTube
channel
collies gonna edit this really like
you're an acrobatic star doing like we
got to San Francisco you're like let's
hang at the airport let's move all of
our lives shall we so we just walked out
and Casey and Danielle we're waiting for
you guys go straight for waiting I never
leave you a hospital oh so well hello
sir guys close to hilarya Oh
oh yeah we don't know what you do so
let's see it's 7:00 p.m. right now girl
so we're probably gonna get some dinner
or something in arcade arcade yeah these
girls are totally hooking us up right
now with where we need to go
Drew's like writing down notes right now
why going on why I oughta
because it was some the habits of my
heart great song into my head
pray from
okay we're going to write the first
letter for the last person you kissed
I didn't know his name
our hotel is there's just like bricks
and stairs really little town yeah
well up in the ambience in here hello
bikini bottom oh uh I hope it's like
whoa hot is right here we're about to
get super cozy and close guys for the
next two nights
this is it do a minimum guys we just
checked in and we are now in the city
check it out oh it's all blurry
is there a trolley coming this is so
cute though let's see what's the plan
it's going to Kermit Avril for dinner or
bourbon tavern for dinner um grilled
cheese which I'm excited about
yeah they looked really good all their
food looks really got on a Yelp and then
we're basically just going to walk
around and enjoy the city our dinner
destination has changed we are now at
the White Horse Tavern and we're waiting
for our food and there's a shuffleboard
station here so we're gonna we're gonna
play a game
I want a new partner
oh wow guys were great at this guy's
foods here that's how I feel about it
Alex and I got this like wing combo
going on there's like three different
flavors surprise Lexi got a salad fries
chicken sandwich and this music right
now guys
yo guys so we're at Target right now
because we are on the hunt for Catan you
guessed it um we do own it at home and
we should have brought it with us and we
really want to play tonight so we're
thinking of getting it everyone is
really cool here like every single human
interaction that we've had today has
been very pleasant
oh yeah know what is it all exactly when
I buy though effect it was it thirty
that's so much money we're not gonna get
it guys because we shouldn't we're in a
new city we don't need to get it we
already own it but we're addicted I feel
like I may be a sucker it to be like
exploded I would pay $12 I would pitch
welcome I would pay $12 whoever pays $12
say I hi I'll do it yeah everybody take
it home way to take it home should we
gif tutorial I'll literally like hold it
throughout we can give it to someone we
could we could so give it to someone
yeah
anyone randomly that we meet on the
street would probably be appreciative
and we're getting on Catan
if they talk it up and like we actually
have one of our hotel rooms you want to
meet up later tonight is it it's an
excuse to hang out with someone cool
again
there you go I actually can just get rid
of this thing we forced him into our
bedroom and wait we like you're going to
do that so funny but adorable
I'd be more surprised so this has been
the setup for the past like hour and a
half I would say we just had the most
intense game of Catan I'm so glad we
bought this I think everyone did really
well yeah we all at the end had nine
victory points and you need 10 to win
drew one we were all so close also
subject closed game it is now 111 and
we're gonna get ready and go to bed
because tomorrow we want to wake up
early but I hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog and I hope you guys are
excited for the rest it's gonna be fun
so get ready alright bye guys everyone
say goodnight
we have a nightmare that's so unpleasant
to say I hope you get really sorry guys
yeah what is like everyone's gonna be
like your friend Alex so negative it's
not even negative explain it Emily yeah
just crazy all right bye guys
