hey guys welcome back to my channel so
as you can see we're home now so I just
finished getting ready and I'm about to
head to a meeting with all of my
roommates because we are thinking of
filming this really cool show for you
guys and after that I'll be working on a
main channel video I'm finally filming a
room tour for you guys which I already
feel like everyone already knows what my
room looks like but I'm gonna be a
little bit more in-depth and show you
guys what's inside all the things and
all that stuff so I'm excited to film
that today and that 4:30 I have an
audition so those are I'm gonna take
this off cause it's getting really hot
so those are the plans for today let's
see what time it is we should be we
should be going right now
so haven't really filmed a lot but not a
lot has happened we came back to the
meeting it went really well I feel like
it's not a big deal if I tell you guys
basically the four of us are doing like
a roommate wars type of series so we're
gonna be competing in the weirdest
challenges of her but it's going to be
so much fun I think we'll be filming
that in early February but I just
finished cleaning my room so drew is
about to help me film the room tour oh
yeah so just successfully finished
filming the room tour it certainly took
like 15 minutes which is awesome because
I wanted to keep it very casual and just
have drew kind of follow me around with
the camera as I showed you guys once
inside so that video isn't going up
until next week because this week I will
be filming a collab video with mani
Bragg so very excited can you guys hear
that our maintenance man just came over
he's fixing the roof because I couldn't
we have a leak in my room well it's not
leaking anymore but they need to take
care of something on the roof so they're
like stomping around it's pretty loud
though any time anyone walks out our
roof it's like Boom Boom Boom
so benefit sent me a package and look at
how funny these glasses are I like it
I'm making some blueberry oatmeal and
that's totally put a little too much
blueberry in it it's so cool guys this
is so exciting it this is the first time
I am using the little suction cup tripod
on my actual car because as you guys
know I bought in Chicago but it looks
like you just totally cute on top but in
reality you're actually wearing sweat
pants with socks and
Kalaa got her coffee and i swear to god
guys like this second i took a sip my
insides were like oh this is such great
lighting right now you can see so much
currently with Drew and Alex they're
about to go do something that I should
be partaking in but I can't wait going
yeah no it's not because of a bad friend
it's because I have an audition that I
have to go to I'm gonna go this way this
is not right okay basically hunter March
has this show called top 5 live and Jack
is gonna be on it today and these fools
are going to be surprising him on the
show but he doesn't know I'm supposed to
be there exactly it's his birthday
tomorrow
I can't wait to like awkwardly stand in
front of a live audience many people are
gonna be there it's like a pretty good
it's like two bleachers of people have
you been there no but I've seen audience
- awesome yeah yeah we're just hanging
for a bit and then we're gonna split off
and do our things my window is open oh
sorry for the poor lighting the Sun has
already gone down it's 6 p.m. I'm super
hungry so once I get home I am at making
dinner right - the winning Catan guitar
guitar ok guys it's Kat and time this is
what we do when we all get ready to play
Catan we just shout it across the house
we go Catan Catan I need introduce you
to today's tournament isn't tournament
there at when there's multiple games
though yeah
today's battle okay I like she learned
how to play this game last night
and she won so now she's all like Oh
winning I enjoyed the game was I'm not a
sore loser
okay I'm a competitive person yes I love
winning it's fun who doesn't right but
last night while they were playing I
joined the game with them but it was
already like midnight and I needed to
memorize my lines for today's audition
and so I was getting worried about that
and I wasn't doing a good job anyways so
I was like hey guys okay I'm not really
like a major participant in this game
like I'm just gonna peace out early so
that I can practice and then fall asleep
and Alex took it as I'm the biggest sore
loser that there is anyways the game
that we're playing is called Catan if
you guys have never heard of it I
seriously highly recommend its kind of
very similar to monopoly but I feel like
it doesn't take as long it's monopoly
right no it's like it's probably hour
and a half long game I feel like our
game is usually that side yeah and like
I say as long as it gets an hour
yeah that's made me really nervous I
know you guys are balancing on something
right now and it's really not that
stable and it's cool because the board
game changes every time because they're
different pieces and you're trading with
different things like brick and wood and
it's cold guys so once we set up I'll
show you guys like seriously I'm not
sponsored by Catan bilang can email my
description box okay just kidding
we have randomly placed the panels and
now the board is being revealed feel
like I'm about to enter into the Hunger
Games or something very very important
this is a good board I'm feeling me not
upset about it what's not right we are
in the middle
like getting heated here's what we have
going on
co-op around for coffee what's up good
chance I do not have seven cards okay I
was like four oh I know you
that was like demonic I always just got
that on footage dang it he just got her
back
we're playing John Mayer right now on
the speakers by the way there she goes
again there she goes Jim a few inches
late he'll so as you guys can tell Alex
just won she had one house one
settlement - one - this is these are
what two points three four five five six
seven eight and a victory card sorry
guys oh also Lexi just woke up from her
nap so we decided that we wanted to take
a trip to San Francisco this weekend so
we're gonna go hook some tickets and
book some hotels and
that such right there so yeah let's do
it guys bring out two laptops and two
people should be actively like yo yo yo
man that's okay you guys will come on go
look online and then we'll like both
tickets together okay
damn it your blood please show me the
foot it's not too bad let's see it come
on come on bring it to me
viewer discretion is the best it's
actually not that bad
I've taken pretty good care of it but it
is pretty gross okay
oh oh that's a cut that is yeah that
looks like a little like slash oh that's
big for all the people that like looking
at feet you're welcome yeah bye guys all
right here we go it actually popped it
was so satisfying it was like wow there
we go oh I think it popped her something
that was so exhilarating we need to stop
it with these jokes um that is what we
do at 12:30 a.m. you did it there you go
guys I really need to document that I'm
really happy that I did because I've
always wanted to do that as well but I
just got to live by vicariously through
himself by curiously using the big words
guys yo fun fact I always thought it was
by curiously or something like that but
it's vicariously it's VI oh really
but there we go see guys I'm not crazy
some people think it's by curiously but
it's a vicariously so that's
yeah so a mission has been requested for
some reason stair sledding was brought
up so Logan just sled down his stairs
and now I'm gonna try it but I have
wooden stairs so this may not be a very
smart idea
right now we're connecting ok I need to
get a black hole ok any of this yeah ok
that was so much faster than I thought
it would
don't mine whatever is going on right
here I think a pimple is arising
thoughts
shortly after I went to bed and it is
now the next morning and I'm editing
this so I just want to say bye guys
I hope you enjoyed today's vlog if you
guys want me to vlog my San Francisco
trip let me know by liking this video
because I really want to I think it
would be a really really cool vlog thank
you for watching and I'll see you guys
very soon bye
