a little Christmas blend even though
it's way past Christmas my place is so
clean right now the pipes are so good
they're so good
welcome to my first vlog of 2018 waiter
in this flock will probably get into
some resolutions and talk about New
Year's stuff but right now I have to
head out of the house I am visiting
gleam I'm gonna go pick up some flowers
this it's like New Year and the first
time I'm seeing them I wish I was brave
any others actually I think so that you
can I'm at the Container Store right now
I'm picking up another little like
organizing shelf type thing to put in my
closet because I have this back corner
where I could definitely utilize the
space so we're getting that and then
also I've been meaning to get this for
awhile I just want to get like a little
sponge holder for my sink in the kitchen
a mini cutting board because I wanted a
small one and then lastly I have a bunch
of these little containers these are my
favorite ones the anchor brand because
they're glass but then the caps are a
plastic and rubber anyways I love them I
have them in like three different sizes
and so I wanted a smart one let me show
you guys what happened to my vlog camera
that I've been using for the past like
six months when you flip this up to be
able to see what you're doing it's
supposed to be firm and not move I got
all loose also the lens doesn't
completely close if you can see that I
think it's time to get a new camera I'm
using my old one right now and the
reason why I stopped using this one is
because it has the same problem with the
lens and then also they're like weird
flares with it and like the the lighting
looks different and the focus I don't
know I just need a that's something that
I need to get to explain what's
happening here the flower shop that I
went to this morning the guy gave me two
roses for free if it kind of works out
great cuz i got these yesterday so these
will blend in nicely and it'll just have
a little orange one in the middle mm-hmm
cute love it when I was back in Chicago
I purchased something from local heroes
which is an online store completely
forgot what I purchased so we shall see
it
what can i buy oh oh this is so cute oh
my gosh I got a little mini skirt oh and
I feel like it looks so good with this
top wow I've got two things I got
another skirt Who am I I forgot this
one's cute it's also just like a little
cotton skirt but this one has the little
bands right here that says heroes local
heroes you guys I am so happy right now
yesterday was a closet cleaning day for
me I went through every single article
of clothing and decided to either keep
or toss and so I'm selling and donating
a bunch literally there's a giant pile
just staring at me on the floor I'm
gonna have to sort through that but yeah
that means that my closet is completely
cleaned out it's also finally done as
far as how I'm having everything
organized and I finally have all the
pieces and everything I'm so happy let
me show you guys I have more in the
trunk of my car but yeah it's a lot of
clothes so I need to go through that I
have to vacuum the carpets but this is
what we're working with my closet feels
so open so clean as you can see I got
rid of a lot of stuff I mean don't get
me wrong this is a lot of clothing but I
finally feel like I can see everything
and go through it all this is the little
organizer that I got today I just built
it so I'm going to figure out what to
put in there right here I have like
stockings tights that sort of stuff and
then I got my two belts here so maybe
this will be like an accessories type
thing I'm gonna figure it out but I
wanted this here for a very long time so
now this is what it's looking like I do
like sweats up there fancier stuff also
I don't know if I ever showed you guys
what I keep in here but in here I have
like pajama shirts shorts some like
nicer leggings like Lululemon a low
stuff like that and then here I have
like more workout leggings workout tops
sports bras that is what we're working
with I have never felt more motivated to
like put on a cute outfit and also shop
because now I have room for it that was
honestly the main purpose of it was
because I was just over everything and I
need
- like by cuter stuff and so I'm gonna
do like a little closet revamp also also
also awesome Rebecca was over the other
night and she told me such a genius idea
to test which clothes you are wearing so
if you ever have a day where you go
through your whole closet and clean
everything re hang all of your pieces so
that's the hangar faces towards you
because naturally like no one hangs
hangers like this so six months from now
I'm gonna be able to see which pieces I
never ended up wearing or touching
because after I use everything I'm gonna
put it back like the other way if that
makes sense so everything is backwards I
am so excited to test out what I
actually end up wearing this is what's
happening right now I'm doing some work
on a computer and I got a pig fireplace
many months later I love how the fire
video is still playing right now so
going on it's like 10 hours long super
comfy cozy heading to the movies why did
I finish my blog yesterday here's why
last night I went to go see call me by
your name it was so good it was so pure
and wholesome and ok so I saw it with
Stefan and Meaghan everything about that
movie the way that it's shot the music
the acting the actors oh it was just I
really hope it wins Best Picture we'll
see I've never sat in a theater and
experienced such a like silent crowd
after a movie was done if you guys have
seen the movie then you know the last
shot that happens that runs on for like
five minutes and you're just like oh
just melting yeah once the movie
finished like everyone was silent no one
dared to get up and why don't I already
have low battery you can just feel how
like thick and heavy the air was around
you it was insane me Megan and Stefan
we're bawling our eyes out and so we
just decided to take a walk and then we
ended up sitting in a circle on the
floor outside and we sat there for
probably three hours just sharing
stories and crying in each other's laps
and like it was just it was a really
really good night I'm so glad that I saw
that movie and I'm probably gonna see it
again next week that movie just
showcased falling in love so so well
it's crazy I think what broke me down
was just watching that and knowing that
I haven't fully experienced that I think
I've thought I was in love maybe like
once or twice in my life but it was
definitely more infatuation or just kind
of smoke and mirrors and hoping that I
was and thinking that I was but just
seeing that and I was acting that was in
a movie that just like makes me think oh
my gosh I can only imagine what like the
real deal is like yeah that movie just
made me very hopeful that one day I'll
find that person we're digging through I
changed the battery earlier in this
video I did mention that I want to talk
about New Year's resolutions with you
guys and honestly I feel like I still
haven't released
down and like thought about the like
picky little things that I want to try
to continue to do so I'm just gonna list
off the ones that kind of come to mind
and the ones that I have already started
doing now that we're like five days into
the new year the first one the number
one the big boy the bad boy I feel like
I've just unlocked another secret to how
to be a happier claudius loose key I
think everyone needs different things to
be happy but this is already making me
so happy and wow wow wow wow wow wow
would you guys watch the video that I
just uploaded on my main channel it's
called seven biggest lessons I've
learned in 2017 and I think it's all
like pretty solid advice it's all stuff
that I've learned one of the things that
I talked about in that video and then
also I kind of talked about it and if
you like a few of my other vlogs where I
start getting over an T but it's kind of
this idea of how much you're willing to
enjoy your time versus like buckling
down and working and stuff in this seven
lessons video I talked about how you
shouldn't fear FOMO that it's okay to
like miss out on a few things whatever
and I totally still agree with that um
but I think what happened to me and I
can't believe it's like taking me this
long to realize this but basically my
work habits did not change from living
in a house with three people to living
alone and so for the longest time I just
felt like what I was doing and how is
spending my time was just like healthy
and normal and this is like not what I'm
filming on set because when you're on
set for 12 hours like you that's that's
no choice you're doing that you're there
but like as far as just like my regular
lifestyle days or I'm just making like
YouTube videos since I live alone and I
have a job where I clock in on my own
hours and I can do things whenever
whatever time of day I want
it's definitely wonderful but also you
have this disgusting amount of freedom
within your days where you know I'll
have like a bunch of things to do but
knowing that I have the entire day to
myself to do them I'll just kind of like
you know clean my kitchen and just do
other like chore things that like my
brain is registering as being productive
and doing something good but that I'm
stuck editing a video that's like do the
next morning at like 8 p.m. or something
I realized that I just kept falling into
that
and I started spending all of my like
Mondays through Fridays basically alone
like the idea of me hanging out with
people on the weekdays just felt
irresponsible in my head or I felt like
I could only hang out on the weekends I
don't even know like I'm 21 years old
why am i pretending I'm like a mother
with kids and I can't spare you know an
evening to go out to dinner with some
friends on like whatever a weekday yeah
I like kind of just imprisoned myself
and built these walls of like if you do
that then you're not being focused
enough for something which is so dumb
because I look back on my year and I've
had an amazing year and I've made a lot
of cool like memories and I've traveled
a bunch and everything but there were a
lot of nights that I just spent alone in
this apartment just doing so many things
and then realizing like what did I
actually do today if that makes sense so
basically to cap off this like long
tangent that I just went on the new
year's resolution that I really really
want to stick to this year is basically
treating my job slash chores as a
nine-to-five so I'm talking like any
sort of cleaning filming editing
responding to emails any of that sort of
stuff all of that can only happen from
9:00 to 5:00 if I wake up before 9:00
great I have some free time if I don't
finish my day's work and it's 5 p.m.
then that's fine I'm punishing myself
and I'm just gonna have to continue that
work the next day and then that'll
remind me to actually get my done
in that timeframe because basically I
totally have enough time to also see and
hang out with people yeah that's what
I've been doing and I'm only five days
in and it has felt so freeing knowing
that like every single day after 5:00
p.m. if anyone hits me up or I want to
hit up anyone like I'm free and I have
no stress or worry that I'm like wasting
my time and I could be getting some work
done or something because no I already
got it done from 9:00 to 5:00 and 95
this is like a very very large chunk of
your day like that is that is a full
workday and I don't even need that much
time that's why I'm also including like
chores and errands in there too that's
like my biggest news resolution this
year is just to treat it like a night of
because when you live alone it becomes
super lonely and it's so easy to what
kind of trap yourself this week has been
amazing I had Rebecca over I cooked her
dinner and we hung out I think I'm like
Tuesday I saw the movies last night
tonight I'm gonna make some slime with
Drew I don't even know why he was like
do you want to make slime and drink wine
I was like you're speaking my language
so yeah for those of you who were asking
what last night's Instagram story was
about because I like wrote this little
thing at 12:00 a.m. this is what it was
about every single day this year has
been exceptional so far I made a promise
to start balancing my life correctly and
it feels damn good like I've broken out
of the prison I built for myself 2018
the year of feeling blessed not stressed
stress is not a cute look it's not I let
you guys know if I think of any more but
those are the ones right now also I feel
like I've just been talking on such a
long rant that I'm just gonna end this
clip yeah okay cool what are we making
fine oh thank you and what's not a good
oh this is exactly is that it looks wow
it looks like melted ice cream with
sprinkles over here is she's making all
the effort guy yeah Laura clorox at law
rocks do something winter on it working
I thought this is gonna be so much
prettier
you
