okay ready ready Utah
round two I hope you guys are ready how
did this trip even go about I guess
start there you were flying back from
Chicago yeah and your original plan was
to go back to LA right but nobody's
gonna be there
so what's along the way maybe I could
just like have like an extra-long
layover in Utah
I hope it'll ride a gas I just realized
were super super low we're gonna lows
yeah Claudia has never been to lows and
that's not why we're going that's that's
why I just want to get a Grand Tour of
the lows here and Erin's grandpa left
his vice grips at my house and I think
the maintenance people grab him so we're
gonna go by Erin's grandpa's new vice
grips I don't even know what those look
like
oh look learning we're gonna learn what
by scriptures yeah we're learning see ya
later bye boopity boop boop boop bop
were in home despite because you did you
know that was vlogging stop down food
lows was a no-go so we're in Home Depot
now yeah he's having too much fun right
now I have it fully awesome there's so
many tools so many toys hello oh my gosh
hey wait can I open it oh wait we're
here oh my gosh oh my gosh how do I get
our hands is no because I'm dead we need
to stop being distracted I need to find
the vice grips for tell me what is the
lucky winner I don't know I'm trying to
think about what his grandpa would like
swell but this is what it is basically
yeah so these are vice grips and then
these are channellocks tools tools tools
101 for night one we're doing a little
dinner night I will be making really did
okay simple yeah we picked up another
wheel oh yeah David's here I'm the
squeaky wheel guys meet David hey
he saw sounds of this we are all going
to be cooking something yes I'm making
soup potato fries homemade sign is okay
better live up to the hype understand
I'm doing them some classic barbecue
chicken it's gonna be good you guys just
wait and see there's I'm covering that I
see they were doing teriyaki bowls with
potato fries how weird is that
it's a weird combo but I'm into it
sounds so killing it it's all good it
does so Logan's gonna chug this entire
bottle of barbecue sauce for
our um 20 bucks $20 that's gonna be my
yep we are failing at cooking right now
first of all I cut my finger just look
at this bad news that has been
constructed we don't have a band-aid so
that's what's going down right now I'm
trying to make these fries
the Oh what is what is going what is
smoking right now wax paper is allowed
in the oven so I don't understand what's
going on I think it's because the pan
underneath was wet yeah mainly is that
it I guess the condensation do you have
an oven mitt I don't know you don't have
an what do we do then okay I don't know
what smoking though maybe we spilt okay
you guys perhaps this is not her fault
perhaps we have spilled something on the
heating element before it's just smoking
we're trying so hard that that's the
biggest thing we really are we are the
effort is being made we got this I
believe let's just leave it in a little
bit longer let him crisp it up then
we'll flip on maybe the smokes just kind
of like a pre thing yeah yeah exactly
yeah yeah ding ding ding good morning
good morning good morning everyone
almost a shot my camera so what are we
doing right now we are gonna do the
inevitable we're going snowboarding it's
gonna happen gonna teach me how to
snowboard I'm great deal of faith in you
Claudia how he's gonna learn how to
shred today I'm really scared I'm just
gonna completely wipe out like every
five minutes and just totally suck we'll
see it's freezing what's the temperature
I actually got warm right now 20 team
which is that not too bad compared to
negative eight its yeah exactly it's
been like in the negatives for the past
few days yeah that's part yeah no gotta
see modular new legs
never filing moment never a moment I
mean ever for the moment he my shorter
father people Gracchus Manish Stockman
it's all you know start toesies right
here oh no oh no you did you made it
look good perfect if I drop you right
now we're done so that's the end of this
life but if you're watching this then
we're fine
okay so right now we're on the largest
ski lift but it's going good guys I'm
having so much fun
Claudia can I just say like Claudia has
been an excellent pupil to everybody out
there
what is a berry her buoyancy is not
balanced we're swimming over here guy
over swimmin her balance is he like
she's been doing good
but the view is so pretty she's killing
it I think y'all get around a trance on
your profile where you saw that got away
turn a little flying around slip and
slide our snowboarding excursion is done
guys it was awesome
two thumbs way up seriously we got to go
on the big hill and it was like a little
swoop T swoop flew MIDI limp thing for
some reason I was having a lot of
troubles going on the West while out oh
there's a certain way yeah hi Joe
I kept slowing down at the turn which
would just make me completely stop and
it wasn't that steep so this kid over
here was literally just like gonna be
sore tomorrow
I felt like behind er and I was with my
board this way water board was this way
and I was jump pushing you just jump
pushing me and I feel so bad but I just
don't want that to go unnoticed because
oh that was very sweet of you
it was worth it that I learned a new
sport yes and now we're heading back
home we're gonna chill out cuz work home
we need to toast up our booties toast a
mutt am i right booty toasting time whoo
ah
here we are getting some dinner here at
Kroger beef we sell two pound meat
sticks my freaking femoral arteries are
plotted right now Logan's getting
lettuce yeah look at us go okay wait my
murmur and rare get a good cheese as
well do you like cheese on chicken burn
I love cheese samesies we've got a
Caesar salad kit and we're making turkey
burgers while Logan's making turkey
burgers I guess I'm just gonna shake up
the salad hey we're sitting at home
cheese sorry sorry guys
normal cheese I would thank you from
Campbell's Chunky daddy no no bail who
do you bail bail please turn the cart
around we're gonna snatch your days yeah
just abandon me get stuck in a simmer
you grab me for over there no no no what
Rabi right now just stop wait when you
catch a man cheating there you go ladies
oh this is bail put that away
hey slyzer no good gosh dang it how do
you miss the buns okay seriously
guys you just got in trouble it is a
known fact that these force to cause
concussions and I just no joke do I stay
on or do I get off I don't know cool
we'll just drive really slow actually
coke
yep thanks yeah okay bill you know my
hands are slippery with yo you like that
nope like I could just dump it my all we
need detergent we're low like I thought
you're about to carjacked right there I
got scared scared for some money if you
don't forget week his name is Bill I
just leave you like so many projects
okay wait you need to stop you nice low
down it's probably where the bread car
I'm going I'm going over there now
oh here we are boom papa shut down the
buns bill and Kathy did not disappoint
for dinner this evening that's right
look about we've got turkey burgers with
some lettuce tomato
I drew a nice little ketchup art W
Wisconsin no Wisconsin there you go BAM
T of course and some ice water on the
side in the mason jars incredible you
know I'm in a Texas to my dad and be
like yeah we just made burgers sorry
today Logan and I will be doing a
hands-on review we're gonna peel these
things off sleepover essential sleep
bring in a prep you I should be safe I
wash my face I should yeah water
separate already is that bad no I'll
look in my face wash everyone's sleeping
in this house right now are you guys
we're gonna have a one-on-one right now
nervous level right now for these face
masks let's just get a shot that stuff
on our faces a little nervous Kirby if
I'm nervous
so Mills this is so funny I am like so
relaxed right this reminds me of like
fishing activities Herbal Essences
same glue me okay this is my first time
has a bike that's how you know a
professional from a new right there
don't restrain it bites everything
many months later I'm ready to take this
also on come tomorrow
all right we're killing us all yeah just
feels so cool it kind of hurts I like it
if my skin that is my face look somewhat
like you thanks a lot
yeah so I think this is the first clip
I'm filming today which is absolutely
horrendous I feel so bad guys I'm sorry
we're out here being the cause of Danny
it is the morning of my second-to-last
day I think so last full day which
actually fun fact I'm supposed to be
home right now technically we extended
the trip last night last-minute decision
last-minute decision what's it called
but why why does this feel so familiar
this situation huh so technically you
guys we're here yesterday was it was
yesterday or two days ago
no two days ago two days ago Carlina
Jackson water sound the same exactly
yeah I ordered the same exact food and
so did I so did cloths yes so now it's
totally day job you want Ando second day
grab butter burrs and this place is so
great they give you like these cinnamon
twists I mean I've it looks gross now
but it's so good your eyes look so blue
right now
it's way it's focused on the lady behind
you okay wait so do what hack get him
from a mama uh-huh
we just filmed look at one and a half
minute clip I would say say goodbye to
you guys what a clod just didn't didn't
click the button we started breaking out
into singing yeah we did we can assure
you Gabriela begins music ooh on our way
to the airport
two
go home guys I'm really sad it was a
very good trip though
ooh Bertha's yeah I did on the real good
time good adventures
