if I notice what is going on in there
guys it's Christmas morning and it's
time to find the pickle whoever finds it
gets to open up a present first see this
tree is so weirdly shaped it's like
messing with me okay Kevin it's a real
pickle it looks it looks like a real
pickle found it yeah yeah again again
what do you mean kind of that size
addition to solid no Kevin found it in
the Georgina oh let me see man there it
is guys you can't even see it
bit right there Marcin are you said
about the rollerblades
someone was listening oh
there he goes and his Christmas PJs
run free now Matt's going with his Barry
is loving life debt can you like do a
little side to side turn so we could see
the sparkles that way oh yeah
so festive you look very handsome have
you just like this mm-hmm yep and then I
fluttered good right some is loving this
so dark thank you David we just finished
a breakfast and opening all the kids and
I'm gonna go get ready soon to film my
what I got for Christmas
then I was very good here me too are you
gonna tell me what I got for Christmas
video I have this got my own channel be
patient
Lexie's you heard it here first guys
everyone's working as a team to clean
the kitchen clean yeah yeah mom sit down
no you have a broken wrist come on stop
I have butts nope sit down I'm alive are
Malhar ups around I'm about to film mmm
I'm about to film of my what I got for
Christmas video for my main channel so
if you guys want to watch that click on
the box right here that's how you can
watch it now I'm gonna start filming it
25 minutes late there oh yeah just
finish the main channel video that
seriously put me in the greatest mood
ever just because I feel like I haven't
filmed a sit-down main channel video in
a while so it felt really good to do
that but now I'm going to clean all this
stuff up and figure out what well
actually when I have to edit and upload
that okay so what is this this is for me
oh my mom brought in one last gift
apparently we all had smaller gifts that
she somewhere lost in your room right
was it in your room yeah so we're doing
a little unboxing oh my gosh this is
adorable my mom loves like her little
suede fringe so it's like a little
bullet
thank you that time you're gonna use it
you won't think oh honey I already think
of you when I look at this ring my mom
gave me one of her rings right before I
moved out to California and I wear it
every single day but this is very cute
thank you very much
did you enjoy Christmas this year
I'm not gonna like traffic though that
was for you
come shoot under these two ways just a
new one yeah oh my gosh I've been
wanting to see this for so long
okay where are you pulling this out
right now huh now you're spoiling me
this is too much can we watch this today
all right well we're gonna go watch this
for Kevin from my this is for marcin
it's looking for dad dad loves Adele
hello
my mom got little boxers for Marcin
huh always naughty why did you forget to
pack these they're so good I just won't
get to my cool you put them in my closet
oh yeah rip it off Wow nobody in
question I don't think so and a little
plate
the play well that's safe the blade just
flipped someone on the ground got them
so slow that's okay okay I'm just
worried that I'm gonna step on it this
is what happens after I say see you guys
next week bye
I'm currently uploading my what I got
for Christmas video I'm happy with how
it came out because it was just super
simple and casual so no crazy edits or
anything like that but I really just
want to get this up today because I feel
like everyone uploads these videos on
the day of Christmas I'm just trying to
keep up with everyone but it is exactly
5 o'clock right now and I have only
eaten breakfast today so I'm starving
let's go let's go see what we have in
the kitchen oh my gosh Francis did you
have a good Christmas yeah you got a lot
of love I was petting her for so long
I've realized that I absolutely love
when fireplaces are on it's so warm and
I love the sound of like the crackling
fire and we currently have some music
playing in the background we think Oh so
festive right now okay you go eat love
you my mom's making a cute little hummus
platter all the guys are currently
watching a Kingsman in the TV room
it's about this guy who enters like this
secret service and it's actually pretty
good ice Island last year earlier this
year my mom is baking goose today I
think I might need some cereal why do we
all crave cereal at the weirdest times
of day it's like never in the morning
it's always in the middle of the night
we're in that awkward like it's not
dinner but it's definitely not lunch
anymore face um maybe that's just me oh
yes so lately I've been getting a lot of
comments from you guys asking about what
I do to my skin as far as what lotion
and cleanser use and stuff like that
because for the most part my skin is
really clear and you guys can see that
when I don't wear makeup in my vlogs
this is something that I've been meaning
to talk about and I just remembered
about it so let's do it now
so starting off with the morning the
second I wake up the first thing I do is
wash my face and I am hands-down 100% in
love with Burt's Bees facial cleansers
in general I just love this brand so
much this is their brightening daily
facial cleanser and it's a cream
cleanser so it doesn't lather but it
still works really really well and it
clears your face they have a few
different cream cleansers I also really
like the moisture one there's one that's
called like total moisture or something
like that but this is the brightening
one and I feel like all the cream
cleansers for the most part work
relatively the same on my skin but my
skin just reacts really well to more
like natural products so I really really
did notice a difference so every morning
I wake up and wash my face with this
then I'll go in with a face lotion and
sometimes I skip this process because my
face won't be drive I really really like
the benefits moisturize total moisture
lotion I really love this line of
products there's a few different ones I
also have this one to show you guys
which I don't use that much because it's
more of a specific product this is the
it's potent
i benefit cream and you can apply it
under your eyes and on your eyelids
to kind of brighten up and wake up your
eyes so this I'll use occasionally when
I'm feeling fancy it's very thick so you
can feel it doing the job so that is
pretty
much the only thing that I'll do to my
face in the morning I like to use makeup
wipes to take off the majority of my
makeup and I really like the night
relaxing all-in-one cleansing wipes from
clean and clear these are awesome
in general clean and clear as my
favorites makeup wipe brand after that
I'll go in with the same facial cleanser
and then at this point I'll boy stur
eyes my face according to what I want to
achieve if that makes sense so if it's a
normal day and I just you know want to
apply on some good moisturizer I'll use
this if I notice what is going on in
there they are getting way too into
their video games right now so if it's a
what the hell someone dying over there
they go slowly and painfully um I'll be
there in a second if I'm starting to
look paler and want to add some color to
my face
then I'll apply on some saint-tropez
mousse if I wanted to be more subtle
then I'll actually mix these two and
apply it to my face like a self-tanning
lotion tech thing but if I notice any
breakouts on my face or if I see any
pimples starting to rise or any redness
coming onto my cheeks then I will use
these two products these are the only
two products that I use that are
specifically targeted towards any type
of acne as you guys can see I like to
use very simple natural products that's
the best and smartest thing to do for my
skin as long as I take care of my skin
it treats me well these always do the
job super quickly and it takes care of
everything overnight so this is the
clean and clear dual action moisturizer
I have been using this stuff for so many
years now and I've always loved it and
then I also really like their advantage
acne spot treatment and this I'll just
kind of dot on any sits and that is
pretty much all that I do to my skin now
I'm gonna go hang out with the guys
because you know I'm just trying to be
one of the dudes guys I understand why
they're getting so into it now cuz
they're playing smash bros cutie alerts
haha I'm gonna
up this jacket so oh my god please yeah
try the jacket on I never shared with
you guys what I got for my family
members but for my mom I got her this
really awesome like fringe suede jacket
that's dark grey from Topshop and I got
her like some Lululemon leggings because
they're really thick and really
high-quality and she will definitely
make great use of those this winter for
Kevin I got him these shoes that I
actually randomly just thought he would
like it so funny because he ended up
going to a shoe store a few days later
with my brother and he pointed those out
he was like oh my god these are sick and
MRSA was like ah don't buy those for
yourself so that was awesome
and then I got him like some lush stuff
because Kevin loves taking his bubble
baths and like a little candle and then
Marcin I helped him pay for this drum
machine that you guys saw us play with
in the store and I bought him these like
nice jogger sweatpants from adidas oh my
gosh you look so good and you hold on
let me finish this real quick my dad I
got him some cooking related stuff for
example like this little jar of like
truffle butter from williams-sonoma that
you can put on like hamburgers and like
things like that and then I got in like
this pillow mints from Bath and Body
Works that is supposed to help with
stress and you spray it on your pillow
before you go to bed and it's like
eucalyptus mint or something and then
what else I get sad oh I got him like a
like a phone a holder thing that you
suction cup on to your windshield
because he uses his iPhone for
directions and he doesn't have one of
those so that was that was um more of a
safety precaution but he liked that I'm
trying to go through presents that I got
you guys tasted all the Santa Claude's
came in this year so that's the jacket
that my mom got oh it looks so perfect
on you I'm really glad these guys just
no no but like super cute super cute yay
thank you you're welcome
see Santa Lots Thank You Sinterklaas no
problem huh when is dinner she's been
saying that it was ready like for the
past two hours I know I so funny
here is our Christmas Day dinner so we
have been going so ham on these PG
because they're so little they're just
like eat me hey we're so okay everyone
just stop talking for because they're
all gently
no but seriously they've just been like
because eat us we're so fun and little
stuff with us okay bye
we are watching one of the greatest
holiday movies ever so that is gonna be
it for vlogmas day 25 or should I say
vlogmas 2015 i really hope you guys
enjoyed all of the vlogs this year
because i know i had so much fun and as
always i'm really glad that i was a part
of it and that you guys got to join me
on my december journey but that is not
where it's ending we're still gonna be
vlogging I'm probably not gonna clog
like today or tomorrow or whatever but
you know we'll see we'll feel it out the
past 25 days have been seriously so
amazing and so awesome you guys are
always so sweet in the comments and I'm
just very thankful to have you guys in
my life and be able to celebrate the
holidays with not only my friends and
family but with you guys as well which
is awesome so thank you so much I love
you guys and I will see you guys very
soon bye
