I just feel like it's not appropriate to
judge or assume anyone's work ethic just
by the title of their jobs not really
not your traditional area that's a
negative there it's so bad that the time
has come to show you guys a house tour
I'm finally given the opportunity to
drive in the Porsche and look at how
fancy this looks I'm currently about to
back up and like what even is this what
this is unreal we've got the camera set
up all I've done is back up and this car
is already such an experience
Merry Christmas Eve everyone and hmm
welcome to vlogmas day 24 we're off on a
great start because my vlogging camera
already says that it's low on battery
but that's ok cuz we're only going to
one store right now so right now I am
going to target because I was going to
do it yesterday but I got really tired
once I got home I ended up falling
asleep and then literally not waking up
until like 2 a.m. so that was kind of
the end of yesterday's vlog I know it
had an abrupt ending but right now I am
heading to target because I need to get
some present gift bags and things like
that
watch this store display
that's actually pretty cool I bought a
coffee to drink while I was shopping and
there was this one point where I carted
over like a bump on the floor and I kid
you not the coffee spilled but only on
my face like it's down here it's at a
normal level and all of a sudden it all
splashes on my face and nowhere else
like didn't get anywhere on the floor
nowhere on my clothes nor in the cart
straight up just my face it was so funny
I just tried a laughing at myself you
know in moments like that all you can
really do is laugh at yourself so I
wanted to set down the camera and just
sit and talk to you guys just talk about
a few things that are on my mind right
now
I wanted to apologize how I expressed my
thoughts in yesterday's vlog because
they kind of came out of nowhere and it
threw some of you guys off a little I
wasn't in the greatest mood yesterday I
didn't really talk about it but you know
I'm a normal human being who has days
where I just feel out of it or super
tired or I don't feel like I'm in the
greatest mood and I think because of
that I really just didn't want to vlog
and so I kind of went on this little
rant thing like you know I'm kind of
excited not to have to vlog every single
day and stuff like that and I think that
made some of you guys think that I
wasn't going to finish vlog mess or
something like that and it's totally not
true I'm still vlogging today and
tomorrow I'm probably going to take a
break for a few days after that but I'm
definitely vlogging my New Year's Eve
trip and so knows how life is gonna be
like in January if I'm gonna want to
vlog it or not at the end of the day you
guys know that I love doing it it
usually puts me in a better mood and it
makes me have more productive days so I
just want to say that also there were a
few comments on that vlog that I guess
frustrated me a little bit because I get
it I put my personal life on the
internet and everyone is obligated to
make their own assumptions and opinions
and everything like that but I don't
know some of these comments kind of
irritated me a little bit and I wanted
to I guess explain myself or talk about
it the first one is you have one of the
easiest good playing jobs out there I
wouldn't be complaining if I are you
you'll never have to work a day in your
life because everything is handed to you
to go up to someone and say that they
have the easiest job in the world is a
little unfair and nying to say and I'm
speaking for more than just youtubers
this can seriously apply to anyone's
life or job especially
for youtubers or people in the
entertainment industry I feel like it's
all kind of relative to anyone if you
want your job to be easy you can make it
easy if you want it to be hard and
difficult and stressful then you can
also do that just to use me as an
example if I wanted to make my job easy
I totally could and I could just post
one video every single week on my main
channel and then that'd just be the end
of it
but that is not why I moved out to LA
that is not all that I want to do with
my life for the past year I have been
hosting for Teen Vogue which means
interviewing on red carpets traveling a
bunch making different types of videos I
pretty much say yes to every single
opportunity that comes my way as far as
filming content outside of my channel
and working with different companies and
brands now I'm slowly getting into
acting so I will have to take classes
for that as you guys can see from my
blogs videos I've been going to
auditions pretty much every single week
filming a bunch of stuff for that doing
different things like going on college
tours with L'Oreal or last year I went
on a tour with Yahoo where I wrote a
concert so I think it's really easy for
people to just look at your channel and
be like okay this is the only thing that
they're doing with their lives clearly
they must have the greatest lives or the
easiest schedules things like that and
as far as vlogging on this channel and
participating in vlogmas for the past
three years and stuff I don't have to be
doing this no one is sitting here
telling me that I have to do this it's
part of my job this is something that I
want to do just to be able to connect
with you guys more and be able to let
you guys into my life and know what kind
of person I am because sometimes it's
hard to kind of get a grasp of someone's
personality just through main channel
videos so yes there are definitely
youtubers out there who can take the
easy route and just do a bunch of
challenges or whatnot and just do one
video a week that is totally a thing and
I get what you're saying but if you have
watched any of my vlogs you would know
that I'd like to keep myself busy I like
to go to meetings and do different
things outside my channel because I want
to branch out and expand the different
ways that I like to work and bring out
my creativity and express myself and
stuff like that so I kind of do take
that very personally because at 19 years
old I feel like I work my ass off trying
to do as much as I can but
also enjoy just living life and stuff I
think a lot of people tend to forget how
old I actually am and like I was
mentioning before this can totally apply
to so many other jobs so for example
let's say you have an author who wrote
an amazing book it's a best-seller book
and it makes them enough money to not
have to work a single day in their life
okay that'd have to be a pretty
successful book but let's just say that
happened this writer let's say his name
is Bob he could totally just not work
for the rest of his life and you can
consider him to have the easiest job in
the world because all I did was write
one book and he made enough money to not
have to work but then let's compare Bob
to another writer who maybe wrote a book
that was just as successful as Bob's so
they're in the same position but maybe
this writer wants to do more than just
write one book in his life maybe he
wants to turn it into a trilogy or try
out a different form of writing or write
more books whatever and then all of a
sudden this person's career just became
so much more active in social and can't
really consider it the easiest job
anymore
you could also apply this to a teacher I
definitely had teachers where you could
tell that they didn't really feel
passionate about their job they just
kind of taught you what they needed to
teach you and kept class just very
standard nothing really above and beyond
or anything like that but then also
there's teachers who like to try their
best and they'll stay after school to
help kids out and help tutor them or
create fun and exciting projects for
their students to learn in a different a
more creative way there are so many jobs
out there where it's relative to
everyone and you can make it easier or
harder if you want to and so that's why
I really hate when people go up to
anyone and say you have the easiest job
in the world because that's such a
personal thing to comment about so to
wrap this up I just feel like it's not
appropriate to judge or assume anyone's
work ethic just by the title of their
job you can sit here and call me a
youtuber but there's so many other
things that I do then just post videos
online so I guess that is kind of what I
want to say gosh I hope I don't get a
bunch of hate from this and I hope that
some of you guys can agree with me the
other comments said honestly I kind of
prefer your Chicago vlogs more because
you seem happier this is
really like a hate comment but I just
want to comment on it I've definitely
gotten quite a few comments saying I
enjoy your vlog so much more in Chicago
I feel like you act more like yourself
or you seem happier and stuff like that
and it's really interesting to read
those comments because I kind of feel
the opposite don't get me wrong I love
being home I love being with my family
and being with my friends out here and
stuff but my life out in Los Angeles is
the life that I have worked towards and
created for myself and I'm surrounded by
the people that I could see myself
surrounded with for the rest of my life
and I'm out there doing things that make
me very happy and I would be totally
happy doing for a very long time I think
this kind of goes into the whole growing
up on YouTube I've been making YouTube
videos for six years which is so crazy
to say and so it's very easy for a lot
of you guys to say hey you have changed
so much since you moved or you are not
the same person that you were back in
2009 and that just kind of makes me
laugh like well ya know da were you the
same person six years ago everyone is
going to change you're changing every
single year every single day in my case
I just happen to be vlogging all of it
and showcasing it to the world so I can
totally see why you guys would love
watching me vlog while I'm at home with
my family because it kind of brings you
a feeling of nostalgia you know being in
this room and seeing these walls and
seeing my parents and everything like
that so it makes sense but at the same
time there are so many things that
happen here that are kind of outside of
my control for example my family is not
perfect in any way I only show you guys
the moments that I want to put out on
the internet and that I think are
appropriate to show you guys while I've
been out here of course I've gotten into
endless fights with my mom and gotten
frustrated with my family members or
things like that that's totally normal
to happen because my family is insane
we're not perfect but I don't choose to
show those moments to you guys because I
know that the following day everything
is going to be fine and we're going to
be happy again and then if I were to
vlog the bad moments and then all of a
sudden were all happy that leaves you
guys super confused and so I don't
choose to add those moments into these
vlogs and so I guess it's just kind
interesting reading comments saying that
you seem so much happier at home when
really I can't even compare my lifestyle
here versus my lifestyle out in LA
because there are so many things out in
LA that make me so happy and I think
it's really obvious I think I portray
that so much in all of my LA vlogs and
you can just feel the happiness coming
through I can most definitely say that I
am the type of person who feeds off of
productivity and just doing things and
getting things done it just makes me
feel really good about myself thus
making me feel really happy and being
out here I don't really have much to do
because I don't really have the
equipment and resources to work on you
know different things that I want to be
working on out here it kind of leaves me
with a lot of downtime to just do
nothing and that's when I can sort of
start feeling my lazy habits coming back
in like not wanting to keep my room
clean my room has been so messy this
entire week but back home in Los Angeles
the second my room gets dirty I quickly
clean it up and get it done I don't even
know why I'm talking about this anymore
the last comment that I want to talk
about says lol it's only once a year for
25 days that you work hard
ake a vlog edit post and make Bink for
it dot that dot I feel like if you have
watched any of the last like ten minutes
of what I've been saying this kind of
already answers this comment I really do
not do vlogmas for the money at all like
I was saying this is totally something
that I choose to do because I want to
not because I have to and to be honest
you don't really make that much money
off of just Adsense unless you're making
like millions and millions of views on
every single video that's like a
different story but that's literally not
the reason why I choose to do these I do
these because I personally want to for
the memories and being able to look back
at it and like I mentioned before just
to open you guys up to what my everyday
life is like and what my personality is
like things like that I think that's why
it's really easy for vlogmas to become
very overwhelming because I could
totally just sit in bed all day and
upload really boring vlogs for you guys
but that's not the type of person that I
am I want to get up and do things and
show you guys around and vlog in front
of people and things like that I want to
do that stuff for myself I know a lot of
you guys
comments saying Claudia we don't care if
you do things in your vlogs I would
totally watch you sitting in bed talking
for 20 minutes but I wouldn't feel
content uploading a vlog like that just
because that's the type of person that I
am I guess so I think that's why I was
kind of feeling overwhelmed yesterday
because I was having one of those days
where I didn't want to do anything but I
knew that I didn't want to just upload a
vlog of me doing anything so it's really
all just mental it's more of like a
battle in my head than with you guys
that's kind of why I regret saying
anything because I just kind of said it
without explaining myself and that
leaves lots of room an opportunity for
you guys to make inaccurate assumptions
and thoughts about why I was saying
something which isn't bad because that's
just a natural human reaction but yeah
hopefully this kind of cleared up some
of your guys's questions or concerns or
thoughts I'm just getting you guys on
the same page with how I feel about this
stuff because I didn't really explain it
well yesterday but right now it is about
2:00 p.m. and I've pretty much just been
spending the day by myself which is not
good because it is Christmas Eve so I
need to go spend it with my family I'm
gonna go walk down and help my parents
out with either cooking cleaning I have
no idea I guess we'll see but thank you
for hearing me out if you guys have
stuck through all this and um yeah let's
go downstairs
I'm officially got all of the gifts
wrapped up and placed into my closets so
yeah whoo Christmas shopping 2015 check
goodbye see you guys tomorrow morning
guys my mom has gone too far with these
decorations I thought we got rid of this
thing years ago why is it back in my
life oh my god you are so creepy tatha
how's your day good
that's true what you doing most
beautiful thing this year on the whole
year yeah family get-together my own
food you're giving Christmas a lot of
credit over here yeah what about
Thanksgiving what about Easter come on
like this like I think I would have to
agree with that
currently drinking out of a mug that is
labeled Kevin and I'm making the
vegetable salad Oh guys it's so gross
it's like oh it's yeah it is you put
likes me on it don't you
and it'll eat our amazing here pairings
what's that at all UPS having throw-ups
is you know how you'd later I don't
trust it the best whatever mm-hmm
there's this thing called the Gallaudet
car right it's like jelly and there's me
inside look so gross hey so healthy it's
gonna face healthy
the floors are all vacuumed and the tree
is fully decorated yeah it looks so good
and sparkly Oh
guys can you do more than ones
oh it's an orchid is he crazy sexy
friend
definitely definitely sexy yeah you
creepy yeah I like how he added that in
himself look at my mom's attire you look
so cute
already know you should just thank you
okay that was a good one yeah mom is
about to prepare the infamous Christmas
honey ham you look really tan in this
lighting Kevin you look really tired
just we also use your own
when you dancing over there hungry a
after dinner we're gonna play
what is it cards against humanity' but
Kevin do you want to explain how we're
playing it or where we got the game wait
explain how we got the game did you buy
it what did you do
why do you do this to me thank you I
printed the game from Office Depot and
spent two and a half hours cutting every
little square of a card how many cards
are the doodles and you can count how
big are the cards it moves well body up
um the cards thank you uh I don't know
probably like your average deck is not
like a one yeah but it's like sixty five
sheets of paper with like five by like
twelve or something and it was thicker
paper are they like the traditional
nouns and adjectives would you say
partakes oh no not really not your
traditional arey after- back to you Jim
that's disgusting
um that is special your fork no one else
is gonna eat with that okay Ariel does
that grow so you guys gonna stop by that
I will now oh what's up with this music
we chose this music like what even what
kind of genre even isn't a placement on
the guitar I love this tripod cuz we can
just do this okay guys so the time has
come to show you guys a house tour and
what my house looks like so right now
I'm in my bedroom you guys have seen
this room before there's basically just
a bathroom and closet there and then
this is my room so walking outside of my
room you've got Kevin's room and there's
big TV here so everyone watches movies
and plays games he has like the coolest
room in the house
here is marcin's room yeah marcin
doesn't live at home so this room always
looks kind of different then walking
down you guys will notice that we have a
lot of mirrors everywhere and a lot of
like paintings and pictures and stuff
but here is the boys bathroom this is
probably the largest mirror we have in
the house and then there's this huge
tassel some of our decor pieces are very
interesting but yeah there's that and
here we've got my mom's room but I'm not
going to show you guys that room then
going downstairs
you walk in and see the fireplace room
so this is like our fancier living room
Kevin is currently playing on the piano
so this is what it looks like I love
this clock right here here's a painting
of my mom wait I can take that clock I'm
gonna take it once I move out of the
house get my own place okay Lee yeah I
don't want people to destroy it it's
beautiful
Wow thank you so much that's oh don't oh
my gosh no no no no keep it
I want that clock so much we used to
have it up here but then it got replaced
with a mirror classic I really love the
green curtains that we have oh this is
really cool my mom turned this little
mannequin into a lamp and there's like a
bunch of crazy necklaces so cool
here we have our front door another
mirror here's like the fancier dining
room that no one really eats at but
these columns are really cool with this
painting is this a painting I don't even
know there's like a little wardrobe
thing here stuff there here's my dad and
now we go into the kitchen these floors
are awesome Todd to where these tiles
from like France right they were like
friends gotcha
so that
that is a even little call oh yeah right
here there's like a little paw print
from some animal that ran across I think
there's another one somewhere too
this is what the kitchen looks like he's
currently hiding this is where we're
going to be eating our Christmas dinner
and where we normally eat we used to
have chairs here but then we replaced
them with these awesome wooden benches
so now it looks like a large rustic like
lunch table this pot is awesome I think
it's new I've never seen it before so
here's a full view of the kitchen and
down that hallway we actually have like
a floor-to-ceiling mirror and everyone
always walks into it it's really funny
but it makes this hallway look endless
and then here we have the door to the
backyard and all the molding and
cabinets and everything in this kitchen
are so pretty it's like a really pretty
green color then going in this way we
have the TV room this is the new couch
that you guys saw I love this mirror so
much these walls are really cool because
there's a bunch of pictures on them I
feel like I've showed these to guys
before but up there with a picture of me
with our old dog Freddy there's a
picture of me with short boy hair
because Kevin chopped all my hair off oh
there's Kevin with the dog when he used
to have long hair there's Marcin and my
mom here are some more pictures then
going on this wall we've got more I drew
that in like middle school it's supposed
to be Beyonce Marcin Kevin there's me
just work in it that's a piece of art
that Marcin made I made that when I was
younger kind of stuff like that we used
to have a piano here but now it's just a
little desk so here's our smaller
Christmas tree and it's actually pretty
big this year but this is where my mom
keeps all of her vintage ornaments so
these are ornaments that she finds at
like antique markets or garage sales or
thrift stores stuff like that so this is
always an interesting tree to look at
and then we have yet again another
mirror on this wall we've got our TV
oh I just hit myself with the trunk
going this way past the kitchen
you've got the mirror that I was talking
about so it covers up the whole wall
here we have the little mudroom area
looks like that and then we've got the
guest bathroom with the creepy moving
elf that I showed you guys earlier but
we have like a really awesome painting
on this wall and it's actually real it's
really cool looking at it and then the
last stop is our basement which we never
had time or we just never ended up
finishing it I don't know why so it's a
little messy do not judge we've got our
laundry room not that clean either and
then here is the basement yeah there's
just like things everywhere there's a
chalkboard on this wall that I used to
pretend to play school on or any time I
had parties or people over we'd always
draw on it I'm pretty sure there's like
writing yep there's writing on the wall
I forgot to show you guys the ceiling up
here but this is also a really pretty
spot we have this huge chandelier yeah
that is the house tour oh man look at
that ham I'm beautiful vegan ham yeah
that's definitely not vegan wrong it is
that juiciness
we're all preparing for a brutal walk
into the wild Marcin can't even fit that
on your head you don't like but keep it
on it looks great everyone's wearing
Santa hats I'm the lame one just wearing
a hood now that right there is a good
light setup
just a pack of men with Santa hats guys
so we're visiting this house that has
crazy lights every year and there are
actually so many people and so many cars
trying to watch it but basically they
hook up their lights to a radio station
so it goes with the music oh my gosh
haha
this is crazy look at the crowd of
people just watching and all the cars
there's a full-on Grinch in the window
they literally have a sign for when
their light show hours are it does not
get any more legit than this and then
you have like the radio that you tuned
into
yeah silly
yeah haha Kevin's trying to crack a
hazelnut butter this and wait dad do it
again oh my gosh
coffee is that even real well it's
nothing
 me I'm gonna try now about I could
do it
okay I'm going oh okay I saw you there
what so that's it comfortable you grab
the table
you think it's mushy so bad come on guys
no one else can do it I did we can have
this on because it hurts but it doesn't
everyone's trying it out now Kevin and
Trent got it us three can't do it oh so
funny these two were giving each other
like pep talk they were like you can do
it man you can do it don't know he's so
disappointed
so Wow the boys and I were on our walk
and elf apparently dropped off some
presents and she wants us to open them
right now and then resume our evening so
I see my name right here
Oh God okay everyone receive matching
pajamas my mom and I got onesies thank
you oh my god we just got into our
pajamas mom and I wearing the onesies
while the boys have black crewnecks
little checkered pants you like your PJs
you look so cute
so that is going to be it for today's
video I hope you guys enjoyed the 30
minute vlog I honestly didn't think that
I was going to vlog this much today but
hey I'm not complaining today was
awesome I had such a good time with my
family for those of you who celebrate
Christmas Merry Christmas I was gonna
say Christmas Eve but you guys are gonna
be watching this on Christmas so Merry
Christmas I will be vlogging my day
tomorrow and possibly I might film a
what I got for Christmas video on my
main channel
I know those videos are always super
requested so I possibly may do that and
like film it in this I think that'd be
really cute yeah today was awesome I'm
very excited for tomorrow and I will see
you guys for the last day of vlogmas
tomorrow oh my gosh so strange so
strange okay I love you guys bye
