he's pouring outside right now hey guys
welcome to vlogmas day at 23 right now I
am with my brothers were heading to the
dentist this was a much needed
appointment because I actually haven't
been to the dentist in like a year which
is bad because you should be going twice
here but it's just one of those things
that I haven't taken care of in LA yeah
like I need to find a dentist out there
and a doctor but I just always use the
home as an excuse and I'm always like
well I'll just do it when I get you know
growing up that's the thing hi I'm
Marcin this is Kenneth
we're llinois and we're going to the
dentist's office with our little sister
Claudia I love mustard and mayonnaise
that's where I stop french fries and
mail
teriyaki sauce oh I'm gonna have to get
my molars taken out soon Kevin you got
your stick it out
that's what to say you got yours taken
out a few months ago right why do you do
this to me you're just talking about it
well but like now we're vlogging so what
about you marcin did you ever get your
wisdom teeth out no you didn't did you
not have to Oh interesting
I personally am kind of excited for the
surgery I mean I'm probably gonna have
to get it sometime next year but I'm
like ready for it I don't know probably
gonna be soon yeah probably
before I update you guys on what's going
down where I'm going I quickly want to
show you guys the car that I'm sitting
in right now because like two days ago
we had to return at the other rental car
that we were borrowing since my mom's
car that is getting repaired right now
is a Porsche they gave us like a free
Porsche to rent in the meantime and this
car is like insane I just want to like
touch everything like I don't know what
anything is but it's gorgeous
like almost the entire ceiling is window
and shoot this is a really nice car what
is it steering though have you
okay y'all just like graze my seat I
want to set the camera down you know
this is good this is good this is good
okay so today I'm having one of those
days where I just feel like doing
nothing I don't know after the dentist
we pretty much came home I lunch and
I've just been like sitting in bed on
the computer and stuff I don't know why
but every time I come back to Chicago I
can feel like my lazy habits coming in
again and all I want to do is just like
be in bed maybe because in my mind this
is like vacation and it's cold outside
so I just want to be inside and warm I
don't know what it is basically I'm just
not really feeling life today I'm super
tired to be honest I don't even want to
be vlogging today that sounded so harsh
while I'm over here literally vlogging
but I'm starting to realize that I'm
actually kind of excited for vlogmas to
end and that's probably so hard for you
guys to hear because I know how much you
guys love my vlogs and I obviously love
making them and stuff but I feel like
with awesome things like this that take
up so much time and so much consistency
you almost need to take breaks from it
otherwise it just feels like overdrive
and it's too much and then it kind of
loses its value I think my brother is
currently making fun of me because I'm
talking to myself
what no I'm literally already said why
because you don't know how to turn okay
first of all you guys are going downtown
that is so much more dangerous all I'm
doing is going somewhere 20 miles drive
this car you can take you can take mine
tomorrow
hate you so much I was literally just
raving to them how excited I am to turn
on his car and start driving it that
seriously just happen right now I am now
in the other rental car just a regular
Chevy while they're over there the
window down and gave me yeah goodbye
okay anyways as I was saying I'm excited
to not have to worry about documenting
my life every single day that is kind of
what I want to say because I love
vlogging for you guys and showing you
guys so my friends my family all of that
I love because of anything it makes my
life more interesting but I think I'm
just excited to finally be able to relax
and not have to worry about how does my
hair look right now oh it's gonna be one
of those days where I don't wear makeup
and everyone's gonna see me if I lay in
bed all day then my blog is gonna be
boring so kind of things like that I'm
excited to just be able to take a
breather rest a little bit and you know
not do the whole film edit upload film
edit upload repeat repeat to process
that being said though I still am very
sad that vlogmas is over because it's
allied by this year I cannot believe
that it's already been like pretty much
an entire month but right now I am
heading to Best Buy because I need to
pick up a few other things real quick
for Christmas
I am literally so late on presents this
year but it's totally well fine
that was not fart that was the car seat
yeah yeah yeah okay I'm just alright
let's go
guys oh my gosh super super successful
bus five trips so not only did I buy the
presents that I need to get but I also
got two other things that I've been
wanting to buy so badly
the first one is this tripod that you
guys are currently sitting on it's an
action video grip tripod
Logan actually has one of these and he
uses it to kind of wedge on his
dashboard and he'll use it for car blogs
and in general it's like easier to carry
around if you're doing any type of
action shot so I've been wanting to get
this and finally found it and then also
I got this like suction cup mount which
I've also been looking for so this is
what it looks like it basically
suction cups to any window and then
you've got your traditional little
tripod right there and yeah I haven't
tried this one yet because I am
literally exiting the parking lot right
now and heading to the gas station
because this car is on empty but I'm
excited to try that one out because I
could have it at like a cool upper angle
or something exciting stuff I can now
blog and drive at the same time and not
risk my life or anyone else's around me
so this is an exciting day guys I was
planning on going to Target after this
but I'm so tired right now I think I'm
gonna go home and take a nap I don't
even know today's just an OP in my day
guys I've been so tired all day and I
have absolutely no energy inside of me
you gonna like cuz they represent on a
public the fact that I can do this I'm
happy okay
I spoke too soon
I'm gonna go this is so funny so this is
what you guys were on before and right
now I have the suction thing Cup on
suction think I can't speak why are
these okay
these clouds are moving so fast I don't
really know how to work it yet so you
guys are currently upside down and I'm
gonna have to flip this footage of
speech down but that's a word let's turn
this though do you see how fast those
clouds are moving right now it's crazy
