it was really awkward sitting in that
car just being like yeah we both just
experienced that and we're not saying
anything about it
good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day it's funny too
I'm with my dad right now he is always
waiting to work but also dropping me off
to my dermatologist appointment I think
we have like a half hour drive ahead of
us or something so let's turn up those
jams and turn those frowns upside down I
don't know where this energy is coming
from guys I woke up by like 6 a.m.
I just got back from the dermatologist
and great news none of my freckles or
moles or anything looks suspicious at
all there was one that I got removed on
my back though because it's right by my
bra strap and it's really annoying
because I would always scratch it every
time I try to like take my bra on and
off so he was like yeah we could just
quickly like scrape it off so right now
I'm really close to the water tower mall
and all the different stores and stuff
and I'm about to head into Topshop right
now because I haven't been there in so
long so I'm excited so we're gonna have
a little vlogmas story time right now
once I finished my shopping I decided to
call an uber to go home as I normally
would
Uber's are great when I got into the car
we started to like turn a corner and get
onto a different Street so as the driver
is turning left all of a sudden out of
nowhere I hear a man start screaming for
his life and I look up and literally
this guy is being hit by my uber car
thank God nothing happened everyone was
okay and no police were involved or
anything crazy like that he was on like
the corner of the car and he was like
toppling over and then he like fell on
the ground and he started screaming and
shouting he was like are you beeping
serious bah and like my uber drivers
just like um you came out of nowhere
what the heck just happened I mean he
didn't really say anything he was a very
silent man actually he walked out and he
like inch towards the man to like help
him out or like help him stand up and
guy was like no yeah he ended up just
like walking away and kind of walking
away it was definitely a little awkward
afterwards because my driver just like
got back into the car and he was just
like silent the whole time I was saying
back here like oh do I see
something like do it even acknowledge
the fact that you hit a person once we
got closer to my house the driver was
like okay I'm gonna file a report so if
someone calls just let him know what
happened
that you know everyone was okay and
stuff and I was like yeah yeah no
worries um but it was really awkward
sitting in that car just being like yeah
we both just experienced that and we're
not saying anything about it
also while we're sitting here with this
setup and my things behind me I figured
I could do like a little haul for you
guys from Sephora I have to get a new
foundation because I just keep getting
paler and paler and I keep having to go
lighter and lighter but this is the Make
Up For Ever Ultra HD foundation why 120
I like this foundation a lot because the
coverage is really buildable but also it
has very like yellow undertones to it
and that is what I need in a foundation
and then also I saw these near the
checkout line but they're little like
pilaf masks I've owned a bunch of face
masks that you have to rinse off but
I've never had one that like keels off
and I want the satisfaction of doing
that and I've gotten face masks from
this brand before so I know it's gonna
be good but um I'm pretty thrilled about
it I might even try it tonight ladies
and gents from Chelsea I got some jeans
because lately I've been like losing
mine how does someone lose jeans I don't
know so I kind of like already own these
but they're just skinny blue jeans with
rips and then I also got skinny black
ones with rips at the knees as well oh
my gosh I'm literally wearing the colors
that I bought this is I swear guys like
I do I do buy more than just black green
and gray um it has like a deep v-neck
and they're just little shorts and yeah
I thought that'd be really cute to wear
in LA I also got this little a navy blue
crop top I like the structure and shape
to it and it'll be cute with any type of
skirt or high-waisted pant can't really
show what's in there because people
watch these vlogs
um and then I just got some stuff from
pink I got these little pj shorts
because I forgot to bring shorts with me
they're so cute oh my gosh love them and
then this one is really cute it's like
stripey and grey
and then it has like black straps yeah
bras whoo I don't really get too much
but I'm really happy with everything
that I got so that was my little my
little impromptu haul were like what
what is this whole setup here I
literally know it wasn't I came down
here to make some tea and my mom
prepared one of my favorite dishes ever
from her it's basically just like a
little pasta chicken salad and then this
lemon garlic basil vinaigrette right now
my mom is cleaning the fridge how are
you doing oh but they think my butt off
oh yeah you hurt your butt the most
right yeah she heard her tailbone he put
so much pain Oh send her your love guys
patience father
chanson obama skate bingo oh my gosh
guys okay so do you remember like two
weeks ago when I was super busy doing a
bunch of shoots and one of them required
lots of blood and zombie killing and all
that stuff yeah so what that video is
actually up on YouTube now so you guys
can watch it and I really really want
you guys to and I want to hear what your
thoughts are because I had so much fun
being a part of it
so obviously naturally I was like
cringing the whole time just being like
Claudia why did you do that face Claudia
why did you say like that Claudia no now
you know because this is the first time
I've ever watched myself act in anything
so this is just something that I'm gonna
need to you know get used to and and
stuff like that but now I thought it
came out so well all of the actors in it
did such an amazing job the director
Jason that's me clapping with one hand
while I'm vlogging so yeah what you guys
just saw was a little snippet of it but
I think it's over like 10 minutes long
so if you guys want to see the whole
thing I will leave it linked in the
downbar also while I was shooting that
little short movie you guys also know
that I was doing a few things for Teen
Vogue so you can actually check those
out as well I baked celebrity cookies
and I also tried secret items off of
like popular menus so if you want to see
those two videos I will also link them
down below because they came out really
good and funny so lots of opportunities
to continue watching this face once this
vlog is over right now I am getting
ready to go to dinner with my friends
because we're all doing like a little
Christmas dinner where we all go out we
do it every single year I'm like not
even hungry because I have so many like
emotions inside of me of like
nervousness and excitement and
everything I'm like not even thinking
about food and I also had a lot of my
mom's pasta salad so I might not eat
three you've replaced me in this family
Matt you're pretty lucky are you guys
happy about it like you're this is yeah
what are you guys breaking up with me
like one
you you are the cutest thing in the
entire world
yeah we're at our table and guys I don't
know what it is but we get a circle
table every single night so making
rounds hello
we did it last year bro way we mate no
no we sat at a circle table for my
goodbye dinner oh I guess I even Jackie
with it you know like yeah we call guys
please call me Jack you and I black hair
out and just we're thankful right it was
all because of Tommy Hawkins shot at the
Tommy Caulkins for one day coming up to
you being like you know don't look like
one before you look like a Jackie that
was like my nickname for a solid at
least three months I would say dinner
was a success now we are heading to
Neely's house and we're going to meet up
with a few of our other friends my
neighborhood is so festive what is this
oh my god no they don't
I swear it only continues
ready look at this look at this bad my
jam no purpose or what you doing over
there huh your ganja mission specialist
boy yet here in my Loomis and you know
right now so normally no I never popcorn
we need a little salt Joe what we got
the Cody show up at their house the bar
I'm gonna throw it to you all right
here's the therapist there you go
okay back up back up ready okay and so
that's what Oh line repent
oh here we go you're good
