that's normal hey guys welcome to
vlogmas day 21 so right now I'm about to
go to the mall with Kevin Marcin and
Matt's you always make that face
I have to bring it back
what I'm impressed it was ladies let's
skedaddle okay guys so we just arrived
at the mall we made a quick pit stop for
breakfast
that was the breakfast and now we are at
Old Orchard which is a really nice
outdoor mall it actually just finished
raining so I'm grateful for that we're
going to turn this down because this
where you turn if you turn it down
you're just kidding um hello so flash
forward a few hours later I'm with my
cousin Nicole and we just finished
shopping
it was Oh guys I still need to get a few
things it wasn't very successful but
evidence right now we are going to head
to my house and just hang out catch up
when was the last time we hung out it
was a long time ago no was it two years
ago two years ago I feel like what about
last winter break no no we got dinner
two years ago shoo Wow but we're just
gonna hang out and catch up and stuff it
has been so rainy today which I'm really
upset about because if it was just
slightly colder it could have been snow
so what so since my mom got hurt
yesterday and hurt her wrists it's
mostly her right one she currently has
like a cast on it she's been basically
just resting and laying all day but no
one has been able to finish the tree but
it's really sad I mean I'm not doing
anything right now so I'm gonna just
start putting things up right here I'm
probably not gonna put them in the right
spot because she's very particular with
it but I feel like she's going to
appreciate it if I do it all so I am
wearing the same sweats as I have been
in every single video because I didn't
really bring a lot of clothes with me on
this trip so yes I am a PJ outfit
repeater
guys look at how cute this one is it's
all pineapple
also can we look at this characters it
is so underrated and all of them
it honestly might be one of my favorites
like this is so pretty
the truth
I'm sorry I don't know we're starting
off with the first one ladies and
gentlemen notice it's the fourth wait
why are we in series okay but it's the
first movie yeah I feel like today's
vlog was very lame I could be like I
didn't get a lot of footage I'm sorry
but we just finished the first Star Wars
movie and for how old it is
and how technology was back then I was
actually pretty impressed I mean I think
we watched an updated version where they
started to add in more like graphics in
the early 2000s I think that's what Matt
was saying so some of the scenes did
have some added like effects and
graphics on it that I guess the original
footage didn't have or something like
that I don't know I feel like some of
you guys don't know that more than me
but overall it was pretty good like I
was definitely intrigued in the plot and
I wanted to know what would happen and
obviously there was a happy ending
obviously something happens again I
don't know what they're starting to
watch the second movie right now but I'm
gonna get ready for bed because tomorrow
I have to wake up very very early
probably around six a.m. ish basically
I'm going to go see a dermatologist
because I've actually never done that
before and I have so many like oh wait
maybe this one I have so many like
freckles beauty marks moles whatever you
want to call them just like on my arms
and legs and stuff and I've never gotten
them checked to make sure that none of
them will lead to cancer and stuff like
that so I'm glad that I'm taking care of
it
so I have a very early appointment in
downtown Chicago to go to tomorrow so
yeah I'm gonna go ahead to bed but I
hope you guys enjoyed this vlog and I
will see you guys tomorrow
I promise that tomorrow's vlog is gonna
be extra long because lately might have
been pretty short but I have a good
feeling a good hunch that tomorrow is
gonna be like a solid popcorn eating
snack eating vlog
okay all right I'm gonna go to bed
