as we intro Marcin into vlogmas 2015 can
we just look at the banana
he's eating right now that banana
true-true
juice man yes guys hello welcome to
vlogmas day 20 right this is Matt my
friend he joined us last night as well
as Marcin and then who else from
Australia don't you have another friend
coming like what is Trent coming on
Monday on Monday okay but right now we
are heading through this guitar store
because they want to check out some drum
machines drum machine are we just
talking about there's something else no
bananas over the video okay was it good
yeah so here's the drum machine that
Marcin is looking at can you use it
trying to figure it out yeah
maybe there's you need like headphones
to hook up with it or something yeah cuz
nothing's working
it sounds so cool
just like turning every knob I think
will this do something this is what the
story looks like it's like a party in
here
whoa now we're cooking Matt are you
playing Morrison's song right now shut
up right here
what else we got here
hello oh my gosh you got a haircut okay
there I like your skirts
did you guys get a new couch oh my gosh
there's so much craziness going on oh
it's from Ikea wait this is literally
what we have at home but the gray
version amazing guys you look pretty
today everyone yeah so we just got home
and we're going to eat some lunch and
we're thinking about pots but going
downtown for like a little nighttime
adventure to see the lights and stuff we
shall see I don't know what do you think
I mean no like what do you think you
can't even see it yet I feel like it
doesn't really match the furniture on
this room because obviously we have more
of like a antique vibe but I'm not going
to judge yes because my mom is pretty
good at interior design my rice aka my
lunch looks like straight up a rabbit
food or something easy off oven cleaner
you want to spray some in there real
quick just a little love flavor you know
just just try to you know things because
the holidays are coming up I don't
really have an explanation for this
but yesterday my mom came into my room
and she was like hey Claudia I got you a
shoulder heater thing I guess she got my
dad one of these for like his shoulder
and back and he really likes it and
apparently this thing was on sale or
something and she was like yeah let me
just buy one for Claudia so super random
gift but I'm totally into it it has like
this little remote right here so you can
choose the setting for the temperature
and I currently have it on the highest
from this angle it looks like I'm
wearing like a vest or something
but it's so warm and it's so cold here
so I really appreciate it I've just been
like throwing it on every time I'm on my
bed and stuff I don't think we're going
downtown tonight we're gonna do that
tomorrow but I think today we're gonna
go out to dinner somewhere and then
we're gonna try to find an ice rink
somewhere in the area to go ice skating
but tomorrow I'm going to the mall with
one of my cousins and then meet up with
Marcin and Matt's who are already gonna
be downtown this is
around this time of year is so so pretty
at nighttime because of all the
Christmas lights and trees and
everything and stuff like that and I'm
filming like a cool video for my main
channel so I really want to get footage
of that we're about to head to dinner
and they're currently eating Kiwis right
now where are we going to eat what sir
Hong Kong apparently none of us know
where we eating mum and I are wearing
little baseball cap they're matching
sometimes I wanted to get a black
it's so festive here guys
that was so cute
I wonder who ate all the nachos count it
snail it's like a snail no you keep
doing that this is the shell this is the
shell and then the food just arrived
and everybody is look so
I got a little hummus wrap with Brussels
sprouts on the side we just finish up
with dinner and we are about to
ice-skate are you excited are you
excited oh yeah mama llama let's see
what you got
come to me is it hard yeah a little bit
oh my gosh guys I haven't skated in
probably over a year
or me Marcin and because my mom felt
kind of hurtful the purpose so my
parents and Kevin went home but we're
still okay so it's about 2:00 a.m. right
now and I'm talking really quietly
because everyone is asleep but I just
finished editing this video I hope you
guys enjoyed it and I'll see you guys
whoa strobe lights
