oh hey guys welcome to vlogmas day 19 it
is so cold right now we currently have a
rental car because classic our car
literally is always in repair there's
always something wrong with it so yeah I
don't know the heaters in this car are
just not really properly working right
now no pickles right now we're gonna
take care of a few things I want to stop
by Target and get some Christmas bags
and wrapping paper and tissue paper and
things like that and then also in
general I need to get some other stuff
like face wash and you know also
exciting news I really really wanted to
bring my guitar out here because I have
so much free time it would be the
perfect time to learn a bunch of songs
and stuff but I didn't want to have to
bring it on the airplane with me because
sometimes airlines don't let you bring
it on board with you and you have to
check it and they're not gentle with
that stuff plus it's just like a lot to
travel with a guitar but Michelle
actually has one so I want to try to
pick it up from her house today that
would be so awesome if I would be able
to borrow her guitar for like the week I
also want to head to Whole Foods to grab
some lunch yeah I don't know we'll see
where the day takes us but for now we're
going to target
okay guys this target is so fancy oh my
gosh I want all of it you guys know that
I hate the targets out in LA I feel like
they never have any of the items and
they're always just like messy and
clustered and everything while this one
is just freaking gorgeous there's like
houses in here like what it's so cute in
here I would be comfortable licking
these floors because they're so clean so
here's the dealio every year I like to
have like a theme with my wrapping paper
I don't know why it's just that's how I
like it so this year I'm going to do
like this brown paper bag look with gold
and bread and I'm loving it so we've got
this one this one these like smaller
ones golden red tissue paper I'm also
getting a few other random things like a
notebook and pens because I forgot to
bring them with me and I always like to
write when I'm home whether it's like
video ideas or really anything snail
filers my favorite face wash in the
entire world so good
and then also some lip balm and nail
polish
my mom is disgusting lying he looks
beautiful we have these like threes on
display and I was just like looking at
him and I like peeked and closer and I
was like wait wait that doesn't look
right
wait that's as an either wait wait that
one totally doesn't look right every
single piece of corn in here is gross no
no no no that's crab now Frankie come
maybe is mom like no no no you gotta get
rid of this okay help me with this
yeah okay follow my finger follow my
finger
follow my finger oh my fingers look guys
I'm in love three inches on your left
dancing oh not nothing snap nothing
yeah yeah oh yeah oh no so I think uh I
think uh that seemed off perfecto
teamwork very exciting news so I was
able to pick up Michele's guitar today
so I've been playing with it too for a
little bit and I learned another new
song surprise surprise also for an
actual surprise it's not a Taylor Swift
song so we're we're popping that bubble
so mom explain to the viewers what this
tool is I wish I even find this dog okay
sis I don't know it's um it's to want to
refute them follow hey dad have you also
come to hang out in the Motorhome look
at this we should get Kevin up my fault
Hubert okay my mom is basically walking
around singing with the tree funnel oh
hey cream go to the camera
Hey oh my gosh that's so funny
shouldn't it be the other way though
sink do you got it you got it don't stab
me in my eye though like let's get
closer and and oh it's what
Oh is a woman named Yama in a
and maybe I hate I hate repeats but in
careful is uh something something let's
have an adventure
groans and are an old words sink Oh cuz
it's 200 I don't know the words I'm
messing up are you hiding here
well I'm hiding from you what are we
doing and all I am is a woman touch my
neck and I'll touch yours I'm in those
little how we said choice oh he knows
what I think about what I think about
one love two mouths one love one house
no shirt no blouse just us you find out
and then we wouldn't talk about no cuz
it's to come
oh you oh my gosh I'm gonna play for you
guys when I actually feel like I'm
decent at it because right now I'm just
getting too ahead of myself and too
eager to show you guys but that's what
happens cuz I'm really excited but we're
working on it wanted to quickly state
this in case some of you guys have not
seen the vlog where I first ever sang to
guys but side note I am NOT trying to
become a singer I don't think I have
some incredible amazing voice either
like I'm totally mediocre at it but you
guys need to really enjoy watching me
learn the guitar and sing and stuff and
I enjoy doing it thus I am adding into
vlogmas not trying to be like hey listen
to me sing I think I'm awesome let's get
back to the vlog that's up where did you
even get this hat
that's your hot was it your costume from
this year yours back well yeah it was
the pimp costume oh my gosh sorry guys I
just had to whip it out real quick cuz
he just walked into my room like this
it's beautiful
see good I was loving you know how to
play it's a work in progress guys we're
getting there I forgot to film an outro
yesterday but if you can hear that music
Marcin came home at like 3 a.m. so I'm
really excited to start vlogging today
because the whole family is here so I
hope you guys enjoyed today's vlog and
now I'm gonna continue vlogging but you
guys will see tomorrow
