I like to keep my content PG hey guys so
welcome to vlogmas day 18
I am currently reunited with we are
currently parking because we are at the
mall we're gonna get our crochet grocery
shopping no Christmas shopping time
Bianca's just been a mess of a driver
this morning all the time guys you don't
know how much I missed this mall we're
at Woodfields right now and it's like
the biggest mall in the entire world it
has every single store check out Santa's
crib
this sore window is like Christmas on
crack look it's so much it's like that
compared to just like all-white Zara so
we just finished shopping and I think we
can all agree that we're so tired oh my
gosh my arms okay shopping in a mall
like that at this time of day and year
and everything is just so overwhelming
and you're like sweating but you also
have layers on because it's cold outside
but right now we are heading back home
to eat and then we're gonna regroup
later but right now I'm currently
blessing Michelle and Bianca's ears with
some kailani because they have different
before you guys are out in LA we
literally like bow down to her we love
her music so so Christmas shopping was
quite a success but I definitely have to
go again soon because there are a few
other things that I need to purchase but
I bought my mom a little present and I'm
gonna give it to her right now because
it would make more sense if I gave it to
her before Christmas so yeah you guys
are actually propped on top of right now
but let's go give it to her she's
currently cleaning the boys bathroom
also if you're wondering about her
eyebrows she got her eyebrows died today
and once they fully dry you wash it off
and it'll look more natural so don't
mind the crazy dark eyebrows figured I'd
bring that up oh yeah you're just gonna
keep them Sharpie black yeah I wish I
was born no it's too much here she is
looking at herself through another
mirror it's like I broke it No happy
funny
do you like it I saw this ornament I was
like oh my gosh should we need it she
was like a little party hat on yeah she
she's a little chubby one she too much
cake good right now I am burning a
candle and this one is marshmallow
fireside if you guys have been
subscribed to me for a while then you
would remember I was obsessed with this
I think my last Christmas in Chicago I
bought a ton of these and I kept sliding
them but it smells so good it's like
fiery but also really sweet also can we
talk about the fact that literally my
mom put a picture of myself on my own
wall like who does that I don't know but
this frame is really pretty I'm digging
the mirror frame but I just thought it
was so funny like why my face I don't
know also speaking of cute things so if
you guys recognize this tree it's very
similar to the one that I have in my
room in LA and when I was looking at it
it was like oh my gosh like it's so tall
but in actuality when you go back here
it's literally chillin on a pink can and
disc and I thought that was really cute
and funny that she did that also she
rolled in this little clothing rack for
me to put all my clothes on while I'm
here so cute mom award for the year
shoot did you put them put the thing
back yeah scissors
okay well we can document your progress
I just coughed while mid laughing and it
was the most unattractive thing ever but
yeah my brother recently taught himself
how to play the piano and he's getting
so good
I literally just placed the camera in
his room but right now I'm heading over
to my friend Kate's house and we're all
gonna meet up and hang out I don't know
if we're gonna go anywhere afterwards I
guess we shall see but yeah I'm very
very excited guys I don't know if you
can see that but it's snowing outside
I'm so happy
okay let's go here are the Christmas
lights in front of our house and then
our neighbors are pretty festive as well
in LA I barely ever see Christmas lights
anywhere especially in our neighborhood
we have literally zero houses with
lights on them we are now at Kate's
house with Neely and Bianca and Kate and
we basically just been did you just
growl okay guys so meet
Kate's brother's dog how old is he 5
Pointz oh my gosh she's so soft his name
is Briggs right yeah right Briggs oh my
gosh he's so soft yeah he's been here
for I think like an hour now because
Kate's brother just got home and I think
he's already pooped and peed like
multiple times but um we've basically
just been catching up and having the
classic girl talking and it's fun I
don't know okay so chewy oh wait Pat
meet the vlog vlog me meet that man guys
what is your favorite condiment
honey mustard oh my god you Andrew would
be best friends
drew is one of my roommates and he is a
honey mustard man so okay what about you
as well do you want to like join the
team and say honey mustard I would but
I'm a ketchup person you're a catcher
person okay totally
okay then syrup because I put your maple
syrup maple syrup no honey mustard
I personally you guys know this but I
like Caesar and pesto well I'm a Caesar
and pesto girl though I love pasta right
put that pasta on pizza yo pesto with
like mozzarella and basil like you know
like one of those sandwiches tomato here
we are just talking about sauces what do
you think I can ask you I can't put any
of this in keep my content PG k goes to
Dartmouth and she's wearing the cutest
shirt right now where's your where's
your apparel there we go Vineyard Vines
what about you where's your apparel huh
are you too lazy Lane boom so I only
wear green clothes BAM there you go only
wear green clothes gotcha
so I only wear red for the YouTube play
button besides today so it's about
midnight and I am back in my room yeah
I've only been home for two days but
guys all of the homey fields are coming
back I am so so happy to be here I'm so
excited to see everyone in general
because Lucy doesn't come home until
tomorrow I think Adriana doesn't come
home until Christmas and then in general
I'm so excited to see all my guy friends
out here so possibly we'll all be doing
something tomorrow
I'm not sure I don't know also I
randomly thought of this today and I
wanted to ask you guys because if you
want to see it I'll totally do it back
when I used to live here you guys to
always ask for a proper house tour and I
never really posted one just for kind of
like privacy issues and things like that
but now when I really think about it
like just by showing the inside of my
house it doesn't really matter plus you
know don't really live here anymore but
yeah if you guys want to see a house
tour thumbs up this video and let me
know in the comments yeah I will totally
do one for you guys I'll probably have
to wait a little bit because my mom is
in the process of cleaning the entire
house for the holidays so there are
definitely a lot of rooms that still
need to be cleaned but we definitely
have an interesting house and I feel
like there's a lot of different places
and rooms and things that I haven't
showed you guys so I feel like that'd be
kind of interesting to see I don't know
let me know I would totally just like
show it right now but it's dark outside
and my mom would be like oh my god why
would you show that messy basement
I should probably will not let me show
you guys that because our basement is a
hot mess but I'm gonna finish editing
today's vlog and go to bed because I'm
really tired and yeah I hope you guys
enjoyed it today's vlog and yeah I will
see you guys tomorrow love you bye bye
haha feelings/emotions cheesy
