you're freaking out
just shopping at my hometown trading
jokes
hello everybody and welcome to vlogmas
day 17 so it's about 12:30 right now and
I just landed in Chicago I think I've
only been here for like half an hour but
we are at Trader Joe's right now because
we need to get some groceries and right
now my mom is choosing between two
flowers that look exactly the same
are you getting both of them are you
telling me what you want model yellowish
mom they're the same um I think this one
this one this one the same person so I'm
currently just hanging out in my room
this is what it looks like it looks a
little different but relatively the same
I am completely unpacked and everything
is put in its place
it's really weird coming home and
sleeping in this room because I spent so
many years growing up in this room but
sitting in it now it doesn't really feel
like mine anymore because it's a little
more empty and it kind of feels more
like a hotel room that I'm just very
very familiar with I don't know it's
it's a really weird thing to experience
and describe I don't know but it makes
me happy I'm so comfortable in this bed
but right now I am going to edit
yesterday's vlogmas and get that up
because it's already pretty late in the
day I mean it's like 2 o'clock here but
usually I try to get those up in the
morning after that I'm gonna pass out
because I had troubles trying to fall
asleep on the plane but yeah I just have
no energy right now so I'm sorry I'm
being so uninteresting but yeah I'm
gonna get to I think guys my brother
keeps harassing me huh no I don't know
where this energy came from but you're
freaking out
haha okay all right what did they ever
do to you I'm just trying to upload a
video over here I didn't rip 15 minutes
Kevin is he serious right now let's keep
in mind it's 4:00 p.m. right now come
here oh so lazy
Francis ha ha ha
I have finally left my bed it's crazy
though because it feels like it's so
much later than it actually is it's only
at 5:30 right now but I'm starving and
it's used to feel like it's at least
eight o'clock or something I don't know
really weird I'm gonna make some dinner
right now what are you making
I might have to like just steal a little
bit for dinner I am making some organic
jasmine rice mixed in with some chopped
vegetables and then on top I am putting
on some island soy yaki sauce
I feel like Lexie was obsessed with this
stuff last year I could be wrong though
we got a new dishwasher oh my god it's
so when did you guys get this a few
months ago a few months ago uh-huh when
it stopped likely yeah the doors open it
opens by itself yeah okay of course
why Oh like the lights turn on it plays
music huh so basically it's like a
nightclub in here you guys probably
don't care at all but our dishwasher was
so old and so messed up oh my god calls
myself but wait the same calm Wow and
here we have my dinner it smells so good
here my mom goes just adding to the
collection I don't know if I've ever
shown this to you guys before but
container number one basket number two
cheese mom
crazy calls but there's so many like
screw denied oh I didn't I did not
collect yeah she's like guys trust me
there is a lot more where that came from
when will you guys ever open this
champagne bottle or no when you become a
grandma I remember that
I would drink oh wow it's so cold
outside dreaming right now my mom is
starting to work on the lights for the
Christmas tree all right I always gonna
teach me how to dance
okay you teach me not just do it that's
why go forward or no I like that
Timur
Oh
come here
it shows your best dance moves this is
the moment such cuties so we're slowly
but surely working on the tree it's it's
a progress we are currently taking the
ornaments out of their boxes and laying
them out because you guys have watched
my old old vlogs you know that we have a
very large ornament collection just to
give you guys a little taste of what we
have some of these are so crazy and it's
so fun to look back on them because I
remember all of these and which ones
were my favorite so here is the infamous
pickle ornament that my mom hides every
year and the first person to find it
gets to open up their present first I
don't know why but I loved this one
growing up it always reminded me of like
coffee drips or something I like this
donut it's cute I feel like I may have
bought in that one I don't know why um
oh this is cool a little porcupine I'm
just showing them some of the ornaments
oh this one's funny catfish
literally catfish oh my gosh wellthen oh
this one is so old 2001 right
I was arc this is like our biggest one
oh that's an old one too this one from
regatta under Newhouse when women
oh yeah the postcard that one's cool
this was made in Poland right it's like
the random little things I remember
you
you
oh that focusin looked so pretty so we
didn't even get around to adding any of
the ornaments on tonight because my mom
had to run out and get more Christmas
lights because half them didn't work but
also I quickly wanted to address this
before some of you guys comment and
you're like Claudia this tree is very
weirdly shaped
and we are very aware of this basically
my family likes to get a real Christmas
tree every year and we always try to
find like the most perfect one
that's perfectly shaped and whatnot but
this year my mom wanted to kind of you
know be a little hipster and get
something funky looking so they saw this
one at Home Depot and they were like yes
that is the one that we want so it's
actually really funny looking like the
top is all crazy and then it's like
really thick down here and then I'm
pretty sure the back is like yeah it's
like super flat on the back right here I
think it's because it was laying down it
was honestly probably one of those
rejects trees that no one ever wants to
get and then my mom was like mmhmm yep
I'll take that one so that is going to
be it for today's vlog because I'm super
tired I'm going to go ahead to bed but
I'm really excited for tomorrow because
I'm going Christmas shopping with my two
friends Bianca and Michelle and I have
not seen those girls since the
summertime as far as any of my friends
out here I haven't seen since the summer
so I'm super excited and the mall that
we're going to is pop in they have every
single store and I'm very excited to get
my Christmas shopping on because I need
to get on that way I hope you guys enjoy
today's vlog and I hope you're excited
for all the vlogs that I am going to be
doing back in my hometown and I will see
you guys tomorrow bye
