sharing a sweet moment on I'm taking
around a while on one today what is up
you guys welcome back to vlogmas it's
like 2 p.m. now this morning I had to go
to the dentist to get my teeth cleaned a
new retainer molded we got work done
right now I just got ready I'm about to
meet up with Maddie downtown she is also
in vs. if you guys watch that show she
plays Lauren anyways she's also from
Chicago so like we have to meet up yeah
I'm probably just gonna be downtown for
quite some time that is the plan let me
show you guys my outfit because it's so
wintery first of all I'm wearing this
like Under Armour black long-sleeve
shirt that has the little thumb holes
which I love but that's purely just for
layering and for warmth this little hat
is new
it's from Urban Outfitters I'm wearing
either my mom's or my brother's like
little crewneck sweater
that's just great this fake fur like
animal printed coat is from Topshop from
like many years ago and then I'm just
wearing some black skinny jeans my
Stuart Weitzman over-the-knee boots and
that is the look washing the windows
prepping the house you know cute this
looks pretty face hello hello pretty
face what have you got there
nothing nothing it is just yeah footage
the bold bold white line here we go here
we go
Maya has never had mulled wine before
right oh my gosh it's like cinnamon
Eames or mid spices we this manicotti
already intro to you pretty bit all day
all that we're here together
look at how Christmassy we obviously
we're just gonna eat all the food we're
gonna drink all the wine we're just
gonna have all the chitter chatter
Chicago girls we got a little hole
that's your cup do you want to grab it
we got chocolate covered this is so good
yeah I'm excited
okay guys so we're sharing but
sharing a sweet moment on the corner
with my family and I know when he
transferred high schools and my cousin
goes to the same high school as him and
like we're just like all these
connections are being formed and they're
taking pictures with audience at this
point I was like the party crasher /
Dave just now and she's like yeah this
is my day Maddie doing some classy
glasses and I'm wearing this beautiful
like
is this an art gallery I think so the
one on one swing really well she met my
family
yes going really great my dad loves her
the roses accepted all right I feel like
now we can talk about this versus it's
been announced
yeah character is actually fluid and
confused okay so Maddie's dad is
literally walking around introducing me
as Maddie's lesbian lover oh here we go
here we go Rachel Tim so Tony's walking
around enjoyed everything that I am
and honestly it's made for great
conversation yeah it all goes to you
yeah that comes down I'm here chill
someone's spiking their wine someone's
making the wine okay our restaurant two
hours later
clearly I am home now I just got back
from dinner with Maddie and her family
and I didn't vlog at dinner because we
went to a restaurant that technically
like wasn't open yet it was just open to
like friends and family of the owners so
I didn't want to like pull out the
camera and start vlogging also was like
a very very like fancy classy place so
not only did I feel like super casual
and kind of out of place it's fine
though but I didn't also want to be like
the one that's pulling on cameras but I
just got home I'm heading over to
Stefan's it's like 10:00 p.m. and yeah
we're gonna hang out with him because I
we actually had plans to like go see
movies or eat dinner or something but it
just like didn't work out because I
don't think he ended up going downtown
today but anyways I'm going to his place
now
dad-dad what's playing on the speakers
right now welcome to a Polish household
merry Christmas Eve is this a Christmas
miracle or what because there was no
snow when I got here and this morning we
woke up with powdery fresh snow I have
to go out I don't even have a jacket on
but it's fine because I'm living my life
it's really cool that's the new trend
like perfect we're off to the cousins
house for a Christmas Eve dinner and I
am wearing my animal print coat but my
actual outfit are like little pant suits
I actually stole a bunch of my mom's
clothes I got these nice little silk
type pants my mom's little Pradas we've
got my blazer a little black shirt
keeping it simple what are you wearing
today mom cute looking good red lip I
see you I see what you're doing here's
keV he's got a spunky shirt on today
we're running late so everyone is so
happy look at that look at that so yep
there you go I'm obsessed with Cascades
Christmas album and I've been showing
every single family member and I'm now
having kevin loses Christmas cascade
virginity pump that pump it up pump
it up
how does it feel to be the guest of
Christmas and not having to worry like
smells so good what's this Marshwood
get on you of course oh you could have
like an Instagram photo shoot in this
bathroom or oh my god the floors are
heated I'm moving in I'm literally gonna
sleep here we just changed the getup
that's nice little sweaty sweats are
gonna go out to some movies yeah how do
we turn we just finished dinner and
there and now us kids are decorating
some gingerbread houses like we did last
year this year my mom got a little
crafty and got some houses some
gingerbread houses from Starbucks so
we're making little stars what is
happening why why why do we own these
we're going in guys we're building the
foundation little update our Starbucks
is looking at haha should I say perfect
do I say perfect very aesthetically
pleasing we just got to sign up I'm
gonna add a little in a second I'm sorry
let's see what's happening over here
let's go ceiling we're just gonna oh
there is room oh wow they got it up okay
great wow wow wow we just did that yes
we did folks that is a miniature Kirk
that is a miniature replica of a
Starbucks cafe we got some icicles some
snow we made some snow it's the icing
and sugar all right let's see what the
boys did
oh wow this is a lot better than I
thought it would be
oh my god Astra that is so funny
wow you guys truck base truck
