guys my bed good morning guys welcome to
vlogmas day 16 so as i mentioned
yesterday today is my last full day in
LA poorly for Chicago so a few things
are going on today
for starters I think I'm getting my bed
today which is so crazy to say and
believe but guys it might be happening
um basically oh by the way that's my
headboard right there so after I
uploaded my vlog titled West Elm Horror
Story and I tweeted out some pretty
aggressive things - West Elm Twitter um
a lot of you guys sparked a lot of
attention and I think they recognized
all of that attention because some of
the tweets that you guys are sending
honestly were so funny like one of them
I remember was I wish you would drag me
across the floor like you did was so and
I thought it was so funny but anyways so
they ended up watching my video and
seeing the tweets and stuff and now it
kind of makes me feel bad but like at
the same time you know what it was such
a messy situation like it was ridiculous
right but anyways they emailed me and
called me and they were apologizing and
stuff and the lady who I was on the
phone with today was like yeah I think
we'll be able to drop it off today and I
was like that's incredible
thank you so much so if you're watching
this West Elm thank you for taking care
of it so quickly and I hope that next
time this won't happen or this won't
have to happen to anyone else I hope
they like learn so I like I don't know
what happened with her it was the
warehouses fault or whatever but like
you know get your shoes together but
that being said I am so excited for the
bed because it is absolutely beautiful
well still have yet to see it in real
life but I just have a feeling it's
going to be absolutely beautiful so I'm
very excited right now I am heading to
Starbucks real quick because I have to
film a holiday Q&A today
and edit it upload it just have it ready
to go so that when I leave tomorrow it's
all taken care of but I had to wake up
pretty early today to get everything
done so I'm very very tired and I do not
feel my chipper usual self so I'm
literally heading to Starbucks just to
get a coffee to come back home and film
my video while drinking my coffee that's
like so sad that I have to rely on
coffee to like put me in the spirit of
filming a main Channel video but when
you're running low on sleep that's you
know sometimes I just gotta do that see
you guys I can't talk right now
I can't form words together and we're
gonna say you guys down now cuz you're
about to fall any second
look who's amaro oh my god so Alex just
dropped off her calendar guys I'm not
gonna show you obviously any of it but
like that's all I'm gonna show you hey
are you gonna use it which one is Meg um
obviously I'm going to use this guy's
May is so funny may we join your garden
Oh incredible guys check it out I won't
see you for a long time what three days
last day yeah seriously yeah you're
probably gonna be in this fog a little
more it's probably your last moment
though when do you get back I get back
January 3rd so to update you guys I just
filmed right there BAM Chicka Chicka
 evidence guys I'm going crazy I had
coffee of my system so things are a
little weird right now but I have to I
have to get editing guys my bed
guys I think Lexi just but facetimed me
did she I can't tell you guys what's
going on what are you doing okay
hi do you guys hear that that's my phone
you guys are not gonna believe me when I
say this as you can see the majority of
the bed is built and let me just start
off by saying I'm so so happy with it it
turned out to look exactly what I
thought it would so this is what it
looks like it's likes waiting and it's
tall and simple it's the perfect color
so I'm super happy about it but as the
builders were putting the bed together
whoever packed up the truck forgot to
add in the like center support legs or
the mattress so these are just chilling
here and now I have to wait for someone
else to come here and add in the support
beams or legs or whatever and finish the
bed at this point I'm literally not mad
because if they finish it today then I
don't care and it's not really affecting
me in any way but I just thought it was
funny that like we all almost thought
that this awful journey would be over
but like it's still not over like the
bed is still not made it looks gorgeous
though I'm so excited to put it together
my eyes are hurt so much so it is almost
5:00 p.m. and I just spent so much time
on the computer because I finished
editing the main channel video that I
filmed today as well as uploading it so
it's ready to go live on Friday and I
also just finished editing yesterday's
vlog mess also my bed is completely done
let me give you guys like the full full
look so this is what it looks like guys
I am so extremely happy with it it is
exactly what I pictured it to look like
in real life and the size is awesome so
right now like my mattress is way too
small for it there's like this much
space here space here and then the same
on the other side
so I'll get a new mattress once I come
home from break but yeah I think it
looks so good the lighting is kind of
off right now because the Sun is setting
and natural lighting just looks super
orange especially coming from those
three things but yeah I am so so happy
with it I think it looks awesome
it was worth the wait guys is totally
worth it so right now I'm gonna go make
a smoothie and then I'm gonna try to
work on my holiday room decor video
because I was trying to edit it the
other day and for some reason every
single time I get to this one point the
screen turns green and Final Cut Pro
just completely shuts off and doesn't
work so I don't know I did not touch the
video yesterday but I'm gonna try to
mess with it and see if I can do
something with it because if I can't
finish this video and get it up tonight
then I literally will never be able to
upload that video because I'm not going
to post a holiday video once I come back
home and on January 3rd so I've just
been editing in my room and Lexi just
came upstairs and she goes quad Finley
got us a package come open it and so
here we are we're about to open the
package ahh all the tape is so cute okay
very nice Finley bought us a volleyball
been talking about that a lot we have
and be likely to be wrapped it in like a
little whatever this is and wrote for
the whole family no inside
did you see thickness dick
bitches holy crap and that's all we're
gonna hear from that note it's cute it's
so cute I love the car this mining where
this is reminding me of my room back at
home alright read this note good bye
guys
I'm trying so freaking hard to be
patient with this computer because I'm
trying to edit this decor video and my
computer is just being ridiculous like I
mentioned before there's no other files
on this computer the storage there's
really this much storage used compared
to how much is left on here and let me
know if this ever happens to you guys
but this happens on this computer way
too often for it to be a coincidence but
if I'm ever working on like a really big
project or a big video where there's a
lot of edits and stuff I'll start
editing my video and then something
randomly messes up where the computer or
the software will automatically just
delete a bunch of my text titles that
I've already placed on the video but
it'll keep the transitions it actually
happens with more than just the titles
because as you can see here I have
multiple snowflakes that I individually
put on I had to mess with the settings
to get this font you know the color and
gradient and everything we have the box
behind it so there's a lot of components
on this that you don't even realize and
they're all down here but they'll all
automatically delete but the transitions
will stay so the reason I'm bringing
this up is because it just happened with
this video and so many different things
were deleted and so I'm trying to go
back and add them all but it's being so
slow and so laggy I just keep
complaining right now I don't know why
this video hates me so much
let me show you guys my packing process
because I'm pretty much fully packed so
over here we've got a few things that I
need to bring home for Marcin cuz he
left them at my house but yeah I'm
pretty much packed I just got like coats
here's like all my shirts and then on
this end there's like my jeans and
sweatpants things like that
in this bag we've got makeup toiletries
and here I've got my makeup brushes and
sponges now all I have to do is
hack of my backpack that I'm bringing on
a plane with me and I think that's it
which is really great but I'm gonna go
take a shower right now because I feel
all gross and sweaty because it's super
hot in the house right now I don't know
why the heat is on and I just need to
clear my head and calm down for a second
because this video is making me so mad I
am so ready to just delete it I hate
that computer it literally does that to
me every single time all right
I mean you stop honey stop and go shower
I don't know how this happened
but it is 1:00 a.m. and I finished all
my work I somehow finish the room decor
video and made my thumbnail uploaded it
it is scheduled to go live tomorrow so
you guys are gonna be getting to main
channel videos two days in a row because
this one is going up tomorrow and then
the QA is going up on Friday if any of
you guys are wondering why I'm doing
that and not you know waiting to kind of
spread out the videos I will be honest
my video that's going up on Friday is
sponsored and since I haven't uploaded
in a while I didn't want to come back
with a sponsored video so the fact that
I was able to get this room to core
video up and upload it at least one day
before the other one then I'm good I'm
solid so yeah I'm happy and my stress is
all relieved so it's what I am
I just got into my airport outfit and
I'm gonna take a nap until 3 a.m.
because that is when I have to get up to
leave for my flight so I'm going to end
vlogmas here i hope you guys enjoyed
today's vlog I feel like it wasn't very
action-packed because I've pretty much
just been working all day but yeah get
excited for the Chicago vlogs I am so so
excited to be going home for a little
it's gonna be so refreshing just being
back at home I'm excited ok bye guys
