hello guys so it is about 5:30
hamish I'm currently getting ready to go
shoot the video with kisi got my giant
smoothie the colors looking super
appetizing today so I'm actually the
first person to arrive here because I'm
like 10 minutes early but look at how
pretty this is
it's about 6:20 a.m. oh my god I cannot
get over the sky and the water right now
okay this is so pretty and that is the
boat that we're going on so I'm about to
walk down there right now it quickly
just became very very cold so I am
wearing my yellow jacket scarf gloves
keys you got movies like funny
waterproof pants because they were the
only weapons that you could purchase in
this building and I'm still wearing okay
so my outfit is absolutely
right now look at that the water looks
so calm and pretty I'm excited
hey dude so we have officially set sail
for on a boat finest of a chef
okay Eddie catch them all I did was
transferred the - very ungracefully into
a pool on the boat like the fish guts
like in the net you guys have seen but
yeah we we're officially on the move you
guys see that
we also are getting breakfast I'm
getting
Oh
oh yeah we got a breakfast burrito up in
here
we out here fishing guys audience
killing it we are catching so many fish
like a total of how many like at least
six yeah sixty-eight seriously
we caught like five different species of
fish too which is great guys this is
like an action-packed day we also saw
dolphins the fish that I just released
his name was Charles and a bird swooped
down and grabbed him just taking my
sloppy seconds it was just funny because
you're like let's let Charles go I'd go
bad for him she lets him go and then two
seconds later here comes a bird looks
nice this is what we're all here for I
think we're all on the same page with
that
yeah I'm just gonna grab one of these
Casey how does it feel knowing that
you're losing the the conference yeah oh
really thought he just got something
special yeah yeah we did a second
wardrobe change
probably the worst show of it but where
we're now gonna catch some more fish and
apparently these are going to be bigger
ones quantity oh yeah okay interesting
you catch you catch a lot of little ones
I just catch fewer big ones hey they're
important too okay
guys look at this fish Casey just caught
Wow so here's my outfit for dinner this
evening to catch you guys up I just got
home thirty minutes ago and I quickly
finished up yesterday's vlog uploaded it
now I'm heading to dinner
with the cast from tags which I'm so
excited because I haven't seen most of
them you guys are now very familiar with
Lucas he'll be there and I'm excited to
see Lulu and Leah and JC and Nick and
then just everyone just everyone yeah I
definitely need to head right now
because traffic is not gonna be good
right now
she's so good guys she's literally so I
just got home it's about 11:30 ish and
I'm so so tired because I had to wake up
at like 4:50 a.m. today so I'm so
excited to go to sleep but yeah tonight
was really fun we went out to dinner we
got to see everyone and Hannah the
director actually showed us a trailer of
tagged which is the show that we filmed
together and it looks so intense I'm so
so excited for you guys to see it yeah
after dinner a few of us just hung out
and I didn't really vlog at all today
cuz you know sometimes there's moments
where it's just like not really the time
and place to be whipping out a camera
and stuff I don't know but it was so
much fun and it's always great catching
up with those guys because they just
feel like my summer camp buddies and
every time we see each other it's like
straight back to how it felt in
Albuquerque which is where we filmed the
show so yeah on that note I will see you
guys for tomorrow's vlog oh my gosh
tomorrow is my last day in LA and then I
go to Chicago that is so crazy but also
stressful because I have a lot of stuff
I have to do oh my gosh
I love you guys so much and I'll see you
around bye
