hey guys welcome to vlogmas day 14 so
i'm about to head to trader joe's to get
some breakfast and in general a few
groceries because i have about three
days left here and I have absolutely no
food in the fridge so we're gonna get
that done we're gonna take care of it
also uploading yesterday's vlog right
now which is great so yeah let's get out
oh the kitchen is a total mess right now
but okay for my smoothie I'm going to
add in a handful of spinach six
strawberries okay there we go a whole
banana I'm also gonna add this frozen
organic tropical fruit blends and for
the base I'm adding tangerine juice if
you guys have never tried using OJ or
like tangerine juice as the base of your
smoothies I definitely recommend because
it gives it like a refreshing kick kind
of like sour as a house and as a family
we've been cleaning the kitchen I think
Jack just headed upstairs I like just
miss time but basically we are going
through the fridge deciding what we want
throughout what we want to keep because
we're all leaving for holiday break and
we don't want like maggots and mold and
smelly things in our fridge when we come
back so right now Lexi's organizing the
condiments cuz she is the condiment
Queen this girl loves her sauces and her
flavors it's true they should be on my
head right now there should wait I'm an
edited it Dean there it is um and then
we just took out the trash we're doing
dishes let's check out the fridge what's
in my Craig style oh it's empty nothing
in there we are those people this level
right here fat-free the lower you go the
more fat high five no fat so like if
you're gravitating towards like over
here like you know this is a drawer of
shame we like all
this is that but here you're good you're
golden oh these are also super low fat
but we just don't have around then we
could put like a middle you mean like
maybe do like no fat here low fat here
they they're all no fat those are all no
fat yeah no way this one has a little
bit it has 5 grams fill oh there we go
you don't deserve to be on this we are
back in the car and right now I'm about
to head to lunch with Bethenny and I'm
really excited because I have not seen
that girl in a hot minute so it's gonna
be really fun and classic we're going to
toast bakery where else does Claudia go
out to lunch
nowhere else mom and dad going off to
work bye honey
I appreciate a nice bathroom and can we
just look at this like this is a really
really cute and nice bathroom and I
appreciate it so
we're getting through it okay so let me
show you guys what we ordered so we got
this artichoke which we've been
struggling with it I don't know why it
just looks like a pile of leaves what
you guys it looks so good
do you know how to use chopsticks I do
so you see promises guys then I got a
Cal and quinoa salad I actually haven't
tried it yet but it looks really good so
I'm gonna go eat this are you guys ever
just stuck in traffic or you're driving
somewhere and it's taken a while and you
really really have to pee because that's
me right now it's so windy out right now
oh my gosh oh my gosh it's so cold windy
lately I don't know what it is I'm me
reflection oh my gosh literally that
chair is so scary to hear bumping
against the walls of the balcony at
nighttime because I always feel like
someone is on my balcony and it's a
really creepy I'm currently editing
vlogmas and doing something the 1st
suitcase has been packed it's do you
want to say anything you were leaving
last time yeah I was thinking about
today for some reason you have to find
that clip put it in and then oh my gosh
yes every blog miss tradition I would
like to wish you all a very Merry
Christmas and I hope Santa is it true
McDonald everyone
but blog was great this year I was in a
lot more this year obviously Zulu with
each other also I never wear t-shirts
around the house so like there was a lot
I was naked for vlogmas 2015 he was just
a naked boy running around look at that
steam rise looks so good a few updates
first off working on the main channel
video and I'm finally feeling it my
computer is being a little slow which is
really annoying and I've deleted all the
footage off of my computer so I don't
know why it's doing this yeah I'm happy
with how that's turning out also I just
received some details about a shoot that
I'm doing tomorrow and I'm really
excited about this one but if you guys
know Casey LaVere Logan's brother he's
actually doing a show with maker where I
don't know if this is how all the
episodes go or if this is just how my
episode is but basically he is going to
teach me how to fish and I'm really
excited because I've never fished in my
entire life so who knows if I'm gonna
catch one or if it's gonna work I don't
really know but yeah I'm really excited
to do that I think it's gonna turn out
funny but I just found out that the
location that we're meeting at is like
an hour south from where I live and also
the call time is at 6:30 a.m. so I'm
gonna have to get up at like 5:00 a.m.
tomorrow it's about 8 p.m. and I'm gonna
continue working on this video for
another hour ok bye guys
why am I like going in with the tea like
this is this how we're out rowing it
right now bye guys that's a great very
girl pie
