hey guys welcome to vlogmas day 13 if I
sound weird at all right now it's cuz
I've gum in my mouth let me just yeah
we're just gonna set that down okay I
was gonna try to talk with gum like in
my cheek but it would have just not
worked okay so today we have three
different destinations to go to the
first one is to go grab some breakfast
and my lunch for later today I also need
to go to the bank because I have a bunch
of checks that I need to deposit and
then lastly I'm going to Best Buy to
possibly purchase some things there's
another point-and-shoot camera that I'm
kind of interested in looking at it's
pretty close to this size but it's a lot
better quality and I don't know how much
I would use it for vlogging but I would
use it for more like travel videos
montage it has a really good slow motion
feature so I'd want to use that camera
for more fancier type videos whether
it's like a day in my life for my main
channel or whatever so main channel
videos basically I'm gonna go put my gum
back in my mouth now and start my day is
that disgusting is it gross that I just
put my gum down and now I'm eating it am
i I'm sorry okay I'm sorry
we've got my smoothie this has pineapple
banana almond milk and almond butter in
it and it's so good and so sweet
I got this salad for lunch it's the
chopped chicken salad and then I got two
different juices this one is really
really healthy for you it just has like
a bunch of green stuff in it and it
actually doesn't taste that bad for not
having any fruit in it so I was pretty
surprised and then also I got this one
which is a little random
it's called serenity and it has that
stuff in there and I don't know
ya want to try it out every time I
choose to eat really healthy I'm always
like why why do I eat crap all the time
I completely forgot that it's Sunday and
banks are not open on Sundays so I'm
gonna go ahead to Best Buy now hopefully
that's open I just got home and I want
to do a little Best Buy haul for you
guys because I got some really exciting
things for starters I needed to get a
smaller tripod that I could bring to
Chicago with me yeah I found this one
and it was on sale for like 22 dollars
which is not bad at all and it extends
but I like how light it is so I can
travel with it
and then the exciting stuff okay
actually this isn't that exciting but I
needed to get a new battery for the
camera that I'm filming on right now of
course it's literally on low battery
right here there's a little thing
blinking
saying that it's almost dead but needed
one of these so I got the camera that I
was telling you guys about it is the
Sony rx100 4 and this sucker can do so
much I am so excited about it it films
in slow motion it films in 4k which is
so impressive for a tiny little camera
with in this size oh my gosh it's so
beautiful also don't mind my nails
that's the black spray paint from
yesterday but wow this flip screen like
pops out it's so cool so yeah I'm
probably going to be playing around with
this a bunch today just kind of getting
used to it and then also I needed to get
a memory card for it and then also I
wanted to get a good case for this
camera because I want to protect it
because it was very expensive so that is
what I got from Best Buy I didn't really
think I was going to get this much but I
was kind of just like a little kid in a
candy store and everything was like
Claudia get it you're gonna use it and
you're gonna love it
and I will don't have dun dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun
don don don don don don don don don you
drinking hot chocolates and watching a
documentary with these two so for some
reason I do not feel good right now I
don't know if I'm getting over something
because I was like a little sick ish
earlier this week or if I'm getting
something so my original intentions were
to take a nap because I'm really tired
but for some reason I can't fall asleep
so instead I decided I'm going to watch
the Victoria's Secret Fashion Show
because you guys know if you watch my
past blog missus I used to love watching
these and I still watch them like with
my cousin and my mom yeah I completely
forgot about this year and I haven't
seen it yet so I'm very very excited
this will be a very good 43 minutes and
then after all I'll get up and I'll do
something with my life
so I'm currently sitting on my bathtub
again and I think you guys all know what
that means let's bring her in Chelsea I
think it's official her name is Chelsea
because I never thought of any mouths
words unless one of you guys can think
of a better name but I kinda like
Chelsea shot up your name is Chelsea two
very exciting things happened first off
I got my capo in the mail which is
basically this little device right here
that holds down the strings so you can
make higher notes I also learned a new
song today once I become mediocre at one
song I already want to move on to the
next I just want to learn how to play
all the songs right so this song is
treacherous there are four different
chords and you're doing the same
strumming pattern for all of them and
the strumming pattern
kids ignore the fact that I'm currently
wearing my retainer right now but I am
sitting on my computer editing I don't
know why this video has been taking me
so long to just sit down and edit I
think it's because I just didn't like
the footage that I filmed and I just had
no inspiration to edit it I don't know
I'm just not feeling it like I normally
do yeah I think I noticed that around
December time my main channel kind of
knocks down on my priority list and
vlogmas is kind of like the number one
priority but I want to show you guys
like the first five seconds of this
video because it looks so good and it's
motivating me to just finish this video
okay
oh my god that shot in the background
that's when I get excited for yeah
that's it and none of that is really
finalized either like I'm still probably
gonna add more and everything me
justifying like the first five seconds
of my new video so yeah I hope you guys
enjoy today's vlogmas video I'll see you
guys for tomorrow's vlog I'm so tired ah
ah hi
