hey guys welcome to vlogmas day 12 so I
just finished editing and uploading at
yesterday's vlog misc and now I'm going
to dedicate the rest of my morning to
cleaning everything up and getting my
life together because I have so much
laundry that I need to do I'm about to
show you guys what my room looks like oh
yeah
since my bed is coming today which I
called West Elm they confirmed it better
be showing up but since my new bed is
coming I want to wash all my sheets and
just kind of you know start fresh type
of thing I don't know I'm one of those
people were like if I get something new
it needs to be like perfect and clean
and everything also I do realize that
this is a full bed and I'm getting a
queen so this mattress isn't really
gonna fit the new bed but it's not like
it's that much bigger so I'm just gonna
keep this mattress for now because I do
not have time to go matches shopping
before the seventeenth which is when I
leave for Chicago so I'm just gonna
continue using this mattress for a
little bit and then once I come back
home from New Year's Eve I'm actually
going somewhere else for New Year's Eve
which you guys will find out later once
that day comes but once I come home from
all those trips then I will take the
time to find a new queen sized mattress
but for now I'm just gonna keep using
this one yeah I'm gonna go clean
everything up oh wait let me show you
guys my room so here's this classic like
a million drinks next to your bedside
table a random bag of garbage it's
really it's not actually that bad like I
know once I put everything away it'll be
pretty quick because I know where
everything belongs in my room but
there's just like random things
everywhere and then I have a lot of
clothes that I need to refold and hang
like this is just disgusting
and this side isn't that bad but then I
have like bras on the floor makeup
everywhere things like that so I'm just
going to take care of all of this all of
it gone goodbye I'm taking a quick break
from cleaning and eating some lunch
I got this hummus veggie wrap that
tastes so bomb and some green juice and
now I'm going to watch some YouTube
videos while I eat
so I took out the wooden plates I put
them over there and these metal stuff
off but I do not have a tool to go into
this little hole right here which I
believe is how I take apart the actual
frame so I don't want to do I don't like
to swear in my vlogs and I'm probably
gonna cut it out but I am so mad right
now
so West Elm comes to deliver my bed
right no they only brought the headboard
so I'm taking apart my bed expecting to
have a new bed come in and they only
brought the headboard
I just told Lexi right now and she goes
oh yeah they did that to me too and I
was like okay well how long did you wait
for you to get your actual bed as well
she goes out three weeks what I
literally bought this bed in July and
they said it would come in October I
don't get that mad easily but that is up
my cheeks are literally getting rosy
right now because I'm getting so heated
up but I was planning on filming a
fricking room tour tomorrow because it's
the last thing that I need for my room
to be done and now I can't do it I
literally am probably gonna be behind on
main Channel videos which I mean I
already am but also I hate filming back
at home because I don't have the proper
lighting and setup and everything so I
am just screwed because I have four days
to try to make as many main channel
videos as again and I'm really stressed
out and pissed so I'm going to turn off
the camera now because I don't like to
be negative in my vlogs but that is just
a quick shitty left update for you guys
yeah okay bye I'm gonna go call and yell
at them now
okay yeah please just work on that
because I heard this bed back in July
and I just been waiting for me to be
happier for it i snapchatted about it
but I don't think I updated you guys yet
basically I started taking apart my bed
and I figured out a way to get the frame
off and I was getting really aggravated
with it so eventually it just kind of
like snapped off basically there was no
way of putting that bed back together
and I already wasted so much time
getting rid of it that I was just like
so over it I'm not putting that bed back
together so instead I took it all apart
and drew actually helped me bring it
outside to where garbage is so drew
thank you so much for helping me because
you're kind acts do not go unnoticed so
thank you for helping me with that but
yeah I'm gonna make my bed and I'm just
gonna be sleeping on the floor for who
knows how long my guess is there is no
way I will be getting my bed before I
leave for Chicago so I'm probably gonna
be on here for the next like five nights
or something but hopefully it's ready in
January
I hate Westham I hate them I'm literally
never ordering online ever ever again
from them we're done talking about the
bed I'm not going to let it consume
today's entire vlog but I wanted to give
a shout out to a video that just came
out like literally seconds ago I just
saw it on Twitter it's the tricks and
video that Logan and I did when I was
back in Utah
that's all I'm gonna show you guys if
you want to check it out I will link it
down below because it came out really
cool the music is awesome and the
editing on the tricks and videos are
always so impressive so very good very
good I'm gonna go make my bed or I guess
my mattress I'm gonna go make my
mattress now let's go spray paint my
painting I realized the other day that I
actually didn't have to buy any black
spray paint because we actually have
some matte black spray paint in the
garage except I really don't want to do
it outside because it's super windy I
feel like it'll mess up with the drips
but I don't we'll figure something out
hello can I say Java something wrong
with this place I got time just a waste
if you would be vanilla escape so that
asked so here is the final product
I just spent about 15 minutes painting
black along the edges just to like clean
it up and stuff but I haven't done the
bottom yet because I need to let those
sides dry first
but it's overall I'm pretty happy with
it I don't know I think it looks cool
I'm not gonna be like hard on myself
because this is the first time I've ever
done anything like this before
as far as like abstract painting with
this large of a canvas yeah I think it
looks pretty cool so maybe we'll have it
above here for a while and if everyone
likes it then we can keep it if not we
could just put it somewhere else
I'm not really stressed about it but I
am done
so it is much later and I am so so ready
to be asleep to be asleep
that was a weird way of saying it but
I'm so so so tired I picked up my guitar
again today which was very exciting it
may be very happy because I haven't
touched it all week and I learned a new
song so I'll play it for you guys
tomorrow
I'm trying to memorize the lyrics and
fit them in with the strumming because
the strumming is a little bit more
difficult than the simple down strums so
once I get that down I will play a
little bit for you guys possibly
tomorrow we shall see I don't know I am
going to bed though so I'll see you guys
well love you bye
