hey guys welcome to I don't even know
what day it is anymore
vlog miss today 11 as you guys saw from
the end of yesterday's vlog I got home
at around 8 a.m. ish and here we are
four hours later getting ready for the
next shoots but this is the last one
this week so we're on like that last
stretch and it's gonna be super fun and
easy for today's Teen Vogue video that
we're shooting I am going to be baking
different recipes that celebrities are
famous for loving you've got Cara
setting up the camera and lights and
everything and I'm just finalizing my
looks and everything like that but
waking up from my like four hour nap
that I just had was the saddest thing
ever because my body is through such a
like shock right now
because I just spent the past like 13
hours forcing my body to like
continuously shake and produce tears and
just like feel heated you know what I
mean because like not only do you need
to make those expressions on your face
and scream everything and whatnot like
it's a full-body experience and that I'm
like whipping this real axe that feels
like it's like 30 pounds or something I
was getting like a workout in I was
sweating I felt like I just read a
marathon or something
we had to constantly put like menthol
right in the tear ducts of my eyes and
down here which if you don't know what
that is we had it kind of like an ax
lipstick form and it was like a clear
type of thing and you put it on your
eyes and it forces your eyes to just
like puff up and start crying because
it's so irritating and like minty kind
of I was compared it's a really strong
and minty eyedrops kind of how those
make your eyes water
so between every single take we just
keep applying more onto my eyes and so
by the end of it my eyes became immune
to that stuff we have to literally just
stab my eyes with that stuff to get my
tears going again so I think right now
my body is going through this weird like
okay you were forcing me to be so tense
and so shaken up and now that's it I
have no other reasons to be upset
anymore
but I'm just gonna chug some coffee and
get through this I got this box in the
mail like yesterday and I have no idea
what's in here this is definitely not
the safest way to be doing this but I
can't find my scissors this is so cute
oh my gosh benefit this packaging is so
cute guys I swear to God but if it
always has the cutest packaging in the
entire world there's a freaking
mistletoe attached to the lid it's it's
a whole lot the little things
wow I appreciate that so much let's see
real cheeky party oh oh hell yeah
there's actually so many of these that I
don't own so I'm really excited oh my
god I wanted sugar bomb for so long Wow
oh my gosh they are what this is so much
thank you so much benefit if you're
watching this you guys are absolutely
crazy but I am forever grateful for all
this stuff because benefit is literally
my favorite brand in the entire world oh
my gosh yes
yes I love this line of stuff oh I don't
know what this is that's new there's
definitely some products in here that
I've never tried before so I am very
very excited christmas came early this
year I thank you so much benefit ah okay
guys so this is for his first time at
trying one of the hoverboards we just
finished filming all the cookies and
stuff okay and part of your feet are
now yeah you have to just like like be
one with the board on board it's all
mental if you want to move forward like
look into its eyes and think yeah so
just think about where you want to go
and I'll take you yeah like look into
his eyes and just think like okay there
we go there we go
you're doing a good job okay let me show
you guys the cookies that we made it so
these were Taylor Swift's recipe and
they were merciless yeah they're all
celebrities try sugar cookies with egg
nog frosting we've got peanut butter
vegan cookies Carly cloths and then
Jessica Alba sugar cookies that are also
vegan so they were very very delicious
okay so right now it is actually really
late in the day it is almost 6 p.m. and
we've been filming this video since
about like 2 or something so yeah a lot
of this day has passed by without me
vlogging I finished editing that vlog
and I'm uploading it right now and I'm
probably gonna take a nap drew how's
your day going so far really good how's
yours I was rudely awakened this morning
by this one did you remember it
happening I literally have no
remembrance of it you just covered your
face right away Lexi came down and she
was like Claudia did that really happen
or were like was that a geranium yes
yeah it was really funny I'm I'm an
awful human being I like you know you
just you got to keep them on your toes
me talking about my relationship with my
roommates you gotta have them wanting
more right keep them on their toes it's
all about being mysterious and just
doing things unexpectedly that's how you
find the good roommates guys so a few
things first off thank you guys so much
for 400,000 subscribers on this channel
that is absolutely insane to have that
much just on a personal vlog Channel I'm
really starting to love my vlog channel
a lot because I feel like it's so
different from my main channel like
don't get me wrong I love making main
channel videos and I take so much pride
in the effort and time that I put into
making those videos and stuff because
that's kind of where I make art for you
guys or you know try to come up with
cool concepts that maybe someone has
never done before and just bringing
ideas to life and stuff so I love that
whole aspect of having a main channel
but I love reading the comments on my
vlogs so much because you guys just
share all of your opinions and you guys
are all so sweet which also I wanted to
mention I probably get if this many like
maybe five hate comments on all my vlogs
like it never goes over five comments if
I ever see any and the fact that I can
say that is so crazy because I know that
some people have a little harder as far
as hate comments or people that judge
them for things that they do or say but
you guys are all so sweet not only to me
but also to each other and I feel like I
always recommend from you guys saying oh
man I love your like la family out here
I wish I had that or I wish I shared
something like that but literally guys
that is what we are on this channel
seeing you guys comment on each other's
comments and talking to me and
everything like we are our own little
beyond beauty star TV family if you want
to say my old username and it's so great
it's so awesome I feel like I can
literally say anything in front of you
guys and I can show you guys anything
and for the most part none of you really
ever judge me for it and it's awesome I
love it so so so much so I just want to
say that real quick
you guys so much for being so sweet said
not only me but all of you know you guys
as well like you guys are awesome wait
why was I originally turning on this
camera I think I was gonna see something
else oh also the bed so last week I told
you guys that my West Elm bed was
supposed to arrive on Wednesday but I
had to move that because obviously I was
on set all day Wednesday so I think
they're supposed to be coming tomorrow I
think I missed their call today so I
need to call them and confirm but yeah I
think my new bed is coming tomorrow I
pray I think that is all that I want to
say yeah I don't know I'm just reading
your guys's comments on my vlogs and
it's just making me really happy I am
always left with a smile on my face when
I read my blog comments because it's
good I don't know so thanks guys
getting cheesy so I have not left this
couch since the last time I've logged
but this one has joined us this one is
on a singie of course the leg kicks are
so funny yeah I just like I was about to
say like we just started getting into
intense conversation and I just started
whipping out all these life mottos and
just like advice and then I stopped
myself and I was like how am i how am i
speaking right now what like I should be
passed out oh I don't know if I
mentioned this to guys but I think I'm
just going to not nap and just get
through today and go to bed at like 9 10
something like that cuz I don't want to
mess up my entire sleep schedule like I
want to get it back to normal so I'm
just gonna stick it out you got this
girl I've been watching like some
youtube vids catching up with the
subscriptions I find like myself never
really watching youtube videos anymore
do you guys well yeah I watch your guys
obviously but do you guys watch YouTube
videos a lot I think that's like a
question that like a lot of subscribers
want to know or viewers it's like you
know like who's your favorite youtuber
all that stuff and like I really I feel
like I don't have a favorite youtuber
yeah they're good they're good so well
yeah there's a lot of youtubers that
like exactly love their videos but I
don't keep up with them you know what I
mean I don't yeah you know there's so
many people you're like oh that person
great for their rants that person great
skits whatever but I know I feel like I
don't really have like a favorite
favorite youtuber but I do try to keep
up with friends oh yeah I linked you in
the downbar
guys check him out he's amazing alright
I'm gonna turn you guys off now but just
wanted to life update so quick
peace and blessing can we just please
take note of Alex's sitting position
right now I don't think I would either
no no you look cute your little bangs
what right it's refreshing
I needed this carrot in my life I had so
many cookies today it's almost 8 p.m.
and I can't do it I can't stay any
longer I am so so exhausted and I feel
like it's late enough for me to be able
to go to bed and then wake up at like a
regular hour in the morning tomorrow
will probably be a little bit earlier
than usual but that's ok with me but
yeah I'm gonna go shower maybe even take
a bath no way too much time I'm gonna
shower and go to bed
I'm really excited tomorrow I might be
getting my bed so like you guys get to
see it and I'm also gonna finish that
painting
needs to go up our fireplace so I'll
show you guys that as well and things
will just be you know back to normal and
they will be very fine and dandy
today was just like the weirdest day of
my life because everything was just so
crazy I know it wasn't very
action-packed but I will see you guys
tomorrow bye
