welcome to vlogmas day 10 I believe so
right now I am currently watching over
equipment outside of Starbucks for this
Teen Vogue video we are ordering a
different secret items off of menus so
we're gonna go to Starbucks in and out
McDonald's Jamba Juice Chipotle and try
different types of things that maybe you
guys never knew existed on their menus
so that's kind of the whole idea behind
this video I am NOT excited to eat all
this stuff because it's all gonna be so
bad for me and I don't want to put it in
my body but like you know I'll take
little bites it's gonna be good but yeah
this morning I woke up at around 9:30
ish got ready real quick now we just
started shooting this stuff and to my
surprise I was actually able to edit
yesterday's vlog mist this morning so I
think once we get back home and we start
filming more of the shots in my kitchen
I'll be able to finish uploading the
video which is awesome because I won't
be late on my vlogs because I was so
worried about that I'm sorry it's really
loud I'm literally unlike one of the
busiest intersections ever but that has
been my morning so far
guys I'm so tired don't mind what's
going on right here but I just finished
with the Teen Vogue shoot I didn't
really log at all because we just tried
to get it done as fast as we can but
everything that I tried was pretty legit
like it all tasted pretty good I feel
kind of gross though because almost all
that stuff was super unhealthy for me it
was like McDonald's and things like that
but right now I'm going to take a
30-minute nap and then I'm gonna head to
set which is where we were yesterday
gonna go pass out for a little bit and
I'll talk to you guys afterwards also
apologies this vlog is gonna be super
short just like yesterday's because
there's literally never any time to like
whip out the camera and try to vlog one
like all you're doing is already filming
okay bye I've got my big black fluffy
cotons and walnuts and dried cherries
and I'm ready to go so I just got to set
and I'm literally about to go take a nap
in this bed I arrived here like thirty
minutes earlier than my call time
because I didn't want to worry about
traffic or anything like that
so I'm literally gonna continue passing
out but here let me show you guys the
view from this bedroom so next to the
bed there's like this little circular
area and it's such a cute little block
there's like a church down there and
apparently a diner it was like this
little Train thing there's some of the
crew right there usually the food
happens over there yeah I'm gonna go a
continuously thing we are currently
trying to match up yesterday's blood
splatters to today's and it's kind of
hard when you're just like flicking
blood okay
guys if you're creeped out by my makeup
you guys know we'll get carries makeup
so she's officially a zombie we haven't
filmed the first scene yet but we're
very close to it
this is honest guys there's a cat on
Saturday named Isabella and she's the
cutest thing ever
oh my gosh she's so furry I'd pet you
but like I have a PETA in one hand and a
camera in the other so what time is it
right now chase it is 1107 11:07 we're
eating lunch right now okay guys so I
know I have not blogged a lot today but
this shoot has been insane there's been
so much shouting and crying and running
and throwing whipping axes and stuff I'm
like sweating yeah I just want to say
like this is one of my first few seconds
of like having a second to not be in the
shot but it's almost like before I am I
don't know if I already mention that we
still have like an hour left of shooting
look at this oh my gosh I didn't even
show you guys this so the makeup team
made these fake intestines and I don't
want to touch them because my hands will
be bloody but they're made out of
marshmallows and nylon and they're like
wrapped in like tights that you put on
your legs
I don't know so creative looks so
realistic
feeding mark that's great so Mike one
more up chase you're so currently
chilled on the floor chase and that is
how the scene ends and he turns into a
cat literally looks so good
yep right now we're about to do my
close-up so over the shoulder for him so
the tears will be rolling tenderly shake
into the anger moving in the eyes
show me your perfect superstar it is
6:27 right now I am and we just wrapped
and it's it's so weird cuz we just went
literally 12 hours of just like
screaming and crying and breathing all
the stuff and now it's like okay we're
done when I was thinking of doing I
don't think I'm gonna do it because I
like don't have the heart to do this if
I kept all this on and just walked into
my room without saying anything and
secretly like catching his reaction um
I'm keeping the makeup on oh because I
want to film like I want to secretly
film the audio of like what might over
will say when he sees me and I was
thinking like what if I slammed open the
door and go go go go go go and I get it
I see I just like I don't think I have a
heart to do it you guys are my heroes
did you do it I'm impressed
this is Jason the director hey guys it's
like 6:30 a.m. seriously we're all crazy
to do that I get my three on this year
oh I'm very excited I am to the names
cutter pets but you can call me Carl
yeah well my name is gonna fit or you
can call me Carl
where are you car
ah oh I wish you weren't enough did I
wake you up
give me morning kids give you morning
good morning all right
I'm crazy out of my mind right now let's
go scare drew and then to bed you don't
even look at my face guys look at this
aah oh my gosh guys I did not know how
bad this art is clearly I have lost my
voice because of all the shouting and
screaming that I did today all right I
guess last night but I just got home
let's see what time it is it is 746 a.m.
I normally wake up at around this time I
have 4 hours to sleep until my next
shoot this entire adventure was amazing
I had so much fun but I'm gonna go
shower and go to bed
love you guys see you tomorrow or I
guess technically today but okay
