good morning everyone and welcome to
vlogmas day 9 i'm currently packing up
and putting on clothes for my shoot
today i don't know why that was a thing
yeah I'm sure I have been stuff hands
because it is cold outside and I'm not
gonna be wearing these clothes all day
so it doesn't really matter but yeah
today is the first day of the shoot that
I'm doing which maybe I'll be able to
tell you guys once I get there I don't
really know but I'm so very very excited
it's gonna be such an awesome day and I
do wake up feeling a little bit better
my voice kind of sounds weird now that
I'm talking but I feel good so let's
keep it that way
guys we just got to set and look at how
cute these houses are there's so like
Victorian I got the OK from the director
that I can vlog on set which is amazing
news because I was so worried that I
wouldn't be able to but what I can say
is that it's kind of a hybrid of a
Christmas Carol but also there will be
zombies involved so there's gonna be a
lot of blood and intestines and things
like that so here we have the little
makeup and wardrobe say hell what why
are you nodding your head you're ready
to get put some makeup on you right
oh yeah he's excited he's excited so
let's do this I'm done with the makeup
the makeup is very very simple and now
we're gonna be doing like a well with
the like the Victoria
300 Cheyenne I am failing hard on this
okay guys so we're in the wardroom flat
we're in the wardrobe room right now and
I want to show you guys my attire so I
believe this is my night gown we've got
this thing right here think I can't
speak this dress this and this we are in
the middle of filming the first shot
this is what it looks like
well we by the way we'll get these bad
guys giant fort so we just finished the
first scene and no here's my outfit wait
a second see here is my next outfit it's
like a white dress and just like a red
coat looking thing and we're about to
film a scene on the front porch so let
me show you guys what I'm looking at
right now
there's my cheating fiancee leeches
I blog blog blog
we just finished a really intense scene
but it was super fun and now we're
eating and we have Chinese food right so
hungry that right there looks so real
that's probably that's good for the face
Wow yes please I can feel it seeping
through onto my stomach all right it is
about 8:30 right now and we're pretty
much working on the last scene there's a
few different things that we have to do
so I don't think we're gonna wrap until
like 10:30 11 inch or something but I'm
currently the wardrobe room because I
need to change my outfit but no one is
here right now so I was told to just
chill here hence why you guys have been
brought out I've been doing most of my
vlogging today on my phone which really
makes me upset because the quality is so
much better on this camera I just never
have my camera on set because it's so
clunky I'd rather have my phone because
I can also check other stuff on it it's
okay
whatever though but yeah this is guys
check out my nightgown how terrifying is
this in the last scene I'm like dragging
an axe across the floor as I'm wearing
like fuzzy slippers
hey what up what up what's going on I'm
ready for my last outfit of the day now
I'm chilling that's good a great comment
oh is this gonna be it this is gonna be
oh I wear this today already I like this
one all right
types a good trap we're in the garden
and we're filming the last scene of the
day so it is very very late in the day
right now and I just got home and I am
so ready to pass out thank you for
watching today's vlog I love you guys
goodnight
