good morning guys so today is going to
be a busy and productive day my first
order of business is to have to stay I
can't talk I don't know what's wrong
with my voice today I hope I'm not
getting sick oh my god that is the last
thing I need but my first order of
business is to go to Staples because I
need to print out some things let us go
to Sybil's I am about to head out to go
to my audition and yeah that's pretty
much all that I have to update with you
guys right now I need to go go now
I think I'm just starting to realize
that every single time I get out of an
audition I'm just extremely happy
the last scene was literally me like
screaming hyperventilating no but I
think it went really well and I don't
know everyone was really nice and they
seemed to really like it so you know
crossing the fingers but who knows I'm
sweating I have a call in an hour I need
to go home and go home
chill out for a little bit I've got a
lot of adrenaline in me right now but
it's good kind
yes my lunch is in fact a plate of hash
browns with ketchup drizzled all over it
I don't really have a lot of food in the
house right now so working with what I
got you know guys I am so upset right
now so I've been feeling sick today so I
wanted to order these like wellness
shots from earth bar which is like a
food place here but I didn't have time
to go pick it up so I did it through
post mates which is where some basically
buys it for you and drops off of your
house kind of like uber but for food and
I was holding the camera I was bringing
this stuff up into my room and look at
what happened they freaking dropped on
the floor so now I've to clean it up and
purchase some new ones mmm
frustrated at least my smoothie didn't
drop so the important part has survived
Hey okay for starters let's point out
the obvious from this angle at least
Byam got a new tattoo baby I haven't
even like tweeted it or announce that
myself there you go yeah it's beautiful
yeah it's little sea shells really
spontaneous but I am obsessed with this
seriously I like how dainty does and
stuff I was shopping and I walked it
like five tattoos I was okay let's do it
I walked in by myself and I just fucking
did it that's awesome yeah I love it I
love it what are you doing right now
watching abduction stories a Netflix
good good you're incredible you continue
living life to the fullest my man love
you you need to put this part in the
entire video blogging this yeah I'm
blogging you also you have to charge
your camera okay there you go
okay so now like like really got a
close-in shot though oh yeah but it's
such a Drew's shoulder like oh shoot
yeah yeah yeah yeah beautiful be more
quick visit that stick your head this
way to see what you're saying - it's
just do you see like lift your arm drew
yeah yeah yeah look at the camera me me
yes I'm in the shot
yeah now twist the arm so the tattoo is
facing the sky more yeah it really does
work ready I'll show it to you we put
the arm back up
okay flip it okay ready oh crap
I got enough for like no I just woke up
from a quick 30 minute nap because I
just got so tired so quick while editing
but i repurchased the wellness and cold
and sinus shots so I'm gonna take some
shots and for you guys these are
seriously the grossest things in the
entire world it has like cayenne pepper
and a ginger like just random things
that are good for your body apparently
also I got another smoothie and I don't
even remember what I ordered but it's
brown this is supposed to help with your
skin now I remember
it's pretty good kind of tastes like
clay no I
shots number 1 what is that I don't even
know
oh no the only way I can describe it is
when you take it you feel like you're
getting punched in the nose does it like
heats everything up and you're like wow
all right let's just bang out the second
one
hello hello it's me it's me guys
Oh today's blog so short so far it's
four minutes and 50 seconds that is not
glue lo for me that is not hold it da
right now we're watching some Amy
Schumer we're also watching a little bit
of South Park um while eating dinner
Claudia tell people how you feel
yo I'm tired choosing steak earlier
tonight I'll be blog gross I did I like
filmed myself drinking the shot things
and that's what I just edited and I was
like yeah no I'm definitely passing out
on some nyquil tonight like good Nick
miss oh this is from a gift we got today
a subscriber gave me a gift today that
was so cool I went over to mr. and mrs.
vegans house they're doing 12 days of
Christmas on their channel and there's
different recipe every single day I'm
day two if you're interested to learn a
nice low-fat vegan recipe I had to wear
a prop and this was it so I was leaving
they're like no keeping up like no
really like I don't want it and they're
like yeah just keep it just like a
conversation of us being like I don't
want it either no I don't want it no
she's here with it but I told her that
I'm glad she has because it made me
happy when I first saw it it was like
all jolly you're like Bop around
jingling oh but I felt like I was trying
to say fling and I forgot that there's
another girl over at mr. mrs. Meighan
towel writer and she was like oh my god
watch your videos and I heard you were
coming today so like I got you a
Christmas gift and I was like why it's
done so nice that's so nice I haven't
opened yet should I open it yeah do you
want to blow this too though yeah like
she's also doing vlogmas not cool thick
guys not cool thing
oh um you can do that I'm cold waiting
I'm not cool vidcom Lexi someone locked
themselves out what's the secret
password Open Sesame
how did you get it oh the first try
every movie in history that I wanted I
think my low energy is rubbing off on
you because I also have lots of low
energy kickin up how do we kick it up we
owe
I'm opening up the gift which I'm dearly
thankful for she wrapped it so
beautifully seriously I love when people
don't use wrapping paper like using
newspaper or like brown paper like this
you made a little video about it it
looks so cute you got me Troy's new
album oh my god that's so nice that is
so sweet
putting other youtubers all around
Troy's album art is serious so good
that's what I was just about to bring up
the album art great job aesthetically
very pleasing I asked Claudia to open up
the card for me and she gives me this
hey you couldn't get it open either okay
oh my heart is warm vocal boom time for
the advent calendar this is like the
worst but also best part of my day you
know cuz like the whole struggle and
fight and battle to get these out sucks
but the result is always amazing and
delicious so guys tonight's the night I
use this face mask fake brightening
hydrogel mask I've never actually tried
this one in particular but I've tried
other ones and they're awesome
and they look absolutely ridiculous but
they make your face builder than that
and for some reason I was just feeling
it tonight
so I'm about to Brighton firm and
hydrate my face y'all also if you're
curious at all to see what I'm wearing
now we've got the red Christmas robe
which apparently I forgot to take the
tag off this sweatshirt that I wore
today and my little boy shorts that I
bought in Utah these are the comfort
like cake with so money these are the
coffee's things in the entire world
they're just so like loose and flowy and
I just want to like do this when I wear
them and then also some slippers so
that's the getup right now it cause it's
so messy in the back sorry about that
step one complete step two make a quick
classic my camera battery died again so
now we're on lower quality cell phone
vlogging it's so slimy I feel like I
kind of like a superhero right now like
a peacock masquerade type thing or maybe
not yeah probably not
next up we have the mouthpiece this is
so funny I'm gonna go way down and let
this sit on my face for 20 minutes oh
yes we are doing a webcam ouch oh right
now but I just want to say thank you
guys so much for watching also tomorrow
I will not have a vlog video up I will
be vlogging hopefully if they'll let me
on set I don't really know but if you
guys are confused at all just watch blog
miss day sevens block I explain all of
it as far as my crazy week that's about
to happen so I probably will not have
two vlogs go up for the next two days or
something like that because I just want
her time to edit don't worry guys I will
still be vlogging and such but yeah I
love you guys and I'll see you very very
soon bye
