sky looks good this guy's good are you
sure you're not pregnant
hey guys welcome back to vlogmas so I'm
actually about to head out right now to
go meet up with Lucas because we both
have auditions tomorrow and we're gonna
help each other practice but also before
I leave I quickly wanted to thank Lulu's
for randomly sending me a package I
received in the mail today and they are
so sweet they wrote Claudia happy
holidays Lulu's loves you let me know if
you ever need anything if you guys are
watching this thank you so much this is
so sweet of you guys so we've got two
pairs of shoes these are awesome they're
like a topi brown color and there's like
strings this is like one of my favorite
colors right now this little short
sleeve crop sweater that's turtlenecks
I'm very excited about because I don't
have a lot of turtleneck things but I'm
really into that whole idea right now
and then we've got this like ribbed gray
leotard thing this would look so cute
underneath like some black skinny jeans
yeah are you joining me for my haul this
skirt is super cute it's like a tan
suede skirt model it for me thank you
thank you
right I love it um I haven't seen these
last two okay
greats never go wrong with a nice
grayish green v-neck yeah oh my god
right it's really pretty let's talk to
you and oh my god it's a dress it's a
dress it's a button-up dress where is
the that's with some black over the knee
boots mm-hmm yeah yeah I did me that and
then there's these are you yeah I like
this color and like the exposed heel and
then lastly got these little little
strappy strappy black thingies yeah
thank you guys so much if you're
watching this I hope they are because
I'm very appreciative of it and I'm very
excited to wear this stuff
yay I will be on my way now
I just need to pack up my purse and
stuff and um yeah I'll talk to you guys
in a bit mugs oh I'm well oh yeah okay
no let's turn this off your arms up over
your head and stretch you guys are
probably so confused right now
okay so basic okay we're good this is
off now mature and move past we've done
with that okay basically we just filmed
a video for Luke of this channel because
you just started a YouTube channel I'll
link it down below and when the video
goes up what's it called but he
basically forced me into an acting
challenge where you're not supposed to
laugh and that was a little taste of
that so I'm good great it's it was it
was very I called it disturbing at the
time and I'll stick with that I would
say it's very therapeutic and relaxing
we got oils and Katie put lavender oil
on our wrists like you're not messing
around have you had these before these
are all literally eat these like show me
baby wait what do we wait you cannot eat
that many they're like we're really
you're probably so see what like a solid
- can't you overdose - okay overdose
only vitamins but like how what are they
okay yeah they're really really gummy
bears they're really good but like isn't
it bad to eat more than the recommended
amount all the comments are gonna be
like Lukas blah blah so sorry guys I'm
just really healthy that's the right
term but these are great says do not
explain suggested dosage if you have
medical conditions or a pregnant or
nursing so I don't have any of those
three sure you're not pregnant okay oh
this is awkward
um she thinks that she can beat me and
crying he's already n't I'm worried she
has a pulse here is watery a lot of
ketchup okay
I'm so I know I'm like doing I want to
get to that point because you're the one
editing this not me our day is ending we
are splitting off doing own things but
seriously like it helps so it helps so
much like she helped me so much
yeah she's fun she's a really good
actress oh we're getting there we're
getting there
coming from Lucas alright hey guys so I
am back home now I just ate some lunch
and I also just planned out what I want
to do with the painting that's
downstairs I just did it on the computer
through PicMonkey but what I'm thinking
is getting some black spray paint and
doing like a Z and then holding it
upside down to get drips going up and
then have drips going down like that so
I probably won't be able to do that
until like Saturday or something because
this week is going to be insane because
I don't have any spray paint at the
house yeah I'm excited to do that it's
gonna look so cool
also I'm sitting here planning out my
week because I just got the times for
the shoot and everything like that I'm
kind of stressing out because I have way
way too much on my plate so I wanted to
let you guys in on this because there
will definitely be two days this week
where I'm not going to be able to upload
my vlogs on time I'm still going to be
vlogging every single day but there's
absolutely no way that I'm going to be
able to edit and upload them on time so
to catch you guys up this is how my week
is going today and tomorrow are okay
they're fine tomorrow I have the
audition but I'm just going to work on
like my video and continue memorizing my
script and whatnot Wednesday is when the
craziness starts happening so Wednesday
from 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. so that's 12
hours I'm going to be shooting for this
shoots and then I go home at 11 p.m.
pass out right away so I'm not going to
be able to edit Wednesday's vlog at all
Thursday morning I'm having a crew come
over to my house to shoot the first Teen
Vogue video but also on Thursday we told
the team that we have to wrap up by at
least 4 p.m. because on that same day I
then dive into the second part of the of
the shoot that I did the day before and
it's another 12 hours and it's going to
be through the night so it's going to be
from 5:00 p.m. to 5:00 a.m. and that is
what I'm scared about because I feel
like I'm not going to get a lot of sleep
in between the first 12 hours shoot and
the second 12 hour shoot because in
between I have another shoot going on so
I am literally gonna be like delusional
that entire thing I don't know I'm
really nervous about it but what I think
will be fine so that shoots from 5 p.m.
to 5 a.m. so then that goes into Friday
morning Friday morning I'm going to
drive back home pass out for a few hours
and then once again crew comes over to
the house on Friday and we filmed the
second Teen Vogue video so in a matter
of one to three days 24 hours straight
shooting of the first one and two Teen
Vogue's shoots I know I'm being super
vague and that was probably really
confusing to take in but I don't know
what I can and can't say but I just want
to let you guys know because I would be
an idiot if I I'm sorry to say this but
if I wasted any time trying to edit to
everything and upload it all of it when
within those three days I should really
be trying to get as much sleep as I can
in between everything else that's going
on now I'm starting to stress about like
main channel videos I'm just freaking
out because I have a little over a week
until I leave for Chicago and I love my
job it's okay I'm getting really
stressed out it's okay though I'm gonna
go wash off my makeup because I feel
really gross and continue running over
lines for tomorrow's audition
oh damn well I didn't come up there
I just sneaked up me unlikely recharging
of the stairs we're like sky looks good
I know I heard you guys from my bathroom
we got the main level like this guy's
good oh man that's beautiful Wow when
this is the view out of your bathroom
window oh but the sound effects
currently filming some of my main video
and here is the setup
I need a continue yep thank you very
much that was probably the most graceful
I've ever taken one of these out great
day sorry the quality is so bad and dark
right now but it's getting closer to a
bedtime and I've just been practicing my
lines in the bathroom it's so funny
because I'm literally just having like a
conversation with myself and the ones
that I'm practicing right now are like
very intense like angry screaming is
scared and so I'm literally like
shouting my bathroom like everyone can
hear it in the house I want to quickly
finish editing this vlog and taking care
of it so I don't have to worry about it
in the morning but thank you so much for
watching today's vlog I will see you
guys tomorrow
and I hope every one of you guys has an
awesome amazing day because you guys all
deserve it and I love you guys okay
getting cheesy here good bye
