good morning guys I cannot believe that
we woke up in Florida this morning and I
have to tell you guys last night was
probably the best rest that I have ever
got since hot pre and Calvin home and
it's all because of Katy Calvin if we
have to switch kids we totally can
yeah that's kind of amazing but Calvin
Heeia has been really kind of fussy at
night particularly and Katy gave me some
gas drops for him and he slept a good
stretch
which means momma and daddy got to sleep
a good stretch all the in jacks are
playing actually they locked themselves
in the room and I'm not opening it up go
play go play I have to show you guys um
our room so okay maybe like a little
house tour just a really small one so
like you walk in and you have the living
room I think my mom would like this you
have the stairs
and then you have the kitchen area and
our bedroom is up here so Katy : have
their bedroom
hi Brian Brian and Missy have their room
and then this is our room and I think
that it is decorated so cute they have
all of these white shutters and all the
rooms and this is how we slept
Calvin slept here and a little bassinet
we slept there and then we opened up
this and kind of so Jackson could have a
little bit of us blocked out and checks
and slept there and each bedroom has a
little bathroom with it too which i
think is so smart especially if like a
little like getaway house so for when
you do have guests I think it was really
kind of fun for us that we had our own
little bathroom and so that is the
bathroom kind of fun I can't wait to go
to the beach today
okay you kids you just hang out in here
and have some fun all right don't get in
too much trouble in here okay look at
little swimsuit swimsuit totally reminds
me of like a 1920s all right here tell
me what it is
you know what he's been hugging and
patting him on the back like all day I
love our boys games asleep in and the
boys are scared of the sand Yahoo
because that means they actually said
what spot just kidding that's not Yahoo
but Jackson all the Sun decide he didn't
like the sand and he has never said this
other life I think he doesn't like the
ocean as much as like he likes yeah yeah
so boys you stay here and watch the kids
and Missy I so I'm gonna see if I can
get them to pay attention to me for a
second doing Gil in the picture
even though it's really hot here there's
always been an area that has shade that
we've been able to impressed and I've
been able to feed Kelvin he's been able
to rest you literally like look at his
shorts
he's having the time of his life he is
being so sweet
he's done so good he slept so good last
night he's just done he's gonna join the
warm weather this is the nice hyung
Calvin your first trip to Florida what a
lucky baby you are what a lucky family
we are this has been seriously so fun
and actually really relaxing all right
so I just hope the girls put the kids
down for a little nap
I'm going back to the beach to pick up
Brian and color and pick up all the
stuff from the spot and we are gonna go
get ready because I think we're gonna
have some dinner once the kids wake up
from the nap
hey guys hey guys want to go for a ride
in 90 miles to the gallon on this hog
alrighty gentlemen my name is Jeremy
command I'll be your tour guide today
we're going to be driving through these
roads of Florida
here in Panama City where the the palm
trees are fresh and the water is fine
and the speed bumps whoa are definitely
there while you're left here you'll see
some beautiful houses some may be under
construction and you can get one for
yours for the low price of 3.9 billion
dollars yes that's me with a billion
that's such a good deal and just go to
youtube.com slash daily endurance and
put your listing in now Jared decided to
use the outdoor shower because all the
babies are upstairs sleeping first let's
open this up it's an outdoor shower
everyone can see you well it's okay it's
okay
I know but only people who are invited
then I can shower I don't know why you
would have an outdoor shower but not
everyone can see Oh hurry before he's
done hurry before he's done I knew I
liked you that's funny
you better run fast
should I go outside or should I go in
here I'll go in here I'll go in here
what fine oh yeah I totally got anything
so I know that some of that your face
chair that's heavy we are set we all
look so good everyone show their outfits
we're getting ready we're gonna go out
to dinner and then we're gonna go to a
concert who's playing the concert I
think Jovi tribute band yeah maybe
tribute band is that what it is I have
no idea I'm making it up as I go
Jackson no longer wants any Utah rocks
he wants in Florida Rock so
if you look at the tone in the contrasts
in the contouring of these rocks you can
see that there is quite a substantial
difference in the value of these guys
yeah Jackson immediately recognizes that
I doct I never get designed unless I'm
traveling like I mean you tie their
really quarters I never order anything
you need but when I'm back number two I
actually didn't really ever eat seafood
all that much until we went to Seattle
for vlogger fair and especially when we
travel and then occasionally at home
I'll get like shrimp and fish and stuff
you eat the tails of the shrimp : okay
so the battery just died I took the golf
cart and I rode back to the house got
the battery drove back I talked all
about it on my snapchat go follow me I
haven't listed down below snapchat comm
was this one blinking don't worry I'm
prepared Jing hold on a second guys
anyway as I was saying make sure you
guys are following me on snapchat so you
get behind the scenes cool little diddly
do is that I do Diddley's dudes that I
did I really just say that anyway so
good it's all about perspective Katie
said that must hurt coming out well yeah
i nibbled I don't okay Missy your turn
get him run like a bear and grab him
grab his tail throw him down
whoa we got you run away so before our
food comes we're gonna walk over down
this it's so beautiful so we think it
may take a couple pictures so this is
our view how pretty is that
hey Jackson you ready my dad's here long
listen to some music
say hi say hi say hi
what a wonderful evening we just have
dancing was a lot of fun and I think
Jackson had a lot of fun don't you think
Ellie are you breastfeeding okay we're
wrapping up the night we're editing some
vlogs because later we're gonna play
some games are you guys ready for this
are you guys ready with this are you
ready so you guys better hurry up with
your whole editing stuff I haven't even
started because I'm filming still a
little bit thanks for watching guys be
sure to check out Missy Brian Katie and
Cullen I'll have their links down below
have a wonderful night guys and Ellie
yeah be sure to check out the a week of
channel hey you check it out checking
out Calvin say hi watchdog thanks for
watching guys we'll see you tomorrow bye
cya TBS bye oh sorry click the thumbs up
button did I do it right see why your t
vs u io t FS bye alright okay I got it
