ah
you
you
all right these things are the best are
you ready for this
just like you're running at an
incredible rate I just got done
finishing saying that when you go on
these things it feels like you're
running an incredible rate yes how you
doing buddy
Izzy look Eddie feeling the texture good
scrubby let me kiss
we finally made it to Florida there were
probably I don't think there weren't any
tears on that flight except for Ellie
when she got peed on do you have any
happy stay no I just smelled Jackson's a
little whiny but you never liked her
yeah just a little wine you took a great
nap on the second flight given that we
flew for six hours I think everyone did
awesome but we are gonna go see if we
can find someone we gotta go look for
someone see if we can find anyone
specific oh my gosh oh my gosh look at
your sir you look good
hey I'm gonna read in my like little
intro and I'm gonna get with Brian and
be like we're here representing Ellie
and Jared in the hahahaha that's so
perfect oh we're so excited we can't
wait where's Katie where's Maci King
here's the house all right we've got
Oliver James in Jackson hey Jackson
hurry and give her a kiss
are you so you can claim our educator
kiss give her a kiss fine funny
different high five high five she's sexy
she's such a drama queen
nothing like a Florida Rock we're on the
way to the beach and Jackson saw rocks
and really started crying oh no not in
your mouth though you hold your rocks
because that's all I wants okay two for
one hand in one for another there you go
are we guys your rocks now you can be
happy I cannot believe that this
actually worked out and I cannot believe
that I'm here with two kids life this is
very long my goodness real like the last
time you were aboard I bawled my eyes
out on the way home because all I wanted
to do was go to the dang ocean and
that's exact
what we're doing first to make sure we
do it yes we're goin to the beach
look all and do it our son and our older
son but um we'll be safe we won't get
into water hi Calvin - this is JC what
up looks like is beautiful look at the
pool but even better even better look at
those waves oh my gosh oh my gosh look
at those waves oh my goodness you can
smell it
this is beautiful Jarrod this is amazing
yes the sand feels amazing yeah this is
this feels amazing oh my gosh oh my gosh
I've never been
all right let's do it
here we go ready Jax hey God is pretty
good okay
I should like this feel so for business
life is looking for I've never been the
ocean this is beautiful I think we just
need like someone and a recipe to
jumping around like Baywatch
and there's Colin in the water
yawning does that mean he's gonna sleep
good tonight tonight may the Lord bless
and keep you may the Lord make his face
to shine upon you and ever give you
peace in Jesus Christ amen oh my
goodness
Calvin again love so much love and
attention he really does man he's such a
stud look at this wrinkles in his head
like this little he's like boom what's
going on it's crazy I just learnt like
age groups we have for the kids in this
house I know I know and me and Katy
actually everywhere I'll talk about how
crazy it is that we're all together and
we have all of our babies and if you
won't told us that like two years ago
none of us gonna believe ya okay and by
the way that was really last-minute and
I said no and then I changed my mind
so I really got me a machine I really we
really pushed it we were like
nice huh music you've gotta getta later
and ever you said yes I was like no way
well you guys can all thank my dad
because he was like oh I think you
should go it's like okay Jared go I bet
he's like wishing he was here right now
so next time we get to get there all
right finish think of our parents or
actually see the time yeah I thought
Ellie earlier we got a wrote a video
Utah do the skeet shooting in the 400
yeah jump in their pool and hang out
with karma and do it again I know you're
gay yes that's right we're in Florida
Brian's editing Katie's cooking I'm
walking I'm talking Colin's dancin
Ellie's rocking the baby and Missy's
eating some macaroni and cheese do you
want some cream with those cookies is
that what you just said I've got to show
you what Colin's doing out here he is a
magician he is he is the creme de la
creme he is let me shine some light on
your parade here Oh Susanna and on the
flip to so I'm a man on the
flippety-flip oh my gosh guys this is
what we're doing tonight this is what
we're doing we are in Florida for the
next few days and i am so excited i'm
excited for you guys to see what we're
doing i'm excited to do those things
that you can't see it's gonna be a lot
of fun make sure you guys check out
Brian and Missy and Colin and Katie I'll
have their links down below this is
gonna be an awesome week I hope you guys
are ready we'll see you tomorrow but
already y'all aren't ready no no no no
whoa hey
like Oh see you guys
by
