one two three Oh word oh well oh wow hey
there's looking down so why all right
that is really don't have a bad design
no I won't have a bad hair day no nobody
or days
what does a lion say good morning guys I
cannot believe how refreshed I feel
already because guess what Brian and
Missy are taking Jackson for a couple
hours so that Jared and I could go home
and rest and see could be he and we are
so excited but Jackson had an accident
I'm a little worried me go to the
doctor's Jared Jackson what'd you do
buddy
hey no wonder you're a little sad so I
think maybe right in this you're gonna
take him to the doctor's first and then
they're gonna go to the bookstore so
good luck with that
okay okay you caught us Jackson doesn't
need to go to the doctor we were just
having breakfast and he got strawberries
all over his aunts strawberries all over
his pants but it is nice of Bryan and
Missy to grab Jackson font from us for a
little while so we can get some errands
done and get sit and rest and clean
around the house and get everything done
that would be a little bit more
difficult if Jackson was there so thank
you Brian MSE for being so courteous to
take Jackson and honestly I think it's
fun because gives Jackson someone to
play with gifts always someone to play
with and they're gonna have a lot of fun
so Missy and I were just on the couch
all the kids are safe and she's like oh
I think he'd just like world over half
his head he was a little over here and
he he kind of rolled over you're sick in
your tummy you were dreadful tummy time
Calvin hi mister I party all night
you party all night yeah that's why
you're yawning is because you're up oh
but you're so sweet and cute you're so
cute and you're gaining weight I picked
him up today and I thought I think he
like is going through a little girl
spurt and he's just wanting to eat more
so I think you're growing some of you
guys may already know but my
rather Matt and Emily were just about to
announce that they were going to have a
baby that they were pregnant they just
put up a blog about it
but things don't seem to be going in
their favor the doctor says that they're
probably 99% sure that the miscarry so
um you know this is a hard time for a
lot of people I know a lot of you guys
have gone through similar experiences
but this was Emily's third miscarriage
in a row and I know it doesn't get any
easier
anytime that you go through this but do
you guys want to go show them some love
and support I'll have their channel link
down below but just let you know Matt
and Emily we're thinking about you we
love you very much
and you guys mean the world to us and
you know at this time you know we're
setting our thoughts and prayers your
way oh but wait what is your fortune say
again it said you will soon be honored
by someone you respect Oh Missy I've
been meaning to talk to you for a while
you know I'm glad you're here at our
house because this has been on my mind
quite some time you as a human being
embody this solid amazingness and I just
want to take the next you're making your
five minutes and honor you
Missy laning by rubbing your feet right
here by Bryan rubbing your feet thank
you Brian
for getting that suggestion that fortune
was so when you look back yeah so I
think you what I think I think it's
pretty clear that Missy respects me I
think I'm a very well-respected person
especially in this household the people
that are here
wouldn't you say Ellie oh this is the
great phone hunt of 2015 Ellie has
misplaced her phone but I have her Apple
watch and we're trying to ping it so if
you listen very closely I can hear it
can you guys hear it
Ali said she might have left it in the
garage but no it sounds upstairs let's
go upstairs let's ping it again look
solver it's getting warmer I hear it
we're very close it's it's in the
rocking chair it's in the rocking chair
I've got to get all this stuff off get
out of here
got it
where's his where's his nose baby
where's his nose where's kelvins nose um
right here
yeah tell his nose hey is this his ears
look this his ears yeah do you like him
um do you like him you starting to like
him more and more and you're being more
comfortable around him and you're being
soft
Calvin he's been doing so much better
with some tiny time be really soft
Jackson huh Calvin has been doing so
much better with tummy time lately
ah my friend yo clogged it no keep on
clogging till the end
I know toilet can stop me cuz I love his
only been clogged two times and I'm
gonna end it there
we have ventured down to Ellie's mom and
dad's house where we can jump and jump
and jump and jump some more we've got
the jumps Jackson key jump Oh bunk
he's like a rodeo Hilo Oh bucking bronco
right there he's a bunker Bronco Brian
and Missy leave tomorrow so we figured
we make the trip a little bit shorter
and kind of cut it in half so they
didn't have to drive all the way
tomorrow morning cuz our flight is like
at what time tomorrow they have to leave
like at 5:00 in the morning so early so
we're making the trip a little bit
easier for them and we're gonna have
dinner with the whole family it's gonna
be a lot of fun oh you got your rocks
let's go eat Jackson jump jump jump 90
bucks to be here the plane there it is
do you see it all the way over there you
see the plane Jackson loves plane so
much every time he hears him
huh-huh-huh-huh-huh
any point stone it's the cutest thing
ever Ready Set ahhh boom boom boom boom
hey Tara
hey yoki go get grandpa go get him he's
like no I'm going for the champ alene go
Ollie go go go ah silly Willy how he's
going on run run run run run run we're
just grabbing some last minute pictures
because aunt Sonia and mom are gonna do
something
special special yeah I definitely think
it's special they're gonna they're gonna
yeah tell us yeah he's been living with
the momma for a while you guys have seen
her and your hairs hair was to here now
it's to here in the last week it's
pretty much it's just coming out no I
wanted to save her vacuum I'm doing this
all for the bad these two sisters are
gonna have their hair cut they're gonna
shave their heads and she I guess I've
got full support because she's it's just
hang on but you know what's fun is
Dingley earrings super trooper yeah so
you guys you're not too funny anyway
earrings fancy bandanas yeah Dennis yeah
yeah Oh eyebrows sorry son I'm just
gonna do it - yeah not that biggest okay
so before we do this mom was Tom Brian
how her hair was and dad's hair was when
they got married a mom's hair was clear
to her but and look at my parents
wedding picture look at dad's curly
black hair a lot of people ask of
Ronnie's hair is natural bonnie has
natural dark curly hair nose she gets
after dad look at all that hair and look
that's mom and that's her mom and I
didn't have flowers in my hair
yeah and then I found these pictures in
the cupboard and I don't think a Sonia
has seen him yet but mom has this is my
mom's mom and that is when she had
cancer and look she lost her hair - what
kind of cancer - grandma hath multiple
myeloma and they gave her a year real
yeah when and this was Wow gosh 35 years
forty years ago mm-hmm but she lived 23
years with that mm-hmm and now they even
do better than my own it's like crazy
long way so grandma will be watching you
guys today get any haircut don't you
think sure warm heaven last spring in
March I was got a routine colonoscopy
well actually I've been having some
stomach pains had a colonoscopy and I
woke up to the doctor telling me I had
cancer colon cancer colorectal cancer
and so there's really not a whole lot
you can do other than just carry on go
to the doctor find your doctors and find
someone who will take a care of you and
I was in Arizona for some time and
things weren't working out too great and
the cancer spread went to more of a
category 4 instead of a category 2 which
I started out as but um my sister here
and my husband
Oh Michael and my sister Jennifer uh
came up with an idea of coming to this
doctor here in Utah and so my sister was
generous enough for me to come live with
her for a little while and um the doctor
that we have is wonderful here he's he's
like a father to me he's he's just
wonderful and I have a lot of confidence
and a lot of faith that I will be okay
I I know how we father watches out for
each and every one of us and I just have
this feeling that I'm going to be okay
but with it comes a lot of you know ups
and downs valleys and peaks and but I've
got a lot of great support from all of
you I really appreciate all of your
support and my husband and my sister and
my brother-in-law I feel like I've had a
blanket over me I just feel like I'm
being watched after very well so I don't
know in a nutshell I just have to say to
anyone who is going through this to hang
in there with me you can do it and we
can all do it and just need to have
faith how do you feel now how do you
guys feel loved if you like it powered
like I'm in control um not just the
answer it kind of put me in control the
driver's name right here you guys look
great you really do look great
well there you have it guys thank you
for joining us in this journey of ups
and downs thank you guys again for
watching have a wonderful day and we'll
see you guys tomorrow bye
member
