good morning the baby's here
say hi Calvin Davey you sleep it look at
those oh he's being so soft good job
Holly can you say oh can you kiss him on
the head give him a little kiss give me
kiss oh that's nice like he's he's like
bro yeah boy it's funny like there's an
overnight change like a Jackson he's
like oh like I have more responsibility
I need to disappear out there brother
Ellie's upstairs so Missy really really
wants to hold the baby I guess I have to
lay bebe's a day and you got small the
dingo H oh babe any smaller yeah he
doesn't have a blanket so now it's just
like his little he's just a little guy
I had a friend Kyle he had him and his
wife just had a baby nine pounds I'm
like how long is it gonna take before
Calvin gets to nine pounds like that's a
good size eight pounds and a size seven
shoe his feet barely fit in here this is
good but the rest of his body is like oh
wow there's lots of room to grow he's
good we're gonna have to cut holes so
his toes can poke poke out you guys we
did it we did it
yes we did the boys are asleep
Calvin is fed he is just like zonked
dude look at him he likes to keep that
one eye open yeah have you noticed that
he keeps that one I do that's this thing
yeah
hey Jarrod I'm gonna be honest what's up
smell amazing
I would like my eyebrows back but tell
them to see what you're wearing this is
um Bath & Body Works white Rapids white
really River something blue it's called
whites on top of us I like the lot so
that's good um so here's what I'm
thinkin once the kids wake up we'll
probably grab some lunch
get ourselves and our bellies full and
then we're gonna take the kids we're
gonna go buy some arctic white water
wrapping that's right we're gonna take
the kids we're gonna go play okay yeah
happy excited
you know it's sad when Jerry yells help
and Bryan's dry heaving and yelling help
oh and that was the next level without
so napkin it was so bad that Jackson
yeah you get bad it was like a volcano
rupture hey guys you having fun you
having fun playing outside Jackson are
you showing Olly where all the rocks are
yeah that's what you're doing this is so
fun to have a little play time you know
outside before we go and do some more
fun play activities I'm so excited
the place where we're gonna go is going
to be really cool I'm excited to these
guys to see I can't wait to see their
reaction I have a goal in life this
might be a lofty goal but I feel like
we're getting there my goal in life is
to have a house that is as smart as Tony
Stark's house with Jarvis or like really
more like the Disney smart house you
know dude I hear oh smart house yeah do
you remember that I remember that movie
that was dope I think this is gonna help
me get there I just got this in the mail
and I'm really excited about it Wow look
at that
hey do you know what this is this I
don't know what it is this is a
do-it-yourself home security system so
as you guys know summertime is like
really high professed it's a lot higher
in the during the summer time and with
traveling and stuff that we do we just
want to make sure our house is a little
bit more protected more secure like we
got that doorbell and that's been
helping a lot but we want something
that's like really good for the inside
of the house and that's why we got this
Piper and be the envy stands for night
vision night vision
I'm really excited I'm going this up and
I want to try it out so I got the backup
batteries installed and I'm just going
to plug it in for power and then put the
stand back on setup is complete
that looks cool bro I know well so now
now I'm going to do is I have to
download the app on my iPhone you can
also do it on Android too if you need
okay so I got the app downloaded and I
just created a free account and now
we're just connecting it to Wi-Fi so it
can do all the magic oh my gosh look at
that isn't that incredible
that's me can you see me waving hi and
look check this out
you can zoom and pan mmm
wait can you guys see my bald spot I'm
not even joking you can see my bald spot
right there isn't that so cool and I
guess if you even have you can have door
sensors and window sensors that if one
of them opens you can get like notified
that's cool and it even does more than
that it does like temperature and
humidity settings this thing is like
incredible you can have different modes
for like when you're traveling when
you're at home when you're like on a
quick trip away this is the dashboard
right here so you can see the
temperature it's adjusting and then the
humidity and everything and all of these
are the different modes so if I want to
be like traveling oh I have to set up
the rules so you can even set up rules
this is I'm like geeking out right now
Ellie this is so exciting it has a 180
degree camera and it has a hundred and
eight decimal 105 decibel alarm so if
the door opened and I don't want it to
the alarm will go off and it'll notify
me and tell me when I far far away so
this is not only $279 but if you go to
get Piper comm slash Ellie and Jared you
guys can get $25 off and that's the best
part is it's it that's it there's no
monthly fees Ellie and I hate monthly
fees like you know happen every month
this is one and done you pay for it and
you get it and they're actually even
doing a giveaway if you go to the
website they're doing a giveaway so you
guys can get one of these awesome night
vision home security do-it-yourself
systems it also includes like up to a
thousand
clips of free cloud reporting so you
guys can see and record different things
on it I'm so excited I'm geeking out
Ellie this is amazing this is the only
thing Jared's ever wanted so like I get
Cal so there you go we're one step
closer Jerry Kelly thank you for letting
me get this it's a good thing I have
like ten hands to help me out all yours
is one of them has been actually has
been so helpful like playing with
Jackson but I'm babywearing Calvin
Bryan's got Jackson and Jared is
finishing up some work in the car and we
are going to the wiggle worm I've never
been here but I think it's gonna be
really fun for the kids it's like this
huge new discovery place for the kids so
I got a watch I'm walkin say we're going
but we could be headed into some
warehouse where they're going to kill us
yeah this doesn't look very flattering
we'll see I don't even know from the
right spot Calvin what do you think of
the Sun nice and warm getting your
vitamin D oh I think this is it
is this it oh it's number five well
Justin's in there yeah yeah you guys
hold on tight cuz you gotta watch out
for each other yeah we have the next few
days you guys got to be pals why aren't
we playing cute I don't know but they
are so cute he's like it you two oh
I love kids I love our kids and love
babies I love our life this is just
really fun having friends here it is a
Friday afternoon and we have this whole
place to ourselves we're at the wiggle
worm and this is seriously so fun the
kids can play wherever they want there
they can go on there and play hey come
here Brad come here
come down the slide you know you want to
your turn yeah can you climb up now come
down oh good yeah alright guys we're
here at the place and I see a racetrack
here there's definitely a racetrack with
some lights Ellie about time you and I
settle the score okay okay let's go to
the starting line and we're gonna race
oh no ma get set go
what are you doing come get my back come
on
Oh two three do you wanna see a magic
trick
sure okay I need your help though okay
will you help me charge or hold them no
I want I want you to help me with the
magic yeah I just need your verbal
consent that everything is you're gonna
you're okay with what I'm about to do
go are you guys ready to see this magic
trick ready here we go
one two three look how cute my family is
Jackson just called up here he just was
wanting to come home yeah he totally
climbed up and was like oh put his head
right and nuzzling right here that was
knocked his head over here
and Ali's not gonna look it's my kid in
a box
dude as soon as we get here Jackson is
reaching for dayun like he's a long-lost
brother or something like that you don't
even know look at he's looking at your
little yeah that's cool how's it going
dude good crazy
it's good this son yeah it is it's good
scene yeah you too
I thought it'd be cool to try this out
and see what happens if I break into my
own house I've got vacation mode
settings turned on and let's walk in and
see what happens
ah okay I think a word what just
happened le I'm not telling you what
does happen she okay so this is what
happened hello a king ah wait does it
smell
does it smell in here and here's what I
was like yeah what happened she's like
Jared I used poo pourri I close the
bathroom door I closed the bedroom door
I turn on the fan and I still stunk up a
whole upstairs
that is the power my wife it's just so
funny that this is the same vlog of
Jackson like nearly killing us yeah yeah
where do you think he get the phone I
was just thinking it tomorrow is day
five on my hair my gosh my hair in like
five days revisits like I either brush
my teeth and put makeup on or I wash my
hair and I was thinking tomorrow I'm
probably not going to either
you're desolate my dry shampoo so I can
throw my makeup because it's one or the
other and that's that's what's gonna
happen tomorrow so jared is rockin or /
dancing Calvin to sleep and I think
we're gonna go ahead and say goodbye
under the river dance
titi titi titi titi titi titi
Calvinist three weeks old Calvin's three
weeks old two days so thumbs up for
Calvin being funny
three weeks old today let's get a cake
for the party we got a cake we got a
cake you guys so much for watching today
I had so much fun watching Jackson plays
a little bit the worm place today and
Ollie I'm sure you guys have if you guys
do not know who Brian and Misty are and
Ollie and little baby and we'll only wow
you guys don't know their name go check
out their channels you don't find that
the V
his name links down below we'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
