what what in the world what in the world
is going on oh my gosh
good morning everyone today Ellie and I
are cleaning up I feel like it's been a
long time since we've just been in our
house we've been at Ellie's parents
house we've been at Bonnie and Joel's
house but now we're finally home and we
can get some things done we've got some
things that we need to organize we've
got some things that clean up so that's
what we've been doing the entire morning
one thing that's very important though
one thing that's been going on that I
need to fix
Jackson has graduated he's graduated
from hair ties and he's onto this thing
but he can figure out how to get that
thing off
so he's graduated even further he
skipped elementary he skipped junior
high in high school he's on to college
he's on to college so I've got to
install these little clippings now
sometimes I don't even I don't even know
if I know how to get into the gorge with
these so I've got to install these today
Ellie's cleaning upstairs and Jackson
and Calvin are taking a nap hey buddy
hi are you excited to see me come here I
want to show you what I've done what she
wouldn't get home dude gotcha okay let's
take a look and see what that is done
whoo it cleans up rather nicely in here
doesn't it oh I'm not sure if you guys
saw what it looked like before but it
was pretty much seen here it's been a
while
oh are you panting like a dog you want
to see the doggies they're actually cows
oh you see him see him Jack Attack here
let's see what dad's done cool let's go
get dad okay Jared I want you to try no
filets just try can you open it Oh child
he was able to get the other one on good
yeah Kate let's head out we gotta go get
a few groceries because I think some
friends are coming up your friends
coming over there you didn't tell me
about
I guess our friends are coming over
Jackson come say hi he's been talking to
Calvin all day what's what's in here huh
what's in there yeah baby John get the
baby say hi to the baby he's been saying
hi to Calvin all day yeah you've been
saying hi to Calvin all day hon you're
rocking him whoo whoo what do you think
of Calvin you're warming up to him yeah
all day today I've been cleaning in
Calvin was on the couch earlier and
Jackson was talking to him and saying hi
and you were being soft with them
yeah Calvin you did good last night - he
slept so good didn't he
last night Calvin was so he ate it like
9:30 and then he ate it 2:30 2:30 and
seven six three him like six yeah he did
really good I can't remember because I
so tired still but you did so good
you're growing up so big your heads
getting big like it's like in Thunder we
crazy oh look who it is bad
you say hi to ollie oh they'll warm up
to each other put it to our turn you
guys can that it's a love pad these kids
are gonna have so much fun together I
remember that class gosh he's like he's
working upstairs he's filing his last of
it a little bit of paperwork he's not
really scored yaksas yeah those are
coming up soon he's got to take care of
that stuff oh my goodness oh okay well
they're looking at Calvin look how cute
these do are hi Holly oh is that your
ball you look so cute I'm just so
excited to see you Oh Jackson you got
his milk yeah are you guys sharing
drinks soft drinks
smells so good
so you just love the new baby smell yeah
I've got a couple air fresheners yeah
yeah baby smell until ours cause you got
he's gonna be at Target you didn't do
and was on prime you know target is
pretty reputable so I think that'll be a
he we've never caught okay he'll smile
and asleep and everything yeah
wow you guys I still think I'm pregnant
I don't think you're pregnant
I really felt like I can't do that I
feel like I'm pregnant
yeah can you believe there's going to be
four youtube boys that's crazy that's
crazy okay you want the ball join me to
open it for you this is like the mother
lode of balls I have to tell you one
thing Jared this morning said Ellie I'm
gonna wear it anything you say no I'm
gonna wear my cat shirt however much you
spent $4 $10 at Walmart it actually is
his favorite shirt like he knows there
are days that I have to tell I really
would like you to not wear that just
because like maybe we're gonna take
pictures well it's like it's like one
chore that fits really well
he knows long yeah who knows from
Walmart
it's amazing quality everyday struggle
are you guys having fun yeah yeah yeah
yeah
just like cornered always like no get up
Jackson get him get Olly
get him he's like winding up well knob
Jackson will not have to go outside I'll
play with rocks all by himself because
guess who is here to play oh you could
play with rocks are you so excited he's
here now they both can go and play with
rocks all they want how fun is that now
he has a little a little rock buddy
well guys that wasn't really fun to have
Brian omits to come by and see baby
Kelvin what a fun surprise I know there
was kind of last-minute super
last-minute yeah it was really fun to
have them come we always talked about
going to visit each other but it you
know it's never pans out but yeah my
things are the best we're gonna go ahead
and say goodbye Brian and Missy went to
their hotel to rest for a little bit
freshen up
we're gonna end the vlog I'm gonna I'm
gonna like get ready for bed I'm just a
little Calvin right here because she's
being so good not yes let's face
you you need to mute okay guys see you
tomorrow like always and stick around
because Brian and Miss you're gonna be
here for a few days so this is gonna be
really fun lots of fun vlogs coming your
way stage boom for the next episode of
Ellie and Jared goodbye you're burning a
very Oh
