all right what's the magic number
Chevonne inches for you huh let's see 20
and a third twenty and a third you're
growing Calvin is for 19m one in 1/3
inch whoo
mmm-hmm all right well shame on me they
weighed in at 6:14 and I was kind of
like but the doctor was like nope that's
really good we want to see him back at
their birthday and he goes you guys are
above and beyond that so Kelvin you my
cream is working yeah I agree man it's
so good
yeah well you look good you look healthy
oh so let's go home and take a nap so I
just finished uploading the video got
all the annotations done and then I
looked at the one year ago video and I
thought this was so crazy because Shay
talks about this all the time exactly
one year ago yesterday we went
four-wheeling and I had a little
accident it wasn't a big deal but I
crashed a four-wheeler but we went
four-wheeling yesterday we went
four-wheeling and it was so crazy it's
just like we did not plan that it was
it's just so crazy how it matches up but
I was just thinking I was like wow like
this is so cool because she talked about
this all the time like he sees it all
the time and I was like oh well that's
total coincidence but no like it it
actually happened I'm I'm so excited to
see how our years match up this this
coming summer I'm excited are you
excited I'm excited for not sleeping all
night this kid sure has a lot of energy
he's out there playing with all the kids
or I think he's just playing also oh
hello Jared
but seriously how cute is he he's just
out there playing with all the kids
would I get uncle and you're a good
uncle - you're gonna go hey hey
oatmeal cream pies Oh Oh me
Oh feel is good for all those good for
breastfeeding ha ha three boxes of our
oh yes I will have 10 of them what do
you want to do you want go find you
uncle spider okay - oh good one Wendy oh
good so my uncle chair huh one two three
spin chair chair boy how q are you he's
doing a little spider action I'll grab
on yeah that last two chooses like mom I
want you off the swing and I want to do
a buy myself something today's is I keep
thinking that I'm pregnant
like I just now I was swinging and I was
getting really high and in my head I
thought I don't want to get to Ikes I
don't want to have to I don't want my
stomach to hurt when I like pump because
I remember when I was pregnant and I had
a big stomach it would kind of hurt if I
pumped but now I can go as high as I
walk so it's not going to hurt when I my
pump my legs back of course kind of
funny huh but I then I did something
Earl
yeah I'm not pregnant anymore and then I
did something yesterday I don't remember
where I was but I just I was like oh but
I'm not pregnant I can do that so it's
so weird to not be pregnant I feel like
I'm still pregnant okay ready
oh darn it okay let's go again or no
that was my before that was like six oh
I got it gotta go I'm nine in darkness
oh man that was high intensity okay if
we could do it under that pressure ha ha
ha hit the power boy oh that's good
you feeding the baby Ellie Olivia are
you getting ready to feed your baby tou
cover enough
that's so cute did he give me this yeah
she came over with her towel oh yeah oh
that's so that's so cute I love you
we're up here in the mountains of Utah
we have some targets set up here but the
boys are going to do a little shooting
safety first we've got eyes and ears
right ice ears no mouth and nose there
you go two and one did you see that he
did two in one shot awesome that was
awesome it was cool I was hoping we get
one of those oh yeah well there you go
well Calvin how are you doing are you
tired
you ready for a nap you look so
frustrated whoa oh let's put you down
for the nap okay you look so handsome
they're just rehearsing
hi it's just scary eyes alrighty guys
mission accomplished I've got some corn
if you guys are ready to eat I've got
some corn Oh otter pops my mom comes mom
marker stop Joe got the propane tank
filled I got this one on the cob Joel
have some awesome ribs on the smoker
I've got to show you these ribs we've
got probably like an hour or so left
before they're all the way done
let's go sneak peek man oh man look at
the meat I wish you guys could smell up
I wish you could smell it cuz it's so
good
hey mama how are you good how's our
little boy doing he's good good thank
you thank you Karen it's good to be in
the cool house that does it's been it's
been amazing outside it's been really
really nice the kids have been loving
like playing in the pool haven't they
did we even talk about his little
appointment today like how much he
weighed and how long he was and yeah
good he's doing yes it makes me a proud
mama oh yeah
makes me feel like I'm doing my job yes
you are you're doing great I am you know
I water and he's good my oatmeal in the
morning so that you will have cream to
drink I have to crane to one club - we
better go through it the other s'matter
go through it we made it good job look
there's a fence this kid is out hunka
den he's got his head back in his mouth
open he is exhausted he's had a lot of
fun hanging out with his cousins napping
with his cousins pooping with his
cousins all these things with this
cousins
what we got the water boiling hey there
drop into your corn in there I'm anxious
to have these ribs roll got the corn
some ribs potato here's a secret for you
guys who are you know cooking corn on
the cob don't put salt in the water
don't just grill and normal water put
sugar in the water
just a little bit of sugar makes it
and crispy it's
well the kids are in bed and now the
adults get to enjoy their delicious meal
Thank You doll Thank You Joel very very
much for the ribs and Bonnie you made
some sort of sweet potatoes or did
you'll do that job in potatoes Joel oh
man it's a joint effort you can do it
and I can help
what's that we know what's that mom it's
shake and bake and I helped this is so
good all right guys yeah thank you guys
for watching have a wonderful evening
and we'll see you guys tomorrow I will
see you tomorrow bye
