good morning guys we finally made it
back home from Grandma's house after
like several days of her house we were
at Bonnie's place and we are not done
partying yet with my sister that has
come in from town her and her husband
are in medical school
Jackson is just watching Olivia go on
the four-wheeler he's loving it here I
think Joel is what is he doing smoking a
pizza smokin joel is smoking look at
that they're smoking a pizza for lunch I
think the boys are gonna go
four-wheeling is that your plans for the
day ma'am yes ma'am yeah we sure this
real quick come on over follow me this
way I've got a few things to show you
okay this is one you're gonna ride it
smells so good so we've got the two
awesome machines what are these 900 850
850 so we got two eight oh look at these
we've got the gun rack here look at this
see on that this is that look so nosy
Joe's new machine Charlie's got that
Jules Jules taking this one here Ali
okay take this one here I was taking
this okay
and this one's my machine who the 300
Ivo blue yeah
got some scholars together hey I like
this I used to drive this week my dad
would take us camping every summer to
the boulders is what they call it and I
rode this up one time and it's a B so
you'll have fun when Joel complains
about seem like they're too little I'm
like broke I like offends me oh yeah
this was our you see growing up like
cool girl
Benny I see cuz girls are just gonna
kind of hang out while the boys go
four-wheeling we're gonna kind of rest I
like history Calvin you guys will see
him hey Cal he's asleep in Jackson once
again is just running around this is so
fun I love summer well this is fun
already look at all these kids chowing
in on these healthy snacks yeah
so delicious I love the camera this is
so fun summer part in like alright this
can't get any better don't you even
think about it
don't you even think about Olivia don't
don't you even think about it take those
thoughts out of your mind and put them
so that you can't give you in the water
I'm faster than your water your water
can't get good closer examination I
think ah ah ha ha ha yeah I think I
think it's fixed now good job Joe you
fixed it
I've been stuck in the vitamin D soak up
the Sun it feels good
all righty some of the kids are going
down for a nap and some of us are gonna
take these four-wheelers oh my gosh did
you just squirt me Oh as I was saying
before I was rudely interrupted some of
the kids are going to sleep some of us
are taking the four-wheelers out for a
ride and I think I'm going to try and
get some good GoPro footage I brought
the GoPro so let's see what we can get
with it while all the boys are going for
willing we got all the toddler's down we
just nursed her babies and guess what we
are doing
candy bar candy bar candy bars and all
the vegetables you saw earlier and now
we're eating the snacks but I still
cannot believe these kids these two or
six weeks apart I think is what I just
just when I figured look at you yes so
hands you are so handsome
Calvin seems so big I know look his
little head he loves his hands right
there he sleeps so good you little kids
are so cute so us mommies are gonna rest
for a little bit while the toddler's
sleep and the babies are happy but I get
like four more of these and then I'll
rest my eyes I just like close our eyes
friend maybe yeah yeah agreed
I'm so glad you're here Julie people
think that we're twins seriously in the
video today everyone's like I can't tell
them apart I'm not gonna lie you did
make me a little jealous cuz people
always say need and I look like and then
Julie comes in the picture I really look
like an idealist I mean you sound alike
and that's been that way for a long time
yeah mmm all of our laughs all laugh
Jackson Jackson let's go get five Dean
Jackson Jackson Jackson let's go boys -
Whitney Lee Lee Jackson get over here
Oh watch it what about well that was
anti-climatic Jack Moran back that way
- good morning all the babies napped and
I feel really rested I'm so glad we
closed our eyes I feel so good that was
amazing okay farm like it's after me and
not Jarrod I'm over here like I'm gonna
do oh oh
so relaxed now you go find it yeah hi
hey buddy
when are the boys coming home I go let's
all go here sure okay oh we're hurting
them like cats the arms what our boys
are still slee yeah well yeah well we
just got back from four-wheeling and we
had a blast and we come home and the
girls are sitting right here on a
blanket and all the kids are just having
the best time ever in this little pool
you guys having fun
look at this this is so fun
man these kids have it great this is
summer vacation through and through
Jackson playing in the sandbox over
there when there's water over here
what's going on with that kid okay go
down the slide show us how it's done
with you
Jackson are you having a good time with
uncle Joel oh yeah yeah yeah that's the
right answer
look at these kids and their matching
swim diapers party pool party pool party
pool party poop Artie Oh pool party huh
huh
no pool party come on cut oh don't hit
me you got to get the ball come on if I
ran me over
yeah buddy all right got it
oh my gosh
okay it's okay breathe honey breathe
that's okay poor guy I think I think
scared you scared you Oh better no more
tears just took a little hug oh yeah
yeah oh now he's off to go played this
cousin's one cool gift that Bonnie got
for Mother's Day was a fire pit so we've
got the whole family out here we're in
the backyard and her gross and hot dogs
and we're gonna roast some marshmallows
you guys want some s'mores how come I
have s'mores by I'm a Danny yet you
can't have a fire without s'mores more
one
smart first you put first you take the
cracker now what is it first you take
the Mala Mala you put it on the stick
take the mall Oh put it in the fire take
them all off take the cracker put the
mollow on the crack or something like
that I don't know let me know
Landon what is it go Landon right now
right then all is flaming stick the
mollow on the ground
you Scott hey you Scott that's a lot
better than I did you brought me my Malo
here's your semi-cooked marshmallow hey
I look at this edge right here that is
that's perfection I think that looks
really good
okay guys I think that is the video for
the day so we will see you guys tomorrow
like always thank you for the wonderful
day Bonnie Thank You Jules Bonnie
bye bye and you'll love it okay but for
now yeah totally but in the meantime you
can use all of grandmas rocks and
grandpas look at Jack's ambassador dkz
he just thinks he is in like a crazy
forest like yeah all of Grandma
grandpa's huge trees that he is just
like wandering in he always comes over
here and like walks up this little path
my bend his eyes this is just you
