good morning hi this guy woke up a happy
camper
yes he did yeah I like Graham Jackson
slept in until 8:30 Calvin
woke up twice and I feel like we're
getting this thing down the kids are
sleeping we're sleeping I end up
learning the night routine oh yeah
because the past two nights he's done
the same thing and it's been wonderful
yes have you felt like you've gotten any
rest yes being up mom's has helped a lot
because like you've been able to work
and then mom's been able to let us pull
through it's just been so wonderful tell
me what just happened well I keep
putting in his mouth I check the boy and
then you wouldn't take a bite and toy Oh
Jackson wait now give it give it to him
give him his rocks oh yeah you'd be a
good boy oh did he eat her on oh that's
not a cereal look you be a good boy and
I don't there you go my gosh don't want
you putting those in your mouth he would
not take a bite of cereal until he had
his rocks in his hand what a little boy
you're just a little kid huh you're just
a little kid but I did what I don't want
you putting them in your mouth
no that's Hickey well Jackson it's got
to go right there okay and then it comes
all the way down to right here do you
think you can do it yeah you think you
can we've got to do this for Grandma
we've got to hang her rain chain
you
Jackson oughta put rocks in there
already well I think this is the way
that dad likes to have it done so we
just got this little hook right here and
then this attachment and just kind of
locks in right there and the rain falls
down I just put rocks and I'm so we'll
see Jack Sandler's oh well then that
rock bucket right there
goes at the bottom of it is it high
enough does it usually sit down like
that maybe I'll take this thing out yeah
we're still figuring it out dad's at
work so I'm you know he's the one who
does this usually I've never set this up
before I like it I think it's I think
it's perfect
dad you shouldn't have to touch this
ever hopefully maybe I don't know he
might okay Jackson tell you what the day
dad and I buy a house besides first
looking for a dog we will get you a rock
pit okay that's what we'll do we'll get
you a rock pit and you'll love it okay
but for now sandbox he wants a rock pit
yeah totally but in the meantime you can
use all of grandmas rocks and grandpa's
look at Jackson back there do you think
that he just thinks he is in like a
crazy forest like he has all of Grandma
grandpa's huge trees that he is just
like wandering in he always comes over
here and like walks up this little path
I bet in his eyes this is just huge like
this yard is just so big for this little
boy I mean it is a big yard but
especially for this little guy in his
eyes I can't imagine how fun he thinks
this is hmm so ever since just a couple
days ago do you guys remember this huge
grill that mom was grilling on she was
just doing so awesome well ever since
then we've been talking about it and I
think she's been talking a little bit of
smack to me even talking a little smack
well I just think I'm a better ruler
than anymore oh oh did you hear that she
thinks to use a better griller than me
well I'll tell you what this is where it
ends this is where it ends I'm gonna
show Mom how good I am
and I don't know if this is a ploy or
something but I'm going to cook lunch
for everyone on the grill
we're gonna have some hamburgers and hot
dogs but we've got to go get some stuff
first I'm gonna show you how it's done
mom yeah mono in New Zealand I see you I
see you I see you I see a big red ball
everybody now I see it I see it I see
yeah I see a big red ball we're here
targets because we have to get some very
important things for this grilling
competition that we're gonna have this
is I just I just have to say I feel bad
that there's not a target where we live
because this is the ultimate place to
get everything we need every time we
come down here we come here would you
say twice Harry Berry's meat
all-american grilling stuff Barry's car
I've got the paper towels Ellie go grab
diapers we've got the route I scream you
scream we all scream for ice cream
I scream you scream we all scream cry
scream those kids over there just all
looked at me and they're very sorrowful
one quick trip to Target and we got
everything we need for the ultimate
grilling showdown
are you ready mom summer vacation is
callin and grilling is the answer okay
the stage is set I've got everything I
need for the ultimate grilling
experience are you guys ready
the heat is on if you can't take the
heat get out of the barbecue well so far
we're looking pretty good I think mom's
got a run for her money
all righty guys are you enjoying your
meal you're enjoying your lunch we've
got our food over here everyone's having
a great time that's awesome because he
normally does on whether you're trying
to out grill your mother-in-law or you
just need a quick target run to get your
quick fix for your lunch and everything
check out the links below to target and
make this summer an awesome grilling
summer any meal I don't have to
that's true Cooper is six months older
than Jackson is that right yes and 20
pounds less and they are sub the cousins
are finally here a lot of you guys have
been asking Julie where do you go to
medical or what are you going to medical
school for years
Blandon and Julie Julie's my sister and
Julie I always say Julie's medical
school because she's pretty much as -
but lanham how do you like your giving
Landon enough good he's the one in my
house well she is - she's the one that's
okay Jackson is learning cuz he's Turkey
he hits the baby so anyway what are you
going to school for um be a doctor what
kind you don't know quite yet a good one
no the best one the best of the best
you really are Lana's would be an
amazing doctor hi did your dad give you
a doctor
you are yeah yep daddy's gonna be a
doctor look at these guys oh my gosh
he's playing he's real fasting with him
it's okay remember Jackson Cooper they
were so cute you're so cute smile smile
Lee Jackson loves it you're a good
little friend
oh you guys are breast fans huh how many
more puns can we come up with you guys
are the breast sisters ever oh look at
their little toesies oh that's cute
that's a that's a fun picture right here
yeah well yeah I mean you said you girls
are you have babies that are close to
nature just you know you know doing your
motherly duty we just talked about I'll
feed your baby here be huh look at him
go
swinging all by himself or at least
holding on by himself that's awesome
good job grandma he's not the greatest
oh you're gonna spiteful he's gonna go
forward yeah I don't think overs are sad
you are so big Porter the giant it's
Calvin your son little you're just so
teeny
so when Julie came into town she was
asking me she goes how are you feeling
emotionally is everything going well and
I was like yeah great and then I told
her today I said so I've been crying all
day I don't know why but I have and she
was like the first two weeks I feel like
you're just pure adrenaline I feel like
I live off of adrenaline and you can
you're supported you just have a baby
and then it all catches up to you and
you just cry over everything it's okay
yeah don't don't feel like you had to
keep it in like cry over the dumbest
thing so yeah I told her Isaac I don't
I'm not mad I've just been crying all
day I don't know why I like little
things that mean it right is okay though
yeah and that is so right like I have
been like going going like not going
busy because I've been resting a lot but
I've just been like you know toddler and
adrenaline and happy baby and happy and
maybe the lack of sleep and whatever has
caught up to me but I've been crying
okay well do you think all three of our
newborns miss us
yes Scott we we left our newborns and we
put our other toddlers down to bed that
way all of us girls could get out of the
house for like 20 minutes and run to the
store and look at clothes and baby
clothes we leave our babies to go look
at baby clothes but anyway we miss some
sluts head back so we can all have
another breastfeeding class and moms
living room I spread the past like three
days of all of us mommies that are
breastfeeding we sit in the living room
and like Kate boys all the kids go
outside while we feed our babies so
anyway if we got to go back and feed
them okay family
I think it's time we go home but we'll
see you guys in like a day or so right
yeah we're going to be partying all the
medical stopped our use your muscle I
want to turn it off haha okay I'll see
you tomorrow
see you guys it was fun we'll see you
guys in a little bit come back ok bye
Jackson
time y'all come back now oh that's cute
sweet that why are you waving bye
where's Cooper hi Cooper
bye Cooper
well we finally made it home safe and
sound
Ellie's upstairs with Jackson and I'm
hanging out with the Kelvin man himself
he is he is just out he is so sleepy
right now so that's what we're gonna do
we're gonna call it a night
Calvin's gonna sleep Jackson's gonna
sleep Ellie's gonna rest and I'm gonna
get to work with our family in town
we've got a lot of fun plans for the
next couple dates so I'm really excited
can't wait for you guys to see it thanks
for watching guys I hope you had a
wonderful day we'll see you guys
tomorrow bye
member
