wasn't that a nice surprise this morning
for a mom and dad to take Jackson so
that Jared and I could get ready where
you two go in oh we're gonna go outside
you get playing the dirt he's gonna play
with rocks uh-huh
I'm gonna just work around the yard
picked it up after yesterday's party
okay he's like no I don't want to sit
let's get going okay thank you have fun
go pet the dogs sounds good
well everything will be good I'm sure
hi ha like you have to rocks so that's
what he's been doing all day
was that dad's trash yeah
did I hear for him so my aunt Sonia is
here and she is kind of rocking Calvin
to sleep and we've been talking about
how much he looks like me don't you
think he looks just like me a lot of you
guys say he looks just like Jackson
which I think he does
of course cuz they're brothers but I
think that when Jackson was born it was
pure Mikko I mean he looked just like
grandpa Meachem and Jared but Calvin has
a different look to him I think he
really does look like me oh especially
yeah Rock him more I think that tomorrow
I'll have more time because we're just
going to relax here at mom's house for
Sunday so I'm gonna look at baby
pictures of me and I'll compare him to
all the kids but I think he looks a lot
like me look at these guys out here
Jackson's having so much fun of the
grandpa grandpa so nice to babysit while
we're getting everything figured out
with the video
that's so cute they're just tagging
along with each other
Ellie is cutting aunt Sonya's hair and
is gonna make it look so good and I am
uploading the video right now and mom is
rocking Calvin
yes we all have our chores for the day
in the front just a little bit more
because it'll get thin anyway so might
as well like a site beam though kind of
want to site B yeah if you want to
please do it it'll feel nice to have it
because it'll sit out she'd be nice just
you have a wispy let's do you got my
sweet little knees cutting my hair and
Hardy dabs I got all my Saturday chores
done are you done with yours oh well why
don't you come down I made you a
hamburger don't worry guys I need one
for me too and as soon as Ellie wakes up
I'm gonna make one for her oh I love
hamburgers they are so delicious well
that was kind of a fiasco wasn't it
Ellie we had quite the fiasco didn't we
both of these kids woke up with poopy
poopy poopy diapers you hear that a
polka hope you put the diaper firm on
and I came down and I was gonna grab the
camera but I missed it there was poop
there was poop yeah yeah
binky's clothes all had to be washed or
thrown away it was that intense like
we're just like this is this is this is
too much this is just way too much
congratulations Jackson's you're a
pooping machine that that thing does
work right here this guy does work okay
Ellie as promised I have made you a
hamburger and I've even thrown on some
cookies up for you thank you
oh you're trying to be so cute coz I've
got some food can you give me get
Dominic in yo Calvin a kiss
well he sees all the food yeah he's
distracted I tried to scare Jackson when
he was opening at my computer he knows
how to open it up now he's been watching
me too closely next thing you know he's
gonna start making Twitter status
updates anymore yeah oh yeah he can't
sign anymore can you no there you go can
you jump jump yeah
good say daddy daddy say daddy daddy hey
say daddy daddy
Hugo who's gone dad dad were you in the
you restroom I might have been resting
in the restroom yes what's it to ya
no give me kiss we just watched today's
vlog with our family and Eric yeah
today's vlog so if you guys didn't see
yesterday's vlog on my watch it was
really special yesterday was very soon
I'm glad that we loved it in a longer
video oh yeah and I treat it out I was
like this is soft this is gonna be a day
that we remember for a long time yeah
it's just so much fun hide and seek
go get him
you feel me do you go hide how are you
how are you doing he slept the best he's
ever slept last night after he fell
asleep at 1:00 a.m. and then he'd stuff
really good darn it I was totally gonna
do Marco Polo and you came right around
the corner that means yesterday we were
so busy that I totally forgot to mention
that I was my parents anniversary
yesterday so mom and dad happy
anniversary
one thing that I really really likes
about my dad every morning when he
dropped me off at school he didn't do it
all the time
or he didn't drop me off all the time
but what he did he said something every
single time without fail and these are
the words that he said bye Jared you're
wonderful you're marvelous you're
amazing you're incredible you're
fantastic unbelievable and you're
awesome so dad you and Mom you're
wonderful you're marvelous you're
amazing you're incredible you're
fantastic you're unbelievable and you're
awesome everyone in the comments down
below tell my parents that same thing
you're wonderful your mom was American
gobble effect is w Lhasa by how many
years since they've been married oh my
gosh 39 no it's more very just I saw the
39 years yeah
yeah 39 years happy and operations
ah I can't see you very well sing your
song oh this is your solo Calvin oh good
job music to my ears oh my goodness look
at all this water on the freeway oh yeah
now it's gone we didn't even get the
best part we were like three feet deep
we need to get an amphibious car Ellie
this is a monsoon we're this road is
about to turn into a lake hope you know
what I just remembered
you're turning into a cow well I feel
like we were just here not too long ago
is this familiar to you guys oh one of
my favorite things about going to
Ellie's parents house is almost every
night we're here we sit and we talk and
it's one of my favorite things about
their family and fat I remember like the
very first time we met it was it was
Blandon and Julie's wedding and I was
staying at my aunt's house who was just
a few blocks away but after the wedding
we all came over here and I came over to
because they gave me a ride home
and we just we just sat in the living
room and we talked for I don't know how
long like an hour or so
and I just like felt privileged to be
sitting in there with the family talking
and it was just so much fun but those
are these are like my favorite things is
just sitting and talking and enjoying
him but we had such an amazing time I
don't even know if we said we went to
dinner with some coems some old
co-workers some old co-workers invited
us to have dinner at their place and so
nice to catch up one of my favorite
things is at my old job as the people
that I worked with it was nice to catch
up and find out about what they've been
up to and all the kids that they're
having and everything it was great but
thanks for watching guys have a
wonderful evening
we'll see you tomorrow bye
