Jackson I need your help okay I need
your help and only you can help me okay
this is a mission just for you and usual
listen very closely
yeah this is very important you see
Jackson my phone fell behind the couch
look a little rock and I need you to go
get my phone okay and if you want to you
can even grab the rock too you see
yeah it's right down there yeah it's
right down there
okay go get it go get it buddy you can
do it you can do it can you get it can
you get it Oh keep going yet there it is
there it is
no Jackson you went right past it
Jackson can't wait yeah it's right there
go ahead and grab it
Jackson it's right there you can get it
yeah just pick it up
Jackson pick it up Jackson no that's it
pick it get it get it
Jackson you got to get it for me come on
man I thought we were buds Jackson oh
you got it oh thank goodness okay bring
it up bring it up good job thank you can
you say baby baby you say baby you like
him rockin whoo whoo you could take him
for a rollercoaster ride
can you rock him look Rock baby can you
rock him Hey Calvin's like please tell
him to stop Calvin how come you're awake
I thought that you'd be asleep because
you were awake all night long you were
awake all night daddy and I literally
did not sleep Jerrod ended up sleeping
on the rocking chair I was trying to get
Calvin to sleep in bed I kept nursing
him it was kind of a it was kind of a
rough night and you think it's funny you
think that's funny
how come you think that's so funny
he's going free right I guess this is
just something that babies do it's just
something fun okay Ellie we've got to
put on our you know adult pants and deal
with it a couple of days this may go on
forever
we'll see it was worth it because he's
cute but he really was can't you tell
I've got my adult pants on you like oh
my gosh
no I don't dance I do not like those
adult pants I do not like ya Jackson
agrees but really um I I feel exhausted
I forgot how draining breastfeeding can
be just like you're supposed to stay
hydrated and you're supposed to really
rest and I'm just really really tired
today but um it's okay maybe we'll all
take a nap later sound good
oh you're so cute fairy sounds like what
in the world is that funny Jax say your
brother oh look they're my adult pants
hey you saying I look at that oh so soft
good job careful good job oh he's
rocking the baby good job Bonnie you're
being so soft
I'm so proud of you how can you ever
doubt are you rocking him so you won't
cry holding Jackson so he won't cry get
in the video up also I can't brush my
teeth and through our thank you you're
welcome
this is just what you do as a bed I'm
doing three things at once I'm uploading
this video holding Jackson and rocking
the baby and looking cute do I do I get
gold stars yes and
so as you know Ellie didn't get like any
sleep at all last night
so I have taken the task upon myself I
have grabbed the two loudest people in
the house me and Jackson and we are
getting out of the house going on a
little walk maybe grab a little lunch
and then we're gonna go play we're gonna
have some fun aren't we Jackson Jackson
you've got your rocks and hand and
you're ready to go home bud we just want
to make sure mom can get all the rest
that she can get during the next little
bit so we're gonna go play we're gonna
have some fun kill some time so mama can
get some rest okay Jackson you can't
tell mom this is just a secret between
you and me but we went and got you some
chocolate milk you're gonna get
is that good do you like that
that's good stuff huh
okay Jackson let's do a quick little
inventory before we get too far away you
got your shoes you got your two rocks
you got your hat I think we're all set
did you have fun did you have fun eating
lunch with dad and playing in the
Playhouse I had fun it's so fun seeing
Jackson play in the Playhouse and then
interact with other kids he was like
playing tag he would see someone and
then run away and they'd look back and
be like oh are you gonna come get me why
aren't you coming to get me
come get me it'll be fun yeah weren't
you doing that huh I got Ellie a nice
little lunch and a nice little drink and
I'm gonna bring him back to her and
hopefully she's all done resting so she
can have some lunch too Jackson this is
very important we've got a long walk
ahead of us we got to stay hydrated okay
take a sip of this take a sip of that
get some electrolytes in yeah is that
good stuff it could be nice and cool
keep you hydrated we've got a long way
to go before we get home okay
whoa take it easy don't drink it all at
once dude we got to preserve that it's
gonna last us all the way home Ellie hey
what are you doing in here is she biting
your toes hey Jackson is she biting your
toes do you feel rested yeah I feel good
I just feel like I'm a new mom of a new
baby hi Cal we're cleaning your Chi
right now yeah I know Ellie there's a
couple very important things that we
need to talk about today Joan another
first one the first most important thing
is I can tell Calvin's getting better
bigger yeah because when I burp in I
don't need to use treatment you've
graduated to four fingers you can have
birth with four fingers yes and the
biggest thing is today is my official
due date you're due today I'm 40 weeks
pregnant I have to show you guys
something
technically Calvin is supposed to be
right here 40 weeks pregnant is that not
crazy that is crazy
he wouldn't sue me in my tummy is that
not insane
that's crazy the most tired but most
rewarding thing this week I think is
waking up at like 1:00 in the morning
and feeding Calvin like there's just
something about like waking up with a
brand-new baby and the whole house just
being really really quiet and just
feeding your new baby
it's just kind of I like that so you're
doing with Calvin today gentlemen oh you
can go watch my birth video that is
definitely not how it way
I mean Calvin didn't come up and bi up
your top no no Jackson come here rod and
Jackson are crazy
Calvin they're crazy no okay so that's
that was the important thing number one
that we wanted to talk about Ellie's due
date is actually today it's pretty crazy
but we have Calvin here and I feel like
to me yeah I feel so blessed and I feel
so grateful that we have Calvin with us
right now he's you know crying and wake
a lot but he's loved
he's so loved and it just you know we're
family for now and I feel very special
you know but thing number two that we
want to talk about is this summer we
have a lot of conventions that we're
going to in the very first one actually
no not the very first one but one that I
think is really cool and important to us
is one called CVX live that's here in
Utah
guys there's a convention here in Utah
and we're going to it it's August 7th
and 8th and I'm gonna have a link to it
down below for you guys to get tickets
you guys can come and meet us
yeah there's gonna be a bunch of awesome
youtubers there Stuart edge studio C
glozell Brooklyn & Bailey
there's
Davee yeah there's gonna be a ton of
people there and we want you guys to
meet us and you might even get to see
this little guy here and he might even
be awake for you he's like look guys
don't bother me I'm asleep I'll have a
link to it down below be sure to check
it out CVX live calm but I'm gonna have
a special link just for you guys to
where you can get exclusive stuff from
us maybe some merch you know all of
these things just for you guys
be sure to check the description down
below if you guys are close to Utah or
want to come to Utah you need to come to
this because it's so cool and we want to
meet you guys that's the biggest thing
is we want to meet you guys
that's why I think conventions are so
much fun is because we get to see the
people that are behind the comments
every single day and we know who you
guys are
we read the comments every single day I
know we can't reply to them all the time
but we read them all the time and it's
it's the best part about YouTube is the
community the interaction and these
conventions add a whole number a whole
nother level to it and it makes us you
know that much closer together so check
it out I'm excited and you guys should
be too ok guys before we end the vlog I
feel like we need to get a little bit
more a baby Calvin in here by just 2
weeks two weeks ago I went into labor
with you at Walmart two weeks ago I had
crazy back pain we did two weeks ago kid
and I cannot believe what a blessing he
and Jackson have been in our lives I
cannot even believe it he is growing up
already like two weeks and like he just
feels like thicker of a baby I don't
know what they're doing they're so goofy
okay well anyway guys I think that
Calvin and I Jax and Jared are gonna say
goodbye oh look at that long look at the
long run
say goodbye Calvin love you goodbye see
you tomorrow
