Jackson I have to tell you something I
guess I know our house kinda stinks
because we're kind of messy look Calvin
I have to say the first time all week
Calvin peed on me today he got on the
bed so I had to like undress it and they
need a wash they're drunk on the bed I
have to wash the sheets I have seriously
like so much laundry to do and that is
stinks that is full of like 30 diapers
and whoo I don't know what else is in
there but it reeks I need to take that
out actually I'll have Jared take it out
but anyway
you found my water is that it fun
Jackson is just helping me kind of get
the morning going and coming you still
awake
good morning you're still awake you look
so different
his looks are changing so much guys I
Jackson and I are kind of getting ready
today and I put him in the swing and he
fell asleep but looks like you're kind
of awake now
so Sam texted me yesterday and was like
hey Jared do you want to do this virtual
5k with me you know we did the
NordicTrack thing together race to race
virtual og is not even just a 5k it's a
freakin race well so Google is gonna be
there it's just you know this
relationship that Icahn fitness and
Google's had and we just pulled up and
there there's a ton of people here and
it's outside right next to the highway
so this is gonna be interesting
I got not I'm not sure if I'm prepared
for this physically and emotionally hey
hon where's your treadmill I really
think that we should do like doubles or
something there's not enough 10 mils
we'll just split it up yeah yeah we'll
taxi that's what we'll do
I can't do it I can't do it
supposedly they're gonna land that
helicopter just right over here say hey
what's up dude they're gonna land a
helicopter and something's gonna jump it
out of it and then we're gonna start
racing like they're bringing the
freaking power couple I think that might
be it
that might be the bird that they're
landing here oh geez that clock is
counting down and as closer gets to zero
the more nervous I'm get I've never run
a 5k before oh she's going on the run
Erica
while I was feeding Calvin Jackson was
making a mess over here all of the
q-tips come on come help me come over
here you usually do a good job
look help me clean up clean up put them
in here okay pick up those q-tips and
help me clean up good job
clean up put him in here good job
well I got my bucket how'd you do oh no
Sam
what were your results did you pull
hammy baby she three times as fast as I
did meet you yeah I got to a mile before
she finished a 5k done early let's know
she's just that fast
so that was pretty crazy we just ran a
5k more or less right we did the full
five days perhaps we ran 30 miles yeah
it was a half marathon or something like
that yeah we did it really fast though
that's that's all I remember is we just
cut through this is the Google truck the
Google bus and they're letting me honk
the horn just say where the horn would
be okay hey you guys ready for this
sorry I bet are they mad at me sorry
hey hey what you want to go fly the bird
the nerd bird I'm so excited Sam who's
gonna show me this and I can't wait this
is like permit no I'm like a kid in a
candy store
grab on to it dude he just sits there
like this like mesmerized by it
dude Jackson loves helicopters like
anytime something goes in the skies I
don't think just knows like all the
trucks and cars yeah so we're hanging
out here I've got my little buddy on my
shoulders what's up Noah hey how you
doing Sam is showing me his quadcopter
and he's trying to get it calibrated or
he's just doing a funny dance I'm not I
can't decide what he's doing right now
here we go do you have insurance on this
I don't yeah and Jen tear Jen the the
woman that bought it is here so don't
crash it cuz that's like you're covered
don't worry okay here we go
yeah that's my biggest concern is like
if I let go nothing it's fine do these
things are solid a lot of people say
they're kind of hard to fly but I think
it's pretty easy it's like riding a bike
she gone yeah Ellie please to perfect
Father's Day
we're clear for landing
Oh every time we land it yeah it does
there you go just like that it was like
a dream come true
I want to thank Ellie for letting me
hang out with you Sam
you know Sam for Jenica actually for you
know getting this for Sam for his
birthday and we have great women in our
lives they take they take care of us I
think my parents bring me and bringing
me into this world and my education for
bringing me to the great state of Utah
so we could have this wonderful
opportunity so thank you can't fly this
in New York City now we've got the pro
oh man
I've lost it in the Sun I've lost it in
the Sun
oh oh hey Jackson you have your rock you
want to go outside
okay let's hide I go get your shoes and
then we'll go outside well you have
sandwich all over your nose okay does
that sound like a good idea go outside
don't lick it don't like it when we got
our family pictures yesterday when I
gave Jackson a rock to hold he was
licking it and I was like over there but
did you get his moccasins he has to wear
those because we cannot for the life of
us find his shoes his Nikes where are
they I'm gonna find them they're already
here behind the couches huh no I think
they're behind his like his dresser
drawers in this class oh did you put
them up there I think I might have just
toss them in there okay this is his
favorite thing to do
you're in heaven you're in rock heaven
is this what you would bring to heaven
it's a bunch of rocks in an airplane you
can see the plane set an airplane yeah
you're so sweet
you're such a sweet boy oh good you
found a good one that's a good pick hi
little guy hi good morning is - oh it's
same to eat well feed you but first I
have to film you and show how cute you
are
oh hi oh my goodness what is so crazy to
me is I technically should still be
pregnant I should still be posting
pregnancy updates and belly pictures and
all that stuff but like you're here is
this it's so weird to me still that like
he's here I can't even believe it you're
just so hungry doughnut you two so
hungry
okay okay okay I'll stop filming and
I'll feed you
Oh yo babies do not need teeth to bite
you
those guns child that hurt that hurt
your gums out chi that really hurt you
bit me
yeah I should be making that face not
you I should be saying ouch so Jackson
woke up from his nap a little bit on the
wrong side of the bed didn't chef were
running to the store and he's kind of
crying in his car seat and everything so
I said and you know just the trick let's
grab a couple rocks and he'll be a okay
star you happy now
yeah he's happy now oh is it hard is it
tough is it tough going to the grocery
store and you can't open anything until
you buy it you just want that trail mix
so bad don't you don't you buddy
yeah you just walk him okay
Jackson has been dying to get into this
groceries as much as he can and every
time I put something in huh-huh-huh he
just wants it so bad and it's somehow
along the way he's lost a rock he had to
but now he has one and I can't find it
anywhere so I apologize if someone finds
a rock and Sam's Club and it kicks it
like Ellie just texted me and said that
she did she found a rock or she didn't
find a rock or toe found it she was
walking down the hall I kicked a rock in
the house and couldn't see it I was just
like Oh Jackson here that you're cute
though huh sigh mom forgives ya right
right Jackson
Jackson should we have a moment of
silence for the rock that was left
behind in Sam's Club dick alright guys
thank you so much for watching the vlog
today cuz rockin his blanket are outside
and he has a peek in his mouth and
totally ready for perfect he's gonna
sleep in that rock pile that's what he's
gonna do thanks for watching the vlog
today guys have a wonderful day and
we'll see you guys tomorrow let's focus
on give him a kiss give Calvin a kiss
can you get Calvin a kiss
oh that was a good kiss he's like okay
I'm out of here
lover
