good morning guys this is the first day
that I have gotten out of bed and got
ready since I've had Calvin and the only
reason why is because we've getting
family pictures done today here at our
house and I thought that was kind of fun
I've never gotten family pictures done
in our own home so it'll be fun so this
is what I am wearing I dug through my
closet and I was like I do not know what
to wear but I thought that this kind of
looked nice and neutral and kind of
pretty I guess so
that's what I'm wearing jared is off to
the bank to get the money to pay the
person doing our pictures and the girl
that stole my pictures what I used to do
her hair at the salon that's how we met
I really like her I'm really excited to
have her do her pictures and both guys
are asleep Jackson's in his bedroom
sleep in Calvin's snoozin he's just in
his little swing he likes this swing we
just put him in it just the other day
and he loves it so okay well let's get
our family pictures done
hey Jared you look all nice and fancy
imma sure you're the only one with a new
outfit you and I'm the only one who
needs a new house yeah Calvin Calvin is
just modeling you know pose in Jackson
you look all nice Oh
Shannon was so nice to give Shannon
Shannon she's been doing this all
morning
she Anna was so nice to give you her
phone oh my goodness and we're just
getting some fun pictures done so mom
and Calvin are in getting their pictures
done so Jackson and I are in his room
munching on some goodies what do you
think bud I want some animal crackers oh
say those are the meaning to life right
there that is what life is about animal
crackers mmm oh you get bought you got
the bag open good job
now take one he's got to have one for
each hand that's just that's just how he
does it one for each hand one for now
and one for later
there you go oh you're just gonna take
the whole bag huh oh okay well don't eat
it all at once okay you're gonna spoil
your lunch speaking of lunch I'm hungry
hey I think we're just about done with
pictures and we have got some way a cute
pictures going on seriously there's some
of me and Calvin bitter Susie so sweet I
love you got some cute ones of you he's
been kind of a little pill but he just
wants treats she blames them supposedly
you could get a hair dryer it'll calm
the baby down I have no idea you can't
do this in video so this is like behind
the scenes magic no job when the
blow-dry rent for a fraction of a second
I was like oh wait you can't like you
can't have that on th you love
hell no in pictures can't hear some
pictures unless you're from Harry Potter
world he's modeling so great isn't he
such a good model with those long legs
he's so cute
they just showed me a picture that she
took of his foot I was like you make his
feet like you because he has the nikah
moxie it actually really does look good
might be aren't that bad are they well
they're not but on it baby they're just
so fun
make your chosen Sundays you can come me
and my sisters used to do that all the
time
ugly feet ugly feet hey let me see your
ugly feet
oh you don't have any feet you don't
either Calvin they're just a little
scary well we just finished an amazing
photography session and it's funny
because I had no idea I would be this
exhausted after a photography session I
think it might have something to do with
wrestling Jackson the entire time he is
still 17 months and he still doesn't
really want to sit down and take a
picture unless he is coaxed with some
delicious treats but overall I think it
went really well I'm really excited to
see the photos it's such a beautiful day
today so Jackson and I are kind of just
hanging out playing while Calvin and
Ellie take a little nap and I've just
been thinking about the past year and we
just did our video of one year of daily
vlogs and just reflecting about all of
the changes that have been made and all
of the decisions that we made and all of
the experiences that we went through it
just makes me feel so blessed and
grateful to be where we are right now
and especially where we came from
I can't believe that we have two kids of
our own it's wonderful and I I wouldn't
trade it for the world
I really think that you know the
decisions we made in the past year have
been some of the best decisions that we
ever could ever even imagine the Jackson
and I oh where to go hey Jackson
did he go inside sir you uh I just saw
him peeking in the door where'd he go
come back here Hey oh he's closing the
door on me Oh bunk hey what are you
doing are you trying to lock me out I
just want to thank you guys for all the
support that you have given us over the
past a year and even before that we've
been doing videos for a long time about
daily vlogs earlier I am so excited for
year two I cannot wait to see what is in
store for us and I can't wait for you
guys to come along for the ride
we got stretch up stretch the little
foot hi Calvin
good morning Oh does it big stretch I am
exhausted today just getting ready you
know all we've done is take pictures but
I just told you and I'm exhausted and
I've been thinking about this past week
and my main focus you know has
definitely been taking care of him and
breastfeeding and making sure that we
got that down and I just I'm so glad
that he's been a really good eater it's
made um feeding him really easy so
anyway thumbs up for that don't you
think like I joined really glad that um
he wakes up and he eats you know and
it's like most babies don't most babies
do that but they don't like resting or
chat seems really hard so it's
definitely cool it's definitely harder
than you think I mean I couldn't do it
physically and mentally couldn't do it
know these as amazing as these are they
don't produce milk I don't have enough
prolactin for watching
you can look anything with nipples and
who knows that movie leave a comment
down below real quick I wanted I wanted
to take the opportunity to tell you guys
a little bit of something something a
little something something for you guys
we made a video with boardshorts TV AKA
kid snippet i'm gonna have a link to the
video down below it's hilarious I think
you guys don't really like it I really
want you guys go see ya tell them that
we sent you okay I really want you guys
to see it
so funny wish send a child in Texan you
watching a show let me see your rocks
Jackson you show me a rock yeah there it
is
when we were taking pictures today uh
Jax was having a hard time and so I was
like go get him some rocks so we have a
bunch of pictures of nothing to obtain
your shoot so the one who knows what
happens in the B issue you mean that
you're right well look at you mister man
look at you in this mess here I see food
all over the floor
can't you keep it in your mouth young
man that's where the food supposed to go
on the ground what's up with this kid
what's up with you
we need to go get a dog right now Ellie
we want a dog I know guys we if we could
have a dog in this place right now we
would have a dog it's not a question of
if it's a question of when
but yet people keep asking so I want to
make sure it's no dog we're coming for
ya sometime in the future mr. puppy
you're gonna have a home soon you're
gonna home soon
I know Jackson it won't be much longer
and then we'll get a puppy what are you
doing the wind knocked this all the way
over and Jackson found like a little
tiny tent so he's just been playing in
there and I haven't fixed it yet because
he likes to go in there so I haven't
fixed it just yet what's that smirk for
huh what's that smirk for okay Jackson
are you ready
unfortunately Jackson it's time to put
the rocks to sleep the rocks have to go
to bed too it's time to go to bed and so
the rocks need to go to bed too
can you put the rocks in their bed watch
one two three can you put the rock in
its bed good job oh you grabbed another
one that was a big one can you put the
rock in the bed good job it's seven
o'clock it's seven o'clock Elliot's
silicon-silicon what does that mean
Ellie that means Jackson goes down to
bed and that means he gets one more
feeding before I let him down I know
that's what that means but what does
that mean for you specifically Bachelor
that's where I have not liked it this
season I'm not gonna lie I was just
gonna say night and what makes you like
it in the first place
Oh in the first place I just think it's
something fun for me to watch just like
the only TV show that I like to watch
yeah but this season I have not loved
I've turned off early every episode
Justin so like I don't know
I do like Kaitlyn more than I thought I
would though well Ellie watches The
Bachelor I've had this fortune cookie
for a while now and I just kind of want
to see what's inside of it especially
now that we're on our first day of year
two of daily vlogging so let's take a
peek inside this is like a fortune
cookie unboxing is this an unboxing
video I'll take it I don't have a big
knife to open it up with I just use my
teeth
you will have many friends when you need
them that's you guys that's perfect I
think it's very fitted you'll have many
friends when you need them and I think
that just goes to show throughout this
whole time we've had so much amazing
support from you guys so thank you from
the bottom of our hearts we wouldn't be
able to do this without you guys so
thank you very much we have a lot in
store for year two I'm really excited to
see you guys as we go to conventions and
to see what else happens to us that
we're not expecting the past year was
full of unexpected things happening so
I'm really excited about that we have
some announcements coming up in the
future and I just I really can't say it
enough but I'm really excited for year
two thank you for joining in the journey
and I think it's crazy today is going to
be the first day where we have a video
in the end slate that says last year you
know a year ago today what happened a
year ago today I think that's really
cool that we've we've done this long
that we can do that don't you know do
you want to say anything I feel very
blessed Ellie says she feels very
blessed in I do too go check out the
kids snippets video I'm gonna have a
link to it down below I think it's
really funny and I want you guys to see
it and thank you guys again I'll see you
guys tomorrow as usual
bye
others seek your courage my hell I feel
like this is another good one too
others see your courage I also think
that's so fitting like that's crazy
and a lot of you guys comment daily just
saying like you inspire us you're so
happy and everything but I think it's
it's a cycle because when we read those
comments like it boosts us and lifts us
and makes us feel good so I think this
is a team effort
I really do I think without you guys we
can do this thanks again
