and this is one thing that I've started
to ask myself what would you do if you
weren't afraid like if you weren't
afraid of anything what would you do I
probably started doing daily blogs let's
do this let's make a child ah you're
making a challenge for them to see do we
wanna say that let's do it right why not
why not right now we make a change gosh
I'm gonna copy everything today's the
first day of the rest of your life okay
Carl quo let's do it let's try it for at
least one week we'll do one week of
daily vlogs
starting Monday we'll see we'll see
Jared's promising you guys up I'm not so
we will see if you're on Team Jared let
me know down below if you're on Team LP
and you're lame
leave that down below team Jared for
daily vlogs for a week trial test run
let's just see what happens okay let's
just see we'll see you guys in the next
bend the next video and maybe that'll be
the start of a daily vlog for like a
week I don't know I'm not promising
anything I am though I'm gonna do it bye
you
oh you're crazy - this is the light you
smile just trying to show off are you
guys buddies this is a real good cat is
any other punches Chuck see there you go
give me something to do
Tim Tims ready we are at the hospital
right now I guess you can drive you know
that's right
it's good you can do it hey how's it
it's so good it hurts you like it in
there my grandpa hmm bye grandma
oh don't go man going for 70 come on
clean it up right here geez just think
it's amazing throwback Thursday isn't
that crazy
we'll see you soon
power thrown back to Utah whoa travel
safe - don't whips tonight you're doing
good gosh you should have blend it
through burger MA kind of fun you'll
keep do it you're pregnant
see what I mean this is her sibling she
was to be happy she loves me other how
cute is that
okay those moves look at the mouth tell
your family that you love them they're
in the picture you love making people
drive box after box Richard Adams
Jackson Rock this is some legit coming
home will you marry me but thank you
happy anniversary see the one about the
couch oh wow
Kizzy oh I am grateful Romani made a
world record get a girl mr. Rogers you
look really big oh boy - panting
everybody it does his duty this works
for me get you
Merry Christmas this is so fun Michael
what Happy New Year I felt the baby move
oh look at you go shake that booty we
know but another getting roommates
Christmas so say your head cordia's I'm
gonna get you oh hey you like my red
skin be super boom right there I had to
get new underwear everybody we're able
to go back you're worth a trip how was
it going boys he's walking up oh my god
he was my bare belly what good things ah
make me cry are he turned off out of
somebody we have to behave no aunt has
been second graduation
get back to work haircut can you get out
how you feeling Thank You cousin
wrinkles is a good dog sauce I proposed
to Ellie Happy Easter
I love it oh okay I'm next my guitars
indeed a mini Bambino happy birthday
never lose hope
baby countdown huge it's all our baby
Picabo grandma hey spider-man day well I
guessed it right first contraction happy
Moo Thursday's like that did you me
I should say like I can't get it off
that's the engine I'm in labor
he can't wake up yeah well we did it one
year of daily vlog and it has changed
our whole life
one year ago I asked ourselves the
question what would you do if you
weren't afraid and it changed our life
forever now I want to ask you guys what
would you do if you weren't afraid leave
a comment down below what you guys would
do and we'll see you guys tomorrow
bye-bye bye-bye see you tomorrow
