well good morning guys guess what
Jackson huh you're nice and dressed
Calvin
oh look how handsome you look you are
nice and dressed guess what
little brothers do rob Jared you're nice
and dressed Ellie is responsible if you
had of these three people I'm not gonna
tell you which comment those two he can
dress himself
um seriously though dry shampoo floss
and toothbrush and I'll find some jammie
to put on for the day good morning
he loves all of that stuff that was so
funny
last night I took a shower and I had
Calvin right here in the swing and
Jackson found it and you think that is
so fun cake I destroy you and enjoy it
now that I'm old enough yeah you used to
not enjoy it as much it's like now this
is more fun than anything else in the
entire world I'll do show you more rides
in the house mom huh let me show you
look hey hey look hey throw it throw it
let go try it no throw it go no it
hi-yah move you're using your left hand
do it do it goober hey hey here use your
left and you're better at throwing on
your left try it yeah oh yeah do it
throw it
Hey so please yeah yeah
yeah tractor you're getting all your
toys in it is been so nice well jared
has been working in Calvin's honestly
think that Jackson I have been able to
spend a little bit of time together and
just sit and play quietly and I don't
know what it is about
after having Calvin I don't remember
this happening of Jackson but I get like
hot flashes like like I literally have
sweat beads all over my face and I don't
remember getting that with Jackson but I
have lots and lots of hot flashes and
that our house isn't hot they see is on
so that's kind of been interesting this
go-around but I've been having fun
playing with you can you you snuggle
your blanket he snuggled it he's been
putting it against his nose all morning
lay your head down he's so cute your
head down scratch your back Oh keV
you're so nice
what's going on here what's going on
here oh my goodness there's a baby on
you what he's been doing this he's been
peddling with this head and then you
came in and he said oh my god Jackson is
that okay you're learnin yes and there
you go that's what I was looking for a
little cuddle action not a little head
but oh you think the doors open so you
can escape gretchie tall again see ya
bye I gotcha I gotcha
your Oh mine no what have you been
having a good day honey yeah I'm tired
yeah well I feel bad you've been
wrangling both of the kids while I've
been trying to finish up this project so
yeah thank you you're welcome
there you go he just told
just totally like poke my eye out trying
to get that hat off my head put it on
put it on your head yeah put it on there
you go does my head smell honey I hope
it does is uh-oh that can taste come
here yep there you go
do you like that whoa oh can you put on
my head put it on daddy put it on my
head someone tired is tired can I tell
you this like I think I know oh my gosh
I love putting Jackson down to bed
because he does like rest his head if
you get his blanket and you put on his
shoulder like is it like a rock just
falls right on your shoulder and it's my
favorite thing in the world
whoa it's a beautiful day today holy cow
it's gorgeous outside el you know what
Ellie reminds me of you Oh cuz you're
gorgeous you're gorgeous
pay attention oh it's okay you're
getting that baby all swaddled up and
you're a little rapid ooh not a little
wrap wrap wrap adieu it's tight in there
that's good
that's great yeah yeah yeah you're good
you look like really brave of me you're
good to go out yeah Calvin is one week
old today
one week today Calvin has been alive but
Jackson it was in the winter so I didn't
wanna go oh yeah yeah well you have to
be really careful today I am taking a
little break from the one-year project
because on Monday we're getting family
pictures taken and I'm hoping and
crossing my fingers that one of the
pictures we can use for like a new intro
or end slate or something like that
that's what I've been another project
that I have to do in the future but
we're gonna go look at the mall to see
if we can find some family clothes
Jerry's taking a break but I from work
but I need
to take him because I was like I'm
exhausted well and I would never want
you to have to come to the mall oh
you're so with this I Jewish she did
Jared to just to be with me so this is
the lease until you get the hang of it
you know two hands for beginners right
yeah not now I had to hand Oh only Jim
only my husband arrived were walking in
the mall and he's like I want to ride
one of those we're gonna run Kevin Bacon
okay you get Jackson so at least it
looks like you're helping your kid be
entertained not just yourself this is
just for me Jackson he can come along go
stick your finger up for stop okay ready
Dodger two three oh you gotta be kidding
me
let me get rid of you he likes it you're
so cute
they're slowly making their way back I'm
just kidding guys
that is fun I cannot believe that my
little Calvin is one week old today and
I I've been thinking like what's my
favorite thing this week aside from him
and Jackson being together is he's been
such a good feeder like he eats so well
and I just it's been like a huge
different experience with Calvin versus
Jackson feeding goes and it's been
amazing I'm so glad that he likes tea
and he's been able to eat really well do
you think oh yeah I didn't just take
this shirt off the mannequin he gave it
to me oh he's naked cover him up you
shouldn't do that just what I think that
looks I think that looks nice on you you
wish it fit tighter the hunters a little
bit tighter I think it looks good just
so it would fit my body you know my
sculpted body this would be like nice
and trim on my six-pack I think it looks
good not with that hat though come on
come on let's go get dad come on hi
think it's that time a night to end the
vlog sorry I've just been up here
working on the project I know it looks
good Bobby shot cracker
um my editing partner is taking a break
I just even took his shoes and socks off
he's relaxing dude my interviews I hired
him because I thought he would be really
really helpful he's just sleeping on the
job all day I think you should fire him
he looks pretty useless I'm gonna get
one more shot pretty helpless he's got a
really really tough deadline to me so
I'm gonna give him one more shot before
I kick the can you know you know I mean
I you guys know how we do this stuff
this is all business
we're strict so I don't know how long
we're gonna run this intern intern
program but um oh I wanted to say one
thing a lot of you guys have been asking
about the the video that we're doing
with kit snippets that's going up this
Monday so this coming Monday let's say
systems on Sunday so tomorrow for you
guys you guys are gonna see the kids
snippets video okay so check it out I'll
have a link to them down below
tomorrow's our one-year project so we'll
really see you guys on Monday
well it doesn't go up tomorrow goes up
on Monday because tomorrow is May 31st
which is our last vlogging day this goes
up tomorrow and then this goes up the
next day right you're right yeah so
we'll see you guys you guys on Tuesday
yep
cuz this project took way too many hours
and it was way too long this is going to
be like the video of the day so this
will be our project going up on Monday
night
one year of daily vlogs so guys do you
don't want to miss it Jerez worked
really hard well it's it's a different
type of video than we've ever ever done
before it's not it's not an emotion a
lot like an emotional roller coaster
it's just it's a really cool recap yep
so okay thanks for watching
see you guys later you later happy
what we kind of soup I love you I love
you I love you I daddy oh I don't have a
baby
