Oh soft remember no that was a little
hard
no no feet soft soft ah be soft it's a
little Jackson can you give it can you
give Calvin a kiss
that's the sweetest thing everybody and
then give him a lick soft
yeah yeah do you like your brother oh
yeah he likes Jill you guys are gonna
rough and tough around here just a few
months a bad Jackson wants to do that
right now but Calvin's just not ready
yet
don't you bet soft huh yeah I've
actually really pleasantly surprised
with how well Jackson's taking this you
know like this whole transition he's
done really well don't you think except
he didn't like him when he's in like The
Rock employer his bass entices Jackson
he wants to me and he's like oh that
looks fun I want to do that too soft on
his head you don't want to touch his
eyes you know hey how are you hey how
are you hey how are you
what you gonna do when I come for you
what you gonna do when I come for you
hey hey hey hey buddy you know what I
was thinking today I was thinking that
Ellie continually amazes me like on a
daily basis for example just about every
single time I change Calvin's diaper
which I do probably most of the time
because I don't like to have to do that
so I offer to change
Calvin's diaper and without fail Calvin
starts crying when I change his diaper
that's just how it works sometimes Ellie
I swear in a past life was like a
freakin black belt ninja or something
like that a judo master because anytime
she
Changez Calvin's diaper I don't hear a
thing like I was getting ready in the
bathroom Ellie got up got out of bed
grabbed Calvin went to the changing
table changed him put all of this stuff
together put him back and I had no idea
and I go and I should probably change
Calvin's dad oh I already did it cuz I'm
a freaking ninja geez like even in the
middle of the night too high so Ellie I
must commend you of your awesomeness and
your ninja skills I am yet a white belt
and I need to advance in the degrees of
ninja master read Jackson that's what
we're gonna do today is we're gonna work
on our ninja skills okay oh my goodness
oh my goodness Emma come give me a hug
ha ha ha it's been so long how are you
sweetheart
Wow Oh Emma come say hi to Jackson come
say hi to Jackson oh that is so freshest
looking with this smile on his face he's
like I want another kiss oh and Jackson
runs out the door
whoa what a nice surprise what a nice
surprise it was to wake up this morning
to moms from maan has our little baby
and my this is my sister Julie the
thorough in medical school that's her
Emma and she on an airplane and she is
visiting all of us in Utah
and so mom is gonna take JAXA Rooney and
Emma and they're gonna go hang out while
I get some more baby cuddle resting time
in and Jared can get some work done so
mom thank you for the cousins are you so
excited Emma yes Emma is seriously so
cute and this is she beautiful your
daddy's the most a side friend dad it's
so handsome hon I got this Italian
Italian it that Landon is a good-looking
man but it's a big life woman insert
picture of what Anton so you guys go big
tall dark handsome muscular guy do his
bird picture hahaha in the speedo okay
well you guys go have fun thank you so
much oh okay Jackson you be good you be
good for Grandma you have fun have fun
with Emma you be good you find all the
rocks and Grandpa spit and bring them
inside okay Emma your turn you be good
again be good for Grandma hey Jackson
laughs yeah
Oh silly pants he seizes treats
okay there's those Emma this is your
treat for the car ride home
you want me to open them or do you know
how I know you know how okay well you
guys have fun and be safe
hey buddy how are you hi guys we're just
getting Jetta
hahaha it's okay we're just getting
Calvin dressed for the day and I wanted
to show you guys his little features so
I feel like we have it you can light
showing you guys what he looks like but
like his little ear like this one's nice
and flat to his face
but this here this is daddy's ear this
one sticks out just a little bit more
it's funny how you can like there's
there's a little bit difference like
from symmetry you know if you divided
him right down the middle each side is a
little more different you know it's kind
of interesting and Jared think oh we
both know he doesn't have the Meachem
nose he has my nose he totally has
Ellie's nose if you look Ellie has kind
of like a sharpness right here
and Calvin definitely has that sharp
accent right on the nose it's just a
little more sharp than Ben mind Mars are
mine's a little bit more rounded I think
but look look at his arms are these not
long arms for baby I always says they're
long but I think they're kind of normal
here Calvin let me do it look look look
look they're like clear above his head
he's got an amazing wingspan he does and
then his long legs and well the long
toes is what we need to talk about look
at those little toes and then same as
his hands he had your hands for sure
they're like long and skinny
just like your daddy's yeah but it's
kind of cold so we'll get you dressed
I just think it's cute to look at just
his little feet yeah he is
he has been such a good eater to
breastfeeding has gone wonderfully the
past few days like he just and then
what's funny is like babies are smart
like they learned fast you know people
have been asking about his eyes and the
color of them usually a baby's eyes or
blue and his our kind of blue but his
are like what Jackson's were like they
never were like clear clear blue and
Jackson totally has my eyes I think he's
gonna have brown eyes oh yeah he'll
totally have my eyes want you son he's
not gonna take after his dad in that
department no he's not maybe when we
have a girl she'll she'll change and
she'll have blue eyes but my boys will
have my brand eyes it's just so fun like
seeing how little they are how sweet
they are even your pterodactyl screams
you are wide awake it's really fun
seeing him wide awake I love when they
grab onto your finger that's like my
favorite so I've been working in my
office for probably gosh what time did
mom come and get Jackson four five hours
ago anyway so what I wanted to do is I
wanted to show you guys a little bit of
what I'm doing I'm not gonna show you
any video but I just want to show you
like the timeline of what's going on
right now on my project that I'm working
on so this right here is Final Cut Pro
and if you look really closely let me
focus it here for you if you look really
closely you can see tiny little you know
cuts like little blue rectum oval things
each one of those lines is an edit that
I've done and it goes all the way down
here and I am gosh I don't know 60% of
the way done I'm trying to work as fast
as I possibly can because there's only a
few more days until we hit our one-year
celebratory day of daily vlogs for every
single day for the past year we've been
vlogging celebration party hmmm what's
going on in here
what we do every second of the day just
cuddle mm-hmm let me get you closer to
him yeah let me it so um I was also
watching as catching up on some vlogs I
don't think I've watched a video a long
time he's so warm every time like I
touch his skin with my hands he's like
and your hands are so cold oh yeah this
scream I feel
maybe that's why you're such a good
ninja because your hands are so warm you
wanna know what I was thinking you know
what I was thinking tell me what you're
thinking mmm lately it's been really
funny I wish we could vlog it like 4:00
in the morning on her epic coven on the
things that me and you say to each other
last night what did you say to me he
went rare something like that I can't
even remember 4:00 in the morning I
think I said my boobs her I was like I
am so much big because I was so full and
Calvin would only he was only not only a
on one side I was just like I can't get
comfortable and Jared's like uncle did
you have a go get your pump and I said
no he goes rare rare also have fall in
the morning I have no idea why this even
happened but and I even tweeted it out
I had the Christmas song I still piss my
what are you doing like tweeting and I
the heat miser I'm mister heat miser
that bet them foodie pity that was stuck
in my head at 4:00 in the morning I have
no idea where it came from
and so he had to tweet it out what else
have we done got it all the night that
we're just like good work that we're
like wow big-big gosh I don't know have
to poop I can't can't I remember we'll
think about it yeah think about maybe
tonight if I can remember but we've said
some funny things to each other the past
few nights
Oh everything I say goes when he told me
I was a good ninja yeah you're like a
ninja a ninja in the nighttime you can
change type everything's everything's
funny at 4:00 a.m.
home at last hey buddy how's it going
come here here's a journal I was Jackson
Jackson in Vice
where well first they were fighting Oh
cuz they're right next to each other did
they engage in fisticuffs no but then
they really enjoyed each other's company
after the main yes yeah now grabbing
hands and Bonnie's all costed full germs
so Boston head with his arms it's all
Jacksonville germs Jackson pulled his
I'm gonna just sit there like scanning
your son it'll be good hey ready isn't
he just tiny like you look at Jackson
and then you are yeah long are hey but
did you have a good day I sure miss you
I sure missed you Arthur missed you I
sure miss you oh no - crack aah hey hey
why do you sleep so much we missed you
all day
you missed you all day now it's time for
a bedtime no we're gonna stay up late
for low tide only a little bit Hey why
just leave wisely is it because we've
been playing in the water have you been
playing in grandma said you took rocks
and plated them all day getting mad on
the car ride home he was grabbing his
sleep and pulling that and so then his
arm was stuck and he was yelling this
farm is red me not just stealing Oh
Feliz ano et silly
seriously he's just a teeny oh you're
beautiful can you get Calvin a kiss give
him a kiss kiss good night oh yeah oh
yeah it's like
I love their streak the funny in your
rockin yeah what a good brother
he likes that
yeah he's like I'm terrified for my life
Jackson you're such a good big brother
good job high five yeah yeah cool
I wish he knew how much we missed him I
know I'm a dad I think that I am going
to go ahead and end the vlog Jackson and
I and baby and Jared go upstairs and
we're going to all read a book together
that's fine look I'm in the book did you
ever interrupt me when I'm reading a
book so we're all gonna go read a book
and I just wanted to say thank you for a
hundred thousand subscribers on my
channel I just did a video on my channel
about what was in my hospital bag and
like I just I didn't quite realize it
and so I didn't say anything in that
video but the next time I did they all
talked about it and you know it's so
crazy so I know a lot of you guys
support my channel as well so I wanted
to say thank you here as well so is that
great congratulations that's amazing you
know what that means
wait we should probably get another
plaque to hang up on them that would be
amazing like that would be so cool I
appreciate it thank you so much well
just thank you guys for all the support
that you give us on it yeah basis you
know it's so nice it's refreshing and it
makes us feel good so thank you for
making this feel good every single day
thank you so much for watching we will
see you tomorrow like always we're gonna
do a guy see ya hi that's high
how cute are my boys how queue or my boy
said bad cow said mmm I said piggie me
said blue
