don't help me come here come here we
need to choose Jackson we need to choose
an outfit for baby Kelvin can you pick
one out can you pick one out that like
you want him to wear it okay let me see
it what about what else does you have in
here ah this one looks kind of fun
should should he wear that one yeah
let's see that one can I hold it
can I hold it that one okay
we'll decide between those two for today
sound good
you really want that one huh okay yeah
good job
high-five Hey
I love you
I feel like we haven't shown you guys
truly what Calvin looks like look at his
long fingers
he has Jarrod's hands his long fingers
and he has Jarrod's family's feet like
look at those feet when Jax when I would
breastfeed Jackson I would rub his feet
to keep him awake and I remember my
thumb would fit on his foot and look how
many thumbs I can fit on Calvin's but
they're so big okay son this is the
outfit you picked for my other son can
you believe that this used to fit
Jackson and it used to fit him really
well like it never was this loose on him
this is a newborn and like he's at his
nose his nose that's a baby's nose huh
you're so good with him
Oh we'll leave that in his mouth you
keep those in yours
but yeah I cannot believe this like this
is so big on him Calvin is so tiny like
even his little head like he's just so
little I just can't even believe that
Jackson was never this little you never
were you were born with the chunk and
now get you know get your head your
heads huge when you do your hair okay
time to do a little swap swap swatter oh
it's my turn to watch the boys while mom
gets ready we're gonna have some fun
uploading the video for today aren't we
Jackson oh I've got some goldfish here
for you it's gonna make a lot more yeah
you know that's right me kiss you whoo
that's a little too much Jackson Oh
Jackson doesn't a little too much a
little too much Jack said I'm just
kidding Calvin has been with us in the
world amongst all of us for a few days
now so that means it's time for his very
first checkup with dr. O he doesn't seem
too happy about that
oh I wouldn't want to go to the doctor
right here to go get my platelets check
yes it is a busy day at the doctor's off
this isn't that cute
isn't that a cute what animal did I say
velociraptor your Velociraptor take you
to the Velociraptor you ever did see
okay let's get situated and go this is
the best part of the doctor's office you
have your own couch your own kitchen you
get play friends okay
I don't think the other kids really like
it when he gets on the table well look
who just woke up from a really great now
oh yeah tell me more
oh yeah I am full you are ready to feed
the baby well that's cool you feed the
baby because we just got something
rather door delivered right to our house
and I think I know who it's from it says
a gift just for you hey I should use my
breastfeeding cover for the first time
and see if I like it sure where's I'll
go get it for you who's a guy hey bonus
aww good job
he's taking your head just cuz we do
that to him he's taking it just took a
lease and you know Jackson like that's
the sweetest thing ever
hahaha go get my nursing coverage just
because I have some rich back fine I'll
go get your nursing cover cover those
breasticles and are you gonna come help
me we've got to open this up somehow
some way
congratulations we love you guys and we
can't wait to meet Calvin hope you enjoy
the gift see you soon
love Brian Missy and oli how did I know
it was from them are your goods covered
Ellie here they're covered good well
let's see what's in the moss Jackson
will you open this up for me will you go
grab a knife a big sharp one
thanks bud Oh take this out Oh what is
that what is that whoa this is his name
on it
that's cool oh that's a little elephant
Matt yeah that's awesome thanks Brian
Missy and Halle that's cute
can you put your head down that's where
you sleep now Jackson oh that's so cute
every morning I have had Jared make me
oatmeal the old-fashioned kind of meal
and I have pre-measured like a whole
bunch of them so all he has to really do
is just throw it together and then I
already have some like stuff to sweeten
up like cinnamon laid out so that he can
just make it for me in the mornings that
way I can just worry about feeding
Calvin and kind of taking care of me and
him but right now I'm making some energy
balls it's like quick oats and peanut
butter and just something and it also
can help with like breastfeeding because
it does have oats in it but I'm going to
make those because it's really easy to
make and I've got my little helper here
so he can pour everything in there or
help Riley everything I don't know we'll
see how this goes hey Jackson
can you pour that in there oh that works
too here oh hold this hold the handle
okay good thing it's just me and my
family that are eating this night not
neighbors
oh that's one way to help out here pour
it in there
look dump it in oh he doesn't want to
dump it in okay yeah it's a good thing
it's just us eating this and not
bringing it to anybody okay so we've got
those in there and he's gonna help me
make the rest and then we're gonna eat
them and then there's a line even
slightly cooking is because this is so
easy what I want to make is zucchini
bread but I just had a baby so come on
I'm not doing that
Jackson's also that peas give you some
chocolate chips while I get the peanut
butter and the vanilla and because
that's the messy part and I'm not gonna
have you help me because I don't want to
clean up peanut butter yeah yeah you
just eat your chocolate chips huh
those are little mini ones that looks
like little mouse turds that's kind of
gross take him outside
I don't want rocks in my kitchen yep go
on out okay okay okay sure go ahead
right away good job all right oh no not
the calendar
he loves that so much he likes it he
loves the Pens and then he sucks the
rakes erasers out yeah all your razors
are gone
yeah I hold take one more one for each
hand mom dad and I'm trying to figure
out if and when I want to film a few
videos just a few that's the thing about
Ellie is she came out to me she's a jerk
I've got ideas for like three different
videos I'm just trying to figure out
when I should film them I think I'm
gonna film him tonight
Ellie is a go-getter that's for sure
hacker okay gonna say hi oh no he says
he's going for the crackers wake up
look at those kidney isn't he just like
the best
yeah look at that face he's making faces
in the sleep now fine all night chickie
oh so this has been my makeshift station
right here where I've been editing late
into the evening oh I don't know about
two or three in the morning working on
yeah yeah time tonight I did all right
Jared I only have to stay a point to get
this project done or else I'm not going
to get it done and so last night I woke
up at 2:00 to feed Calvin right and
Jared wasn't in bed yet and I texted
Jared I might get to bed like come on
let's go to bed
so I was having fun working on the body
is having fun but boss I thank you for
working hard oh you're welcome
I don't think any of us are getting any
sleep so kind of were like I think today
we're just like hey guys we're solar
feeder B right now good Calvin goes to
sleep pretty good after he eats yeah
look I'm like up all hours of the night
he gets he gets some major milk rum
though right his hands go way above his
head he's just like Oh what you making
and why am I not making it for your
holding hand when I can't hold him I
guess that's true um I'm making french
toast for dinner and I told Jared I was
like I think that we should end the
video so we can eat dinner and then I
can rest a little bit before before I
start working on the project yeah I'm
not gonna just get ready for bed yeah I
think that's a grand idea what do you
think Jackson what's your vote on the
situation here give me a smile if that's
something you want to do sorry
alrighty thanks so much for watching
guys I hope you have a wonderful day it
means so much to us that you come and
join us every single day to watch these
videos especially now that we've got
Calvin in our lives so fun
Mykelti it is so much fun and so many
life changes are happening right now
it's cool to just sit back and even
watch the yesterday's video that we just
did like I I've been watching our videos
after I edit them just cuz it's fun to
see our little guy and then this little
guy making all the changes in the
adaptation so thanks for watching guys
have a wonderful day and we'll see you
tomorrow
bumpety bumpety bumpety bumpety bump
both boys are asleep yeah
7 o'clock almost good job we were the
best parents so doors that mean me go to
bed Nancy no um I have to show you guys
I wanted to do one more Club Jackson's
in bed and this just about makes me
wanna cry cuz it's so cute you just he
brings in rocks all the time we leave
the door open and we'll hang out and
he'll kind of come in and out and today
we did that and he just just loves rocks
he he's he's a kid and I just love that
he loves rock today I told her I'm like
get those rocks out of my kitchen go
outside and he did you turn her on she
went outside and took her outside and
then second part the amount of relief
that you feel after feeding your baby is
is aglow physically is it Maci
cuz it kind of like taking a big pillow
you're just like Oh fine
it's it's more it's more so you are
holding your pee all day and you finally
pee and you like oh my gosh I feel so
light that's how I feel okay thank you
for watching a very important thing
about Ellie's breasts have a wonderful
evening
see you tomorrow see you tomorrow
