okay when the baby sleeps mama
change of plan change of clothes yeah
you go change uh Bonnie was so nice this
morning she knows that Jared's been
working on our one-year project and she
goes bring Jackson over after breakfast
and let him have a playdate with the
cousins and Ella you get rest Jared you
work so Jared's been working all morning
I've been resting and the lactation
specialist just called and woke me up
from a nap and I'm glad that I answered
because she goes when's the baby's next
feeding and I was like anywhere between
now and 30 minutes and she's like come
on down all I'll help you out so I feel
really good things are already better
with me in the baby and feeding I
already feel a lot better this time
around
yesterday morning I was I wasn't feeling
so good but things are going really well
but I think that it's really wise to get
help and the thing is is I've already
gotten help a lot but I feel like every
time I've gotten help I've learned
something new and so I'm gonna take this
sweet little baby and we're gonna go hey
school so what do you think Ellie I
think they um we are getting a lot of
help and that he is a good lad sure yeah
so this is a night and day difference
our lactation specialist is saying he
latches on like a barracuda
he's a barracuda boy you can't who's in
the village things are going well I
think we're on the path to success yeah
he looks great and his little mouth is
nice and open
yeah yay we have a good eater that makes
him unhappy work with him so you're
touching him and making him open his lip
it is tongue to come out and grab your
finger and he'll cup your finger uh-huh
and pull it in and that's when you want
that lip tucking down underneath so
he'll probably want to now just because
he's out are you full he comes open you
can see where that lip has been been
striking right there okay we don't want
blisters you know because sometimes that
skin will start peeling off that means
he's hanging on wrong okay
leaning back lets him determine how hard
he needs to stay pulque so she look
Johnny yes yeah it's way yeah what do
you think of him
I think he likes you do you think he's
pretty cute yeah can you believe it
you're gonna have a brother soon just
like that I mean there's eyes I think
he's really tired
you just ate Jax I'm just so good hi hi
oh I missed you what do you think
Jackson you haven't really seen them all
that much you say hi haven't really seen
a lot that much
he saw say brother
say hi Calvin hi that's what I was
waiting for you oh hi yeah I just ah
what's that hey guys a little update I
think I'm gonna do an update on my
channel because there's a lot to talk
about but I am doing great the lactation
specialist was so it was alike the
lactation specialist was very happy with
what she saw the reason why then in pain
was because the first few days he didn't
latch very well and it made me very sore
but she said I'm doing great I feel a
lot better today as far as feeding goes
I don't hurt and he's latching well and
he's drinking well and hallelujah you
again hallelujah hallelujah hallelujah
we are so happy over here but I need to
go sit I need to go rest I need to go
feed him so I'm gonna go rest for the
rest of the evening and I'll let you two
play we're just gonna hang in you hang
out with Daddy
one thing hey come on Pete wait a minut
dish you know I love you come on over
here and say hello to your brother he
haven't really seen them very much
sure lame on the floor hmm yeah should
we yeah
let's lay him on the floor okay Jim ah
you see yeah
that's the first thing he did well I
wonder if it's cuz the blanket not
brother
why sure it's a combination list let's
give him the benefit of the doubt and
say that's because he loves his brother
Jackson that is the most pressure acting
where's Calvin where's Calvin he's at
Calvin Calvin its baby brother yeah Oh
babies are tough of anything totally but
sometimes it's hard it is hard because
you want to be as careful as you can
yeah but babies are tough but your
brother and if it were anyone else I'd
go oh no but you you'll learn and so Oh
Calvin ah you get your three boys right
here yes you're a wild one but you're
good you're so well-behaved
mom I love him in your so you're such a
good eater that mama is so happy right
now
oh that makes me so happy
that's good to be you soon you're gonna
be running after them you're gonna be
you kid you're gonna be on the front of
dot climbing up my Jackson's on the back
yeah that kind of looks scary huh but
it's fun you'll love it this is fun to
have a mom this is better
no more tears it's kind of fun to have
all my boys here to have my family that
we're all home yeah I've missed him
oh my gosh I've missed him and he's huge
you're huge
mm I seriously love it whoa what's that
what do you think
tapi I'm sorry my good team huh TQ
Jackson can you say baby set baby crying
hmmm it's different I can't tell
anything wow he's just taking it Calvin
loves to be held and Jackson loves to
rock and roll you have to rock and roll
your loves are rocking her so badly take
their pictures but I don't be I don't
think they'll lay long hey put your head
down ah give me kiss Wow give me kiss
stand back so you can get their bodies
and get it in this picture
oh you tied the GIMP what's where's your
tongue time thank you oh yeah yeah good
breath yeah I some fruit of you or some
fruit of you all so proud of you I was
so proud of you wouldn't it be amazing
if we could just have both of our kids
lay in one bed and that's what they
would be and sleep I put Jackson wanted
to see Calvin so I put him in there and
then he just laid in the back and play
he just laid there he's laying days I
got a I'll just hang out here hey hey
what do you say we're gonna bounce
around the house today I said hey hey
what do you say we're gonna bounce
bounce bounce around the house we're
gonna bounce bounce bounce around the
house hey say hi just just hold on one
second all this monkey crawls off of me
yeah Alvin is so little that I feel like
I have to burp him with three fingers
like I'm just patting him you know he's
just so little he sees those snacks over
there oh and oh the Apple watch good
choice Jackson that value of the Apple
watch is certainly a lot higher than the
snacks over there to entry is
I guess he's my son is that what we can
say okay I'm gonna take a picture can
you can you be soft with baby brother
say one two three two ticka ticka ticka
ticka ticka ticka ticka ticka okay one
two three do you like your brother
yeah he does I think he likes crackers
just as much and water oh yeah
Cheers say cheers guys cheers for being
me I think that does it for us guys
thank you so much for watching today you
guys are wonderful you're marvelous
you're amazing you're incredible you're
fantastic unbelievable and awesome hey
thanks so much for watching we'll see
you say say bye bye see djaro he's a
little milk trunk - oh one more thing I
want to tell you guys real quick there's
only a few more days to get your le
injured awesome shirts and hoodies
they're awesome I'll have a link down
below thanks for watching guys bum bum
bum bum bum bum bum
member
