good morning family all right hi how are
you hi Calvin
boy you sleep really good in the daytime
we're home can you believe that he's
like good in the daytime that's no he
sleeps good when mommy's holding you
yeah he loves to be held cuz I held him
last night he slept for what three hours
straight yeah he likes me and then I
like to hope you've been with him since
like 6:00 this morning
Kasia is not like 10 o'clock and he's
just loving it
hi son
should we eat ah like Jared said last
night was our first night home and it
was kind of rough but not with him he
actually did really well it was me my
I'm feeling a lot of afterbirth pain and
the thought of feeding him makes me one
ball oh because he just to need oh you
just to deed because I am just so sore
I'm kind of having the same thing with
what happened with Jackson except
Calvin's really good at latching on but
his mouth is really small and he's not
able to get a good latch and so I am
extremely sore and I set up an
appointment with a different lactation
specialist they're supposed to be really
good because they tried to help me at
the hospital but they other than just
make him open his mouth it's ER like
there really wasn't anything that they
were helping me with and so um they
wanted me to use a shield buy so I
really didn't want to so I'm gonna go to
another specialist but I think that
they're closed today so if we can bear
through today and maybe tomorrow with
breastfeeding and hopefully we'll get
things better and I will start to feel
better now you can see everybody with
those eyes and you're wide awake you're
ready to take on the world he says I had
lots of milk it was so good hmm okay so
I just said Calvin and it wasn't I
didn't cry as much it's been painful for
you I know so bad we don't really serve
I've been holding him in a different
position and it's better it's a lot
better and then I thought it made me cry
my sister her baby was does she when she
had had her baby he was spitting up a
little bit of blood because he would
drink so much and she would bleed so
much because she was so sorry
made me really sad and she ended up
nursing for well I think a year like
right at about a year so I think that
we're on the right track but I think
that it's really hard coming home from
the hospital because I think that I'm
full of emotions and you know I don't
feel well and I miss you every time you
you say like you're in pain from nursing
and everything I'm like Ellie here take
mine instead use mine they'll help you
out please just use mine but you have a
flat nipple just cuz I have inverted
nipples jared has been so sweet to me if
you went to go get my medicine today and
he came home and he goes I thought you'd
like these they're the little gel pads
to help with breastfeeding so that
you're not so sore that they kind of
cool you often I was so cute and then
with my flowers and what else are you
gonna do for me well Ellie said that she
wants a rocking chair right here this
pink chair does not rock so I'm gonna
move them real quick Ellie doesn't think
I can do it but she totally under STD
I know you can do it but I was like you
can do it in a minute and he's like no
I'll just do it like oh thank you I kept
debating if I wanted the rocking chair
in here because I still rocked Jackson
and but I was like I can rock came in
here too but I think it would be nice to
just sit in here and rock him and this
is our little setup for them that's
missed we'll have you do it again okay
so this is us I just have to do this
over my head how the boy don't know if
we'll fit through the door but we're
gonna try okay hopefully careful careful
careful oh okay he's gonna go do that
this is our setup for the next little
bit or at least for me cuz I'm just
gonna be in here and and rock you and
kiss you and love you
oh you're so sweet okay you're so little
thank you you're such a strong man you
manage man you I can't wait to go rock
him over there
that's probably where I'm gonna sleep
tonight is because last night I was
really wanting to lay him on my chest
but it was kind of hard at the headboard
well in one second in line and now I let
you kind of with me because I'm not so
hot from being pregnant I was freezing
last night and usually hot but something
that I thought was really cute with
Calvin is I I love to swaddle babies
swaddling is like one of my favorite
that and rocking babies and so I been
swaddling him in the hospital he never
really seemed to like it
and last night we swaddled it and laid
him and laid him down and he was just
kind of fussy and fussy and fussy and
finally I an swaddled him and he was out
and then he slept I think like a four a
four hour stretch he he was out he
doesn't like his like arms being
swaddled isn't that funny
I can't wait for a big brother to come
kiss you and slobber on you do you guys
remember my sister-in-law Emily when
Ellie had him all swaddled up and the
little swaddle thing well they're here
again and we're comparing the sizes of
these two Henry is so big and he's still
like it's just a little guy like nine
pounds oh my gosh hey buddy oh look at
this smile Hey and then there's and then
there's Calvin okay but Oh you're too
much Henry is that right wait ten weeks
enemies oh my gosh - yep that's right
we've only seen him a couple of times
but like last week or just like this is
he's such a tiny little baby but now
he's ginormous he's got a little
moccasins on look at that is it your
time well we'll have to take a picture
yeah
because ins hanging out you know what
there's a lot of cousins that are real
close in age and that's so fun so so so
these one they're ten weeks apart then
nine weeks and six days to be exact nine
hours and four minutes is the precise
calculation between the two pages hers
they'll be about about 15 weeks I think
is what it is so there's there really
yeah that's fun for families we'll take
a picture look how cute he is
you know what's crazy move your hand
we'll see a little touch me this is this
is you like this is you're pregnant
that was me just like two days ago
like like a heavy foot lifts up like
look at my belly now but like it was
even bigger because he was in it like
he's literally like this is what he
would that's face he would take up
obviously the position would be
different but isn't that crazy I can't
believe that I still kit is this real
life I have I have four fingers or is it
two fingers I'm really hurt and I really
don't feel good and I think that because
like this today I was I did pretty good
but I think at my edges it gets worse
yeah and you know the scariest thing
about Labor is is having to go noodles
bathroom oh maybe first poo the initial
poo is the worst thing about having a
baby
I hear people have nightmares about it
I'm not even joking
it's worse than labor like it's worse
like right now like I'm having more
pains in my stomach then so does that
mean I know it
like to go through labor it's really bad
poo if you've had a really bad thing you
can have a baby she's like your insides
are filth
my insides want to become outsides
anyone needed this is good like these
people okay hey we took normal the poop
counters going crazy
speaking of poop I think I'm doing
really good at feeding Calvin because he
is like we thought Jackson you're
pooping mister quite the poopy monkey
cookie hey well it's been quite a while
so I'm gonna feed this baby and then I'm
excited to see my baby Jackson you have
two babies now - baby I I miss Jackson
so much and can I tell a secret yeah I
while I was getting your medication yeah
I snuck up to Bonnie's house and I
visited Jackson oh well when he when I
gosh I'm gonna get all teary-eyed when I
got there he's and he ran right up to me
and I hugged him and I picked him up and
you know we played for like a minute and
I wanted because I obviously had to
leave and I couldn't take him with me I
wanted him to like be distract it and so
I distracted him I had him play with
some toys and everything and then I left
and he saw me like right as I was
leaving no Dada Dada Dada Dada and
started crying and oh we've never been
away from him this not this long but
we'll see him here just about thirty
minutes so I'm excited to have him back
home back in our arms I miss him those
legs come on one more because it feed
you got it you got to reach my hand
reach my hands stretch those legs come
on come out jump out look it does fee we
haven't even films what you really look
like a little guy
you have the Meachem feet he's got
longer PTO's like my dad yeah dad I said
it you've got longer Peter happy
birthday to Grandpa by the way today's
my dad's birthday happy birthday dad
you're 75 years old for your birthday
present I just gave you a sweet baby boy
to carry on your name actually your name
is being care
the Meachem name shall henceforth go on
but my dad is the age of a Beatle song
so there's a Beatle song with his age in
the title let me know in the comments
down below if you know how it is
okay that's PG a-- i just resume normal
activities and just go right back to
playing he's like I missed you guys and
there it goes
k Jackson you want to go see mommy we go
see mom let's go see mama let's go see
mom
Oh you--oh take your pinky out his hands
are huge ha ha ha Jackson your hands
it's like all that big um I think he's
just looking at him
Kutcher is so precious whether you like
him or not he's gonna stay yeah we'll
have to learn I missed you I missed you
I missed you I missed you I missed you
hey home it lie I'm sure you know it's
just so crazy like just holding a new
bait newborn for just even a day and
then seeing Jackson's hands I'm just
like oh my god it's like you have to be
so careful because you you know you're
gonna break a butt
good oh he doesn't like oh is it that
bad no yeah guys I think it's time to
say good night um I have a I went to a
breastfeeding class and I have a video
up on my channel right now if you guys
want to go watch it it's not like a
teaching video it's just tips that I
took away from the class and this
morning I was really discouraged I
didn't feel good it's really sore and
you know I'm still recovering I've lots
of recovering to do but now that it's at
the end of the night Calvin did such a
good job today eating and things are
looking better and I'm more positive but
I'm excited that we have Calvin and
Jackson home now because like we're all
we're the family before now or a little
family so I'm excited for like what's
gonna happen like tomorrow and
everything yes we're back together as a
family and really that's that's the
important yeah I really love that
Jackson's home so we're gonna go ahead
and take a night yeah we'll see you
tomorrow
make sure you check out Ellie's video
I'll have a link down below make sure
you're subscribed if you're not
